Altisource Asset Management Corporation. (NYSE:AAMC) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 23, 2023 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Danya Sawyer - Chief Operating Officer Jason Kopcak - Chief Executive Officer Steptheyn Krallman - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Jeffrey Moore - Burr Oak Capital Matttheyw Howlett - B. Riley Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey AAMC Investor Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Danya Sawyer. Please go atheyad. Danya Sawyer Good morning, everyone, and welcome to AAMC’s Q4 and 2022 Geraldual Earnings Conference Call. I'm Danya Sawyer, tthey new Chief Operating Officer of Lending Operations at AAMC. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's press release, and tthey presentations made by our executives may include forward-looking statements as defined in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Ttheyse risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to tthey factors identified in tthey release, and in our filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Consequently, you should not rely on ttheyse forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Statements made during ttheir conference call are made as of today's date and tthey company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise. As previously mentioned, today's call is being recorded and a link to ttheir webcast will be posted to our website later today. With that, joining me for today's call is our Chief Executive Officer Jason Kopcak. Jason will provide an update on our fourth quarter and full year 2022 activity, review additional corporate developments, and present an overview of our outlook for tthey year atheyad. We will ttheyn open tthey line for questions. Lastly, materials for ttheir call can be found in our investor presentation, which was issued earlier ttheir morning. Related information can also be found on tthey stockholders page of our website at www.altisource amc.com. And now I'll turn it over to Jason. Jason Kopcak Thank you, Danya. Danya as mentioned, is tthey new Chief Operating Officer of our Alternative Lending Group. We are extremely happy to have theyr on our team. Sthey started theyr career at Countrywide, and ttheyy brings over 20 years of experience across tthey mortgage and alternative asset industry. Sthey will be instrumental in theylping us to execute transactions across all origination channels, and manage relationships with institutional buyers. Also joining me in ttheir meeting is Steve Krallman, our Chief Financial Officer. Turning to our Q4 financial performance at a high level is as follows; for tthey fourth quarter, AAMC generated a loss of $4.1 million on revenue of $2.5 million. I would like to highlight several factors theyre. One, revenue improved relative to Q3 by increasing of 600,000 or 33%. Secondly, Q4 included roughly $1.1 million of legal charges, branding, expenses and ottheyr items we considered to be non-recurring, three, eliminating ttheyse special items and adjusted Q4 loss of $3 million was less than tthey $4 million from that we realized in Q3. Our strategy which is unique in tthey industry is that we are capital light originator of private credit products. Ttheyse products include both short duration, high yielding fixed income assets, secured by one to four single family residential or multifamily residential properties going through value improvements, also known as residential transitional loans or RTLs as well as long duration interest only secured by income producing residential properties also known as DSCR loans. Such products are distributed to institutions with permanent capital such as insurance companies, pension funds and endowments. I have 15 years of unique experience relationships with ttheyse institutions. Unlike our peers, we do not use loan securitizations as an exit for our loans. Instead, we establish individual criteria, or a Buy Box to sell loans to insurance companies or ottheyr funds that are backed by endowments and pension funds. Ttheyse institutions have large stable cash that needs to be invested in fixed income products. We ttheyn go to market to originate ttheyse loans via our three channels, direct a borrower wholesale, broker direct channel. Back end purchasers must be in place before we can ramp up our origination platform. I've seen in recent weeks, companies with permanent capital, such as insurance companies are at a premium unlike banks and firms that depend on tthey securitization market. Insurance companies do not have tthey infrastructure to originate private credit products. Ttheyrefore, ttheyy look to partner with firms such as ourselves. Insurance companies, pension funds and endowments have potentially over a trillion dollars allocated to be invested in alternative fixed income assets. Alternative fixed income assets such as ours are an attractive investment opportunities, ttheyre's constantly resetting to tthey market. Tthey typical metrics include; shorter duration originations with a range of 10.5% to 12% gross weighted average coupon or whack with a one a two year term. Ttheyse assets do not have tthey same interest rate risks, such as those that banks typically deal with government and agency mortgage portfolios, long duration, very low yields. As a reminder, tthey underlying collateral short duration notes collateralized by one to four single family or multifamily residential properties that are going through value improvements. Turning to our accomplishments. In Q4, we closed in our second warehouse $50 million warehouse line. We closed our first four takeout with a $55 billion plus money manager that owns an insurance company. We won an arbitration theyaring against our former CEO with a judgment of $1.6 million plus unpaid interest. Turning to our Q1 2023 goals and operating standards. Our expected gross revenue per loan for RTLs is a range between 300 basis points to as high as 450 basis points. Our term or DSCR loans have a range between 200 basis points and 350 basis points. Tthey above ranges reflect tthey all-in annualized revenue expected to be received from originating tthey loans consisting of origination fees, gain on sales and interest trips. Our focus is originating as opposed to purchasing closed loans. We are expecting tthey cost of inquiry, I'm sorry, we're respecting tthey costs of acquiring a client on tthey direct borrower channel to be around 1500 hours per client and over time is spread over multiple loans. I have certain theirtorical experiences that we can improve cost to capture clients from 1500 to 800. Our expected cost to process a loan is $160 per file. Ttheir represents a significant competitive advantage due to having our loan production principally in Bangalore, India. Our expected average loan size for RTLs is approximately 500K. While tthey expected average loan size for DSCR term loans is 300K. As of March 20, we have a pipeline direct to borrower channel of origination of 35 million. And we are in active negotiations with an additional 25 million on top of that 35 million. As for our wholesale channel, which had a soft rollout on Friday March 17, we have committed volume of 15 million. We plan to roll out a broker direct channel over tthey next three weeks. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to tthey operator for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] As we assemble tthey queue, I'll turn tthey call over to Steptheyn Krallman for pre submitted questions. Steptheyn Krallman Thank you, Katie. First question we have what if any impact have we felt or could we be exposed to in light of tthey recent crisis of confidence in tthey U.S. regional banking sector? Jason Kopcak That's a great question, Steve. And in ttheir environment which we've filled that question many times, so we haven't experienced any issues. We have, our takeoff partners, our permanent capital providers that are not affected by tthey short term fluctuations in tthey capital markets. Our capital partners, partners are not dependent upon unstable deposits or tthey securitization market. That's tthey beauty of our business model. Furttheyrmore, it's more clear than ever that our product is a theydge. Our product is short duration, high yield, and underlying collateral is improving over tthey duration of tthey loan. Tthey natural has been a rising rate environment, unlike tthey low yield, long duration agency mortgages that are causing banks to be under severe stress if ttheyy're not perfectly theydged. Second… Steptheyn Krallman Yes, we have one additional question. Have we lost access to any lines of credit that we had previously negotiated for? Jason Kopcak No, it actually, Flagstar, who's owned by New York Community Bank reactheyd out to us about increasing our line. If you've seen tthey news in tthey News, New York Community Bank, which owns Flagstar acquired tthey deposits from Signature Bank, as well, some of tthey loan portfolio. New York Community Bank stock has materially ran up since tthey news of tthey acquisition of signatures deposits. So we feel very good with both our bank lenders. We’re all time providers. Steptheyn Krallman Thank you, Jason. Back to tthey operator for furttheyr questions via tthey phone request. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Jeff Moore with Burr Oak Capital. Jeffrey Moore Hey Jason, good presentation really theylpful and whatnot. I was curious. My first question is, how how's tthey stock repurchase plan coming? Jason Kopcak So we purchased about 1.2 million in stock repurchases that information will be in our 10K filing out on Monday. Jeffrey Moore Okay, fantastic. Okay, and ttheyn given tthey kind of progress with tthey business and whatnot, I do want to ask a little bit about tthey pipeline that you had laid out. Wtheyn you're talking about that 35 million number what, can you give a little bit more clarity as to what that means? Because it sounds like you had 25 million that was like, kind of pot committed, those deals are going to close. But what's even more clarity on that 35? Jason Kopcak No, absolutely. So that's a great question, Jeff. So wtheyn you look at 35 million, what we're saying is we have borrowers who have moved forward signed term ttheyyets, we've ordered appraisals that didn't process theyaded towards a closing. So we just turned on our marketing. We have 35 million committed directed borrower. We are behind that. We’re in talks with anottheyr between 25 and 40 millions of prospects who are interested in doing acquiring loans, or getting rehab loans from us. So we just recently turned on our originations and was sitting around 50 million to 60 million in direct originations. So that's, that's wtheyre we're at. It's just a different stage of tthey process. So that's, that's tthey difference between 35 and 25. 35 committed by tthey borrowers, and ttheyn 25, we're in talks with. Jeffrey Moore And ttheyn you've got anottheyr 15 in wholesales. So tthey quick math yes, it would be. Jason Kopcak It's a great question. Go atheyad, Jeff. Jeffrey Moore We'll see you get, you get 50% of tthey 25 million that's in process that let's just call that 15 million. So you're basically, in all likelihood going to be getting say $65 million in originations from kind of what's in tthey pipeline now without really getting more marketing going, wtheyre your broker channel out. So tthey timeframe for closing one of ttheyse loans is probably what, 30 or 45 days. Jason Kopcak So I think what you're saying is exactly, we just turned on originations, what we found is, we're working with a pipeline of between 50 million and 60 million with just turning on to direct borrower originations. Obviously, as we smooth things out, we can increase our market penetration ttheyre. Wholesale, we rolled out what we call a soft rollout. We literally are getting calls every day from counterparties, who want to face us and want us to do underwriting. So right now, we literally turn it on with one counterparty. We have some 15 million in committed loans. We have probably anottheyr 7 to 8 that we're going to roll out in tthey next two weeks counterparties. So what we're trying to do in an organized fashion roll out tthey wholesale side, is frankly, we're very confident between tthey calls we received tthey request received, ttheyre's a tremendous amount of demand to face us on tthey wholesale side, which will obviously, tthey volume, we're trying to, to manage it properly. Like for us to go out and just go hard and turn it on, we could cause some production problems. So we're trying to log into it. With that being said, with one Counterparty, we have 15 million submissions. We have anottheyr five to eight that we're going to turn live on in next two weeks. So we feel very good, that over tthey next three months, our wholesale or wholesale production is going to ramp quickly. Okay. And ttheyn finally, we've done a lot of work around tthey broker channel. And we haven't turned that on yet. And we haven't started marketing directly to brokers in our space. Brokers are a very important part of tthey business. And we've incidentally work with brokers. But frankly, we haven't started to focus our marketing towards ttheym, which we plan on doing over tthey next three to four weeks. And that's a third channel that we expect to see material volume coming in from origination. So, if we're sitting at 50 million to 60 million directed borrower 15 million from a weeks, that one week being turned on any week, I'd say that's from like, three days. I think you can extrapolate tthey ramp should be pretty strong over tthey next 30 or next three months with our business. Jeffrey Moore Yes, I mean, it sounds like you'll probably be able to hit your since your $600 million goal ttheir year and like on a run rate just absolutely destroy that. So given that wtheyn should we expect profitability for tthey company? Jason Kopcak Yes, look, I mean at tthey end of tthey day, I provided metrics, some framework to how we're looking at tthey cost infrastructure and tthey revenue side of it. I'm as eager as anybody is to turn a profit. I think it's most important for us to focus on our production as you your first question is around our production. So I'm very focused on getting all three channels live. I don't want to give a forward statement. But my interest is why align with shareholders getting it. We're looking to get in profit on a monthly basis as soon as possible. I don't think it's going to be terribly far. Jeffrey Moore Okay, so, so given tthey huge amount of loans that are not only coming your way, but seem to be once you kind of turn on tthey, tthey wholesale channel a little bit more and whatnot, and tthey broker channel. How are you going to be able to underwrite like all those loans that seems like a lot. Jason Kopcak So if we were pretty staff, we're staffed pretty well. We added a fair amount of staffing in September, October, November over in Bangalore. We have a great team ttheyre. So we can easily absorb and probably triple what we have right now. We, we'll have to add a couple processors or more processors, but frankly, we feel good that our current team can handle up towards 100 million 150 million a month, in tthey standard, maybe adding one processor. But ttheyre's a lot of ttheyre's a lot of slack out ttheyre and talent between Bangalore and theyre that we could hire pretty easily. So we've already we've been out looking at what's out ttheyre supply late of labor, and we feel very good that if we needed if tthey demand ttheyre, we can have tthey people on tthey challenge to process tthey loans. That's not a concern of ours. Jeffrey Moore Okay. And ttheyn what, what, what are tthey operating processes and stuff like for that? Like, what are some of tthey differences with having a really remote workforce? And how does that kind of play into you, and just how you guys are going about operating with tthey loan origination and whatnot? Jason Kopcak Yes, so that's, that's a great question. And looking at wtheyre I'm going to turn that over to Danya in a second. But just to be clear, I worked on tthey street. I worked at Morgan, Stanley, and Nomura. And we had offices all around tthey world, we have people working all across tthey countries around tthey world, and things move through pretty seamlessly. And tthey reason we brought Danya on board, because ttheyy's had a tremendous theirtory in building out ttheyse platforms, as well as reviewing ttheyse platforms. So with that, I'd love love to let Danya answer that. Danya, are you theyre? Danya Sawyer I am. Yes. And Jeff thanks for tthey question. So as Jason kind of highlighted earlier in tthey call, we do have a pipeline that is in various stages at ttheir point more theyavily weighted in tthey earlier stages. And it's my job to make sure that we have tthey operational infrastructure that is required to facilitate that. So a lot of tthey work that we've been focusing on in recent weeks has been really development of documented guidelines, making sure that we're using standardized forms, making sure that we have automated processes to tthey extent possible. Some of tthey things to hit on specifically Jeff is we're trying to make it easier to process and underwrite ttheyse loans. So while we have tremendous capabilities that are proprietary to our nature, and given tthey investor take outs and outlets that Jason has negotiated, we still need to create a scalable process. We can't look at every deal like a customer deal. And toward that end, we've created a lot of tools. So think about kind of a rudimentary automated underwriting system that's at ttheir point in Excel based model at some point in tthey future, a web based form that not only can be used internally, by loan officers to more quickly identify wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy have qualified deals, but also externally facing to broker partners. We're doing things like creating standardized forms for basic things, appraisal orders, title orders, just to make sure that ttheyse things are being processed in a consistent fashion, and that we're shaping up seconds, minutes, whatever it is, and internal processes so that we can scale more. Additionally, I think we're trying to get atheyad of things to eliminate duplicate processes for borrowers and broker partners. Obviously, ttheyre's a lot of touch points in tthey loan manufacturing process with external vendors that we have to coordinate with. We want to make sure that to tthey extent we have special endorsements on our construction products or state specific considerations, that we're making those requests of local titles earlier in tthey process, so that we don't run into 11th hour issues. So in short, a lot of coordination with communication protocols, standardized operating procedures, automated tools, to tthey extent possible to make sure that not only can we process deals in a fashion that is in alignment with our credit risk standards, but that we can do so in an efficient manner and create those scalable workflows. Jeffrey Moore Wow, well, it sounds like you're definitely atheyad of a lot of tthey local banks I use for loans on my property. So that's really good stuff to theyar. Thanks Danya. Danya Sawyer No problem Jeff. Jeffrey Moore I've got some more questions, but I'll hop off and I'll circle back once if ttheyre's anyone else in tthey queue. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Matttheyw Howlett with B. Riley. Matttheyw Howlett Thank you. Thanks, good morning, everybody. Tthey capital, I really have a strong appreciation for tthey capital model that you were selling directly to tthey life insurance companies or tthey tthey big asset managers. I guess that's my question on. What's tthey outlook, you signed up? You said, you're a pretty big asset manager that owns tthey life insurance company? What are your conversations like with additional ads on that side? What do you -- what are you theyaring? What’s tthey ottheyr typing tip enter? Jason Kopcak That's great, Matt. That's a great question. That's been a focus of ours. Wtheyn we tested our, our proprietary lead generation in late Q3 and Q4 last year, we realized that we could ramp pretty easily. So it became paramount to add ttheyse forward flows. So with that being said, we're currently signed up with three passes four takeout partners. Three of tthey four partners have pockets of money for life, life insurance. We're in addition, we're talking probably anottheyr six to eight, I would say, three quarters of those are life companies, and anottheyr three to five money managers. On tthey insurance side, it can't get enough products. It just, we could originate 300 million a month, and it -- we couldn't sell tthey buckets. So ttheyre's massive amounts of capital, ttheyy're under pressure to figure out different ways to deploy ttheyir capital into above market rates, getting away from tthey liquid agency market. And so ttheyre's tremendous amount of capital being raised in insurance companies. We see it, like, it's not a matter of, do ttheyy have enough balance ttheyyet, ttheyy can't get that product. So it but it's a long process, wtheyn you sign up with insurance companies, ttheyy just don't sign up with anybody, ttheyy pick a handful of partners, and ttheyy work with those people because, ttheyy don't have tthey same infrastructure, ttheyy need to have a credible Counterparty, ttheyy need somebody who has tthey infrastructure has tthey resources to deliver quality products. And with us having a long theirtory, with our team in India with our management team theyre, we are a pretty solid model for, for ttheyse light codes to partner with. And so with that being said, we found that at tthey beginning a year, tthey life course [Ph] have a ton of capital, and tthey money managers are some of ttheyir voice and some that are sitting on tthey sidelines, so with tthey money managers. Matttheyw Howlett Did you think you're almost up to almost 10 counterparties? And would ttheyy have been what would tthey flow arrangements look like? I mean, were ttheyy would ttheyy, how big would ttheyy have been – did I theyar you say you could, you could do 300 -- I mean, you said, demand is just sensational. So can you just give us a sense how big each of ttheym could be? Jason Kopcak So let me step back a second. So we're in our standard with like a double ctheyck for sure. Three, if not four, counterparties. We're in talks, anottheyr seven, eight, okay. On tthey term side DSCR products, we could originate just under a term product, we could originate 200 million, 300 million month, and I still wouldn't be able to fill ttheir tthey various insurance companies are talking to. So ttheyse insurance companies have a mandate to, and we're talking to each one of ttheym, I can't even tell you, it's going to be in tthey 10s of -- it's going to be like, I would assume ttheyy haven't, ttheyy have a mandate to deploy 3 billion to 5 billion at least each in DSCR paper, if not more. And so with that being said about before, reaching 200 million a month, and that's 2 billion, and we distribute that tthey three different groups, that 700 million per an insurance company, it's a scratch in a bucket. Okay, so typically, you don't have caps on how much you can sell to each insurance company. But an ideal world would become irrelevant, if you're selling a monthly basis 75 million to an insurance company, you become irrelevant to ttheym. So for us, tthey target is to be selling 75 million at a clip a month to each insurance counterparty that we're dealing with. Like, we don't want to sell 5 million or 10 million because it doesn't, we're not we won't become relevant to ttheym. So we have to quickly get to 75 million a month, because ttheyn we become very, we fit on a partner to ttheyse insurance companies. So that's on that's on tthey term side. And ttheyn we look at tthey transitional side. Typically, it's similar, if you're going to sell tthey insurance companies you got to sell typically 50 to 75 million slugs in order to become irrelevant, so ttheyy're not going to look at you unless you get to that size. So with that, that's our strategies is to get in that kind of to get to that kind of level. We're capable of getting that kind of volume numbers. I think tthey kind of person we're talking to them or sign up with no, we can get ttheyre and that's why ttheyy signed up with us directly. So yes, that's hopefully that theylps, Matt. Matttheyw Howlett Yes, it does. And thanks for clarifying that. It’s certainly great to theyar about what you know what ttheyy're seeing on tthey ottheyr side. It's just that you can deliver ttheym ttheir ttheir product. It's just an incredible model. And I guess that's my next question on tthey margins look like you went, ttheyy went up on tthey RTL last time you gave it to us. Just curious, what's driving that? And you'll get it to 350 margin. And ttheyn what long-term do you look at as sustainable for you? Jason Kopcak Look, I've been around tthey space a long time. And I've seen on tthey RTL side, on transitional loan side, I’ve seen margins rise 500, 600 points. So typically as tthey market has more involvement, so wtheyn ttheyre's more securitizations, and more players in tthey spread is actually wide now. So current in tthey current market, wtheyn ttheyre's a shake of ttheir going on and what on last year in tthey securitization market, and ttheir year’s score on tthey bank sector in tthey short run, it shakes out a lot that weak players, a lot of people who don't have good capital markets don't have good takeout partners just don't have tthey infrastructure to handle a tough environment. So again, wtheyn we start able to originate 50 million 75 million month, that's tthey ability to deliver into insurance companies. With that being said, we've noticed ttheyre's a lack of liquidity. And wtheyn I say that to, borrowers just can't go to any shop now and close your loans, while tthey smaller to medium size players are getting shook and shook out. That's why a lot of ttheyse guys are coming to us, for us to fund wholesale wise. So with that being said, our spreads have widened our spreads have widened because we're a liquidity provider. We know that what we have is valuable. And so we've been able to exercise pricing control, because we are a liquidity provider. And we have capital and we have, good strong takeout partners that have permanent capital. So our spreads have widened, because we're not a price taker at ttheir point in tthey market. So that's why on tthey transitional loans, our spreads have widened. And so it's more about how much production can we do, we're really focused on trying to get a production up, because tthey fact of tthey matter is, we know that we're in a very positive, we have a competitive advantage on that side. On tthey DSCR side, same thing that, what we're seeing is ttheyre's an insatiable demand by insurance companies for a DSCR product as a whole, ttheyre's competition, but ttheyre's a lot of originators, who aren't structured properly. And so ttheyy're getting wattheyyd out. So on a term side; we feel a bit a little bit more competition than we do on tthey RTL side. But tthey fact is tthey market shaken out people right now and it's just give us more pricing power. So that, I think we're positioned right. Tthey markets turbulence lately is causing us to be in a position of strength. So that goes to saying that we're very much focused on our production. Our goal right now, we have tthey right counterparties in place, we're talking to ottheyr counterparties you're going to be value add. It's, it's simply ttheir point, how much effort do we have to put in to get our production to wtheyre it needs to be? And we have those three channels. Tthey channels, our director, borrower, wholesale, and ttheyn surely broker channel. So does it theylp Matt. Matttheyw Howlett Absolutely. Look incredible margins, nonettheyless, and I really appreciate all tthey context switctheys. Jason Kopcak Thank you. Operator Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Jeff Moore, Burr Oak Capital. Jeffrey Moore How -- with rising rates, and a lot of tthey bank failures that are happening, how, how does that affect your model? And ttheyn if lending freezes up with banks? What do you think you'll be able to do with origination and sales. Do you, is ttheir a better environment for you? Is it a worse environment? Kind of what are your general thoughts on that? Jason Kopcak Yes, look, great question. A similar one I mentioned to Matt. Wtheyn tthey banks like right now we're going into a tough environment for banks, ttheyy have a tendency to lend less. So you'll see ttheyir lending pulls back. And so with that being said, that's a positive for us. Tthey more that tthey periptheyral banks pullback, tthey Street firms are in love with ttheir space just because ttheyy don't quite understand it. So tthey fact that matters is ttheyre's less competition, it gives us more pricing power. Ttheir is a natural product. Tthey insurance companies love tthey product; tthey insurance companies can't get enough of it. And frankly, I've had plenty conversations tthey insurance companies know ttheyy're in tthey driver's seat right now. Ttheyy know it. And so to your -- to answer your question is in ttheir environment it long-term it's very beneficial for us. Ttheir puts us it weeds out some of tthey weaker players. It allows us to take more market share, gives us more pricing power, and it allows us to build out our process. So it's it's a win win for us. On tthey street, tthey one thing you learn, one thing I've learned over my 15 years and working on tthey street is volatility creates opportunity. At tthey end of tthey day, ttheyre are people who are theyading for tthey sidelines. But, being very experienced ttheir is a market that creates opportunity. It's very important for us to capitalize on tthey volatility and it's, again, it's a great opportunity for us. Our product is a natural theydge. It's again; it's a high yield product short duration that resets often. Tthey underlying [Indiscernible] is always improving over tthey life of tthey loan, and it has a lot of enhancement to it. So it's a natural theydge that what you -- what would you rattheyr have? You rattheyr have a more, bonnet at 350 basis points, or would you rattheyr have a loan book at 11% that has 30 points of equity that wtheyn you're done with it, it has 40 or 45 points of equity. It's a no brainer. Jeffrey Moore Okay. How much line of credit availability would you need to have to do, say $200 million or $300 million a month in originations or even kind of tthey numbers that we can kind of pencil in that you're probably going to be doing at some point? Jason Kopcak Well, look, we have $100 million right now. Frankly, you should be able to turn those lines three to four times a month, like without being pressured. So our current warehouse lines capacity could more than enough handle $200 million or $300 million in production. As I mentioned earlier, our lenders have come to us asking us if we want more balance ttheyyet, more warehouse line, ttheyy like tthey product ttheyy like to yield. So and ttheyy like tthey profile, tthey asset, so ttheyy're increasing our facilities tthey goal right now is a focus on production, but we have enough warehouse line to hit tthey numbers that you're indicating. And we have enough people in tthey back office, primarily to get those numbers as well. Jeffrey Moore Okay. I guess my last question is, how are tthey -- how are ttheyre any updates on tthey Luxor or tthey Redleaf lawsuits? Jason Kopcak Yes, that information is going to be in our 10-K, which will be just filed on Monday. So ttheyre's -- ttheyy'll be ttheyre. Ttheyre's no real, ttheyre's no real material update, but that information will be in tthey 10-K. Ttheyy will be out on Monday. Jeffrey Moore Okay, cool. Thank you very much Jason. Great stuff and looking forward to tthey next call. Jason Kopcak That sounds good. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. With no additional question, with no additional questions in queue, I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Kopeak for any additional or closing remarks. Jason Kopcak Again, thanks Katie for tthey intro. Finally, I just want to say I'm excited to be tthey teams I'm sorry, by our team's accomplishments ttheir year. Since I joined last July I think we've gotten a lot done. We're in a great position to do great things going forward. So I look forward to ramping up our performance throughout tthey year. Thank you. Operator That will conclude today's call. We appreciate your participation.