Altisource Asset Management Corp. (NYSE:AAMC) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call May 9, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Robin Lowe - Chief Financial Officer George Ellison - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Altisource Asset Management First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s call is being recorded. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Robin Lowe, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin. Robin Lowe Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. My name is Robin Lowe, excuse me, and I’m tthey Chief Financial Officer of Altisource Asset Management Corporation, which we refer to as AAMC. Before we begin, I want to remind you that a slide presentation is available to accompany our remarks. To access tthey slides, please logon to our website, www.altisourceamc.com. Ttheyse slides provide additional information investors may find useful. As indicated on Slide 1, our presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements may be identified by reference to a future period or by uses of forward-looking terminology and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause tthey company’s actual results to differ materially from tthey results discussed in tthey forward-looking statements. For an elaboration of tthey factors that may cause such a difference, please refer to tthey risk disclosure statement in our earnings release as well as tthey company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, including our year-end 2015 Form 10-K and our first quarter 2016 Form 10-Q that we have filed today. If you would like to receive our news releases, SEC filings, and ottheyr materials via e-mail, please register on tthey shareholders page of our website using tthey E-Mail Alert button. Joining me for today’s presentation is George Ellison, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AAMC. I would like to turn tthey call over to George. George Ellison Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. If you would please turn to Page 2 of our presentation, we’ll walk through tthey fourth quarter highlights, excuse me, fourth quarter highlights – first quarter, excuse me. A dividend of $0.15 per share was paid by RESI. AAMC managed tthey repurchase of $10 million of RESI stock, approximately 900,000 shares. We completed tthey repurchase of $2.3 million of AAMC common stock. We successfully closed anottheyr bulk sale for RESI of about 1,100 loans at approximately 99% of our balance ttheyyet value. We are currently anticipating anottheyr sale for RESI ttheir quarter, based on continuing opportunistic market conditions. RESI’s loan portfolio is now down to just over 5,000 loans. We successfully closed tthey portfolio purchase of about 600 rental homes for RESI, for a total of about 700 homes ttheir quarter at an average growth yield of 11.3%. We increased Residential’s lease portfolio in tthey quarter to 2,700 homes, and increased tthey overall rental portfolio by 29% to about 3,500 homes. RESI’s net operating margin remains on track at 56%, as tthey team continues to push on ttheir important metric. Stabilized rentals were 95% leased. Residential’s renewal rate was 77%, with an average rent increase of 6%. REO sales, which started picking up in tthey fourth quarter continued to improve from 389 homes last quarter to 686 ttheir quarter, a 76% increase. I’ll now turn it back to Rob. Robin Lowe Thank you, George. On Slides 3, 4 and 5, we show our financials. Effective January 1, 2016, AAMC adopted tthey provisions of Accounting Standards Update 2015-02 related to consolidation. As a result, we no longer consolidate tthey financials of Altisource Residential into our financial statements. We have applied ASU 2015-02 using tthey modified retrospective approach, which resulted in a cumulative effect adjustment to equity on January 1, 2016. As a result, periods ending prior to tthey adoption were not impacted. Tthey adoption effectively removed those balances previously disclosed that related to residential and eliminated tthey amounts previously reported as noncontrolling interest in a consolidated affiliate. We continue to consolidate new source in our consolidated financial statements as a wholly-owned subsidiary. Subsequent to tthey adoption of ASU 2015-02, AAMC’s consolidated revenues consist primarily of management fees received from Altisource Residential under tthey related asset management agreement and interest in dividend income. Expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, equity-based compensation, legal and professional fees, and general and administrative expenses. Since tthey adoption did not impact 2015, we have provided certain non-GAAP information on Slide 4 that includes standalone financials for AAMC. Ttheir non-GAAP information should be viewed in addition to and not as an alternative for our reported results under GAAP. As shown on Slide 3, we reported a net loss of $940,000, or $0.50 per diluted share for tthey first quarter of 2016. Tthey improvement over tthey prior quarter is mainly due to a one-time $6.9 million repayment in tthey fourth quarter of 2015 to Altisource Residential in accordance with tthey new asset management agreement. Revenues were $4.8 million for tthey first quarter of 2016, consisting mainly of fees from Altisource Residential and interested dividend income. Total expenses were $5.8 million, down from $6.4 million in tthey prior quarter, mainly due to lowest staff-related costs. I’ll now turn back over to George. George Ellison Thanks, Rob. On Page 6, I’ll touch on AAMC growth initiatives. As we always point out, growing Altisource Residential is AAMC’s first priority. RESI’s growth and success is completely in line with AAMC. Tthey first asset management contractual hurdle amount was reactheyd in tthey first quarter. And as I mentioned on last quarter’s call, we will be adding resources soon in residential mortgage origination opportunities and are also considering some specially commercial real estate opportunities as well. I’ll now turn it back to tthey operator. Shannon? Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And I’m showing no questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to tthey company for closing remarks. Robin Lowe Thank you very much everyone for joining us today. Have a great day. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. Question-and-Answer Session Q -