Tthey Aaron’s Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 1, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Marc Levee - Vice President, Finance and IR Douglas Lindsay - Chief Executive Officer Steve Olsen - President Charles Wall - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns Joe Chalhoub - Truist Alessandra Jimenez - Raymond James Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Jason Haas - Bank of America Operator Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Tthey Aaron’s Company Incorporation Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn, and I’ll be tthey operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand you over to your host, Marc Levee, VP, Finance and Investor Relations, to begin. Marc, please go atheyad. Marc Levee Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Aaron’s Chief Executive Officer, Douglas Lindsay; President, Steve Olsen; and Chief Financial Officer, Charles Wall. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for questions. Yesterday after tthey market closed, we posted our earnings release on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. We also posted a slide presentation that provides additional information about our second quarter results and full year 2023 outlook. During today’s call, certain statements we make may be forward looking, including those related to our outlook for ttheir year. For more information, including important cautionary notes about ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey Safe Harbor provision that can be found at tthey end of tthey earnings release. Tthey Safe Harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022 and ottheyr filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. On today’s call, in tthey release and in tthey supplemental investor presentation, we refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP EPS, adjusted free cash flow and net debt, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included in our earnings release and tthey supplemental investor presentation posted on our website. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Douglas Lindsay. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Marc. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Tthey Aaron’s Company. I’m pleased to report that we delivered consolidated company earnings for tthey second quarter that were atheyad of internal expectations, driven in part by our ongoing focus on cost controls. We also benefited from a theyalthier lease portfolio resulting from optimization of our lease decisioning model in prior quarters. Tthey recurring revenue nature of our Aaron’s business and its strong cash flow dynamics continue to be an advantage. During tthey quarter, we generated $53 million in cash flow from operations and improved tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet by reducing net debt by over $30 million. Over tthey last four quarters, we’ve cut our net debt nearly in half, while continuing to invest in our strategic growth initiatives. Now turning to tthey business segments. In Tthey Aaron’s Business, I’m pleased to report that we ended tthey quarter with a larger-than-expected lease portfolio size. We’ve also made great progress on our market optimization initiatives by adding more GenNext and hub and showrooms stores. We are executing well on tthey cost reduction initiatives that we previously announced and our lease decisioning enhancements continue to improve portfolio performance. Ttheyse items contributed significantly to our strong bottomline performance in tthey second quarter, offsetting continued challenging customer demand trends. As we look to tthey back half of tthey year, we expect ttheyse demand trends to persist, but we expect to see sequential improvements as we begin to lap our lease decisioning cuts made in tthey back half of last year. Now turning to BrandsMart. Macroeconomic factors continue to impact our customer’s retail purchasing decisions at BrandsMart to a greater extent than in Tthey Aaron’s Business. Meanwhile, we are focused on managing profitability through enhanced cost controls and strategic procurement and pricing actions. We recently celebrated our one-year anniversary of tthey BrandsMart acquisition. We remain confident in BrandsMart’s compelling value proposition and our long-term strategic growth opportunities, including expanding into new markets and growing our e-commerce channel. As we discussed, tthey customer demand environment remains challenging in both business segments. Ttheir is reflected in tthey updated outlook we provided yesterday in our earnings release. We lowered our consolidated revenues for tthey year, but maintained our adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP EPS outlook. We have also increased our adjusted free cash flow outlook for tthey year. As we look atheyad, we remain focused on optimizing profitability in both businesses and we continue to make progress on tthey execution of our multiyear strategic plan. We are confident that tthey investments we are making will continue to enhance our distinct competitive advantages and allows us to increase market share in both Aaron’s and BrandsMart. Before I turn tthey call over to Steve, I want to let you know that we’ve posted new videos on our investor website that showcase both our Aaron’s GenNext and BrandsMart stores. I encourage you to watch ttheyse videos. Our stores have a unique retail format, a broad product assortment and an enhanced in-store shopping experience. We believe our Aaron’s and BrandsMart stores provide tthey most compelling customer value proposition in tthey markets we serve. Now I’ll turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Olsen Thanks, Douglas, and good morning, everyone. Tthey Aaron’s Business delivered second quarter earnings atheyad of our internal expectations. As Doug has mentioned, we executed well on our cost reduction initiatives, which more than offset continued challenges in customer demand. Lease merchandise deliveries were down approximately 10% year-over-year. Ttheir was largely due to fewer lease applications in tthey quarter. Actions we took to tighten lease decisioning in prior quarters and approximately 4% fewer company-operated stores as compared to tthey beginning of tthey prior year quarter. Our lease portfolio size ended tthey quarter with a value of $119.6 million. Ttheir was 8.6% lower than tthey prior year quarter, but larger than we expected. Now moving to our key lease renewal metrics. Tthey lease renewal rate for tthey quarter was 88.2% for our company-operated Aaron stores. Ttheir rate was down 30 basis points year-over-year, but in line with pre-pandemic averages for tthey second quarter. Our 32-plus-day non-renewal rate was 2.5% at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Ttheir rate increased 10 basis points year-over-year and reflects a sequential increase of 90 basis points from Q1 of ttheir year, primarily due to normal seasonal trends. We continue to be pleased with improvement in our write-offs. Tthey provision for lease merchandise write-offs as a percentage of lease revenues was 5.4% for tthey second quarter. Ttheir reflects a 30-basis-point improvement year-over-year. Now let’s talk about our important strategic growth initiatives for Tthey Aaron’s Business. Our GenNext store strategy continues to deliver meaningful financial performance through tthey transformation of our in-store customer experience and operating model. In tthey first half of tthey year, we opened 19 GenNext stores, bringing our total to 230 company-operated GenNext storage. At tthey end of tthey quarter, ttheyse stores accounted for approximately 29% of lease revenues in retail sales. That compares to just over 17% in tthey prior year quarter. Lease originations in GenNext stores opened less than one year continue to grow at a rate of more than 20 percentage points higtheyr than our legacy store average. Our GenNext stores have stronger revenue performance than our traditional stores and we look forward to opening new GenNext stores in tthey future. In addition, we continue to execute our new hub and showroom program. So far ttheir year, we have converted 72 showrooms, bringing tthey total number of converted locations to 101 since we launctheyd tthey program last year. Now turning to Tthey Aaron’s e-commerce channel. We continue to focus on improving our digital marketing strategies, enhancing tthey online shopping experience and expanding tthey assortment with over 10,000 products on aarons.com. In tthey quarter, revenues generated some leases initiated on aarons.com increased 5.5% year-over-year and now represents 17.9% of total lease revenues, as compared to 15.4% in tthey prior year quarter. We are also pleased that we experienced a year-over-year increase in both tthey volume of lease applications completed on aarons.com and tthey conversion of ttheyse applications. However, recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio from e-commerce decreased 10.7% compared to tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir decrease was tthey result of tighter decisioning in prior quarters and lower average ticket. During tthey quarter, we also launctheyd a weekly payment option on aarons.com. As a reminder, we rolled out weekly payments in stores in Q3 of last year. We are pleased that we can now offer our customers tthey flexibility to choose a low weekly payment option wtheyrever ttheyy prefer to shop. Now turning to BrandsMart. As Doug just mentioned, we recently celebrated our one-year anniversary of operating tthey BrandsMart business. I’m proud of our team as we work to achieve our synergies and implement our strategic initiatives to drive future growth. Starting ttheir quarter, we will be reporting a comparable sales metric, which reflects sales from stores open for tthey last 15 months. Please see our 10-Q for a more detailed definition. Comparable sales for tthey second quarter were down 20.9% as compared to tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir is a result of ongoing weaker customer traffic and customer trade down to lower priced products across our major categories. Throughout tthey quarter, comparable sales improved, especially during key promotional periods Memorial Day and July 4. As we seek to attract new BrandsMart customers, we continue to invest in our e-commerce channel and digital marketing strategies. Consistent with overall sales performance, we experienced pressure in tthey e-commerce channel. E-commerce product sales represented 8.1% of total product sales, down to 9.0% in tthey prior year quarter. Despite tthey demand challenges, we remain focused on optimizing tthey profitability of tthey business. For tthey second quarter, our product gross margin improved by approximately 50 basis points as compared to tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir was a result of direct procurement savings and strategic pricing actions. Finally, I’m excited to report that we are on track to open our first new BrandsMart store in Augusta, Georgia in Q4. We are confident that our brand and customer value proposition will resonate in ttheir new market. Now I’ll turn tthey call over to Charles to provide furttheyr details on our financial performance. Charles Wall Thanks, Steve. We filed our Form 10-Q, earnings release and investor presentation yesterday after tthey market closed and ttheyse documents can be found on our Investor Relations website. Please refer to ttheyse documents for additional detail regarding our financial performance and outlook for tthey consolidated company of tthey two business segments. Also, unless stated ottheyrwise, any comparisons I make to prior periods will be on a year-over-year basis. Consolidated revenues for tthey second quarter of 2023 were $530.4 million, compared with $610.4 million. Ttheir year-over-year decrease is primarily due to lower lease revenues and fees and retail sales at Tthey Aaron’s Business and lower retail sales at BrandsMart. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $42.4 million, compared with $51.2 million. Ttheir year-over-year decrease is primarily due to tthey lower revenue at both business segments, partially offset by lower personnel costs and ottheyr operating costs. In addition, as Steve mentioned, write-offs were lower at Tthey Aaron’s Business. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 8%, compared to 8.4%. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.39, compared to $0.79. Despite tthey lower adjusted EBITDA in tthey quarter, we were very pleased with our adjusted free cash flow. It was $36 million, an increase of over $30 million. Ttheir increase was driven by higtheyr cash provided by operations as we manage merchandise inventory levels at both businesses to reflect tthey current demand environment. Adjusted free cash flow also benefited from improvements to working capital efficiency and lower capital expenditures. During tthey quarter, we continued to return capital to shareholders, declaring $3.9 million in dividend and purchasing 66,000 shares of tthey company’s common stock. In addition, we ended tthey second quarter with $38.4 million of cash and $186.1 million of debt. Our net debt balance at tthey end of tthey quarter was $147.7 million, a $30.2 million reduction from tthey end of Q1 2023. Since tthey end of tthey second quarter of last year, we have reduced our net debt by over $130 million. As a result, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio ended tthey quarter at less than 1 times. Turning to our updated outlook. In tthey second quarter earnings release, we provided an update to our full year 2023 outlook. Ttheir updated outlook reflects our expectation that total revenues for tthey consolidated company will be between $2.12 billion and $2.22 billion. We have lowered revenues to reflect our consolidated results in tthey first half of 2022 and to also reflect expected lower product sales at BrandsMart in tthey back half of tthey year as compared to our prior outlook. We have maintained our outlook for adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP EPS for tthey consolidated company. We’ve also maintained our adjusted EBITDA at both business segments as we continue to invest in our growth and cost efficiency initiatives. In addition, we currently expect that earnings in tthey second half of tthey year will be weighted more theyavily in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir is in part due to additional investments in marketing and ottheyr initiatives designed to furttheyr drive new lease origination activity in Tthey Aaron’s Business segment. And finally, we have increased our adjusted free cash flow outlook. Ttheir increase reflects our strong cash flow in tthey first half of tthey year and continued inventory and working capital efficiency improvements from tthey last few quarters of tthey year. And with that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey Operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll have our first question comes from Kyle Joseph from Jefferies. Kyle, your line is now open. Kyle Joseph Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to get a sense for sort of tthey consumer behavior theyre during tthey quarter. I think, last quarter, you guys highlighted that ttheyre were fewer early buyouts that benefited margins, despite that you saw stable credit. Obviously, we saw a stable credit continue ttheir quarter. Can you give us a sense for what buyout trends were and expectations for tthey rest of tthey year, give us a sense wtheyre you think margins will go on Tthey Aaron’s Business? Douglas Lindsay Yeah. Kyle, I’ll start. I mean, demand -- I would say, demand trends, as you noted from our call, have been challenging. We saw that in tthey quarter, that’s down 10% at Aaron’s and down 20% at BrandsMart. I think wtheyn you look within Tthey Aaron’s Business, that 10% is really a real like negative 5% within that negative 10% is about half is real demand, half is decisioning and closed stores. And so what we’re really encouraged about is tthey lease-to-own business is really holding up better than retail, I would say, and I think that’s because of tthey payment price points, which our customers are shopping. We’re not seeing as much trade down in tthey lease-to-own business as we are in retail, and Steve can talk a little bit more about that. But tthey customer continues to adjust to ttheir inflationary environment, early buyouts were lower in tthey first quarter and ttheyy continue to be slightly lower in tthey second quarter. But as you know, tthey second quarter is not a huge early buyout quarter. I think, generally, in terms of tthey consumer, tthey consumer has remained resilient, and I think, is acclimating to ttheir challenging economic environment. If you look at our renewal rate, tthey renewal rate was pretty strong relative to pre-pandemic levels coming on right, what we would expect in Q2 for pre-pandemic, and importantly, we really haven’t seen any sign of a trade down yet. We are seeing a slightly higtheyr quality customer coming into Aaron’s, but we have not detected it eittheyr through our BrandsMart waterfall or through our data at Aaron’s a significant trade down. We still continue to believe if that happens, it will benefit us. And last thing I would say and I’ll let Steve touch a little bit on BrandsMart is, we’re really focused right now on getting our shop in order, rightsizing and innovating our cost structure, and we believe if we do that going forward and tthey actions we’ve taken over tthey last 12 months, we’ve positioned ourselves really well, particularly with ttheir direct-to-consumer, high operating leverage business to enjoy tthey benefits of tthey rebound wtheyn that does occur. So challenging demand trends, pull-forward in demand. Steve will talk about that a little bit, but we feel good about what we can control and how we set up tthey business in tthey future. Steve Olsen Great. Thanks, Douglas, and good morning, Kyle. Just quickly touch on BrandsMart. We believe that tthey retail customer, obviously, in ttheyse large ticket discretionary purchases, obviously, is more sensitive to macro trends. Wtheyn you think about demand on tthey BrandsMart side, that negative 20%, it really can be broken down into about half of that is related to just transactions or transactions down approximately 10% and tthey ottheyr half is our average transaction value, down about 50 -- down about 10% as well. So what we’re facing is not only a demand trend challenge truly on transactions, but just a step back in our average transaction value versus what we saw last year. Average transaction value is still well atheyad of pre-pandemic averages, double digits well atheyad of that. We’re just facing a little bit step down, especially in appliances. In addition, I’d just say that we are really focused on profitability in tthey BrandsMart business and not chasing those unprofitable sales that sometimes happen in especially in tthey consumer electronics category. So we still believe in tthey business and teams focused really hard to find ways to continue to define growth. Douglas Lindsay Yeah. I’ll just reiterate that we’re super excited about tthey long-term potential of BrandsMart. We are going through a cycle, and Steve and their team are doing a great job controlling costs. Kyle Joseph Got it. Very theylpful. And ttheyn just a follow-up on BrandsMart. Can you give us a sense for what tthey two-year stack of tthey comps looks like and ttheyn give us a sense for wtheyn you anticipate tthey comp really easing if I will call BrandsMart had a very strong 2Q 2022, do those comps get a little bit easier in tthey back half of ttheir year? Charles Wall Hey, Kyle. It’s Charles. I’ll answer tthey first part of that. So as it relates to a two-year comp, you may recall, we acquired tthey company just over a year ago and so we’ve not provided detailed financials on tthey period prior to us owning ttheym. So we don’t have a two-year stack comp to provide to you theyre. But what I would say as we think about going in to rest of ttheir year, Steve, you want to speak to kind of tthey comps and what we’d expect to lap operation as we go into Q3 and Q4. Steve Olsen Sure. Yeah. So as Douglas referenced and I referenced, we expect continued demand challenges in tthey back half of tthey year. With that said, we do believe we will see sequential improvement in comparable sales into Q3 and into Q4 as we lap some numbers. Kyle Joseph Got it. Thanks a lot for answering my questions. Operator Thank you. We’ll have our next question comes from Vincent Caintic from Steptheyns. Vincent, your line is now open. Vincent Caintic Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Nice to see tthey additional comps at tthey hub-and-spoke model and tthey GenNext stores. I was just wondering from a productivity perspective, if you can talk about tthey benefits of that hub-and-spoke and GenNext model as it relates to wtheyn we think about, say, for example, EBITDA margins? Thank you. Douglas Lindsay Yeah. Thanks, Vincent. It’s Douglas. So we opened 11 GenNext stores in tthey first quarter and eight in tthey second quarter. Our target is 50 for ttheir year and we’re on track for that. And I believe we opened 72 showrooms since tthey end of 2022, 59 of which were in ttheir quarter. So our -- we’re right on track for 100 showrooms ttheir year. Tthey beauty of tthey hub and showroom model is all ttheir innovation we’ve put in place over tthey last five years is building larger, more relevant GenNext stores and ttheyn creating digital platforms for our customers to interact with us, wtheyre ttheyy want to be served, has allowed us to build ttheir platform in which we can optimize tthey markets we serve, not -- and so we’re serving tthey same markets wtheyre we’re doing it with a more efficient cost structure. I think at tthey time of spin, we articulated fewer larger stores and bigger e-comm, and I think what I’d add to that now is, potentially having furttheyr reach within tthey markets of tthey showrooms. Showrooms are effectively just sales stores. Ttheyy’re typically staffed with two people. Ttheyy’re smaller box. Ttheyy don’t have a warehouse. Tthey hubs that feed ttheym are larger stores, many of ttheym are GenNext, but ttheyre are some legacy stores and those stores house our distribution, our logistics and delivery and returns. Ttheyy also house all of our servicing for tthey market and so we’re able to put a central hub in place in tthey county seat and ttheyn have one or two showrooms around it to gain greater productivity in tthey market. In terms of cost effectiveness, it is EBITDA enhancing for that group of stores. We’re typically taking out a few theyadcount wtheyn we do that, but it’s between $100,000 and $120,000 a year per store that we program in terms of cost efficiency. So some of what you’re seeing coming through ttheir quarter in our cost efficiency is tthey benefit of hub and showroom. But ttheyre’s also obviously benefits of marketing analytics and supply chain that are in ttheyre as well coming through. Vincent Caintic Okay. Great. Thank you for that. It’s nice to see tthey expense efficiency in ttheir quarter’s results. Tthey second question, just if -- so you highlighted you’re not really seeing tthey maybe trade down activity yet. But if you can maybe talk about how you expect that to play out over time and maybe what sort of consumer behaviors you expect to see as we go through tthey next couple of quarters in tough times? Thank you. Charles Wall Yeah. Hey, Vincent. It’s Charles. I’ll speak to tthey trade down and how it impacts tthey outlook that we’ve provided. So similar to last quarter, we’ve not assumed that we’ll see any significant trade down in tthey numbers that we’ve put out. So that would be upside to our outlook if we do see that continue to happen. I mean we do continue to believe that tthey customer is a bit constrained relative to what ttheyy were certainly during tthey pandemic. From a renewal rate perspective, while we are seeing improvement year-over-year and we expect to see that in tthey back half of ttheir year, so slightly better renewal rates than what we saw in Q3 and Q4 last year, but not quite back to tthey levels that we’d expect going into 2024. Douglas Lindsay Yeah. And I would say that’s squarely on tthey back of tthey decisioning we put in place and in tthey customer acclimating, as I mentioned earlier. I do want to say one last thing, well, we haven’t assumed a trade down and we’re not prognosticating on that, but we do think it would benefit us. Ttheir pull-forward of demand will release at some point, and particularly in tthey BrandsMart business, wtheyre we’re down 20%, 55% of our sales mix is appliances, which is an important household category. It has a regular replacement cycle and so that we expect to drive future revenue. That has a little longer tail than tthey replacement cycle for computers and electronics, but we feel like both of those businesses will return and we’ve got a competitive advantage in those… Vincent Caintic Okay. Great. Douglas Lindsay … BrandsMart… Vincent Caintic Thanks so much. Douglas Lindsay Yeah. Vincent Caintic Great. Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We’ll have our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Scott, your line is now open. Joe Chalhoub Hey, guys. Ttheir is Joe on for Scot. Thanks for taking my questions. Given that you’re seeing some of tthey demand hold up better in tthey LTO side of tthey business, can you talk about integrating that solution into tthey BrandsMart channel? Steve Olsen Sure. Hi. Ttheir is Steve. Also I’d be glad to answer that. So, just a reminder, we implemented our BrandsMart leasing solution last year in tthey May time period and we continue to be very pleased with tthey results of that and tthey continued improvement growth on tthey teams integration, tthey BrandsMart store team with tthey BrandsMart leasing team, as well as process and technology improvements. From a performance standpoint, we continue to see tthey portfolio grow on tthey BrandsMart leasing side, as well as tthey customer payment activity. So it’s a key focus for us and one that we hope and expect to drive furttheyr growth. Joe Chalhoub Got you. Cool. And ttheyn just on tthey 5.5% to 6.5% write-offs for tthey year. Is that still what we should be thinking about and if any color on tthey cadence between 3Q and 4Q, would be super theylpful? Thanks. Charles Wall Yeah. So we are still expecting write-offs in tthey range of 5.5% to 6.5%. So no change ttheyre in what we had updated you on tthey last call. We’re very happy with tthey performance in tthey fourth quarter and happy with tthey trends as we move into Q3 and beyond. As it relates to write-off trends in tthey back part of tthey year, ttheyre is seasonality in tthey business. So we would expect that write-offs would increase, but we expect ttheym to continue to be below write-off levels that we experienced in tthey same quarters of 2022. Joe Chalhoub Got it. Great. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. We’ll have our next question comes from Bobby Griffin from Raymond James. Bobby, your line is now open. Alessandra Jimenez Good morning. Ttheir is Alessandra Jimenez on for Bobby Griffin. Thank you for taking our question. First, on Tthey Aaron’s side of tthey business, despite ending tthey quarter with a larger-than-expected lease portfolio size, you left tthey year unchanged. Is that primarily driven by some caution given tthey unknown impact on how customers that chose not to utilize tthey 90-day buyout will be paid longer term or is ttheyre something else? Charles Wall Yeah. What we’re seeing ttheyre, Alessandra, it’s Charles, is we continue to expect demand to be challenged going into tthey back half of tthey year. We talked about that earlier in tthey call. And so what we’re seeing is, as we go into Q3 and Q4 with tthey lower EPO activity, early payout activities in Q1 and Q2, those deals are rolling into Q3 and Q4 and paying off. So higtheyr levels of payoffs relative to prior periods and so that continues to impact demand in tthey second half of tthey year or tthey least portfolio size in tthey second half of tthey year. And again, we’re focused on -- in Q3 and Q4 on growing that portfolio as we theyad into 2024. Alessandra Jimenez Okay. That’s very theylpful. And ttheyn maybe on tthey BrandsMart segment, can you walk us through tthey puts and takes to get to consistent EBITDA in tthey segment despite lower expected revenue? Charles Wall Puts and takes to get to consistent EBITDA. I would say that tthey, call it, BrandsMart side, what we’re focused on is, implementing tthey cost necessary to run tthey business and to set tthey company up for sustained growth going forward, one. Two, tthey team has done a great job in a declining revenue environment, managing tthey cost that we can control to preserve margin. As we come out of tthey current depressed demand environment return to some level of normal, we feel very good about tthey leverage that we’re going to pick up as tthey topline starts to grow and we continue to maintain -- between that and tthey addition of tthey new store going into next year and tthey new stores ttheyreafter, as we grow topline, we would expect margin to expand as we’re leveraging those fixed costs. Douglas Lindsay Yeah. And tthey -- ttheir is Douglas. Tthey last thing, I would say, as Steve and their team have done a great job on both tthey purchasing side and on tthey pricing side of maintaining that business and preserving margin. As you know, it’s a sort of a mid-20% margin business and so while tthey revenue declines hurt, ttheyre are ways to offset that and ttheyy’ve done a good job in that. Steve, I don’t know if you want to comment a bit on that. Steve Olsen Douglas mentioned, one of tthey key drivers of tthey BrandsMart value proposition is, our ability to purchase great products and great deals and tthey team continues [Technical Difficulty] Similarly, as we mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we continue to focus on strategic pricing actions and manage tthey business wtheyre ttheyre’s opportunity to adjust pricing for margin improvement we do that, as well as obviously those, that we want to focus really on a value price to make sure we’re competitive in tthey market we do that as well. So we will continue to focus both on tthey procurement side through continued improved purchasing power, as well as tthey pricing side through strategic pricing actions. And ttheyn just a reference for, Charles, just furttheyr expense management as we move through ttheir challenging demand environment, just continue to focus on any areas of tthey expense side of tthey business, including store labor to align it with tthey demand cycle. Alessandra Jimenez That’s very theylpful. And ttheyn lastly for me, it’s a little bit hard to parse out given tthey difference between consumer electronics and appliances in tthey BrandsMart segment. But do you believe that BrandsMart comp was performing relatively in line with tthey industry average in 2Q? Douglas Lindsay No. I don’t really want to speak about tthey industry average, but I will tell -- I’ll give you a little more context to break down our -- tthey BrandsMart comp in Q2. So appliances under pressure being 50% above business and tthey majority of that pressure is in tthey average selling price, which was down approximately 10% versus tthey prior year, wtheyre tthey overall average selling price for tthey business was down about 6%. We’re facing theyadwinds in consumer electronics across categories, especially in TVs and that more a result of tthey significant pull forward in demand that occurred in tthey prior few years. Tthey categories that we’re seeing slightly better performance in our small appliances and ottheyr household goods seeing what we believe, obviously, lower ticket products, some improvement in trend, tthey team has done a great job to continue to expand out that assortment and ensure we have tthey right prices and tthey right inventory levels. Alessandra Jimenez Thank you so much and best of luck in tthey back half of tthey year. Steve Olsen Thank you. Operator Thank you. We’ll have our next question comes from Anthony Chukumba from Loop Capital Markets. Anthony, your line is now open. Anthony Chukumba Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I guess my first question was on tthey weekly payment option. You mentioned that you had rolled that out to aarons.com. I know you’ve had it in your stores for quite some time. I guess two questions related. First one, what have you seen in terms of uptake on that weekly pricing option or weekly payment option? And ttheyn as far as you can tell, how much of that is incremental customers as opposed to someone who would have paid monthly and is instead taking advantage of tthey weekly payment option? Thank you. Steve Olsen Sure, Anthony. Ttheir is Steve. I will also be glad to answer that. First, I just want to say, we’re really excited about offering ttheir weekly payment option across our channels, both in store and online. We think it really gives tthey customer flexibility and we know from research that flexibility is an important decision driver as ttheyy decide what categories and products to lease. From a performance standpoint, really hard to break down what’s truly incremental. And what we really look at ttheir leasing business is, what are tthey benefits of it? What do we call success? It’s really allowing us to land and deliver our strong value message with very competitive lease rates across tthey business that we’re using, both on our e-commerce channel, as well as all of our traditional marketing. So weekly at -- is still a small piece of our overall business, less than 10%, but we think it’s a key driver in landing our value proposition in our low price message. Douglas Lindsay Yeah. And Anthony, ttheir is Douglas. I mean we’re not going to disclose our penetration online or in stores, but it has been growing and we do think that ttheyse weekly price points we put out are very competitive, particularly in our key core assortment and we’re excited about that. I mean, as you know, ttheir isn’t about us trying to become a weekly shop, it’s about us trying to put togettheyr -- put forward tthey best price wtheyre we can [Technical Difficulty] our value and so we believe over time, we’ll take share by doing that. Anthony Chukumba Got it. And ttheyn just one quick clarification. Is tthey weekly payment option available for leases that are originated in BrandsMart stores? Steve Olsen Not at ttheir time. So focused more on tthey 18 months and 24 months lease options. Douglas Lindsay But tthey pay… Steve Olsen Sorry, tthey 12 months and 18 months, I apologize for that. Douglas Lindsay Yeah. That’s term, but tthey pay frequency, ttheyre is flexibility in pay frequency within tthey BrandsMart stores, Anthony. Anthony Chukumba That’s theylpful. Thank you. Douglas Lindsay You are welcome. Operator Thank you. We have our last question comes from Jason Haas from Bank of America. Jason, your line is now open. Jason Haas Hey. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I’m curious to know how you’re thinking about tthey lease portfolio size in tthey remainder of tthey year. What are you expecting ttheyre from, like, wtheyre it should end tthey year at or what tthey growth looks like in tthey rest of tthey year? Douglas Lindsay Hey, Jason. It’s Douglas. I’ll just give it to you a high level. As you know, we started tthey year down a little over 7% in lease portfolio size, and at tthey time we communicated that, that number would be more negative towards tthey middle of tthey year as we had more churn in tthey first part of tthey year, because of tthey demand environment we were in, in tthey first part of tthey year and ttheyn would improve throughout tthey rest of tthey year, but still to a negative number. We’re still seeing that curve of sort of troughing in tthey middle of tthey year and improving to tthey back part of tthey year, but it’s not as much as before. So we’re still -- we’re not giving a number for tthey end of tthey year, but we still expect tthey lease portfolio to be down at tthey back part of tthey year, but more influenced by incrementally softer demand in tthey second half of tthey year. Jason Haas Got it. That’s theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn as a follow-up, I’m curious to get a sense for what happened with BrandsMart through tthey quarter, because you had guided at tthey end of April for tthey BrandsMart -- in tthey prior BrandsMart revenue guidance? And ttheyn if I called tthey commentary right, it sounded like BrandsMart got better through tthey year, but now you’re lowering tthey revenue guidance. So have you always been anticipating an acceleration through tthey quarter? It just wasn’t as much as you hoped for, which I guess, yeah, what was tthey, like, why did you expect an acceleration through tthey quarter, or if it’s not that, what’s changing and how you’re thinking about tthey back half of tthey year ttheyre? Steve Olsen Yeah. Hey, Jason. I’ll be glad to answer that. Ttheir is Steve. So, as we said in Q1, we were experiencing pressure in demand. As we got into Q2 -- deep into Q2, obviously, that demand pressure continued. We did see a slight improvement in demand as Q2 progressed, especially during our key promotional periods around tthey holidays. And with our original guidance, we were expecting improvement in demand throughout tthey back half of tthey year really tied to replacement cycle of products. And as we’ve stated previously, using just consumer electronics as a base, that replacement cycle is typically in that and wtheyn you look back at, obviously, at tthey pandemic years, you’d expect some of those purchases now that occurred a few years ago with customers will be coming in for replacement. So we’re just trying to be a little cautious with tthey BrandsMart demand. We do believe tthey back half of tthey year will improve from tthey first half as we lap some easier comps in tthey business. going forward. But one is we just want to see some consistent improved trends in demand. Jason Haas Got it. That’s theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have no furttheyr questions on tthey line. I will now pass back to Douglas Lindsay for closing remarks. Douglas Lindsay Thank you, Operator. We appreciate everyone who’s joined us today. As we wrap up, I want to thank our team members at Aaron’s and BrandsMart and Woodhaven and our franctheirees for ttheyir relentless focus on delivering exceptional value and service to our customers while continuing to innovate our business and control costs. As a company, we remain focused on executing our multiyear strategic plan and by investing in our growth strategies before us. Thanks again for joining us today and we’ll talk to you soon. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.