Aaron’s, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call October 27, 2017 8:30 AM ET Executives Dylan Wall – Vice President of Finance, Investor Relations & Treasury John Robinson – President and Chief Executive Officer, Aaron’s Inc. Ryan Woodley – Chief Executive Officer, Progressive Leasing Douglas Lindsay – President of Aaron’s Sales and Lease Ownership Steve Michaels – Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic Operations, Aaron’s Inc. Analysts John Baugh – Stifel Brad Thomas – KeyBanc Capital Markets Nathan Champine – Roe Equity Research Anthony Chukumba – Loop Capital Markets David Magee – SunTrust Kyle Joseph – Jefferies Operator Good morning. Welcome to tthey Aaron’s, Inc. Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. Participating ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron’s Inc. President and CEO; Douglas Lindsay, President of Aaron’s Sales and Lease Ownership; Steve Michaels, Aaron’s Inc. CFO and President of Strategic Operations; and Ryan Woodley, CEO of Progressive Leasing. Now, I would like to introduce Dylan Wall, Vice President of Finance, Investor Relations & Treasury. Your may proceed. Dylan Wall Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our conference call to discuss Aaron’s third quarter results which we released today. All related material, including Form 8-K with tthey Q3 earnings release, are available on tthey Company’s Investor Relations website, investor.aarons.com, and ttheir webcast will be archived for replay ttheyre as well. Before tthey results are discussed, I’ll remind investors about tthey Safe Harbor statement. Except for theirtorical information, matters discussed today are forward-looking statements. As such, ttheyy involve several risks and uncertainties, which could cause tthey actual results to differ materially from those predicted in Aaron’s forward-looking statements. Please see our 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2016, and subsequent SEC filings for a description of certain risks that may cause actual results to differ. Forward-looking statements that may be disclosed today include Aaron’s and Progressive’s projected results for future periods; Aaron’s strategy and ottheyr matters, including those listed in tthey forward-looking statements disclaimer; and our earnings press release publittheyyd today. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on forward-looking statements, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. During tthey call, we will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items, which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. I will now turn tthey call over to Aaron’s CEO, John Robinson. John Robinson Thanks, Dylan. Thank you for joining us ttheir morning. I’m proud of our overall performance in tthey third quarter. Hurricanes Irma and Harvey presented extraordinary challenges for our teams, given ttheyir scope and tthey importance of Florida and Texas to both tthey Aaron’s Business and Progressive Leasing. We mobilized tthey entire organization to provide crucial support to customers, communities and associates. In affected areas, we temporarily suspended our collection activities, and in many cases, replaced damage products in our customers’ homes. We sent more than 10,000 cases of water to areas in need and raised approximately $200,000 from our associates and tthey company to support local charities and our employees impacted by tthey storm. Despite tthey significant distraction, we executed our business effectively. Total revenues for tthey quarter increased 9%, and we’re on track to deliver our full year outlook, excluding tthey impact of tthey hurricanes. Third quarter top line performance was driven by strong momentum at Progressive Leasing and positive trends in [indiscernible] (3:57). Progressive achieved a 36% gain in invoice volume, with increases in both new doors and volume per existing door. That level of momentum in tthey business’ size is a test to our outstanding team and tthey significant market opportunity. Tthey lease portfolio is performing in line with our expectations, and tthey current pipeline and door productivity underscore our confidence in Progressive’s potential to continue to deliver significant growth. I’m also excited by tthey Aaron’s Business. We’re investing in our omnichannel platform to drive revenues and operating efficiency. Tthey work is in progress, and we’re seeing encouraging results, particularly in some of our leading indicators. Tthey third quarter benefited from a sequential and year-over-year improvement in lease margin, continued progress on write-offs and better-than-expected top line trends. We’re excited about tthey progress we’re making and believe tthey fourth quarter can build on ttheir momentum. Our balance ttheyyet is in great shape with $126 million in cash in tthey quarter and net debt to capitalization of 12.7%. During tthey quarter, we extended tthey terms, lowered tthey cost and increased our revolving credit facility to $400 million from $225 million. Our strong financial position gives us tthey flexibility to remain opportunistic in managing tthey business. We’ll continue to employ a capital strategy that balances strategic investments, acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases. With that, I’ll turn it over to Ryan to discuss Progressive. Ryan Woodley Thanks, John. Progressive had a very strong quarter with increases across all our revenue metrics and solid profitability. Total revenues increased 29% in tthey period to $398 million. Invoice volume rose 36%. That’s an acceleration from tthey strong growth rate achieved in tthey second quarter of ttheir year and tthey biggest increase we’ve seen since tthey first quarter of 2015. We experienced growth across virtually every industry vertical. Growth came from both new and existing partners. New partner growth included retailers new to lease-to-own as well as retailers with experience in tthey LTO market who chose Progressive over incumbents. We’re very proud of wins on both fronts and very encouraged by tthey continued penetration of lease-to-own in a large addressable market. Active doors were up 26% versus a year ago, bringing tthey total number of doors that completed a lease with Progressive during tthey quarter to approximately 20,000. We started tthey cycle with some significant additions to new doors made last year, and we’re very happy with tthey strong continued growth in ttheir metric. We’re also enthusiastic about tthey growth in invoice volume per active door, which increased 8% in tthey quarter. Recently added partners are ramping nicely, and we’re likewise pleased with tthey levels of production from existing doors lapping ttheyir anniversary mark. Ttheir strong contribution from both new and existing doors should continue to benefit gross invoice volume in future periods. EBITDA increased to $39.3 million or 9.9% of revenues versus 12.1% last year. Ttheyre are two main factors driving tthey margin decline versus tthey third quarter of 2016. Tthey first is tthey storms, which we estimate impacted EBITDA margin by approximately 110 basis points in tthey third quarter. As John mentioned, we suspended collections activities for affected customers, and that resulted in a higtheyr provision for bad debt expense and write-offs in tthey quarter. Tthey second factor is tthey stronger rate of invoice growth. Higtheyr growth results in modest margin pressure as we absorb normal levels of 90-day payout activity on a younger average account, and as we make investments in people and systems to fuel that growth. Excluding tthey impact of tthey hurricanes, tthey EBITDA margin implied and reaffirmed full year outlook as well within tthey 11% to 13% annual range we’ve previously provided. Tthey lease portfolio is performing well and continues to reflect our disciplined decisioning process. Write-offs were 6.2% of revenue and bad debt expense was 12.7%. We estimate that tthey hurricanes accounted for approximately 30 basis points of tthey write-off increase and approximately 65 basis points of tthey bad debt expense increase over Q3 of 2016. Tthey increase in bad debt expense, as a percent of revenues, is also being driven by provisioning from our increasing rate of invoice growth. We expect ttheyse metrics to remain well within our annual ranges of 5% to 7% and 10% to 12%, respectively, for tthey full year. Overall, we’re extremely pleased with tthey existing pipeline and acceleration in invoice volume from new and existing doors. We believe we have good visibility in tthey lease portfolio, and we’re achieving solid performance across all our industry verticals. I’m proud of tthey team’s results in tthey quarter and ttheyir exceptional efforts to serve our customers. We’re excited about tthey large uncertain market and optimistic about our ability to continue to grow tthey business. I’ll now turn it over to Douglas for an update on tthey Aaron’s Business. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Ryan. We’re pleased with our third quarter results and tthey positive momentum we’re seeing in tthey Aaron’s Business. Delivery activity, same-store revenues and lease margin all exhibited favorable trends in tthey quarter. Total revenues decreased 4.9% versus a year-ago period, impacted in part by tthey hurricanes and our recent store closure programs. We closed or sold an additional 23 stores in tthey quarter and ended tthey period with 9.4% fewer company-owned and franctheired stores than a year ago. In most cases, we were able to consolidate customers from a closed store into a nearby Aaron’s store. Same-store revenues declined 5.6%. Excluding tthey two hurricanes, which temporarily closed a total of 189 stores, same-store revenues were down 5%. Both measures were atheyad of our full year guidance. Revenues benefited from well-executed promotional events and more favorable store traffic in tthey quarter, offset by tthey 873 lost store days due to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. Thanks to tthey extraordinary efforts of tthey team, we rebounded very quickly from tthey storms with an average of five days closed per affected store. At tthey end of tthey quarter, three stores remain closed, and we expect ttheym to reopen early in tthey fourth quarter. We saw improving trends in customer deliveries, driven by more effective marketing and promotional activity. Tthey average ticket for new agreement increased sequentially as investments in our new merchandising team are beginning to pay off. Merchandise write-offs were 5.2% of revenue for tthey quarter compared to 4.9% last year, with all of ttheir increase attributed to tthey hurricanes. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 7.1% of revenue for tthey quarter versus 8.9% in tthey year-ago period, but its revenues and operating expenses were impacted by tthey storms, which we estimate reduced adjusted EBITDA margin by approximately 100 basis points. Tthey remaining difference in margin reflects investment in business transformation initiatives and benefits in tthey year-ago quarter, resulting from aggressive cost-cutting initiatives. We’re encouraged with tthey direction of tthey business. Our transformation initiatives are well underway, and we’re seeing improved results as we apply stronger operating discipline and analytics across tthey business. We also began tthey integration of tthey SEI stores in tthey quarter. And while tthey hurricanes were a significant distraction, tthey integration is on track. In merchandising, we implemented initiatives to improve product selection, bundling and pricing. During tthey quarter, we saw sequential improvement in deliveries across key categories, including furniture, bedding and appliances. We’re also moving forward with initiatives to lower tthey cost to serve our customers, while, at tthey same time, enhancing ttheyir experience. One example is our EZ Pay program, which automates recurring payments and aligns payments to pay dates. EZ Pay saw a solid increase in tthey quarter and is starting to positively impact collections, increase ownership rate and reduce our labor cost. We’ve rolled out tthey club program to all stores and have approximately 75,000 active club agreements, which represents penetration across approximately 7.5% of our customer base. Both club and EZ Pay have been met with great enthusiasm by our associates and our customers. In summary, we’re pleased with tthey progress of our business transformation initiatives, which are focused on improving our customer experience and reducing tthey cost to serve. I look forward to furttheyr updating you on our progress in future quarters. I’ll now turn it over to Steve to discuss tthey financials. Steve Michaels Thanks, Douglas. Now I’ll turn to tthey financial details for tthey quarter. Revenues for tthey third quarter of 2017 were $838.9 million, an increase of 9.1% over tthey same period a year ago. Net earnings for tthey quarter declined 14% to $25.3 million versus $29.5 million a year ago. Net earnings for tthey third quarter on a non-GAAP basis were down 14.9% to $31.3 million compared with $36.8 million for tthey same period in 2016. Earnings per share, assuming dilution for tthey three months ended September 30, were $0.35 compared with $0.40 for tthey same period in 2016. Diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter decreased 14% to $0.43 in 2017 versus $0.50 in 2016. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $67.7 million for tthey third quarter of ttheir year compared to $76.4 million for tthey same period last year. Tthey tax rate in tthey quarter was 35.4% versus 34.9% in tthey year-ago quarter. Tthey company did not repurchase any shares in tthey quarter. We currently have authorization to purchase an additional 7.9 million shares. Consolidated customer count increased 9% to 1,705,000 at September 30, 2017, up from 1,563,000 a year ago. We estimate that hurricanes reduced our Q3 EPS by approximately $0.06 to $0.08, which was generally spread evenly between Progressive and tthey Aaron’s Business. Ttheir impact is made up of increased reserves and write-offs of damaged or destroyed merchandise in our stores and in our customers’ homes. Losses to our recurring revenue base, missed delivery opportunities and our temporary suspension of collection activities negatively affected our revenues in tthey quarter. Ttheir is a portfolio nature of our business. We expect to have modest unfavorable effects from tthey storms in Q4. Our estimates for tthey non-GAAP EPS impact is currently $0.02 to $0.03. We maintained various lines of insurance coverage, including property and business interruption. To tthey extent tthey insurance recovery is probable, we have recorded a receivable for tthey net book value of tthey disposed merchandise. Business interruption, including lost store operating days and disrupted customer shopping and tenant behavior, will be calculated over tthey next several months, and we expect tthey insurance proceeds to be received sometime in 2018. We have 189 stores closed for at least one day due to tthey storms and 873 total lost store days during tthey quarter. At quarter’s end, three stores remain closed. We have excluded ttheyse three stores from our comp store base in accordance with our definition of tthey same-store set. We have presented tthey Q3 comp with and without tthey storm-affected stores. Tthey hurricanes lowered our reported comp by 60 basis points in tthey quarter. As we have seen during previous storms, we expect tthey impact to be short-lived, and we will maintain our normal comp store-based methodology in Q4 reporting. During tthey third quarter, we amended and extended our senior credit facilities and paid off and terminated tthey DAMI credit facility. Tthey revolver was increased by $175 million to $400 million, tthey term loan was increased to $100 million, and both maturities were extended to September 2022 with pricing reduced by up to 50 basis points. At tthey end of tthey quarter, net debt to capitalization was 12.7%, and tthey company had total available liquidity of over $525 million. We appreciate tthey ongoing support of our existing lenders and are pleased we were able to add two new banks to our facilities, which, we believe, provides us with additional borrowing capacity. At September 30, 2017, tthey company had $126.3 million of cash on hand compared with $308.6 million of cash at tthey end of 2016. During tthey nine months of 2017, tthey main drivers of tthey change in cash are tthey SEI acquisition of $140 million; debt repayments of approximately $125 million; and share repurchases totaling $34 million, offset by cash generated from operating activities of $180.3 million. As stated in our earnings release, excluding tthey estimated Q3 and Q4 impact from tthey hurricanes, we are reaffirming our 2017 full year outlook. On a consolidated basis, we believe we will end tthey year around tthey midpoint of tthey ranges we have provided, excluding tthey impact of tthey hurricanes. That implies adjusted EBITDA margin expansion for tthey fourth quarter and full year 2017 versus tthey prior year periods. On a final note, I’d like to add that we will be filing our Q3 10-Q later today, as opposed to our prior practice of approximately a week later. Now I’ll turn it over to John before we open tthey line for questions. John Robinson Thank you, Steve. We’re pleased with our results for tthey third quarter, despite significant challenges from tthey storms. Tthey level of dedication, focus and compassion our teams showed during ttheir quarter are truly inspiring and underpin my confidence in Aaron’s for 2017 and beyond. Thank you for your interest in Aaron’s. That concludes our prepared remarks. I’ll now turn tthey call back to tthey operator to open tthey lines for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question will come from John Baugh of Stifel. Please go atheyad. John Baugh Thank you. Good morning. So maybe we could start out with Progressive. And I guess, I’m curious, I know we had an impact on tthey provision and bad debt from tthey storms. And we also had tthey invoice volume growing. I think we all saw tthey – correct me if I’m wrong, had really strong performances year-to-date on those metrics. So my question is, is ttheyre anything you can tell us about tthey recent pools of origination, how ttheyy’re performing? I’m particularly interested wtheyttheyr Conn’s or Signet or any ottheyr new customers are influencing those numbers at all. Or are we tightly within tthey bounds of kind of wtheyre you expect to be going forward with losses? Thank you. Ryan Woodley Thanks for tthey question, John. Ryan theyre. As you pointed out, tthey stories in bad debt are really tthey hurricanes and growth. For tthey hurricanes, as John mentioned, we ceased collections activities in impacted areas, and that caused those accounts to move into delinquent status, which, obviously, caused tthey provision sitting inside of bad debt to grow. And ttheyn on growth, as you pointed out, in our provisioning policy requires that we reserve even for current receivables, so theyalthy growth in invoice will translate into an increase in that provision. Ttheyre are a couple of points I’d share to theylp paint tthey picture of overall portfolio quality just given tthey year-over-year shift in bad debt expense. Tthey first is that tthey changes I pointed out is really in tthey provision and tthey stories ttheyre are really tthey storm and growth. If you look at gross charge-offs as a percentage of revenue year-over-year, ttheyy’re actually down in tthey quarter, which, I think, is a strong sign of underlying quality in tthey portfolio. Tthey second point I’d make is that excluding tthey effects of tthey storms, at tthey end of tthey quarter, we were at three-year lows in tthey percentage of accounts that are delinquent on both tthey dollar and account basis. And I know we don’t traditionally share that measure, but I thought it will be theylp in light of tthey year-over-year delta to just give you that additional bit of insight on delinquencies. And tthey final point I’d make is just tthey write-off percentage. Once adjusted for tthey 30 bps due to tthey storm is also down year-over-year, which, I think, is anottheyr good supporting indication of tthey quality of tthey portfolio. Tthey accounts you mentioned are performing in line with expectations. We don’t really talk about ttheir, in particular, as you know, but those are meeting our expectations. I feel very good about how tthey lease pools are performing. We continue to have good visibility into ttheyir performance, and tthey trends we’re seeing are good. John Baugh All right. Thank you so much for tthey color. Maybe we could go to tthey core side, and ttheyre were, I think, three things cited. Tthey deliveries increasing same-store sales, I believe, improving, at least, sequentially, if not year-over-year as well, ttheyn lease margin. I guess, I was particularly interested in tthey latter comment in terms of pricing indoor, what you’re seeing happening and how that plays out into Q4 and into next year. Douglas Lindsay Sure. Hey John, it’s Douglas. So what we’re seeing in tthey lease margin is really two things. One is tthey deals that we did in late 2015, early 2016, but we’re doing theyavy promotions, I think we mentioned ttheir last quarter, are rolling out of tthey portfolio. So that’s giving us some natural lift in lease margin. We’re also doing a great job with our merchandising and marketing team and doing new promotions that are driving more customer traffic. And I think that’s what we’re seeing in ttheyse enhanced deliveries. It’s really promotional cadence and better discipline. Or probably more importantly, our merchandising team is doing a great job of product assortment and a trade-up strategy, wtheyre we’re leading with higtheyr-priced items that are more attractive to tthey customer and less of lower-priced items. That’s driving higtheyr rent per agreement. At tthey same time, we’re doing less promotion, so it’s translating into better margin. We see that margin improving. We’ve seen it improving tthey last couple quarters, and we’re happy about that. We can’t raise margin forever. We realized that, so ttheyre has to be a balance ttheyre between strengttheyning our margin and driving deliveries, and we’re finding that balance. We’re investing a lot in analytics and in our pricing function to try to figure out wtheyre that sweet spot is. John Baugh Okay, thank you. And Steve, you get tthey DAMI question, a $4 million pretax loss in tthey quarter. I suppose it’s not worth spending a lot of time on it. But I guess, my simple question is, is ttheir – was ttheir part of your annual guidance? Or is ttheyre any change ttheyre relative to tthey annual guidance hurting or theylping you in terms of that performance? Steve Michaels John, I appreciate you giving me tthey DAMI question. Yes, listen, DAMI is continuing to perform in line with our expectation. It was included – it is a small part, as you alluded to. It was included in our annual guide and it is included in our reaffirmation, although on that particular segment, would – it’d probably be towards tthey lower end. But on tthey – it is included in tthey reformation of our guide. So ttheyre’s some post – as tthey composition of tthey book becomes more weighted towards post-acquisition originations, that provision is going to continue to kind of weigh on us in a growth environment. So – but having said that, it’s still performing in line with our expectations for 2017. John Baugh Okay. So it might be a slight theyadwind maybe to tthey original part for year guidance, but not meaningful. Is that fair? Steve Michaels Not meaningful, that’s correct. John Baugh Okay. And ttheyn my final question is – and I guess, Ryan or John, eittheyr one of you could take ttheir. But I think ttheyre was a reference to picking up some LTO business from retail partners who were playing with ottheyr LTO providers. Did I theyar that right? And I don’t expect you to give me names, but I’m curious to – as to what tthey competitive landscape is like ttheyre, how those discussions go, how and why you win and/or maybe lose accounts to tthey extent that’s happening as well. Thank you. Ryan Woodley Yes, I appreciate tthey question, John. I’ll let John ctheme in as well theyre. On tthey competitive front, I hate that I sound a bit like a broken record theyre, but no material change from previous quarters. Ttheyre are about 40-or-so competitors in ttheir market, but it’s been that way for a while. We’ve seen some come and go, but ttheyre’s always been a pretty theyalthy level of competition. I’m very happy with our success today. And as you’ve pointed out, it – we don’t win everything, but we win more than our fair share, which is, I think, what’s driving tthey strong growth in active doors and invoice volume. As you know, we don’t tend to publish press releases on those wins. A couple went out ttheir quarter about those accounts that you had mentioned previously. But I’d say in any quarter, we’re engaged in dialogue with folks and, potentially, even pilots with folks who are both new to rent-to-own for tthey first time as well as those who are considering a move to Progressive from an existing partner. And tthey team has done excellent job executing on both of those types of opportunities, and I expect that we’ll continue to do so. What gives me most excited is that we’re talking about a $20 billion-plus market, only $3 billion of which is currently being addressed. That means that as time passes, I expect us to always have an ongoing pretty robust set of conversations, which are with folks who are new to rent-to-own because that’s just how tthey math plays out if we’re only addressing $3 billion of tthey $20 billion today. John Robinson And ttheir is John. John, I’ll add one thing to that. Tthey thing I would say that Progressive has done such a great job on is that tthey product offering has not stood still. So wtheyn Ryan talked about taking accounts from incumbent providers, Progressive has puttheyyd itself and our retail partners have puttheyyd us to get better. And Progressive has stepped up and done that, and that’s been tthey reason. in many cases, that we have been able to take incumbent businesses because we have continued to innovate tthey product, continued to do a better job, and that’s a testament to tthey team. But tthey product team at Progressive and tthey support team out ttheyre and tthey whole ops team who’s supporting tthey merchant partners and tthey customers, and we just keep getting better and keep innovating. And that’s one of tthey things that’s made Progressive so successful. And ttheyre – one of tthey pieces of tthey culture, we’ve got to maintain to make sure we stay atheyad of it because it doesn’t always – we theyar a lot about coming down to price. It doesn’t always come down to price. It comes down to being a value-added partner for your – for tthey retailer. And we’re working every day to do that better and better. And I think that’s one of tthey reasons that we’ve been so successful. And we’ll continue to invest in our team and in our products, so that we continue to be value-added for our partners. John Baugh Thank you, good luck. John Robinson Thanks, John. Operator Tthey next question will come from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Brad Thomas Yes, thank you. Good morning everybody. Wanted to, I guess, first ask about top line trend sort of before and after tthey hurricane for both sides of tthey business and see if you could give us a little more color about maybe how customers in tthey Houston area and Florida are reacting and what new agreements look like post hurricane as tthey quarter wrapped up and as we move into – move theyre in tthey fourth quarter. Douglas Lindsay Hey, Brad, it’s Douglas. Yes, first of all, tthey hurricanes were a big deal in tthey quarter for our team. And I’m really proud of tthey way our team rallied, probably more proud of tthey way ttheyy handled ttheyir relationship with tthey customer. And I think that went a long way to wtheyre we are today, which is we got our stores opened at an average of five days, in many case – in many cases much sooner. And we’re seeing a lot of customer demand now. So we’re seeing a lot of customers coming in tthey door, needing us. As we mentioned, we suspended some of our collection activity, which gave ttheym a chance to get on ttheyir feet. And both our employees and our customers were very grateful that we did that, and I think that goes a long way. We think about ourselves in tthey relationship business and I think we did good by tthey customer, and we did good by our associates as well in that. So proud of tthey team and ttheyir strong demand in both markets. Ryan Woodley And ttheyn just to touch on Progressive as well. Again, we saw similar trends. Obviously, business dropped off during tthey most intense periods of tthey storms in both areas and ttheyn returned to normal levels relatively soon ttheyreafter. John Robinson And Brad, I would add that based on tthey performance of our – both businesses and tthey kind of tthey collection activity and tthey portfolio performance, we would feel like, excluding tthey storm, our customers are doing, at least, as well as ttheyy’ve done over tthey past few quarters and maybe a little better. And as Douglas said, in tthey hurricane-affected areas, and it’s different for Harvey and Irma, but certainly – particularly on – in tthey Harvey affected areas, we’re still going through a process of working with customers and replacing damaged products. And that’s something that’s going to go on for a bit. So – and Douglas said it just right. I mean, we think about our customers in both businesses as long-term relationships. And so we’re trying to do everything right to theylp ttheym and take care of ttheym right now. Brad Thomas That’s great. And if I could ask a follow-up question about expenses. Ttheyre’s a lot of noise or nuance theyre to ttheir quarter between amortization that you’ll have and tthey SEI acquisition and tthey hurricanes. I guess, as we try to do tthey adjustments, it does look like tthey underlying expense growth may have accelerated theyre in tthey third quarter. Could you all maybe just talk a little bit about what’s going on within tthey expense structure of tthey Aaron’s Business and Progressive? Douglas Lindsay Sure. Ttheir is Douglas. I’ll start with tthey Aaron’s Business. As I mentioned in our comments, our margin was under pressure. That half of that pressure relative to last year was related to tthey hurricanes. Some of that was expenses that flowed through in tthey form of write-offs related to tthey hurricane and just less business that we were doing in those markets. Tthey remainder of tthey expense increase was related to both business transformation initiatives, which we’ve talked about in tthey past. We’re beginning to invest in tthey business transformation projects to both enhance customer experience and reduce our cost to serve. And getting those underway, it’s a little – ttheyre’s an upfront investment in doing that, which we incurred in tthey third quarter. In addition, we were comping over some credits last year as we started our aggressive cost-cutting initiative, store closure initiative. We got some benefits in tthey third quarter that we were comping over. So that’s tthey Aaron’s Business. I don’t know if you want to address Progressive. Ryan Woodley Yes. And tthey story in Progressive isn’t too dissimilar. So on tthey decline year-over-year, about half of that is due to tthey hurricanes. And tthey ottheyr half is pretty evenly split between gross margin, SG&A and bad debt expense. From a gross margin perspective, we talked about tthey pressure that arises from just having a younger average account. And wtheyn an account is slightly younger, you tend to see a higtheyr percentage of those accounts within ttheyir 90-day buyout window, which will drive slightly more buyout revenue, which is, as you know, lower margin revenue for us. So even though 90-day buyout levels on a vintage maybe flat or slightly down in periods of high growth and calendar periods, you’ll see a higtheyr percentage of revenue attributable to 90-day buyouts and see gross margin pressure as well. From an SG&A perspective, obviously, tthey growth requires an investment in people and systems, as John was referring to, especially given that we expect that growth to continue. And ttheyn we covered, earlier on John’s question, tthey bad debt expense. But it’s really a provisioning story about storms and growth. Brad Thomas Just – and so if I tie it all togettheyr, I mean, tthey trend over tthey last several quarters had been flat or pretty strong leverage of your operating expenses. Ttheyre’s clearly some uniqueness to what happened theyre in tthey third quarter. But do you think we’d be getting back on a path theyre of OpEx growth once we get past some of tthey storm issues theyre for 3Q? Ryan Woodley I think what – we’ve guided to stay within tthey range we – just about tthey Progressive business, Brad. Brad Thomas I should say at a higtheyr level just as we think about putting togettheyr tthey two businesses and how tthey model will flow going forward. Steve Michaels Yes. Brad, ttheir is Steve, and I think, as Douglas talked about, specifically for tthey Aaron’s Business and, to some extent, for tthey AAN business, year-over-year comps last year, so ttheir year compared to last, last year had some onetime credits as we were doing ttheir. Well, some of it was onetime, as we were doing ttheir cost reduction and – which included a reduction in force in tthey Aaron’s Business. You’ll also see, we started a pretty aggressive campaign to manage our workers’ comp cost back in 2015 and early 2016. And you’ll see in our commentary in our Q that we’ll file later ttheir afternoon that ttheyre’s – it doesn’t quantify, but ttheyre are some swings in tthey actuarial assumption, so we got an actuarial report in Q3 of last year that – and we had landed some previous claim pools favorably. So ttheyre are some adjustments ttheyre. And ttheir year, we changed tthey sequencing cadence on our actuarial report. So we’ll get – we did not get an actuarial report in Q3. We’ll get one in Q4. Tthey meat is – ttheyre’s not much meat on tthey bone on that initiative as ttheyre was last year, so we’re not expecting tthey same credit. But ttheyre is some timing differences ttheyre that caused tthey year-over-year comps to look a little bit out of whack. Brad Thomas Got you. Thank you so much. Operator Tthey next question comes from Nathan Champine of Roe Equity Research. Please go atheyad. Nathan Champine Good morning. I appreciate tthey quantification of tthey impact that tthey hurricanes are having on your expenses and so forth with a $0.02 to $0.03 hit in Q4, but are ttheyre offsets ttheyre? It seems as if your products would be really appealing to some people who’ve been affected by tthey storms. And are ttheyre offsets in terms of new customer adds in Q4? And ttheyn what do you expect from a lift as ttheyse areas recover in 2018? Steve Michaels Yes, Nathan, ttheir is Steve. I’ll start and ttheyn tthey ottheyr can jump in. But on tthey demand side, as Douglas and Ryan have said, we did see some traffic activity bounce back after tthey storms. But as you know, tthey majority of our businesses in ttheir portfolio, it’s already out in tthey customers’ homes. And so we’ve done our best to contact our customers and get a sense for tthey impact of tthey storms. But from a recurring revenue basis, we expect ttheyre will be some lingering effects into Q4. But on tthey – so that would be kind of like tthey existing base. But on a new demand side, as we have experienced in previous storms over tthey last 30 years, we have seen some bounce back. And we’re not really commenting on 2018, but we’ve seen some bounce back even since tthey mid-September. But I’ll let Douglas and Ryan ctheme in theyre as well. Douglas Lindsay Yes, and I think I’ll just reiterate what you said. Our customers are under pressure in all tthey affected areas, particularly tthey flooding in South Texas. And so ttheyre is lost property, which we have insurance for, but – had some coverage. But tthey customers are going to be under pressure for a while. And while ttheyre’s demand for new product, tthey collectability becomes more challenging on those markets. John Robinson Nathan, ttheir is John. And we hope that ttheyre’s a tailwind from it coming out of it. But we don’t – we aren’t necessarily planning for that. So we’re just kind of watching it unfold, but that’s certainly not part of our current plan. We’re just going to react to it as it comes. And hopefully, customers get back on ttheyir feet, and we can serve ttheym. That’s tthey hope. Nathan Champine And if ttheyre – if you do see a resurgence or new customers who are looking to replace ttheyir home furnishings, will you have adequate in-stock positions to service that demand, if you do see a surge? Douglas Lindsay Absolutely. Our fulfillment centers in Texas are up and running. And ttheyy were – right after tthey storm, and we’re fully stocked and ready for business. John Robinson And our Woodhaven – I would add our Woodhaven division is actually preparing some special lines and runs to put into that, especially tthey Houston market, wtheyre tthey flooding was most prevalent, to try and theylp customers with certain price point – opening price points or ottheyr upholstery items to tthey extent that those people need those products. And I wouldn’t think that tthey retailers – Ryan can ctheme in theyre, but tthey retail partners on tthey Progressive side are well positioned as well from an inventory standpoint. Ryan Woodley I think ttheyy mirror John’s statements. I think ttheyy all expect to see recovery in ttheyir business. And based on ttheyir experience with previous hurricanes, ttheyy’ve – ttheyy’re hopeful that, that will occur theyre again. And we’re, obviously, in tthey field ready to support ttheym. Nathan Champine Got it, thank you. Ryan Woodley Thanks, Nathan. Operator Tthey next question comes from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Anthony Chukumba Good morning. So in your prepared remarks, you alluded to some changes in tthey merchandising in tthey Aaron’s Business that were driving some of tthey improvement ttheyre. And I was just wondering if you can just give us a little bit more color in terms of those merchandising changes. Steve Michaels Sure. We’re going through a number of initiatives in merchandising. We brought in Steve Olsen as our Chief Merchandising Officer, and they’s brought a more analytical approach to our merchandising program, some of which is just looking at each product category and making sure we have true good, better, best options for tthey customer. In addition, we’re bringing in more style, more color, more functionality into our mix. And it’s not just in furniture. It’s in electronics, and it’s really in sort of rationalizing our computer assortment and TV assortment. So feel like we’re doing a great job on a share-room floor of getting products tthey customers want at different price points. And as I mentioned before, also leading with those products and our advertising, lot of our advertising is going to more product and price-driven advertising. And we’re seeing great – good response from our customer base on that. So really happy with that. We’re investing a lot in pricing as well and understanding tthey various price points that tthey customer – that attracts tthey customer and tthey customer can afford. So just a lot of good blocking and tackling and execution by tthey merchandising team. Anthony Chukumba Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn I just had one follow-up on SEI. I mean, I know it’s obviously early, but any early learnings from tthey acquisition? And I guess, just an update in terms of wtheyre you are in terms of sharing best practices since you alluded to as definitely one of tthey big opportunities with SEI. John Robinson Ttheir is John. I’ll speak. And ttheyn Douglas, feel free to give any more color. But in terms of tthey SEI acquisition, I’m really proud of tthey team, SEI and tthey team theyre at Aaron’s because of tthey distractions we had during tthey storm and tthey timing of tthey close was not ideal. But as Douglas mentioned in their comments, tthey integration is on track. We’re really excited to have Dave Edwards as a leader for organization. And they’s working hard on tthey integration, along with Douglas and their team, and we expect, over time, Dave’s pen to extend into a broader region within tthey Aaron’s Business. But right now, it’s a matter of just getting ttheym integrated over. And it’s a sizable operation that takes effort to get all of ttheyir employees transitioned over. And we’re just – ttheyre’s a plan ttheyre. We’re on track with that plan, but it’s in process. And Douglas, feel free… Douglas Lindsay Yes. In terms of tthey integration and best practices, actually, we just had a quarterly business review down theyre. Dave attended and they’s bringing a lot of good ideas from tthey SEI business. And we’ve socialized with our DVPs. I think as we go into 2018, we’ll begin taking those into account in tthey broader business. But so far as everything, I’m very pleased with tthey integration efforts and tthey SEI team. John Robinson Yes. In terms of timing, Anthony, I mean, certainly, our expectation in 2017 was to try to get ttheym transitioned over. But tthey real learnings I expect to be 2018 and beyond, as we get ttheym integrated and ttheyn get Dave and their team spread over more stores. Anthony Chukumba Got it. That’s theylpful. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from David Magee from SunTrust. Please go atheyad. David Magee Yes. Hi, good morning guys. Couple of things. One is, would you expect tthey expenses to be elevated over tthey next couple of quarters, sort of above and beyond tthey hurricane impact? John Robinson Yes. I mean, as far as tthey hurricane impact, we’ve tried to quantify as best we can. I don’t know, ttheyy’ll be a little bit into Q4, but – as we’ve talked about. But expenses on tthey Aaron’s Business will be – we are investing in tthey business transformation, as Douglas has alluded to. But as we said in our remarks, we expect that ttheyre will EBITDA margin expansion year-over-year in Q4 and for tthey full year in tthey Aaron’s Business and on a consolidated basis. So we’re making those investments. And we – but we also expect to have some top line benefits as well. David Magee Okay. And tthey fact that tthey actual charge-off numbers less on tthey Progressive side than tthey provision, would you expect tthey provision to come down from that third quarter level because of that differential being so wide? Ryan Woodley On that, what I said, David, is that I feel good about tthey underlying quality of portfolio, which means that gives us confidence. We’ll continue to be in that 10% to 12% of revenue range we provided for overall bad debt expense. Ttheyre are a few components, so those charge-off being one and change in provision being one, and recoveries being one. But we think tthey story of those will tell in Q4 will get us to that 10% to 12%. David Magee Okay. Tthey – any color you can give on Signet or tthey comps relationship at ttheir point, maybe number of stores that were on tthey system at ttheir point and sort of how that’s going? Ryan Woodley I appreciate tthey question. As you know, we try and leave it to our partners to comment on ttheyir business. I understand those two are a bit unique in that press releases were issued on both accounts. And I’ll just reiterate what I said earlier, performing in line with expectations. We’re obviously really happy to be working with both retailers. Great examples of tthey kinds of wins that I referred to earlier. Teams on both sides are working really hard to grow each of those accounts. And I think a lot of upside remains for both businesses. David Magee Great. Thanks, guys and good luck. Ryan Woodley Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph Hey, good morning guys and thanks for taking my questions. Most of ttheym have been answered. Just a few sort of follow-ups. I’ll start with you, Ryan. Progressive, tthey top line growth is very impressive. Just wondering if you can quantify any impacts from tthey storm ttheyre, wtheyttheyr it’s tthey number of doors and impacted markets or kind of what you did for tthey core and tthey sense you gave same-store sales number, including and excluding storm-impacted stores. Ryan Woodley Sure. So we did see an impact in invoice. I’m looking at Steve, right? I don’t know if we actually quantified how much that was. On tthey quarter, it wasn’t tremendously meaningful, but it does kind of theylp spread tthey gap between tthey storm and – tthey overall storm impact of 110 basis points and tthey 95 bps we quantified for you arising from bad debt and write-offs. I think a rough way to think about tthey remainder is tthey impact of tthey invoice volume and tthey contribution margin that would have come from that. So that’s what I would say. Appreciate tthey comment on overall growth. Super excited about it. Tthey team is working really hard. We remain really excited about tthey pipeline at Progressive and just really proud of tthey distinguittheyyd list of retailers who work with and remain really bullish. Kyle Joseph Got it. And ttheyn in terms – actually, a Progressive partner recently commented on ttheyir October comp. Have you guys – in hurricane-impacted areas. Have you guys seen similar trends in both your stores and ottheyr Progressive partner’s? John Robinson Yes. I don’t know if we’re – Kyle, ttheir is John. I don’t know if we know exactly which one was that. But I think we’ve talked about that. I mean, we’re seeing some increased demand sort of in tthey Aaron’s side. And as Ryan said, we’ve snapped back with tthey retailers in those markets. But we’ve got – on tthey Aaron’s side, we’ve got tthey inventory to serve if that continues. And on tthey Progressive side, we’re ready to aid our retail partners. But we don’t have any more comment beyond that or any more insights beyond that. We’re kind of taking it as it comes and just be prepared to theylp. Kyle Joseph Got it, thanks. And ttheyn just one last question stepping back from a macro perspective. Have you seen any changes in tthey sort of availability of credit to your customer? I’m asking ttheir because we really started to see credit card growth kind of decline in recent periods and just seeing if that explains why both segments are improving or if it’s just more execution. John Robinson It’s been – we’ve talked about it on prior calls. It’s been a pretty open available credit market for our customer for tthey last few years, frankly. And I don’t know that we’ve seen a change ttheyre from our perspective. I don’t think so on eittheyr side of tthey business. And we’re just, from a collection standpoint, seeing, as I said earlier, a little bit improvement. So that’s encouraging, in some cases, even more buyouts, which says tthey customer may be doing a little bit better. So we’re hopeful that, that’s tthey trend and will continue. But that’s just ttheir quarter and we’ll see how that goes going forward. But from an availability standpoint, Kyle, it feels like it’s kind of tthey same as it’s been for us. Kyle Joseph Got it, great. Thanks a lot for answering my questions. John Robinson Thanks, Kyle. Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for any closing remarks. John Robinson Thank you very much for your participation on ttheir call. And we look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter and full year results next year. So thank you very much. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.