Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call April 25, 2019 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - VP, Investor Relations John Robinson - President & CEO Ryan Woodley - CEO, Progressive Leasing Douglas Lindsay - President Steve Michaels - CFO, President & Strategic Operations Conference Call Participants John Baugh - Stifel Budd Bugatch - Raymond James Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Bill Chappell - SunTrust Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns, Inc. Operator Good morning. My name is Henry and I will be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron's, Inc. First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Investor Relations for Aaron's, Inc. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's, Inc. first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron's, Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer, Ryan Woodley, Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing, Douglas Lindsay, President of tthey Aaron's business and Steve Michaels, Aaron's, Inc. Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic Operations. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir morning. For those of you who have not, it is available on tthey investor relations section of our website at Aaron.com. During ttheir call certain statements we make will be forward looking. I want to call your attention to our safe harbor provision for forward looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey Safe Harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year end of December 31, 2018 and subsequent filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risk related to our business that may cause results to differ materially from our forward looking statements. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on forward looking statements and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. On today's call, we will be referring certain non GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey compatibility of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non GAAP measures are detailed and tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. Tthey company believes that ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful insight into tthey company's operational performance and cash flows and provides ttheyse measures to investors to theylp facilitate comparisons of operating results with prior periods and to assist ttheym and understanding tthey company's ongoing operational performance. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to John Robinson. John Robinson Thanks, Mike. And thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased to report a strong start to 2019. On a consolidated basis, we achieved revenues of more than $1 billion in a quarter for tthey first time ever, an increase of 11% over tthey same quarter in 2018. Ttheir increase is primarily a result of continued strong invoice growth at Progressive, improvements in tthey Aaron's business same store revenue trends and tthey acquisition of franctheire locations in 2018. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted non-GAAP EPS for $115 million and $1.8 per share, respectively, both up meaningfully from tthey prior year first quarter. While we delivered outstanding financial performance in tthey quarter, we believe that government shutdown and tthey uncertainty of tthey timing and value of tthey 2018 federal tax refunds affected our customer's behavior in tthey quarter. We believe that ttheir contributed in part to fewer than expected originations across our businesses. As a result, tthey Aaron's business lease portfolio is somewhat smaller than planned as we enter tthey second quarter. Tthey Progressive lease portfolio however, is in line with our expectations due primarily to tthey lower 90 day buyout activity and favorable trends that are large national retailers. Despite tthey disruptions experienced by our customers in tthey first quarter, I'm pleased with tthey strong financial results delivered by our teams and we are off to a good start in 2019. We remain conservatively capitalized and ended tthey first quarter with available liquidity of over $500 million in a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of less than one term. Ttheir provides us flexibility to continue to invest in our business, explore strategic opportunities, and return capital to shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Ryan to discuss Progressive's Q1 results. Ryan Woodley Thanks, John. I am very pleased with tthey results tthey team delivered in tthey first quarter. We continue to generate strong financial performance one destined atheyad of future growth and pipeline conversion revenues. Revenues rose 19% in tthey quarter as compared to tthey first quarter of 2018 to 523 million. Revenue growth was driven by 14.2% increase in invoice volume in tthey quarter, resulting from a 17.9% increase in invoice per active door. Our first quarter active door count was approximately 19,800, down 3% from tthey first quarter of 2018. Ttheir change was primarily a result of a reduction in active doors within mattress and mobile which was partially offset by additions and ottheyr verticals. As evidenced by tthey accelerating growth and total invoice and invoice per active door, we believe door count is becoming less predictive as a leading indicator of future revenue growth, particularly as our overall mix shifts towards bigger box and online retailers. EBITDA increased by 41.2% as compared to tthey same period last year, calculated on basis consistent with tthey 2019 adoption of new lease accounting standard, EBITDA was 12.5% of revenues versus 10.5% and tthey year ago period, an increase of 200 basis points. EBITDA margin expansion was driven primarily by lower 90 day buyout activity in tthey quarter compared to tthey first quarter of 2018 as well as tthey leveraging of SG&A expenses and strong revenue growth. We believe tthey lower 90 day bought activity was a result of ongoing shifts and portfolio mix and year over year changes and federal tax refund activity. Calculated on a basis consistent with tthey 2019 adoption of tthey new lease accounting standard, write-offs were 7% of revenues in tthey first quarter of 2019 compared to 6.8% reported in tthey year ago period. As demonstrated by tthey consistency of ttheir metric, our lease pools continue to perform well and are in line with our expectations. I remain excited about tthey momentum we're carrying into tthey second quarter and tthey remainder of tthey year, and I'm pleased with tthey significant effort tthey team has made towards providing tthey best possible experience for our customers. I will now turn tthey call over to Douglas to discuss tthey Aaron's business Q1 results. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Ryan. We are pleased with tthey first quarter financial performance in Aaron's business, which was in line with our expectations in terms of revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and same store revenue. Same store revenue in tthey quarter was positive 0.7% and improvement a 510 basis points from tthey prior quarter, and tthey first positive same store revenue quarter since 2013. Same store revenue has been near flat for three quarters in a row. We expect ttheir trend to continue as improvements in our pricing, product mix, and business transformation initiatives gain momentum. We were somewhat disappointed with delivery activity in tthey quarter which we believe is a result of tthey government shut down in an unusual tax season in terms of later timing of refunds compared to prior years, and tthey uncertainty of refund amounts. That said we continue to expect positive same store revenue within tthey range of our 0% to 2% outlook for tthey full year. Revenues increased 4.6% as compared to tthey first quarter of 2018. Lease revenue increased 9.7% as compared to tthey same quarter last year, primarily driven by tthey franctheire stores acquired throughout 2018. Lease revenue also benefited from tthey ongoing investment in our Aarons.com platform which continued its strong growth in tthey quarter. Aarons.com is a key pillar of our omni-channel strategy and is attracting a younger, higtheyr ticket customer who prefers a mobile shopping experience. Adjusted EBITDA increased 7% and was 10.7% of revenues versus 10.5% and tthey year ago quarter. Adjusted EBITDA growth benefited from an increase in lease margin, which is increased on a year over year basis for nine consecutive quarters. Ttheir was partially offset by higtheyr write offs, and ongoing investments related to our business transformation initiatives, including investments in people and in technology. Write offs were 4.8% of revenues versus 3.8% in tthey same period last year, contributing to tthey increase of write offs was an increase in tthey number and type of promotional offerings, higtheyr ticket leases, store closure activity during tthey quarter, and an increasing mix of e-commerce as a percent of revenue. On our fourth quarter of 2018 earnings call we described for you three key initiatives to drive improvements in customer traffic and conversion in tthey Aaron's business. Ttheyse initiatives are rapid customer onboarding, centralized collections, and our next generation store concept. We're pleased with tthey results of our expanded testing in each of ttheyse areas and continue to refine tthey processes and make investments that will enable us to prudently scale ttheyse initiatives across tthey entire system. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Michaels Thanks, Douglas. Effective as of tthey first quarter of 2019, tthey company adopted ASC-842 a new standard related to accounting for leases. In our press release, we have added some information to tthey revenue table to provide you a comparison on an equivalent basis. Tthey new accounting pronouncement requires tthey company to recognize substantially all of our operating leases on balance ttheyyet as a right of use asset and a non-debt operating lease liability. At tthey end of Q1, we had an operating lease right of use asset of 370 million and a non-debt lease liability of 406 million. On a consolidated basis, revenues for tthey first quarter of 2019 were $1 billion, an increase of 11.4% over tthey same period a year ago, wtheyn calculated on a basis consistent with tthey 2019 adoption of ASC-842. As John mentioned, ttheir is tthey first time we have posted a quarterly revenue amount of more than a $1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was 115 million for tthey first quarter of ttheir year, compared to 94 million for tthey same period last year, an increase of 21 million or 22.4%. Adjusted EBITDA was 11.4% of revenue in tthey first quarter of 2019, an increase of 100 basis points from tthey first quarter of 2018 on a consistent accounting basis, resulting from higtheyr consolidated gross margin. Diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter increased 33.3% to $1.8 versus $0.81 in tthey prior year quarter. As you will have seen from tthey earnings release, operating expenses decrease approximately 3 million resulting from tthey change and classification of bad debt expense at Progressive from operating expenses to a component of revenue due to tthey 2019 adoption of ASC-842. Adjusting operating expenses in tthey first quarter of 2018 to be consistent with 2019 reporting, operating expenses would have increased 44 million or 12.7% versus tthey year ago period. About 60% of tthey increase is due to tthey addition of acquired franctheire locations throughout 2018 approximately 25% of tthey increase was driven by tthey year-over-year increase in write-offs in line with expectations and largely driven by tthey significant growth at Progressive. Tthey balance of tthey increase is spread across acquisition related intangible amortization, expenses, and investments in marketing and personnel. During tthey first quarter, tthey company closed 84 Aaron's store locations, resulting from management's strategic review of tthey existing store portfolio. Tthey company recorded restructuring charges of 13 million, primarily consisting of impairment charges associated with tthey closed stores. Tax generated from operating activities was 165 million for tthey first quarter of 2019 and we ended tthey quarter with 124 million in cash compared to 15 million at tthey end of 2018. We remain conservatively capitalized at tthey end of tthey first quarter with available liquidity of $513 million and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 0.7 turns. After tthey end of tthey quarter, in mid-April, we made a sctheyduled principal payment on our senior unsecured notes of 60 million. Tthey remaining outstanding balance of our senior unsecured notes is 120 million, with no additional sctheyduled principal payments until April 2020 on ttheyse notes. We are pleased that we delivered strong results in tthey first quarter and while it's still early in tthey year, we are confident in our ability to deliver on tthey results indicated in our 2016 outlook. Lastly, we had included full financial statements as opposed to only showing selected items for tthey balance ttheyyet and cash flow statement in tthey earnings release. Ttheir is a continuation of our initiative to increase transparency and provide timely information. To that end beginning with ttheir quarter, we will accelerate tthey filing of our 10Q before tthey market opens on tthey day we release earnings. With that, I will turn tthey call over to tthey operator to assist with taking your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from John Baugh of Stifel. Please go atheyad. John Baugh Let's see. We'll start with maybe Ryan on and I appreciate tthey comment on tthey doors versus invoice volume. How might that look in tthey next four quarters and appreciate that we're not supposed to focus on doors but some might you know, particularly with tthey onboarding of tthey BestBuy and whatever else you may have in tthey pipeline. Ryan Woodley We do expect to continue to see some pressure in tthey door account through tthey remainder of tthey year just given tthey timing of those reductions we referenced specifically, we talked about mattress and on tthey prior quarter and again, close that out by saying we ended up seeing tthey dynamic we expected in tthey first quarter and tthey mobile reduction was primarily concentrated at tthey beginning of Q1, so we expect to see that for tthey next several quarters, offset by additions elsewtheyre, but those were will be compensated for tthey next three quarters. John Baugh Okay. And ttheyn tthey 90 day, which you sort of relate to tthey mix shift and tax refund delay, I wonder if you could parse those two and ttheyn on tthey tax refund delay was ttheyre some kind of increase or rebound in 90 day activity and say March and April or something? Or how does that number look going forward? Ryan Woodley Yes, your intuition is spot on ttheyre, we did see tthey tax effect more pronounced as you might imagine, in tthey earlier part of tthey quarter, we essentially returned to levels similar with prior year by March towards tthey end of tthey quarter. So it kind of played out as you would expect with tthey delayed refunds and ttheyn on tthey portfolio mix obviously a lot of drivers influencing portfolio mix but in spite of tthey continued strong growth we have, we're seeing a slightly older average account and as that occurs, you see fewer 90 day by less 90 day buyout revenues, a composition of overall revenue, which will drive that margin expansion. So tthey two primary factors we saw resulting in a higtheyr gross margin in tthey quarter. John Baugh Douglas, congrats on tthey same store increase 2013, wow, that's six years by my calculation that's pretty good. Could you talk a little bit about mix in pricing in your business? Obviously those are good guys and solid [ph] volumes still pressure and give us some view to how that changes and ttheyn I don't know if you can give any numbers around your ecommerce, it sounds good. Douglas Lindsay Yes, sure. So first on ticket you know, we've been working on ticket with ttheir merchandising strategy for tthey last two years and have raised ticket considerably, which you're starting to see in comps is ticket really comping over itself in tthey portfolio and driving our top store. We can't live on ticket forever we think that'll probably you know, begin to sort of flatten out over tthey course of tthey year and really what we're focused on right now is driving customer traffic. We've talked about business transformation initiatives, new merchandising initiatives and in particular, some of ttheyse things we're doing in our stores to free our people up to sell and that's really tthey focus of tthey business right now is how do we both drive ticket up and maximize ticket and margin but also drive traffic in tthey business. E-comm, I think was your second question. And that is a big driver of our business. I think I said it was right at 10% of our revenue written into tthey portfolio, really bullish on tthey e-comm. It was up 51% year over year. I think tthey new platform we put in place and all tthey enhancements and tthey team we've built around that are poising us for more growth ttheyre. With e-comm comes more new customers and we're seeing both more new customers in our stores and online. So we're really excited about that both channels driving more new customer traffic, and that's been reflected in our results. John Baugh Okay. And ttheyn Douglas you mentioned some of tthey pressures on that 100 basis point increase in [indiscernible] and yet you're able to grow I don't think was 20 basis points tthey EBITDA margin of that business. So can you kind of walk through you know, A, how you did that and B, what that picture looks like going forward with a yin and a yang. Thank you. Douglas Lindsay Sure. Yes, we're happy with tthey EBITDA margin expansion 20 basis points most of it came on tthey back of lease margin expansion, which is really directly related to our merchandising strategy. Although I'm really proud of our store based teams we've gotten some great labor efficiencies in our stores and that's also theylped and that's theylped offset ttheir 100 basis point increase in our write offs and we've also been able to do all that while investing in our business transformation initiatives. So all those combined and having a 20 basis point increase we're really happy about. Now as I think about write offs going forward, we continue ttheir promotional strategy, which is introducing new customers into tthey portfolio and new customers charge off at a higtheyr rate than our existing customers and we're also driving higtheyr ticket which charges off at a higtheyr net book value and ttheyn as e-comm, e-comm is a bigger part of our mix, as I mentioned in my remarks, that naturally has a newer, you know, higtheyr value customer. We look at all of ttheir in terms of risk adjusted margins. So what's our lease margin minus our write offs? And we're really happy with our risk adjusted margin. We measure each of our promotions and each channel that we deliver through and on a fully burden basis and so we're happy with wtheyre we are and happy with tthey margin profile of tthey business right now. John Baugh And lastly, that same question I asked Ryan, was ttheyre a delayed tax refund benefit or you know, impact that you saw maybe in March and April, as opposed to January and February. Could you walk us through that? John Robinson It's John Robinson, definitely saw tthey same dynamics Ryan described across all our businesses, which is, and I think it's well publicized that refunds were later than expected for sure, anecdotally, we have a lot of feedback from our system that in many cases, ttheyy were lighter than customers expected and wtheyttheyr ttheyy were wider or not, ttheyy were definitely later and it cost customers we believe, to be more cautious and so that drove, that affected originations and on tthey progressive side, ttheir 90 day buyout rate and tthey problem on tthey specifically Aaron's business side is that it affected deliveries and by tthey time tthey trend, trended back to our expectations from a delivery standpoint, you know, we've lost some ground relative to our expectations, and you don't necessarily get that back and so we're working hard. We didn't get it back in tthey quarter. So we're working hard to get it back over tthey rest of tthey year and Douglas and their team have a lot of great strategies to do that. So we're confident about that. But it definitely, from our perspective, and ttheyre's a lot of data out ttheyre but from our perspective, tax season was unusual and different than we expected. Tthey good news is that we saw collections come in and our delivery trends improved by tthey end of tthey quarter. John Baugh And just a very high level - what do you see in terms of I don't know tthey opportunity, tthey total addressable market, how is that chained in your mind with tthey discussions you're having with national retailers with Progressive, tthey things you're doing in tthey core business with e-comm? What are tthey big moving parts ttheyre? Are you more excited or less excited about what you see? Thank you. Ryan Woodley We're very excited. Thank you for asking that question. We're very excited about tthey potential for all our businesses, to serve ttheir customer. It's a big group of our population that's underserved and we believe we provide tthey best solutions for those customers to get tthey goods ttheyy need for ttheyir really to change ttheyir lives in a more positive way. So wtheyttheyr it's through big National Retail opportunities at Progressive or new strategies on tthey Aaron's business side, we think tthey markets really large, it's, ttheyre's a lot of green space and it's kind of incumbent on us just to get better every day, we kind of have a continuous improvement attitude around theyre. If we can get better every day, we can continue our growth and I feel like we have tthey unique set of assets, a unique set of people that position us really well to go capture that and you couple that with our balance ttheyyet or kind of capital position. I feel really confident about tthey opportunity in front of us and our ability to go execute it and it's really starts with our people. So I couldn't be prouder than and couldn't be more excited about all tthey opportunity. John Baugh And I guess I'll sneak one more in theyre and [indiscernible] pretty big Q1 and reiterate guidance, any philosophy or thought for us ttheyre ottheyr than that's early in tthey year? Ryan Woodley Yes, you got it. It's early in tthey year. So we're three months into tthey year. We're really pleased with tthey results, particularly in light of tthey unusual tax season. So we feel it's a good start. But we still got to execute on our plan for tthey balance of tthey year and we reiterated tthey ranges we provide in our Q4 column we will update you guys after Q2. Operator Our next question comes from Budd Bugatch of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Budd Bugatch I guess I'll start a little bit with tthey Aaron's congratulations on tthey 70 basis points positive comp. You've been open now Sundays for ttheir year. Can you quantify Douglas maybe what you think that contribution did to that opening on Sunday did to tthey comp, if that's meaningful or let us know about? Douglas Lindsay Sure, Budd. Yes, first of all, I just want to say I really appreciate our team members who made that happen. We had to make a real hard pivot to being open seven days a week and team did a tremendous job ttheyre. We're not going to quantify tthey amount Sunday has contributed to comps but it has certainly theylped all our stores, across tthey chain are now open on Sunday and staffed for Sunday, and I'll just say it's performing in line with our expectations. We're seeing I think ttheir is a good fact. We're seeing a lot more new customers on Sunday, which bodes well for our decision to do it and it also says we're not necessarily cannibalizing business from ottheyr days, and I think it puts us in a much better competitive position in tthey marketplace. Budd Bugatch What would comp shipment [ph] been positive without Sunday if you weren't open? Douglas Lindsay We're not breaking apart tthey competition of comps on ttheir call. Budd Bugatch Okay, I tried. I know that we have a change in accounting we were I thought going to get what Progressive's bad debt expense was in tthey quarter I know you still have to calculate it and ttheyn it reduces our reported revenues but last year I think it was tthey lowest percentage of bad debt in tthey year I think it was 9.6% which was lower than any of tthey ottheyr quarters. How did Progressive's bad debts looked ttheir quarter? Steve Michaels We came in at 9.7% on tthey same accounting basis Budd, similar arrived right in line with last year and tthey pools are performing well. Budd Bugatch Okay, and Ryan, I know you talked a little bit about tthey doors being down on a on a net basis can we get tthey kind of puts and tthey takes of that - I don't want it by channel but maybe how many doors were you down and how many doors did you add to get to tthey door counts at Delta? Ryan Woodley Yes, I don't have tthey composition that gets to tthey net in front of me, but it was several hundred from tthey National Mattress partner and it was several hundred on tthey mobile accounts that we talked about previously. And ttheyn we talked about tthey net effect of that resulted in a 3% decline. It's worth saying that in spite of those declines, and mattress and mobile, we did see invoice growth in both those verticals and ttheyy're strong core for us and excited about tthey potential ttheyre but wtheyn you net those out, it's about 600 and that minus 600 doors in tthey quarter so we had some additions elsewtheyre, because combined, tthey mattress and mobile were larger than that. Budd Bugatch And is your national player rollout is are those doors all done now or wtheyn will ttheyy be put on board? Ryan Woodley We're not providing that color. We're excited about wtheyre we're at, in that rollout, particularly obviously excited about tthey partnership. You know, tthey cases with all partners, we're focused on executing tthey best we possibly can for ttheym and ttheyir stores and taking exceptional care of tthey customer. So I won't provide any furttheyr detail ottheyr than to say we're really pleased with wtheyre we're at and excited about tthey opportunity that remains Budd Bugatch And tthey new partner funnel, I know John talked about being excited about tthey overall business and tthey TAM, but how close are we on some new partner data? Ryan Woodley Yes, we continue to be really excited about tthey pipeline and I guess, as I mentioned in tthey past, it continues to be comprised of both regional and national opportunities, tthey team is working hard to convert those leads into pilots and pilots into tthey rollouts and we certainly have folks in each of those stages in tthey pipeline today. Like John said, it's a third of tthey US population. It's largely underserved today and we think we're very well positioned to capture tthey bulk of that opportunity. Budd Bugatch Okay, I wouldn't be me if we didn't ask for tthey cost of revenue, at least revenue and fees for Progressive and for Aaron's, maybe ttheyre I know we're going to get it in tthey Q but maybe if we have it so we can work on our models. Steve Michaels I mean, tthey Q's coming out in half hour so you know, it'll be in ttheyre but I've got it theyre just so gross margin for Progressive is 31.2% in tthey quarter and on a consistent basis from 18 it would have been 29.4 and ttheyn tthey Aaron's business I guess tthey inverse is appreciation is tthey way we listed in tthey Q is 53% from - I'm sorry, that's consolidated, my apologies. Budd Bugatch I will wait for tthey Q, if tthey Q is coming out in half an hour that's great. And Steve, kudos to you for tthey disclosure it's just, it's noticeably different and much improved and we really do appreciate that. So, kudos to you and your team for that. And with that question, my last question will be and I know, John, you kind of walked away from ttheir question from John, but we have some seasonal changes particularly with away taxes [ph] what should we look for seasonally at least now in terms of tthey way tthey guidance is put togettheyr, how should we think about it? Are we going to have a stronger second quarter than we would have had it? How do we think - what's tthey way to think about it? Ryan Woodley But you know, we gave some color on tthey Q4 call about how you know, we give annual guidance, but we did get some seasonality and we said effectively that tthey Aaron's business would be front end loaded as tthey investments layer on in tthey back half of tthey year and tthey Progressive business would be back end loaded and Q4 will be tthey peak earnings quarter and ttheyre's, you know, certainly Q1, we're happy to have delivered such strong results, but those trends still hold and, you know, we provided a range and on tthey non-GAAP EPS it was $0.20 so ttheyre's room within that range for what we delivered. Operator Our next question comes from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Brad Thomas I want to follow-up first, with Ryan on tthey Progressive side. I'd say tthey number one question that we get around tthey story is, how to think about tthey ramp, you know, had a national partner, you know, like BestBuy right now. You know, obviously our work suggests that if you're live in about 2/3rds of ttheyir store theyre today. I guess can you theylp us think at a high level about how Progressive performs at a retailer of that size versus, you know, what you have across tthey rest of your partnership based? I mean, are ttheyre any differences on tthey positive side or negative side we should think about, as we think about tthey ramifications of a partnership like ttheir? Ryan Woodley Yes. We think we talked about a bit about tthey nature of national rollout and tthey investment required to get that off tthey ground, obviously it touctheys a lot of functional areas across tthey company to execute to tthey standard that that we set. You know, it's not just tthey team in tthey field supporting tthey folks in tthey stores or tthey teams managing ttheyir websites, ttheyy adapt, but it's our product teams, our technology teams, our compliance teams, our marketing teams all focused on executing tthey best we possibly can. So we deploy those resources with each of our new opportunities. Obviously, tthey scale of that is, is larger and higtheyr and tthey investment larger, you know, as tthey door count increases. Tthey good thing is over tthey 20 year theirtory of Progressive we've launctheyd several thousand plus door partners. So we kind of know what that playbook looks like and we are deploying it theyre as we have in ottheyr places and it just is as we discussed in prior calls, it evolves over time as tthey retailer and ttheyir team become more familiar with tthey offering and customers come to expect it's availability within ttheyir locations on ttheyir website, and we're seeing that evolution play out theyre and we've seen it elsewtheyre. Tthey great thing is if you look at some of our largest accounts, ttheyy're also some of our longest tenured accounts and ttheyy're still growing at double digit rate. So we're constantly finding ways to tweak and optimize tthey model to generate higtheyr levels of productivity expect that will be tthey case theyre as it has been with all of our ottheyr large accounts. Brad Thomas And ttheyn Douglas, just, you know, as we think about, you know, same store sales for tthey year and, again, congratulations on tthey positive comp theyre. As we think forward. I mean, any change in your mind about how you're thinking about tthey cadence of same store sales, you still believe that that should accelerate, you know, and be even stronger as we move through tthey year or, you know, with what you see today's ttheir may be a better run rate, think about going forward. Thanks. Douglas Lindsay Yes, I think, you know, first of all proud of tthey team for 510 basis point increase over tthey last year in comps. So that's really good. We're happy that wtheyre we are, you know, given tthey lower portfolio as John mentioned in their comments coming out of tax season, we're expecting comps to really bounce around tthey flat range, kind of wtheyre ttheyy've been, wtheyre ttheyy at ttheir quarter and wtheyre ttheyy've been. For tthey next few quarters we do want to reiterate our guidance of a positive comps for tthey year between 0% and 2%. And I think what we're seeing in ttheir deficit at tthey end of tthey quarter, will be made up for in tthey traction we've got going with a lot of our business transformation initiatives and our merchandising strategy continuing to take hold over tthey course of tthey year, along with growth in e-comm and obviously Sunday hours contributing. So all those positive really offset tthey negative of tthey portfolio decline and tax season. Operator Our next question comes from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Bill Chappell Keep it simple, in fact to Douglas. So is tthey thought or can you just theylp quantify if at all possible tax season had a negative effect on same store sales in first quarter and will have a positive impact on same store sales in tthey second quarter? Is that tthey way to look at it? Douglas Lindsay No I don't think so, Bill. I think tax season was - I mean, theyre's what we saw in tthey Aaron's business in tax season was we collected our money, tthey customer paid as we expected, but our deliveries were soft during tthey whole season. And, you know, I don't - we may call back some of those deliveries over time but I think tthey ottheyr initiatives we have going on so we ended up tthey lower portfolio balance, but tthey ottheyr initiatives we have going on in tthey business will offset that decline to get us back to sort of tthey flattish, I would say for tthey quarters throughout tthey year with a net positive 0% to 2% annually. Bill Chappell Okay. And ttheyn Ryan, just understanding tthey mix shift. Do you expect to mix shift to get better or worse as we move through tthey year? I understand ttheyre's kind of seasonality of some of ttheyse businesses that will change that, but I'm just trying to trying to kind of gauge how that plays out as we moved tthey rest of tthey year. Ryan Woodley Yes. I think I alluded in my response to John's question earlier, it is a function of several variables, I mean, you have tthey agent we talked about earlier, which is driven by you know, difference in growth rates among existing accounts, introduction, starting new accounts, pricing overall rates of growth. And I will say that once you factor all that in, we do like what we're seeing in our portfolio and satisfied with how tthey pools are performing obviously tax affects play out in Q1 and that that kind of is what it is in Q1 and ttheyn tthey rest plays out through tthey remainder of tthey year. And as it sits as it relates to tthey rest, I think we felt confident enough to reiterate tthey annual range for write-offs that we've provided in tthey past of 6% to 8% of revenues and feel good with what we see today and how tthey pools are performing. Bill Chappell Okay, and ttheyn finally, for me, Steve, just understanding tthey use of cash for ttheir year share count and tax rate, are ttheyy all fairly steady, no real changes or expectations for tthey rest of tthey year? Steve Michaels No that's right. I mean, we still think tthey tax rate will be kind of 23 and a half-ish and as you saw, it came in lower than that in Q1 but that happens seasonally but across tthey - happens every year in Q1 but across tthey year, we think still around 23.5 and as far as use of cash and share count we do have a large authorizations still remaining with 330 million remaining on our authorization and will continue to have a capital allocation strategy of reinvesting in tthey business, looking for opportunistic acquisitions and ttheyn returning capital shareholders and do that prudently. Operator Our next question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph Most of my questions have been answered just kind of two for Ryan, if you don't mind. Just in terms of Progressive if you could give us tthey update on tthey competitive environment, any changes since last quarter? Ryan Woodley It does remain a very competitive market I apologize a bit because I feel like I repeat myself but it kind of is tthey same dynamic, it is competitive. I think folks are attracted by tthey large unserved opportunity that remains out ttheyre and that dynamic is more pronounced in tthey regions wtheyre tthey barriers to entry are lower. I'll say that wtheyttheyr we're competing for a regional or a national opportunity we do well wtheyn a retailer cares about things like our scale and our access to capital, tthey stability and reliability of our decision making, you know, tthey roster of retailer relationships we have that's really unmatctheyd, our prioritization and focus on compliance, a relentless focus on tthey customer experience wtheyre retailers care about those factors. We have a great win rate and that that has been tthey case that continues to be tthey case. I think that supports tthey optimism we have for converting some of tthey pipeline is out ttheyre. Kyle Joseph And ttheyn one last one for me also on tthey Progressive side, just talk about underwriting trends, any changes ttheyre, if you're getting more conservative, less conservative, any color you can provide us ttheyre. And ttheyn, you know, we talked about tax refunds a lot on ttheir call, if you could talk about, you know, if ttheyre's any changes to underwriting seasonally throughout tthey year just given those dynamics, Ryan Woodley Not really, answer to tthey second and tthey answer to tthey first, we're always in a sort of test measure expand on iterative enhancements to our decision and activities. We've got a very large team focused on that effort. Ttheyre's obviously a large portfolio ttheyn for ttheym to work with optimize ttheyir approach on. It's one of tthey differentiator for Progressive in tthey marketplace and one of tthey reasons why we can tell retailers to expect a very consistent performance from us. We have 10 years of data to work with. So we've got an excellent team focused on delivering incremental improvements to our decision and ttheyy've been doing exactly that. Ttheyre aren't really step functions if you will, it's soptheirticated set of algorithms that we've developed over time and that we're constantly tweaking. Operator Our next question comes Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets from Please go atheyad. Anthony Chukumba You already answered a lot of questions. I had a question about Progressive in terms of tthey very strong sequential improvement in invoice volume for active door growth, you know, you went from 11.6 in tthey fourth quarter to 79 in tthey first quarter, you know, against a very relatively difficult compare. I mean your invoice volume active [ph] doors are 20%, tthey first quarter of 2018 so I was just wondering if ttheyre's any commentary you can give just in terms of what drove that significant sequential improvement? Thanks. Ryan Woodley Yes, appreciate tthey question. It actually was a record level in Q1 that we set on productivity per door and it was really driven by just more deals, more transactions, more leases per door, really, roughly flat approval rate year over year, and just execution going extremely well, part of our partners and our teams working with those partners out in tthey field. We do benefit from kind of an evolution of tthey portfolio toward more productive doors, and we send tthey past all doors aren't created equal and we've been fortunate enough to onboard some highly productive partners, and ttheyy're doing well for us, which contributes to tthey overall increase in productivity per door. But I will say it's fairly widespread tthey increases we're seeing in production per door, and that just goes back to optimize tthey model for productivity. Operator Our next question comes from Vincent Caintic of Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Vincent Caintic Just a two follow-up questions from what's been previously asked on Progressive. So appreciate tthey seasonal EPS kind of trend guidance that's really theylpful. Just wtheyn I think about tthey national rollout, how I think about maybe tthey components of earnings. So you added ttheir national rollout in March, I'm just kind of wondering how you think about maybe tthey expenses as a ramp up versus went through revenue ramps up to ttheyse tend to be fairly evenly matctheyd or do you get expenses versus your kind of thinking about ttheir national rollout? Ryan Woodley Yes. Good question Vincent. You're absolutely right. Ttheyre is a bit of a front loading of expenses and we've discussed that a bit in tthey past. It just comes, you know, by definition is you're investing in those opportunities prior to launch, you've front loaded expenses, you've u front loaded revenue with expenses, you got to build out tthey technology, you got to build out tthey teams to roll out tthey program if you want to do it right, operations is a critical - what ttheyy do is ttheyy execute ptheynomenally well for our retail partners and you build that out prior to launch. Tthey dynamic that you see playing out overall in our business and why we were able to generate margin expansion in SG&A in spite of that fact is that while that's occurring in some places and ottheyr places, you're sort of furttheyr along that curve. You've now rolled out a partner, you're now expanding into higtheyr level of productivities and generating leverage on more mature relationships. So I think tthey balancing now of tthey front loading in some places is what's resulting in tthey leverage we saw in tthey period. Vincent Caintic Okay, perfect. So ttheyre isn't really as you're rolling out, ttheyre isn't really going to be a particular hump that you see in expenses just because you have prior relationships that are already reaching ttheyir maturity, would that be fair? Ryan Woodley That's right. If you think about it, if we're talking about a rollout in Q1 of ttheir year, we've spent a significant amount of resources throughout last year to prepare for that, to tthey extent that, it's tthey scale, what would warrant that, and especially if we've been piloting and have some visibility into that we've been working on tthey right technology solution and building tthey right team to support that. Vincent Caintic Okay, perfect, very theylpful. And just one more so I appreciate tthey comment on tthey press release about tthey doors versus invoice maybe that relationship is changing now. Is ttheyre a kind of any way to think about that wtheyn you think about, say a national accounts you have versus regional counts in terms of metrics on tthey productivity per door, tthey leases per door, does a national door generate twice tthey invoices or any ottheyr sort of metrics that can theylp kind of theylp us compare between different categories of retailers? Ryan Woodley Tthey really tthey best indicator out ttheyre for future revenue growth is invoice. And so we tried to break that down in tthey past into its component parts, which are tthey metrics we've used theirtorically doors and invoice per door wtheyre tthey product is total invoice. And tthey problem is not all doors are created equal and so you get variation in that metric and in some periods, it would seem to suggest that performance isn't strong wtheyn it actually is very strong and it's offset by strong increases in productivity elsewtheyre. So tthey real focus I guess, should be on that invoice number because it is an excellent predictor of revenue performance. Tthey ottheyrs just come a trade-off. John Robinson Vincent, ttheir is John I mean tthey national versus regional is more descriptor around tthey footprint of tthey retailer and not necessarily tthey characteristics of ttheyir doors. So you can have national retailers with lower productivity per door just due to tthey nature of ttheyir business and you could have we have some regional accounts that are very productive. So that doesn't necessarily indicate national versus regional doesn't necessarily indicate door productivity. We are excited about some of tthey new doors brought on to tthey productivity potential but that doesn't necessarily mean ttheyre's a difference between national and regional. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for any closing remarks. John Robinson Thank you. To summarize, we're pleased with a strong start to 2019 and while it's still early in tthey year, and we've got to continue to execute on our plan, we're confident in our ability to deliver on our 2019 outlook. We're pleased with tthey ongoing performance at progressive and tthey progress being made by tthey Aaron's business and its transformation efforts. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our associates, retail partners and franctheirees for ttheyir dedication to our mission of providing high quality products to credit challenged and underserved customers. Thank you very much and thank you everyone for joining us today. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.