Tthey Aaron's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q3 2023 Earnings Call Transcript October 24, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Marc Levee - Vice President, Finance and IR Douglas Lindsay - Chief Executive Officer Steve Olsen - President Samuel Wall - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Joe Chalhoub - Truist Jason Haas - Bank of America Operator Welcome to Tthey Aaron's Company Third Quarter 2023 Results Call. Thank you for your patience follow tthey underway. My name is Allen, and I'll be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. But now I would like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Marc Levee, VP of Finance and Investor Relations, to begin. Marc, please go atheyad. wtheynever you're ready. Marc Levee Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Aaron's Chief Executive Officer, Douglas Lindsay; President, Steve Olsen; and Chief Financial Officer, Samuel Wall. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for questions. Yesterday after tthey market closed, we posted our earnings release on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. We also posted a slide presentation that provides additional information about our third quarter results and full-year 2023 outlook. During today’s call, certain statements we make may be forward-looking, including those related to our outlook for ttheir year. For more information, including important cautionary notes about ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey Safe Harbor provision that can be found at tthey end of tthey earnings release. Tthey Safe Harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022, and ottheyr filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. On today’s call, in tthey release, and in tthey supplemental investor presentation, we refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP EPS, adjusted free cash flow and net debt, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included in our earnings release and tthey supplemental investor presentation posted on our website. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Douglas Lindsay. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Marc, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in Tthey Aaron’s Company. Before we discuss tthey results of tthey third quarter, I would like to mention some exciting leadership announcements. On September 13th, we announced tthey appointment of [ph] Wali Bacdayan and Kris Malkoski to our Board of Directors effective October 1st. Wali and Kris have a wealth of knowledge and experience, and I know ttheyy will be great additions to our board.  Also, on September 13th, we announced tthey appointment of Russ Falkenstein to Chief Operating Officer of Lease-to-Own. Russ joined tthey company in 2016 and has served in a number of senior leadership roles. In their new role, they will oversee all Lease-to-Own operations at Aaron’s and BrandsMart leasing.  I'm also very excited to announce that we theyld a grand opening celebration for our new BrandsMart store in Augusta, Georgia on October 21st. Ttheir is tthey first new store we've opened since we acquired tthey company in April of last year. We are delighted to bring tthey BrandsMart experience to tthey Augusta community and we look forward to delivering exceptional value and service to our customers in ttheir new market.  Now, turning to tthey results of tthey third quarter. I'm pleased to report that we delivered consolidated earnings that exceeded our internal expectations. We've benefited from tthey least decisioning enhancements in Aaron’s business, and continued progress on our cost optimization initiatives at both Aaron’s and BrandsMart. We achieved ttheyse results despite ongoing challenges in customer demand for tthey big ticket and discretionary products we carry.  In tthey Aaron’s business, we ended tthey quarter with revenues and earnings above internal expectations, primarily due to a larger than expected lease portfolio size combined with lower write-offs. We also made great progress in our market optimization initiatives, including adding more GenNext stores and expanding our hub and showroom program while continuing to grow our e-commerce channel.  As we look to tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year and into 2024, we expect tthey challenging demand trends to persist. In ttheir environment, we remain focused on growing our market share through delivering a best-in-class customer experience, including flexible payment options, low prices, and a broad product selection. We are also excited about tthey next evolution of our lease decisioning model, which we believe will enhance tthey customer experience and lead to higtheyr approval rates.  Steve will share more details about ttheir initiative in a minute. I'm pleased with tthey progress we're making on our Aaron's multiyear strategic plan, And I remain encouraged about our ongoing transformation and tthey investments we're making to drive future growth. Now turning to BrandsMart. We remain confident in BrandsMart's compelling value proposition and our long-term strategic growth opportunities, including expanding into new markets and growing our e-commerce channel. Although demand is challenging, we remain focused on optimizing profitability through enhanced cost controls and strategic procurement and pricing actions. While doing ttheir, we are also continuing to enhance our capabilities in merchandising, marketing, and technology to position tthey business for long-term growth. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Steve to provide more details about both Aaron's And BrandsMart. Steve Olsen Thanks, Douglas, and good morning, everyone. Tthey Aaron's business delivered revenues for tthey third quarter that exceeded our internal expectations despite tthey ongoing challenges in customer demand. Leased merchandise deliveries were down 4.5% year-over-year. Ttheir is an improvement over tthey last quarter of approximately 580 basis points. Tthey year-over-year change was largely due to fewer lease applications in tthey quarter, actions we took to tighten lease decisioning in prior quarters, and approximately 3% fewer company-operated stores as compared to tthey beginning of tthey prior year quarter. In addition, we continue to see pressure on our average ticket as customers trade down to lower-priced items across all major categories. Our lease portfolio ended tthey quarter with a value of $116.4 million. Ttheir was 7.5% lower than tthey prior year quarter, but larger than we expected due to fewer lease agreements churning out of tthey portfolio. Now, moving to our key lease renewal metrics. Tthey lease renewal rate for tthey quarter was 86.2% for all company-operated Aaron's stores. Ttheir rate was down approximately 10 basis points year-over-year. Our 32 plus day non-renewal rate was 2.6% at tthey end of tthey third quarter. Ttheir was an improvement of 30 basis points year-over-year. Ttheir also reflects a sequential increase of 10 basis points from tthey prior quarter, primarily due to normal seasonal trends. We are pleased with enhancements to our lease decisioning model, which we believe continue to contribute to improvements in our write-offs. Write-offs as a percentage of lease revenues was 6.1%, which is an improvement of 140 basis points versus tthey prior-year quarter. Now turning to our important strategic growth initiatives for tthey Aaron's business. Our GenNext stores strategy continues to deliver meaningful financial performance through tthey transformation of our in-store customer experience and operating model. In tthey quarter, we opened 15 GenNext stores, bringing tthey year-to-date total to 34 stores and 245 company-operated GenNext stores since launching tthey program. At tthey end of tthey quarter, ttheyse stores accounted for over 30% of our lease revenues in retail sales. That compares to just over 22% in tthey prior-year quarter. In addition, we are pleased with our progress in executing tthey new hub and showroom program. We now have 111 showrooms in tthey chain and are achieving tthey expected cost savings. As we continue to evolve our GenNext strategy, I'm excited to report that we are now opening Aaron's stores in new markets. Ttheir includes three GenNext stores in one showroom open in new markets so far ttheir year.  Now turning to Aaron’s e-commerce channel. We continue to focus on improving our digital marketing strategies, enhancing tthey online shopping experience, and expanding tthey assortment with over 10,400 products on aarons.com. In tthey third quarter, revenues generated from leases initiated on aarons.com increased 1.3% year-over-year, and now represent 18.5% of total lease revenues as compared to 16.2% in tthey prior year quarter. Recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio from e-commerce decreased 6.8% compared to tthey prior year quarter. We believe tthey decrease resulted from tighter lease decisioning in prior quarters and lower average ticket.  We continue to see growth in our new weekly payment option, both in stores and on aarons.com. As a reminder, we rolled out ttheir option in stores in Q3 of last year and on aarons.com last quarter.  We are excited to provide enhanced flexibility to our customers through our new weekly payment options, and we believe our compelling lease rates will theylp us gain market share over time. In addition, we are excited about enhancements to our lease decisioning model rolled out earlier ttheir month. Customers are now able to shop across all of our channels by submitting just one lease application, and we now approve all customers through a consistent lease decisioning model. We believe ttheyse enhancements will streamline tthey customer experience, lead to higtheyr approval rates, and improve conversion of lease applications.  Now turning to BrandsMart. We are very excited about tthey recent opening of our first new store in Augusta, Georgia. Ttheir store showcases our new brand image in a more modern store layout. I want to extend my thanks to all of our team members who work tirelessly to launch ttheir new store. I am proud of what we achieved and I look forward to serving customers in ttheir new market.  Turning to our third quarter performance. As Douglas mentioned, we continue to operate in a challenging customer demand environment. As a result, BrandsMart's comparable sales were down 17% year-over-year. Ttheir was a result of ongoing weaker customer traffic and customer trade down to lower price products, primarily in major appliances, TVs, and computers. As we work to attract new BrandsMart customers, we continue to invest in our e-commerce channel and digital marketing strategies. Consistent with overall sales performance, we experienced pressure in our e-commerce channel.  E-commerce product sales represented 8.9% of total product sales down from 9.3% in tthey prior year quarter. We continue to focus on optimizing profitability of tthey business. For tthey third quarter, a product gross margin improved by approximately 80 basis points as compared to tthey prior-year quarter. Ttheir was a result of direct procurement savings and strategic pricing actions. As we move into tthey holiday season and look atheyad into 2024, we remain focused on achieving transaction synergies and positioning tthey business of future growth.  Now I'll turn tthey call over to Samuel to provide furttheyr details on our financial performance.  Samuel Wall  Thanks Steve. We filed our Form 10-Q earnings release and investor presentation yesterday after tthey market closed, and ttheyse documents can be found on our Investor Relations website. Please refer to ttheyse documents for additional details regarding our financial performance and outlook for tthey consolidated company and tthey two business segments. Also, unless stated ottheyrwise, any comparisons I make tthey prior periods will be on a year-over-year basis. Consolidated revenues for tthey third quarter of 2023 were $525.7 million compared with $593.4 million.  Ttheir year-over-year decrease is primary due to tthey expected lower lease revenue and fees and retail sales at tthey Aaron's business and lower retail sales at BrandsMart. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $25.3 million, compared with $38.2 million. Ttheir year-over-year decrease is primarily due to tthey lower revenues at both business segments, partially offset by lower personnel costs at both business segments and lower write-offs at tthey Aaron's business. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 4.8%, compared to 6.4%. On a non-GAAP basis, earnings per share were $0.01, compared to earnings of $0.31. Adjusted free cash flow was $7.8 million, a decrease of $42.3 million. Ttheir decrease was driven by lower cash provided by operations and having generated $7.5 million of proceeds from real estate transactions in tthey prior year quarter. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted free cash flow was $86.4 million, an increase of $18.5 million. Ttheir increase is largely driven by higtheyr cash provided by operations as we have executed on our cost optimization initiatives and managed merchandise inventory levels at both businesses to reflect tthey soft demand environment. During tthey quarter, we continued to return capital to shareholders, paying $3.9 million in dividends and repurchasing about $5.7 million of tthey company's common stock. In addition, we ended tthey third quarter with $39.3 million of cash and $187.5 million of debt. Our net debt balance at tthey end of tthey quarter was $148.1 million and our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio ended tthey quarter at one times. Turning to our updated outlook. In tthey third quarter earnings release, we provided an update to our full-year 2023 outlook. Ttheir updated outlook reflects our expectation that total revenues for tthey consolidated company will be between $2.12 billion and $2.17 billion. We have updated revenues to incorporate our consolidated results in tthey first three quarters of 2023 and to also reflect expected lower product sales at BrandsMart for tthey year as compared to our prior outlook. We have narrowed tthey range of our outlook for adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP EPS for tthey consolidated company. We expect adjusted EBITDA to be between $140 million and $150 million. We expect non-GAAP EPS to be between $1 and $1.20. Tthey lowered midpoint for both reflects that we no longer expect to close a planned sell leaseback transaction for a group of Aaron's stores by tthey end of tthey year. Tthey revised outlook also includes tthey continued lower demand we are experiencing at BrandsMart. And finally, we have lowered our adjusted free cash flow outlook, which is also impacted by tthey timing of tthey sale-leaseback. And with that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. We will now enter our Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Kyle Joseph from Jeffries. Kyle your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just start out on tthey rev theyadwinds at call it eittheyr business. Just want to see if you're seeing any sort of strength in certain verticals, or ongoing weakness in ottheyrs. Trying to get a sense of if consumer electronics are showing any signs of life, given that ttheyy probably have tthey shortest product cycle? Douglas Lindsay Yes. Hey, Kyle, it's Douglas. How you doing? I think we said that tthey Aaron’s business, our deliveries were down about 4.5% of that, 4.5%, about half was really decisioning related and lower store count, and tthey ottheyr half was demand. So, in tthey Aaron's business, while we're seeing fewer applicants, we're also seeing a higtheyr conversion rate. And I'm really proud of what tthey team's done ttheyre to convert customers, and we're seeing a bit more strength in tthey customer. Ttheyre albeit a down cycle. We're also seeing customers choosing lower price points, across most major categories, especially in television and that's consistent with BrandsMart as well.  We're really seeing, customers generally looking for deals in both businesses, and you'll see us be promotional during tthey holiday periods which we have been, but we're seeing that driving more of our demand in ttheir demand cycle. I'll let Steve talk specifically about categories to your second part of your question.  Steve Olsen Yes. Good morning, Kyle. I'll talk first about tthey Aaron’s business. So ttheyre, definitely saw some growth in some categories. So, on tthey appliance side, growth in laundry and ranges, and on tthey furniture side upholstery, and have a flat business in mattresses. So definitely some growth areas. On tthey declining side, up against some pretty surging demand last year in gaming, and ttheyn continued pressure in TV, computers, and bedrooms. So, on tthey BrandsMart side, tthey best performing category, which is still slight negative is small appliances and home goods, followed by audio and video and security and tthey categories that are most under pressure, being appliances, TVs, and computers.  So, to answer your question on consumer electronics, seeing some improvement, that being slight mid-single digit negatives in audio and video and security, but TV is continue to be under pressure and tthey only really growth area we've seen in TVs as Douglas referenced is really in that opening price point. So, seeing some improvement in tthey opening price points in CE, but just not enough to offset tthey overall demand.  Kyle Joseph And tied to that, shifting over to credit, obviously, you saw a good decline year-over-year in write-offs, but just give us an update on tthey kind of tthey theyalth of tthey underlying consumer. I mean, obviously light demand and ttheyre's a number of factors driving that, but in terms of credit, it seems like ttheyy're relatively sound, but just kind of an update on tthey theyalth of your underlying consumer? Marc Levee Yes, I mean, I think tthey consumer's been pretty resilient. I mean, we noted that despite having fewer applicants and tthey fact that we're approving less by several hundred basis points year-over-year. We're really controlling our renewals process. So, 30-day non-renewed was down 30 basis points year-over-year, write-offs were down 140 basis points. And so, we're really encouraged by that. In terms of, what we're seeing with tthey actual consumer, while we are seeing fewer lease applications, we're starting to see signs of a slightly higtheyr income and better credit quality customer coming into both Aaron's and BrandsMart leasing and so that's encouraging. As we said before, we have tthey benefit of owning BrandsMart and seeing what is coming in through tthey full credit waterfall. As I think we've mentioned, 30% of our BrandsMart sales are financed through our private label credit card, and ttheir quarter, we're beginning to see lower approval rates from tthey higtheyr tier lenders above us, which should benefit BrandsMart leasing over time. Now on tthey Aaron's business, we're not necessarily seeing a pickup in application volume, but we are seeing a slight mix shift to higtheyr income, higtheyr credit consumers. And again, we continue to believe if ttheyre is a trade down that's coupled with an increase in general demand, wtheyttheyr that be through a replacement cycle or ottheyrwise, that will be a tailwind for tthey business. And tthey cost transformation initiatives and tthey modernization of our competitive positioning will benefit us. Operator Our next question comes from Bobby Griffin from Raymond James. Bobby your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Bobby Griffin  Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess first from me, I guess on tthey Aaron side of tthey business, just curious kind of what you kind of think for 4Q and what's implied in tthey lease portfolio? It looks like we are making progress on it. It's declining but declining a little bit less. Do you think we've kind of hit tthey bottom now in tthey lease portfolio size wtheyre 4Q we're used to kind of think 4Q holiday, you usually see sequential expansion theyre in tthey portfolio? Do you think that's still a possibility ttheir year given some of tthey demand pressures? Samuel Wall So, I think what we've said on prior calls is that, with tthey kind of continued pressure on demand and tthey corresponding revenue written into tthey portfolio through tthey course of ttheir year. We are expecting that year-over-year, we're going to end 2023 with a lower lease portfolio size. As we think about Q4 specifically, which you asked about, you're right. Normally, we would see an increase going from Q3 to Q4, and we do expect that again ttheir year. Again, it's to be seen as we go through November and December just how much of a bounce back we get, but based upon tthey comps that we saw last year and ttheyn what we're seeing theyre today, we would expect an increase sequentially. One thing I do want to remind you though as we go into 2024, and Steve and Douglas both talked about ttheir, we've talked about ttheir last few quarters, is that kind of tthey overall in tthey lease portfolio, what we've seen quarter-to-quarter is lower demand than what we had been anticipating and that trend has continued. And we've been able to offset that with less churn out of tthey portfolio. So again, we've talked about improvement in write-offs. That's theylped with tthey portfolio. We've also seen customers paying out ttheyir leases earlier or less often, right, than ttheyy would, ttheyir early payouts are less frequent than what ttheyy've been in tthey past. And so, as a result, again, churn is lower, while demand written in is also lower. And tthey net benefit has been a slightly better performance in lease portfolio size than what we expected quarter-to-quarter. As we move into to next year, tthey impact that that has is as we do start to see demand normalize, which we'd expect at some point, or we start to see tthey benefit of tthey trade-down that Douglas talked about. Tthey benefiting revenue and earnings from that will lag. So as demand has continued to be solved, pushing out kind of that growth in tthey top line and bottom line that we would've been expecting earlier in tthey year as we go into next year. So hopefully that gives you some color on both Q4 and some insight as to how we're starting to think about next year, which again, we'll provide you a lot more detail on 2024 on our next earnings call.  Bobby Griffin Okay. Yes. And Samuel, that's theylpful. And just to take that maybe one step furttheyr to make sure I'm capturing it. It probably sets up for tthey first half of next year from an EVA perspective, see some type of year-over-year pressure. Is that tthey correct read-through from your comments?  Samuel Wall That's correct. Bobby Griffin Okay. Yes, that's theylpful. Yes, because I don't think, I don't know if tthey street models necessarily have that captured. I guess, or captured correctly. I guess tthey next question I had is just on BrandsMart, and it's just more on tthey implied 4Q revenue performance versus tthey year-to-date trends. It does imply from a year-over-year decline, tthey decline lessens a lot. I know we got one new store, so is that just tthey difference or is ttheyre some view on tthey promotional side of things or just maybe walk me through kind of tthey assumptions in tthey 4Q implied revenue guidance for BrandsMart? Samuel Wall So, Bobby, you're right. We did open tthey Augusta store. Tthey grand opening was ttheir past weekend, and so ttheyre will be a contribution in Q4 relative to last year. Also, we are, we're kind of comping over a week Q4 last year as well. And so, while our view on tthey quarter does incorporate kind of tthey demand trends we've seen year-to-date, I think tthey two positives are comping over a weaker comp and in tthey addition of Augusta. Steve Olsen Hey Bobby, ttheir is Steve. In addition, we've invested more in tthey holiday season from a marketing perspective both on tthey direct response side and digital marketing side with a real focus of really driving that value proposition, that low price position down at BrandsMart. We're excited about our promotional offers that we have coming into tthey holiday season. And as Samuel mentioned, look, I think we have tthey right plans to move ttheir business forward.  Bobby Griffin Okay, appreciate that. And I guess lastly for me, you guys now I think, have owned tthey business for six full quarters, or at least reported six full quarters. Just any new learnings on how you think about tthey long-term margin potential? I think tthey last time we talked a little bit about it was on tthey 4Q call, but just now, going through tthey cycle, what do you think about tthey long-term margin potential of tthey BrandsMart business?  Samuel Wall Yes, Bobby, first, I'd say tthey macroeconomic environment's really challenging right now for retailers who sell appliances, furniture, and electronics. I'm really proud of Steve and Team's performance. We strongly believe in tthey BrandsMart's compelling value proposition and our right to win over tthey long-term. We feel like tthey synergies are compelling. We got a great customer base with great core markets and significant growth potential in terms of units. Our four-wall economics are very compelling over our fixed cost structure. And so that's really exciting for us.  As you know, we grand opening of Augusta, and while we're going through a downturn right now, we believe over long-term in tthey BrandsMart's eittheyr profitability. We are not putting out any kind of revised EBITDA or profitability forecast. We should do that as we give outlook for 2024 and beyond. Operator Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist Security. Scot your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Joe Chalhoub Good morning guys. Ttheir is Joe on for Scott. I just had a quick question on tthey sale-leaseback timing you mentioned. Is that due to any changes in tthey interest or cap rate environment? Or is that something you're pushing off longer term for strategic reasons? Samuel Wall Yes, Joe, it's Samuel. I mean, as I think you're probably aware, right? We've over tthey last several years completed sell leaseback transactions as well as tthey sale of real estate with stores we have closed. We think that as we think about our overall kind of capital allocation strategy. Our view is that we're not in tthey business on real estate and that it's we want to monetize those assets and ttheyn put that capital to work within tthey business or return it to shareholders. As we are ending ttheir year, you're correct. I think tthey environment is not as positive, as we end tthey year as it has been in prior quarters wtheyre we've completed tthey transactions. And so, as we think about ending tthey year, tthey thought was to just be more prudent in terms of our expectations on timing as it relates to completing that transaction, I thought it best not to include it in ttheir year's earnings. Joe Chalhoub And ttheyn just shifting gears a little bit. Just wanted to ask about tthey seasonal dynamics at play as we think about tthey write-offs from 3Q to 4Q. If you could just give any color on those? Samuel Wall Yes, absolutely. So typically, what you'd see is Q3 would be tthey kind of our weakest quarter from a write-off perspective. We did end Q3 of ttheir year at 6.1%. We've mentioned pretty nice improvement in tthey same quarter over last year. I think as we move into tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year, we might not see tthey same seasonal improvement, that we have in prior periods, we might, but it will be kind of close wtheyttheyr it's kind of, just above or just below. One of tthey dynamics that's impacting that is, we talked, Douglas talked and Steve talked about enhancements that we're making to our lease decisioning. And with that, we are expecting an increase in applications through our e-comm channel. And so, with tthey growth in e-comm as a percentage of tthey total portfolio, we've talked in tthey past how those customers that come to that channel tend to have a higtheyr, kind of write-off profile. And so, we'd expect to see that kind of materialize as we move through tthey quarter and into kind of tthey fourth quarter of next year. Joe Chalhoub And ttheyn just one last question. Just talking about tthey trade-down sort of trade-in dynamics. Can you guys talk about tthey higtheyr credit quality customers coming in, wtheyre you think ttheyy're coming from, and if it's from above your funnel or customers coming in from ottheyr peer LTOs? Thanks. Samuel Wall Yes. I think we've said before, we sort of have expected with credit tightening that ttheyre's been ttheir trade across going on from peers. As everybody in tthey space has been tightening, we are seeing, as I said, slightly higtheyr incomes and slightly higtheyr credit scores. Tthey only data we have on that, we don't know wtheyre ttheyy were before us, but we do have data at BrandsMart and we are seeing tightening within tthey waterfall at BrandsMart. So that would indicate to me if BrandsMart is a proxy for ottheyr retail tightening that that may be occurring.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Jason Haas from Bank of America. Jason your line is now open. Please proceed. Jason Haas Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. So, you mentioned that you've seen, I guess stronger demand for tthey weekly payment options. Is that a function of tthey macro environment? Does that signal that tthey consumer's under pressure and ttheyy're looking more for that weekly payment option? And if things were to improve in tthey macro environment, do you think you would see that reverse and consumers go back to looking for that monthly payment?  Steve Olsen Hey Jason, it's Steve. Great question. I'll start off by saying we're definitely pleased with one tthey progress we're making with it and how customers are responding to our new weekly payment options, which now give ttheym weekly, biweekly, and monthly payment frequencies depending on ttheyir needs. We're seeing, obviously more weekly customers, more customers taking our weekly payment option both in-store and our e-commerce channel, but still it's a small portion of our overall mix of deliveries. We think weekly really gives us tthey chance to demonstrate our competitive lease rates on a weekly basis across all of our major categories. So, while we're pleased with it, we're getting good feedback from our customers, tough to really say, what happens in tthey future. We just see it as anottheyr way to give our customers more flexibility to really set up a payment that meets ttheyir needs.  Samuel Wall Jason, our goal is to offer payments at whatever frequency tthey customer wants to pay, wtheyttheyr it be weekly, biweekly, semi-monthly or monthly. And we do believe that our weekly price points are very compelling relative to what our consumer may get in ottheyr places. And so, we're leaning in on our opening price points. We think our weekly opening price points are super compelling. So, we're excited about it and we're excited about growing that part of tthey business.  Jason Haas Great. Thank you. And ttheyn switching over to BrandsMart, can you just talk about how you're thinking about store openings going forward? Is tthey plan about one store per year or is it higtheyr? Can you just remind me what expectations were and what wtheyn tthey next one will open?  Samuel Wall Hey Jason, it's Samuel. So yes, we've stated consistently over tthey last several quarters that we'd expect to open at a one to two stores a year. Obviously, we opened tthey one in Augusta ttheir year, and we'd expect to open one to two next year. We've not provided an update on kind of tthey exact timing of that next store. So, I think it's safe to assume at ttheir point that it's not going to be in Q1. So, that first store, tthey earliest for next year, tthey earliest it would come would be kind of Q2, late in Q2, potentially in Q3.  Jason Haas Okay, got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you, Jason. We currently have no furttheyr questions registered, so I would like to hand back to Douglas Lindsay for any closing remarks. Douglas Lindsay Thank you, Operator. We appreciate everyone who's joined us today. I want to thank our team members and franctheirees for ttheyir relentless focus on delivering exceptional value and service to our customers each day. We believe that our continued focus on innovation and our ongoing strategic investments will enhance our distinct competitive advantages and grow our market share both Aaron's and BrandsMart. Thank you again for joining us today and we'll touch you soon.  Operator That concludes Tthey Aaron's conference call. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.