Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q2 2017 Earnings Call July 28, 2017 8:30 AM ET Executives Samuel Wall - Aaron's, Inc. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Analysts David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Paul Champine - Roe Equity Research LLC Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Operator Good morning. Welcome to tthey Aaron's, Inc. Second Quarter 2017 Earning Conference Call Please note ttheir event is being recorded. Participating ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron's, Inc. President and CEO; Douglas Lindsay, President of Aaron's Sales and Lease Ownership; Steve Michaels, Aaron's, Inc. CFO and President of Strategic Operations; and Ryan Woodley, CEO of Progressive Leasing. Now, I would like to introduce Samuel Wall, Vice President of Finance Investor Relations and Treasury. You may proceed. Samuel Wall - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our conference call to discuss Aaron's second quarter results which were released today. All related material including Form 8-K are available on tthey company's Investor Relations website, investors.aarons.com and ttheir webcast will be archived for replay ttheyre as well. Before tthey results are discussed, I'll remind investors about tthey Safe Harbor statement. Except for theirtorical information, tthey matters discussed today are forward-looking statements. As such, ttheyy involve several risks and uncertainties, and could cause actual result to differ materially from those predicted in Aaron's forward-looking statements. Please see our SEC filings for certain risks intheyrent in our business that may cause actual results to differ. Forward-looking statements that may be discussed today include Aaron's and Progressive's projected results for future periods, tthey update to our outlook for 2017, tthey benefits we expect from our acquisitions of tthey store operation of our largest franctheiree SEI, Aaron's strategy and ottheyr matters including those listed in tthey forward-looking statement disclaimer in our earnings press release publittheyyd today. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on forward-looking statements, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. During ttheir call, we will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items, which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. I will now turn tthey call over to Aaron's CEO, John Robinson. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Samuel. Thank you for joining us ttheir morning. We're very pleased with our performance in tthey second quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per share increased 15% on tthey gain in total revenues, and total customer count rose 3%. We've raised our full-year guidance to account for solid performance across tthey business, and we continue to invest to strengttheyn our leadership position in tthey lease-to-own industry. Progressive continued its strong momentum in tthey second quarter. Invoice volume rose at tthey fastest pace in two years. Growth is being driven by a diverse mix of retail partners, and tthey lease portfolio continues to generate strong performance. I couldn't be more proud of tthey team for achieving ttheyse outstanding results. We're encouraged about tthey progress we're making in tthey Aaron's business. Tthey team has done an outstanding job to lift overall execution, and we believe ttheyre are multiple opportunities for furttheyr improvement. In fact, we're accelerating investment in several of tthey initiatives we discussed on our last call. Ttheyse include investments expected to improve tthey customer experience, drive operational excellence, and optimize our product and service offerings. As announced ttheir morning, we've acquired one of our most successful franctheirees, SEI. Tthey franctheiree operates in attractive market primarily in tthey Norttheyast. It has a talented team of multi-unit and store level operators with a long track record of success. Tthey business has consistently been a top tier performer in our entire system and tthey team has developed best practices that we believe can be rolled out to tthey broader base. Ttheir acquisition along with tthey investments underscore our confidence in tthey direct-to-consumer model. I would personally like to thank SEI Founder, Charles Smithgall; and CEO, Chas Smithgall for ttheyir many contributions to Aaron's over tthey past 22 years. Tthey Smithgall's brought tremendous energy and insight to tthey company over tthey years. Along with Dave Edwards, ttheyy built a fantastic team and business which we are excited to operate into tthey future. So, thank you, Charles and Chas, very much for your partnership. We wish you tthey best of luck in tthey future. Overall, we're really pleased with performance in both businesses in tthey quarter. We've assembled an outstanding team and believe we have tthey financial capacity to continue to pursue our strategy. With that, I'll turn it over to Ryan to discuss Progressive. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, John. Progressive had an excellent quarter with record results driven by a diverse mix of verticals and strong lease portfolio performance. Total revenue increased 25% to $373 million. Invoice volume rose 32% driven by strength in new doors. Furniture, mobile and jewelry experienced particularly strong growth and we had solid gains across regional and national partners. Active doors increased 37% bringing tthey total number of doors that completed lease with Progressive during tthey quarter to just over 19,000. Invoice per active door declined 4.3%. Declines in invoice per active door moderated in tthey quarter due to strong performance from new and existing doors. EBITDA grew 20% and reactheyd 13.4% of revenue. Financial performance reflected strong invoice growth and increased operating efficiency even as we continue to invest in people and systems to support current and future growth. Tthey lease portfolio is performing extremely well. Bad debt expense was roughly flat with year-ago levels, and write-offs were 5.5% of revenue. Both bad debt and write-offs are on tthey lower end of tthey ranges we target, and we continue to have excellent visibility into tthey performance of tthey lease portfolio. We have raised our full-year outlook to reflect strong lease performance in tthey conversion of tthey pipeline atheyad of expectations. New retailer relationships represent significant opportunity for future growth and underscore tthey strength of tthey lease-to-own value proposition for both customers and retailers. We remain excited about tthey large unserved market and optimistic about our ability to continue to convert those opportunities. I'll now turn it over to Douglas for an update on tthey Aaron's business. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Ryan. Tthey second quarter reflected furttheyr progress on initiatives to improve operating efficiency and increase profitability. Adjusted EBITDA increased as a percentage of revenue by 100 basis points to 10.8%. Cost control, improved lease margin, and better customer retention rates all contributed to tthey result. Total revenues were down 10.7% and were impacted by a lower store count for tthey quarter. We closed 62 company-operated stores in tthey period and ended tthey second quarter with 10.5% fewer company-operated stores than tthey year-ago. Same-store revenues were negative 8.1%, and same-store customer counts decreased 4.8%. As in tthey first quarter, churn in tthey portfolio, delivery activity and average ticket price were better than expected. We've completed a significant amount of organizational work to effectively support our direct-to-consumer strategy, and tthey investments we are making are starting to pay off. Tthey second quarter benefited from lower store and store-support-centered costs and greater efficiency in our inventory supply chain. Lease margins improved as we optimize promotional activity, and tthey ongoing focus on collections process resulted in year-over-year improvement in merchandise write-offs. Improved operating discipline and a more systematic focus on analytics is enabling tthey team to better attack opportunities in tthey business. As we outlined in tthey earnings release, our increased outlook includes some additional investment in people and technology to enhance our customer experience. Lastly, I'd like to reiterate how excited I am about tthey SEI acquisition, and particularly tthey opportunity to work with Dave Edwards and their team. Dave has one of tthey best track records in tthey industry of operating a large-scale, multi-unit lease-to-own business. Adding a team of ttheir caliber will be a huge asset for tthey Aaron's business. I'll now turn it over to Steve to discuss tthey financials. Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Douglas. Now I'll turn to tthey financial details for tthey quarter. Revenue for tthey second quarter of 2017 were $815.6 million, an increase of 3.3% over tthey same period a year ago. Net earnings for tthey quarter declined 5.6% to $36.3 million versus $38.5 million a year ago. Net earnings for tthey second quarter on a non-GAAP basis were up 12% to $48.5 million compared with $43.3 million for tthey same period in 2016. Earnings per share, assuming dilution for tthey three months ended June 30, were $0.51 compared with $0.53 for tthey same period in 2016. Diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter increased 15.3% to $0.68 in 2017 versus $0.59 in 2016. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $95.7 million for tthey second quarter of ttheir year compared to $88.2 million for tthey same period last year. At June 30, 2017, tthey company had $260.3 million of cash on hand compared with $308.6 million of cash at tthey end of 2016. Cash generated from operating activities was $115.6 million through tthey first six months of 2017 compared with $325.5 million in 2016. Tthey difference was driven primarily by $181 million change in cash taxes paid between tthey two periods. Through normally sctheyduled amortization payments, we've reduced our total debt by $97 million since year-end. Tthey company has no furttheyr sctheyduled debt repayments through tthey balance of tthey year. At tthey end of June, we had a net debt-to-capitalization ratio of 7.2% and no outstanding balance on our $225 million revolving credit facility. Regarding tthey acquisition announced ttheir earlier ttheir morning, as we stated, we used cash on hand to fund tthey approximately $140 million purchase price. Including one-time transition and integration-related expenses, we expect tthey purchase to contribute approximately $0.05 on a non-GAAP EPS basis in 2017. As stated in our updated outlook, ttheir positive impact will be offset by additional investments in strategic initiatives within tthey Aaron's business. We remain conservatively capitalized following tthey acquisition with a pro forma net debt-to-capitalization of approximately 14.5%. Tthey tax rate in tthey quarter was 36.2% versus 37% in tthey year-ago quarter. Tthey company did not repurchase any shares during tthey quarter, and we currently have authorization to purchase an additional 7.9 million shares. Consolidated customer count increased 3% to 1,623,000 at June 30, 2017, up from 1,571,000 a year ago. Tthey company has updated its outlook for 2017 as follows: on a consolidated basis, we expect revenue of approximately $3.33 billion to $3.44 billion compared with tthey previous outlook of $3.1 billion to $3.31 billion; adjusted EBITDA of $355 million to $378 million compared with tthey previous outlook of $320 million to $353 million; GAAP diluted earnings per share in tthey range of $2.10 to $2.30, compared with tthey previous outlook of $1.85 to $2.10; and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in tthey range of $2.45 to $2.65, compared with tthey previous outlook of $2.15 to $2.40. Note that tthey increased outlook includes higtheyr revenues and adjusted EBITDA for both tthey Aaron's and Progressive businesses. I'll now turn it back to John before we move on to Q&A. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you, Steve. Thank you for your interest in Aaron's. We're pleased with our results for tthey second quarter and excited about continuing to innovate our business to provide more customers access to quality products for ttheyir homes and families. That concludes our prepared comments. I'll now turn tthey call back to tthey operator to open tthey lines for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Tthey first question comes from David Magee of SunTrust. Please go atheyad. David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Yes, hi. Good morning, everybody. Great quarter. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Good morning, David. David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. A couple of things. Ryan, on tthey Progressive business being very strong and very impressive, how much contribution at ttheir point if any are coming from tthey new accounts that you've announced ttheir year? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks for tthey question. As you know, I think from tthey timing of those press releases, both tthey larger accounts that were made public, Conn's and Signet, were weighted towards tthey end of that quarter. I think we barely started that rollout with Signet at tthey very, very end of tthey quarter. So, tthey results in Q2 would not reflect much in tthey way of door growth ttheyre but certainly, pleased to have those onboard and happy with tthey way ttheyy're ramping. David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Okay. And how would you describe, Ryan, tthey price competition right now, is it about tthey same or has ttheyre been any change in tthey trends? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. I think, I wouldn't say ttheyre's any material change from wtheyre we've been in previous quarters. It tends to be segmented as it has been in tthey past among different behavior at tthey regional level versus tthey national level. I'm certainly happy with tthey success we've had today. Great strong door growth in tthey quarter, super proud of tthey team for making that happen, I'm really happy with tthey folks, tthey retailers we're working with today. And really excited about tthey pipeline. David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. And maybe for Douglas, tthey better customer retention rates that you're seeing in business right now. How are you doing that and is ttheyre more upside to come from that metric? Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. We've been pleased with tthey churn numbers we've seen in tthey business. Tthey biggest component of churn is our returns. We've seen lower return rates ttheir year which I think is a reflection of our – I know is a reflection of our new promotional strategy. We were very promotional at tthey end of 2015 and so we saw a lot of returns come back in early 2016. We changed that strategy in late 2016, and we're not seeing as many returns now I think. What also is contributing to it is tthey lowering of write-offs and we're just getting better generally in tthey collections business. So, we expect to see that continue in tthey future and really pleased with tthey direction of that. And obviously that has theylped us to hold a lot more accounts going into tthey end of tthey second quarter. David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Thank you. And just one more for me. Over time if tthey store count were to come down furttheyr, I know ttheir year, obviously tthey closures have been offset by tthey purchase, but over time, if you see more closures – are you able to adjust tthey cost structure of Woodhaven to sort of match that? Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. David, yes, ttheir is Steve. And we're very active in Woodhaven. We've got tthey ability to – ttheyy are very nimble and flexible down ttheyre, but we're also diversifying that base by selling to some outside retailers, and that's growing very nicely for us. So, we continue to believe Woodhaven is a strategic asset for us, and we'll obviously pay attention to it and be mindful of it, but it's still a big part of our future plans. David G. Magee - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Great. Thanks, Steve. Good luck, guys. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from John Baugh of Stifel. Please go atheyad. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Thank you. Good morning, team, and great quarter. I guess I have several, but tthey first one, I'm curious on tthey acquisition, tthey Smithgall's selling. Was that sort of ttheyir prompting? Was that your prompting? Mutual? I'm just trying to get a sense of strategy theyre and wtheyttheyr ttheyre is future opportunities with ottheyr franctheirees in tthey system. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Hey, John. It's, John. Thanks for tthey question. Yeah. In terms of tthey timing, I think it was opportunistic for both sides. Honestly, SEI is a business we wanted to own for some time for a lot of tthey reasons we discussed in tthey press release and I can talk about as well. And I think tthey Smithgalls, it was a tough decision for ttheym. Ttheyy've been at it 20-plus years, but ttheyy believe it was tthey right time for ttheyir team members or customers and ttheymselves. So I think it was just kind of an opportunistic situation from both sides. From a strategic standpoint, it's a unique business. So, SEI is unique in its scale, unique in tthey fact that it occupies a single large region for us in tthey Norttheyast wtheyre we had a limited presence prior to tthey acquisition. And given, kind of, we think about it strategically in two big buckets. One is ttheyre's a big market opportunity out ttheyre for our lease-to-own products generally, so our omni-channel offering. We think 25% to 30% of tthey U.S. consumer population are our potential customers. And owning all of tthey assets in tthey right markets, wtheyttheyr it's stores, virtual offering, e-com, mobile, supply chain, that gives us more control operationally, and it gives us tthey flexibility to innovate our business model in whatever way tthey market dictates over time. And, as we've talked about, we believe tthey market is large, it's underpenetrated, and we need to continue to innovate to serve more customers. So, we believe owning all tthey assets in those markets will give us tthey best chance to do that. And ttheyn, from a SEI perspective, ttheyy're unique in tthey sense that ttheyy occupy a single large footprint, and ttheyy're a really profitable business. If you look at that business, it's about 100 stores, a little over 100 stores, which is tthey same size as our 10 operating divisions. Ttheyy're all about 100 stores. And interestingly – and ttheyy typically occupy one region. So, we're basically bolting on a new division. Tthey good part about ttheir is SEI as our newest division will be, on a LTM basis, our most profitable division. So, ttheyy're more profitable than any of our ottheyr 10 divisions. And tthey exciting part about it is we're getting that plus we're getting tthey team. So, we're getting Dave Edwards, who's been doing ttheir a really, really long time; one of tthey best operators in tthey industry, and a team of multi-unit and store-level managers that they put togettheyr. So, we feel like ttheyy're going to be fantastic for operating ttheir newest division for us, but also pollinating into ottheyr parts of our business wtheyre we could use some of ttheyir magic dust that ttheyy've sprinkled over tthey Norttheyast. So we're looking forward to bringing ttheym in, and couldn't be more excited about it. And tthey Smithgalls are incredible people, been great partners, and will remain great friends of ours in tthey company. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Thanks for tthey color. Maybe a question for Ryan; or you could take it, John, if you want. But I'm curious on Progressive, and I guess, I'll weave in tthey loss number, which was up year-over-year, but I know well within tthey bounds of what you target. Could you theylp us – strategically what kind of margin, you're growing very rapidly ttheyre? We've talked in tthey past about certain, I don't know, growth infrastructure costs that had disrupted margins. But I'm just curious about how you're thinking about tthey margin profile of that business given your rapid growth and wtheyttheyr you're targeting a certain loss number. Obviously, investors want to see your losses go to zero, but if you do that in subprime you're out of business. So, just curious on strategy around margin. Thank you. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. Appreciate tthey question. John. Ryan theyre. I think we have shared a couple of ranges in tthey past to give folks a sense for our thought process on that. For tthey write-off figure, we've shared an annual range of 5% to 7%. So, to your point, we're trending to be well within that annual range, if anything, maybe a little low, little favorable on that range. 5.5% sets us up well to finish tthey year comfortably within that range. And as you know, tthey compare is more a function of Q2 of last year than it is of Q2 ttheir year. We're very happy with tthey 5.5% performance in ttheir quarter. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Good. And should we expect tthey, sort of, and I know it's somewhat seasonal, but what EBITDA range are you targeting or returns on capital or whatever metrics you're looking at. We've got a lot of growth coming it looks like on an even bigger base and I'm just trying to get a sense of what you may need to build out infrastructure-wise and wtheyttheyr ttheyre'll be any drag on margin going forward. Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. We've said, on EBITDA, that we expect to be within an annual range of 11% to 13%, and tthey margin implied in tthey revised outlook provided today sort of puts us in that range comfortably. So, I think we'll take advantage of opportunities to continue to build out infrastructure as growth and scale provides it. We're growing very quickly, and we're investing a lot in people and systems, and we'll continue to do that. Tthey growth is theylping us obviously overcome some fixed costs, which is what you see theylping us out on tthey margin front. But 11% to 13% is what we said in tthey past. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Douglas, I don't want to leave you out. Last one. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Tthey commentary was that we're going to spend, I guess, in tthey back half what tthey accretion from SEI will contribute, and I think you referenced a few things, but wondering, and appreciated competitive things if you don't want to get into much detail, but if you could get more specific about what you're doing ttheyre? Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Sure. I think, generally, as we think about tthey direct-to-consumer business, which we consider to be our stores and our e-com platform, I mean, we're really bullish about tthey business. We're servicing a huge market, and tthey way we see tthey market, it's about 30% of tthey U.S. consumer base, and that's both banked, underbanked and unbanked, and we've spent a lot of time listening to our customer over tthey last quarter or so. We've been investing a lot of time in research, and we think we've got a lot of opportunities ttheyre. So, we've begun tthey journey of investing in tthey people and technology to build a better platform for our new customer experience, and ttheir is a omnichannel platform. Tthey main focus of it is really around a couple of aspects. One is speed of service. So, we think ttheyre's a big opportunity in our underwriting, in our approval process to approve more customers. Second, we really think ttheyre's an opportunity in expanding our product selections. So, we're investing in platforms, so we can offer more opportunities to our customer, both online and in our stores. And probably, one of tthey biggest opportunities we have is our e-com channel, and we're really thinking about e-com as a platform wtheyre we can leverage tthey millennial customer that we're underserving right now and really getting more access to tthey customer base and ttheir 30% that we're not touching right now. We know ttheyre are customers aging, and we think ttheyre's an opportunity to go after that customer more aggressively, and we're investing in that right now. And I think putting a wrapper around it, lower cost to serve, if we can serve ttheir customer base at a lower cost in a more efficient way wtheyre ttheyy can self-serve and we can leverage our back-end logistics and collections processes, we think we win. So, we're working on all those things. We're kind of in parallel paths, and we're investing in that, and that's tthey investment that you're seeing in tthey second half of our guidance. John Baugh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Great. Thanks for that color. Good luck. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Paul Champine of Roe Equity Research. Please go atheyad. Paul Champine - Roe Equity Research LLC Good morning and congratulation on tthey acquisition. Can you give us what tthey multiple was in terms of monthly sales on that deal price? Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Paul, ttheir is Steve. We're not really disclosing any ottheyr of tthey terms of tthey deal. Ttheyre will be disclosure in tthey subsequent Qs, but at ttheir time, it's $140 million purchase price approximately, and that's wtheyre we're leaving it. Paul Champine - Roe Equity Research LLC Understood. In light of that I wonder if you would give us tthey sales contribution you expect in tthey back half from that deal? Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Well, what I would say ttheyre is, ttheyre's some put and takes because as you know we've got non-retail sales that are derived from our franctheirees and with 100 stores and that's recognized on tthey face of tthey income statement versus an inter-company transfer wtheyn it's tthey company owned stores, so that revenue which is low margin for us, but that revenue would go away and ttheyn tthey royalty revenue would go away, offset by obviously tthey full store front revenue. So, ttheyre is an impact in tthey back half on tthey revenue for those five months, and it's included in tthey increased revenue guidance but we're not saying exactly what it is. Paul Champine - Roe Equity Research LLC Okay. With tthey deal do you think and I'm aware it's a theyalthy chain, but is ttheyre room for consolidation, maybe with company owned stores that are preexisting in those markets? How much overlap is ttheyre, and how does ttheir change, if it does, your outlook for unit count at Aaron's core overall? John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Ttheir is John, Paul. I can address it and, Douglas, feel free to jump in. I think ttheyre's limited overlap. Ttheir is a market wtheyre SEI is primarily in tthey norttheyast and ttheyre's not a tremendous overlap with company owned stores. Having said that, we will use tthey same process in kind of evaluating stores on a go-forward basis and rationalizing stores and markets at SEI as we've done at tthey company stores in tthey past. So, we'll expect that process to start once we get ttheir deal closed. So that would be tthey answer to tthey first question. And in terms of store count, I don't know if we'd provide any more guidance on that. Every quarter, we really look at our footprint broadly and just we're trying to be smart, look at spots wtheyre leases are coming due or if not wtheyre it makes sense to close tthey store early or move a store and we're just going to continue that process going forward. But I don't think we're giving any more guidance on that. Paul Champine - Roe Equity Research LLC Got it. Thank you. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Hey, good morning everybody and let me add my congratulations as well. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Brad. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. I wanted to first ask about tthey outlook for Progressive, very encouraging guidance theyre. It looks like tthey midpoint of your range is up by about $125 million for ttheir year. I was hoping you could just theylp us think about how much of that is a function of tthey strong door growth that we'd already been seeing over tthey last few quarters versus some of ttheyse new accounts that are going to be ramping up in tthey second half. And, again, in particular Signet and Conn's that have tthey potential to be so significant. How much are you baking in from ttheym in tthey second half? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. It's great to see that it's coming from both areas of tthey business. Existing doors are performing extremely well. Ttheyre's been great growth out of doors that were existing on tthey platform previous to tthey quarter as well as great expected growth coming from those new businesses. We're seeing new doors mature into increasing levels of productivity, perhaps even atheyad of tthey pace we expected, which is great. Ttheyre's obviously a lot of hard work being done by tthey teams on both sides, our teams and tthey teams at those retailers and ramping those doors, but ttheyy've done an excellent job. And what we see in tthey quarter, that accelerating invoice growth is really tthey function of onboarding a lot of new doors, as well as making sure those doors are increasingly productive. And that's what we're seeing. Tthey pipeline remains robust. I'd say tthey revised outlook is a function of tthey accounts we have and know of today rattheyr than expecting significant contribution from unknown accounts in tthey remainder of tthey year, but we're very happy with wtheyre we sit today. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Great. And ttheyn I wanted to follow up about tthey sort of synergies and interactions between Progressive and tthey legacy Aaron's business. One of tthey things that you called out about tthey acquisition is some investments in tthey supply-chain synergies between tthey two. Could you all just give us an update on how tthey two businesses interact today, and how you think you can improve that going forward? John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, sure, and Ryan, feel free to jump in. I mean, as you know we have 20-plus kind of hubs around tthey country wtheyre it's Progressive employees that are returning product from customers and QA-ing it and bringing it back to our Aaron's stores. Certainly, with tthey acquisition, it improves our supply-chain infrastructure from that perspective, so reverse logistics infrastructure I should say in tthey Norttheyast. That's an opportunity for us up ttheyre. In general, I would say it's been kind of consistent. We've gotten good performance out of it. It continues to grow, and I think ttheyre's more opportunity down tthey road. But it's not been, I wouldn't say a focal point for tthey Progressive business. I think ttheyy've done a great job while managing lease portfolios without it, it's been kind of an added plus in addition to tthey great analytics work we've done ttheyre. I don't know Ryan what comments you'd have on that. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. I'd just agree with what John said. For that area of tthey country in particular, it gives us extended reach into regions that may not be as well covered by tthey hub. We have a hub in tthey Boston area, but certainly it doesn't reach as effectively into New Hampshire or Maine or ottheyr markets wtheyre SEI is present. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Got you. Thank you so much. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. We just kind of see that as opportunity down tthey road, I think. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Sounds good. Thanks again. Operator Tthey next question comes from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I just had a quick question on Progressive. You got some pretty significant sequential improvement in terms of invoice volume per active door. I think you've touctheyd a little bit on some of tthey drivers. But I was just wondering if you could give us a bit more color because that was definitely something that jumped out at me on a positive way. Thank you. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. Sure thing. So, I think we had mentioned that we onboarded a lot of new doors in Q3 of last year. We had door growth obviously in Q2 as well, but a significant increase in Q3. So, we haven't quite started to lap those yet. But what has happened is that those doors that were onboarded have had time to mature and we're just seeing increasing levels of productivity from those doors, which is a great sign. So, obviously, with that increase in productivity, once we actually start to lap tthey count in Q3, we expect to see continued improvement in that metric. What's also theylping is that existing doors are performing well also. So, we're seeing increasing levels of productivity from increasing doors, which is theylping us support that metric. Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC Got it. And ttheyn, just one follow-up. I mean, I guess given those factors, would you expect to see a continued sequential improvement in terms of invoice volume per active door in tthey back half of ttheir year at Progressive? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Yes. Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC Okay. That's theylpful. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions. Most of ttheym have been answered, but I just wanted to go and get your sense from a macro level. Have you guys seen sort of any changes in tthey level of credit available out ttheyre, or what's driving your improved outlook for same-store sales at tthey core? Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. Ttheir is me, Kyle. It's Douglas. We've seen a firming up of, I would say, a lessening of our decline in deliveries which is good. So, coming out of tthey end of tthey second quarter, ttheyre's been some strength ttheyre. And ttheyn I mentioned before lower churn rate. That's also given us a more positive outlook and our collection rates are obviously improving as well. So, as we look at comps going forward, we're seeing improving comps throughout tthey remainder of tthey year, and I would say, sequentially improving comps from tthey third or tthey fourth quarter. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Yeah. And again – sorry. Go atheyad. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. In terms of tthey broader market, I think, we're just seeing what you're seeing in tthey paper. Our customer hasn't changed. We just think that we're collecting better on tthey customer and seem to be a little firming on deliveries. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, Kyle, I don't know from a macro standpoint that we have any great insight. I mean it feels like ttheyre's still a lot of credit availability out ttheyre in general, but I think ottheyr than just kind of. we don't see that specific, Progressive probably sees it a little bit more than Aaron's directly given that ttheyy're in tthey stack along tthey ottheyr finance providers, but I think, in general, that's been tthey case for a while. So, I don't think we've seen a significant change ttheyre. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Got it. Yeah. Ryan, can you give any commentary ttheyre. I just asked because ttheir is tthey first quarter we've really seen charge-offs rising for credit cards, specifically those that have gotten into subprime and seeing some guys pull back, and I'm just seeing, if that flows all tthey way down to your market? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. I think just referencing tthey response we discussed earlier, I think what Progressive is seeing is very much in line with expectations, and that sort of falls nicely within tthey ranges that we'd expect to see in lease portfolio performance. Tthey 5.5% write-offs, which is sort of tthey credit quality metric or lease portfolio performance metric we share is, if anything, maybe a little low. But we're happy with what we're seeing. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Great. Thanks. And I know you guys just announced an acquisition with John a couple of calls ago. I think you mentioned that you're looking at some strategic M&A, your balance ttheyyet remains very strong. Can you just provide some updated commentary on tthey theyels of that? John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Sure. I mean, in terms of kind of capital allocation, capital structure, we're not changing our thoughts on capital allocation. If you look over tthey past few years, we've taken a pretty balanced approach to our uses of capital. We've made acquisitions, we've invested in our business, and we've returned capital through dividends and share buybacks. And going forward, we expect to maintain a balanced approach. We do want to maintain our conservative balance ttheyyet. It's been a strategic weapon for us in terms of giving us tthey flexibility to be opportunistic and as was tthey case ttheir most recent acquisition. So following ttheir acquisition, we're going to continue to be conservatively capitalized. Our net debt-to-cap, kind of pro forma for tthey deal is less than 15% and tthey businesses continue to generate cash. So, we feel like we continue to be in a good spot from a financial flexibility standpoint and feel good about being ttheyre longer term. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Great. Thanks very much for answering my questions, and congratulations on a good quarter. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Kyle. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for any closing remarks. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Thank you so much for your interest in Aaron's. We appreciate your participation on tthey call, and look forward to updating you on our next call. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.