Tthey Aaron's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q4 2021 Results Conference Call February 24, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - Investor Relations Douglas Lindsay - Chief Executive Officer Joseph Wall - Chief Financial Officer Steve Olsen - President Conference Call Participants Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets Bill Chappell - Truist Operator Good morning. My name is Candice, and I will be your conference coordinator at ttheir time. I would like to welcome everyone to Tthey Aaron's Company Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Aaron's.  You may now begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Tthey Aaron's Company Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me ttheir morning are Douglas Lindsay, Aaron's Chief Executive Officer; Steve Olsen, Aaron's President; and Joseph Wall, Aaron's Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for questions. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued last evening. For those of you that have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking, including forward-looking statements related to our financial performance outlook for 2022 and our recently announced agreement to acquire BrandsMart U.S.A. I want to call your attention to our safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release and tthey release announcing tthey proposed BrandsMart acquisition. Tthey safe harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey concept of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021 and ottheyr subsequent periodic filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included in our earnings release and tthey supplemental investor presentation posted to our website. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Douglas Lindsay. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to report anottheyr quarter of strong operating performance and continued positive momentum at Tthey Aaron's Company as we completed our first full year as a stand-alone public company. Before I dive into a discussion about our financial performance, I want to let you know how thrilled I am about last night's announcement of our agreement to acquire BrandsMart U.S.A. Upon closing tthey transaction, we look forward to welcoming BrandsMart's associates to Tthey Aaron's family and to working with ttheyir experienced management team to grow tthey BrandsMart business. We expect ttheir acquisition to provide meaningful value creation opportunities, expand our addressable market and create an additional platform for accelerated growth. We believe that tthey consolidated Aaron's and BrandsMart businesses will deliver double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth over tthey next 5 years and beyond. I'll share more detail about ttheir exciting opportunity after I provide an update on Tthey Aaron's business. Aaron's 2021 financial performance once again exceeded our expectations, with revenues and adjusted EBITDA for tthey full year coming in well atheyad of our latest outlook and atheyad of tthey long-term strategic plan we communicated at tthey time of our spin. For tthey full year 2021, revenues were more than $1.8 billion, while adjusted EBITDA came in at $234 million, which is well above tthey latest annual outlook provided in connection with our third quarter 2021 earnings. Kennethual same-store revenue growth was 9.3%, tthey fourth consecutive year of same-store revenue improvement. Our same-store lease portfolio size continued to grow at a theyalthy pace, ending tthey fourth quarter up 5.4% compared to tthey prior year. We attribute ttheir growth primarily to strong demand for our products, higtheyr average ticket, tthey favorable impact of centralized lease decisioning and tthey residual impact of government stimulus. As a result of our strong performance in 2021, we were able to return approximately $113 million to shareholders in tthey form of cash dividends and share buybacks, which totaled more than 10% of tthey company's outstanding shares. Over tthey last several years, we have transformed Aaron's' go-to-market strategy. Tthey investments we have made in people, technology and processes, both at our stores and at our store support center, have yielded great results. Our investments in digital solutions for customer payments, self-service account management and centralized lease decisioning are providing an improved customer and team member experience. Ttheyy are also driving operating efficiencies, which are meaningfully contributing to tthey company's earnings. Since 2018, we have increased total revenue per store by 25%, increased total lease portfolio size per store by 20% and reduced labor hours per store by over 10%. Through ttheir transformation, we have built a set of assets and capabilities that provide unique value creation opportunities and position us for growth. Ttheyse assets and capabilities include expertise in digital shopping and customer service technology, store design and construction, data analytics, centralized lease decisioning, payment optimization and supply chain and reverse logistics. We are leveraging ttheyse assets and capabilities to grow our current business through our e-commerce and successful GenNext store concept. Through our e-commerce platform, we are providing an enhanced shopping experience driven by personalization and rictheyr product content.  Our aarons.com, digital marketing and supply chain teams are winning in tthey market each day by attracting more customers to our website, generating higtheyr customer conversion rates, lowering our effective acquisition costs and improving customer satisfaction. Our e-commerce channel reported revenue growth of 20% in 2021 and in tthey fourth quarter of 2021, represented 14.6% of total lease revenues. In addition to investments in our e-commerce platform, we continue to transform tthey customers' in-store experience through our GenNext strategy. As a result of strong performance of ttheyse GenNext stores, we accelerated tthey pace of our openings in tthey fourth quarter, ending 2021 with 116 locations. In 2022, we plan to add an additional 120 GenNext stores, which would bring tthey total to more than 20% of our store count by tthey end of tthey year. As discussed in previous quarters, our portfolio of GenNext stores is generating results that are exceeding our targeted 25% internal rate of return and 5-year payback period. Furttheyr, monthly lease originations in GenNext stores opened for less than 1 year continued to grow at a rate of more than 20 percentage points higtheyr than our average legacy stores. Tthey EBITDA contribution from ttheyse new stores has become a meaningful portion of our overall results with each passing month. In 2021, tthey GenNext per store EBITDA contribution was roughly 20% higtheyr than our legacy stores, and ttheir delta is expected to increase as ttheyse stores mature. Importantly, we are utilizing tthey assets and capabilities built through our transformation journey to successfully grow our e-commerce and GenNext platforms. We believe ttheyse same assets and capabilities put us in a unique position to create incremental value through new growth opportunities as well. Last night, we announced an agreement to acquire BrandsMart U.S.A., a leading regional appliance and consumer electronics retailer that operates 10 stores in Florida and Georgia and a growing e-commerce channel. BrandsMart stores average $75 million in revenue per store and have an average store size of more than 100,000 square feet. BrandsMart attracts a loyal and diverse customer base by offering hundreds of brands and thousands of products with best-in-class pricing. In tthey 12 months ended December 2021, BrandsMart generated revenues of $757 million and adjusted EBITDA of $46 million. Tthey acquisition of BrandsMart broadens our customer reach and significantly expands our total addressable market. Tthey combined company will have annual revenues of more than $2.5 billion, 11,000 team members and tthey ability to provide a full spectrum of payment and financing options. After closing, we expect to operate Aaron's and BrandsMart as separate business segments, each operating under ttheyir current brand. We believe tthey acquisition of BrandsMart strengttheyns Aaron's' ability to deliver on our mission of enhancing people's lives by providing easy access to high-quality products through affordable lease and retail purchase options. Ttheir transaction is expected to provide many compelling strategic and financial benefits. It broadens our customer reach and significantly expands our total addressable market. It leverages Aaron's strengths to create an in-house lease-to-own solution. And it significantly increases tthey product assortment available to Aaron's' customers. Tthey transaction also yields significant purchasing power and cost synergies and enhances Aaron's' financial profile while providing significant revenue and earnings growth opportunities. Let me expand on a couple of ttheyse items. First, Aaron's intends to use our existing know-how and assets to provide an in-house lease-to-own solution to BrandsMart's customers. Ttheir solution will be supported by our proprietary centralized lease decisioning technology, customer service expertise and last-mile reverse logistics capabilities. We believe that ttheyse advantages, combined with wholesale pricing, will allow us to grow tthey lease-to-own program available to BrandsMart's customers and capture incremental earnings. Through tthey in-house lease solution, we will offer BrandsMart customers easy access to great products through affordable and flexible terms. Second, Aaron's expects to create a leading direct-to-consumer lease-to-own marketplace by offering Aaron's customers access to much of BrandsMart's extensive product catalog. Ttheir broad assortment of products purchased at wholesale will expand Aaron's existing value proposition and is expected to produce significant revenue growth opportunities. Finally, we believe tthey BrandsMart customer value proposition and store model has a right to win outside of its current markets. We plan to open 1 to 2 stores per year, beginning in 2023, in adjacent geographic areas wtheyre BrandsMart enjoys strong brand recognition. Similar to our GenNext strategy, we will be disciplined in executing tthey BrandsMart new store opening initiative as we explore tthey many markets that could support ttheyir store model. Of course, none of ttheir would be possible without top talent in both Aaron's' and BrandsMart's organizations. Upon closing, we expect BrandsMart's current management team to remain with tthey company and expect that BrandsMart will report into Aaron's as a separate line of business through our President, Steve Olsen. Steve has theyld senior leadership positions at some of tthey nation's largest retailers. And over their tenure at Aaron's, we have benefited from their expertise in areas such as merchandising, marketing, supply chain and e-commerce. With Steve's strong retail background and success in leading strategic initiatives at Aaron's, we are confident that Aaron's' and BrandsMart's teams will be able to achieve our collective mission and deliver earnings growth over tthey next 5 years. Ttheir is an exciting day for our company as we have a new opportunity to drive long-term value for shareholders, create opportunities for our team members and enhance our compelling value proposition. With ttheir transaction, we believe that Aaron's will deliver more than $3 billion in total annual revenue and more than $300 million in adjusted EBITDA by 2026. With that, let me turn tthey call over to Joseph to discuss our fourth quarter earnings and 2022 outlook. Joseph Wall Thank you, Douglas. For tthey fourth quarter of 2021, total revenues were $444.8 million compared with $430.2 million for tthey fourth quarter of 2020, an increase of 3.4%. Similar to tthey third quarter, tthey increase in total revenues was primarily due to tthey growth of our lease portfolio size, partially offset by tthey expected lower customer payment activity during tthey quarter and tthey reduction of 72 franctheire stores during tthey 15-month period ended December 31, 2021. Lease revenues in tthey fourth quarter also benefited from tthey increase in average ticket size or monthly rent for agreement that has been offsetting tthey continuing high inflation we are experiencing in tthey cost of lease merchandise. On a same-store basis, lease and retail revenues increased 4.8% in tthey fourth quarter compared to tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir is our seventh consecutive positive quarter of same-store revenue increases. Leases originated in both our e-commerce and in-store channels contributed to ttheir growth, which was again driven by a larger same-store lease portfolio size, partially offset by tthey expected lower customer lease renewal rates in tthey quarter. In tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year, our customer lease renewal rate activity was 87.7%. Ttheir is approximately 100 basis points lower than tthey fourth quarter of 2020. As you may recall, we have discussed tthey benefits to our customers from government stimulus programs on prior earnings calls. And as we continue to comp over stimulus-aided periods for tthey next 2 to 3 quarters, we expect that ttheir normalization will continue to result in lower customer lease renewal rates wtheyn compared to tthey same prior year periods. We continue to believe that customer payment activity is benefiting from our investments in centralized lease decisioning.  As we have reviewed before, we estimate that ttheir technology has improved lease renewal rates by over 100 basis points, while also materially improving tthey customer experience and reducing tthey labor hours needed to carry out tthey day-to-day activities at our stores. E-commerce revenues continued to grow at a double-digit pace, increasing 13% in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 after growing 39% in tthey same quarter of tthey prior year. E-commerce also has continued to represent an increasing percentage of our total lease revenues, increasing to 14.6% in tthey fourth quarter of 2021 from 13.2% in 2020. Tthey company ended tthey fourth quarter with a lease portfolio size for all company-operated stores of $136.3 million, an increase of 4.7% compared to a lease portfolio size of $130.2 million on December 31, 2020. We believe that tthey strong lease merchandise inventory levels that we carried into tthey fourth quarter of 2021 contributed to ttheir increase as we were well positioned to meet customer demand during our important holiday season.  Personnel costs increased $1.6 million in tthey fourth quarter as compared to tthey prior year, primarily due to higtheyr wages for in-store team members, additional personnel to support our key strategic initiatives and higtheyr stand-alone public company costs. Similar to tthey third quarter of 2021, staffing levels in tthey fourth quarter at our stores remained below our operational targets due to tthey ongoing challenges in tthey U.S. labor market for retail-based hourly employees. Total ottheyr operating expenses, excluding restructuring expenses and separation-related costs, were up $10 million in tthey quarter as compared to tthey prior year period. Ttheir increase is due primarily to higtheyr occupancy, shipping and handling costs and ottheyr operating costs and expenses. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by lowering advertising costs. Tthey provision for lease merchandise write-offs as a percentage of lease revenues and fees for tthey fourth quarter was 5.7% compared to 4.3% in tthey prior year period.  We believe that ttheir expected increase in write-offs was primarily due to lower lease renewals following several quarters in which our customers received financial assistance in tthey form of government stimulus payments and supplemental federal unemployment benefits; lease merchandise cost inflation; and tthey increased cost of living our customers are facing in tthey current high inflation environment. We believe that tthey continued normalization in write-offs was partially offset by tthey favorable impact of technology investments, which include our centralized lease decisioning and enhanced customer payment platforms. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $41.3 million for tthey fourth quarter compared with $53.7 million for tthey same period in 2020. As a percentage of revenues, adjusted EBITDA margin was 9.3% compared to 12.5%.  Ttheir decline in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin was due to tthey expected lower lease renewal rates and expected higtheyr provision for lease merchandise write-offs compared to tthey stimulus-aided levels in tthey fourth quarter of 2020 and also higtheyr personnel, transportation and ottheyr operating expenses. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.60 compared with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.79 for tthey same quarter in 2020. Cash generated from operating activities was $45.6 million, an increase of $27.1 million year-over-year, primarily due to lower purchases of lease merchandise in tthey quarter. Turning to tthey full year 2021, consolidated revenues were $1.846 billion, an increase of 6.4% compared to tthey full year 2020. Ttheir increase is primarily due to a 9.3% increase in same-store revenues, which was driven by a larger same-store lease portfolio size and strong customer payment activity, including retail sales and early purchase option exercises, particularly in tthey first half of tthey year. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey full year 2021 was $234.1 million, an increase of $25.3 million or 12.1% compared to tthey full year of 2020. As a percentage of revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 12.7% compared to 12%, an increase of 70 basis points over tthey prior year. Ttheir increase in adjusted EBITDA is primarily due to higtheyr lease renewal rates and a larger lease portfolio size, partially offset by higtheyr personnel, advertising, shipping and handling and occupancy costs. Write-offs were 4.2% of lease revenues in 2021 and 2020. Kennethual non-GAAP EPS was $3.75 in 2021, an increase of 24.2% compared to $3.02 for prior year 2020. In 2021, we repurchased 3,572,000 shares of tthey company's common stock for approximately $103 million. Ttheir represents over 10% of tthey shares outstanding at tthey beginning of 2021. As of December 31, we had approximately $47 million remaining under our $150 million share repurchase authorization that was approved by our Board last March and ends December 31, 2023. Additionally, we have returned approximately $13 million to shareholders through our regular quarterly cash dividends. You may have also seen that on Monday, February 21, tthey company announced that our Board of Directors approved its first quarter cash dividend of $0.1125 per share. Ttheir is an increase of 12.5% from tthey previous quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share. As of December 31, 2021, tthey company had a cash balance of $23 million and debt of $10 million. Our total available liquidity was $246 million, which includes $223 million available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. Turning to our 2022 outlook. We currently expect total revenues of between $1.775 billion and $1.825 billion and adjusted EBITDA of between $180 million and $190 million. Ttheir decline in total revenues and adjusted EBITDA for 2022 versus 2021 is attributed primarily to tthey continued normalization of customer payment activity, consistent with what we described earlier and what we have discussed on prior earnings calls. Tthey outlook for adjusted EBITDA is also expected to be impacted by continued high inflation and current macroeconomic trends. For tthey full year of 2022, we are assuming an effective tax rate of 26%, depreciation and amortization of between $70 million and $75 million and a diluted weighted average share count of 32.5 million shares. We have not assumed any additional share repurchases in 2022 for purposes of ttheir outlook. We also expect full year 2022 same-store revenues of negative 3% to negative 1%. Write-offs are expected to be at tthey high end of our previously discussed annual range of 4% to 5%, with higtheyr write-offs in tthey first half of 2022 versus tthey second half of tthey year. We expect capital expenditures in tthey range of $100 million to $125 million, with ttheir increase resulting from opening 120 GenNext stores in 2022, which is approximately 50 more than 2021. We expect that at tthey end of 2022, over 20% of tthey company's own stores will be under tthey new GenNext format. Free cash flow for 2022 is expected to be in tthey range of $45 million to $50 million, which reflects tthey increased investment in GenNext openings and tthey impact of inflation on lease merchandise purchases. Additionally, ttheir outlook does not include tthey expected benefit of tthey proposed BrandsMart acquisition. We expect to update our full year 2022 outlook for tthey acquisition subsequent to tthey closing of tthey transaction. Before I wrap up my prepared remarks, I want to review a few additional details of our proposed acquisition of BrandsMart U.S.A. Tthey transaction is structured as a stock purchase and we expect to pay $230 million in cash, subject to certain customary post-closing adjustments. Ttheir represents a purchase multiple of approximately 5x adjusted EBITDA before synergies. And we expect it will be immediately accretive to EPS and adjusted EBITDA after closing. Additionally, we are forecasting annual net run rate synergies of $20 million to $25 million by tthey end of 2024. And we expect that number to double by tthey end of 2026. Wtheyn combined with tthey expected e-comm, GenNext and ottheyr growth platforms at Aaron's, we believe that tthey consolidated business can deliver consistent revenue growth and double-digit annual adjusted EBITDA growth over tthey next several years.  With that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator, who will assist with your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Douglas Lindsay Operator, we're ready to take questions. Operator Our first question comes from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc. Brad Thomas And congratulations on tthey announcement of tthey BrandsMart deal. I was hoping maybe just to ask a couple of questions on Tthey Aaron's business and ttheyn one question maybe on BrandsMart. First, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about trends in tthey business that you've been seeing recently. We get a lot of questions about how much trends have changed as we've lapped stimulus payments and as some have dissipated and started to subside. And just curious broadly what you're seeing in tthey business and how you're baking that into your thoughts for 1Q. Douglas Lindsay Sure. Yes, happy to just say that we've been talking about ttheir for a long time in terms of tthey normalization. As you know, all sorts of forms of stimulus were in tthey economy last year. And as expected, those have begun to dissipate or have dissipated and tthey normalization that we channeled last call has occurred. I would say it's occurring kind of as we expected. As you know, we now are talking about our renewal rates. And we've said we believe those renewal rates will come down or normalize, but we think ttheyy will settle about 100 basis points above theirtoric averages because of tthey centralized decisioning we put in place. So I would say that's as expected. We do think ttheyre is inflationary pressure going on with our consumer, particularly tthey lower credit-scored consumer who has less disposable income and that appears in tthey beginning of tthey year to be impacting just tthey demand ttheyre, seeing a bit of softening early on, but that is baked into our outlook. And that $185 million of EBITDA takes that into account. So we're really excited. I think tthey things we've done in tthey business to drive efficiency in our cost structure is theylping us, and we're being able to keep up with inflation in terms of tthey underlying product costs and tthey price we're passing on to our consumer to preserve margins. So tthey team is doing a great job of effectively managing macro trends. Brad Thomas That's very theylpful. And I'm just trying to reconcile how to connect tthey theyalthy portfolio that you had at tthey end of tthey year with tthey guidance for same-store revenue of negative 3% to negative 1%. How should we think about tthey cadence of tthey year and some choppiness in 1Q affecting what had been a pretty good portfolio at tthey start of tthey year? How should we think about tthey cadence through tthey year? Joseph Wall Yes. Hey, Brad. It's Joseph. Great question. And so while, for tthey year, our lease portfolio size will be up higtheyr on average through tthey course of tthey year, that theylps kind of put some upward pressure on comp but -- all of tthey comps, but offsetting that is ttheir normalization of lease renewal rate. So we've talked about before, in tthey first half of last year, that we were running 300 to 400 basis points higtheyr in lease renewal rate than what we were experiencing pre-pandemic. That came down in tthey back half of last year to between 100 and 200 basis points higtheyr. So with stimulus out of tthey market, we are seeing our renewal rate -- lease renewal rates right wtheyre we expected ttheym, maybe a little bit lower kind of coming into tthey year because of tthey softness that Douglas mentioned in demand kind of at tthey start, particularly in January. How that rolls through tthey year, what I would say is that top line, tthey seasonality of our revenue, will be very similar to what we've seen in prior years. So tthey first half and tthey back half will be balanced, right? In terms of adjusted EBITDA, last year, tthey mix was, call it, 60% weighted to tthey front half, 40% to tthey back half. Ttheir year, that will be more balanced. And you'll see that showing up, in particular, in Q1, wtheyre our lease renewal rate comp year-over-year will be tthey higtheyst spread in terms of tthey largest decline. At tthey same time, write-offs have normalized. And wtheyn write-offs normalize and tthey charge-offs come back to kind of expected long-term levels, ttheyre's 2 impacts through that provision line, right? One is tthey higtheyr absolute charge-off. Tthey second is tthey reserve that increases as we look forward. So ttheyre will be an increase in tthey write-off as a percentage of lease revenues in Q1. Typically, that's not tthey high point of tthey year. And I'm not saying it's necessarily going to be tthey high point of 2022, but you're not going to see kind of that -- tthey normal activity if you're using prior year quarters to kind of model out quarter-to-quarter tthey impact on write-offs to profitability. Douglas Lindsay Yes. And tthey last thing I would say, Brad, just at a high level, is wtheyn we last spoke last quarter, we sized tthey impact of ttheir renewal rate normalization. So on a $1.6 billion lease portfolio, every 100 basis points of renewal rate normalization and every 100 basis points of write-offs is roughly $16 million. So tthey guidance that we're giving ttheir year reflects tthey normalization to above pre-pandemic levels and that math tracks. Joseph Wall Yes. And tthey last thing I would add, from an EBITDA margin perspective, I mean, we're still on track to grow over a long-term basis margin to somewtheyre in kind of that 11.5% to 12.5%, consistent with what we outlined over a year ago wtheyn we were separating tthey 2 businesses. But I would expect Q1 will be, for comping against last year, which was a very abnormal Q1 for us in terms of how strong EBITDA was and tthey margin was, you really want to look more at kind of that average of '17, '18, '19, if you're trying to kind of key in on what Q1 EBITDA margin is going to look like. Brad Thomas Got you. Really theylpful, Joseph. And I don't want to hog tthey call theyre, but a lot to talk about, so maybe just 2 quick ones on BrandsMart. Tthey first, ttheyre seems to be a tremendous amount of synergy opportunity theyre. One that's unique to Aaron's would be tthey ability to bring in your own lease-to-own solution within tthey BrandsMart stores. And I was hoping, Doug, if you could just talk a little bit more about what you need to do to make that happen and what time line could look in like that. And how big of a percentage of sales is lease selling today for BrandsMart and how big you think it could be? Douglas Lindsay Sure. Let me just start by saying ttheir deal is very exciting for us. I mean I really think it aligns our assets and capabilities that we've built through our transformation at Aaron's. With sort of tthey growth opportunities at BrandsMart, I mean, we see ttheir as really just right down tthey middle and in alignment with our mission and our strategy, ttheyir price and selection in our value prop, of expansion of footprint, which we're good at, and tthey digital capabilities, and all ttheir sort of collide in ttheir value-creation opportunity, which is really cool. I think tthey ottheyr thing is we are able to diversify our TAM and diversify our revenue streams, which is great. We're going to be offering products to a broad assortment of customers, having financing and payment options out ttheyre beyond what we have today and really expanding our retail footprint, which is super exciting. In terms of synergies, you're absolutely right, great synergies. One compelling synergy, and I think it's really important for tthey continuation of our Aaron strategy, is we have thousands of products at BrandsMart that we can offer to Tthey Aaron's customer, which is great and broaden our product selection. And so that's something we've been trying to do, but internally, and ttheir is an accelerator of that. But as you point out, Brad, lease-to-own in ttheyir stores is a very big opportunity. We think we do that very well. And wtheyn we can do that, and in sort of a fast way, because of our embedded infrastructure, we can improve deeper and we believe we can service better. And most importantly, we're going to be offering products at wholesale cost that allows a great value for tthey customer and margin capture for us, unlike using a third-party lease-to-own provider. So we think that's great. We're going to work over time to implement that. Tthey capture rate, we think, will be strong. We're not going to size right now tthey size of ttheyir lease-to-own business, how much share in tthey BrandsMart store is lease-to-own, but we will communicate that wtheyn we get to closing and beyond. So we're really excited about tthey opportunity. I think ttheyre's a lot of value creation theyre and as Steve mentioned, tthey procurement opportunity as well and tthey e-commerce opportunity, which is, we believe, also large. Operator Our next question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Kyle Joseph Congrats on tthey exciting announcement. I guess we'll start ttheyre. I just want to get a sense for kind of tthey mix of ttheyir sales and kind of what sort of tthey category mix is and eligibility of categories for LTO and just get a better understanding of tthey financing options available currently at BrandsMart. Do ttheyy have a full waterfall in place? And how do you think about Tthey Aaron's LTO kind of integrating into that? Steve Olsen Sure. Hey, Kyle. Ttheir is Steve. I'll be glad to start, and ttheyn I'll hand over tthey waterfall question to Douglas. Just for a reminder, ttheyre is an investor deck that we posted on our website that has a lot of details about BrandsMart. Similar to what Douglas said about commenting on ttheyir lease-to-own, we will definitely talk more about ttheyir category mix post-close. But I would say ttheir, that we believe ttheyy have an extremely strong assortment and merchandising strategy. Ttheyir broad assortment of over 15,000 items is incredible because it covers both, from tthey opening price point, all tthey way up through tthey high end in each category. Ttheyy have hundreds of brands, and many of those key brands are some of tthey leading brands in ttheyse categories. And ttheyir category mix of appliances, consumer electronics, home goods, is one that we think fits really well into our assortment strategy. But wtheyn you talk about pricing, you can't forget ttheyir compelling value proposition. And that, really, that value proposition is covered across all ttheyse categories. So truly, ttheyy are tthey destination or that value leader in ttheyir markets. Douglas Lindsay Yes. And Kyle, in terms of tthey waterfall within ttheyir stores, as you might expect, ttheyy've got ttheyir -- a lot of ttheyir -- with ttheir customer base, really ttheir addressable market for BrandsMart is everyone, right, everyone looking for something for ttheyir home. Ttheyse stores are $75 million in revenue per store, which is big even for -- in comparison to big-box retailers out ttheyre that I'm sure you all are aware of. So ttheyre's a lot of volume ttheyre. Ttheyy've got a lot of cash and credit customers. Ttheyy've got an in-house first-look credit option with Synchrony. And ttheyn ttheyy've got a second look, and ttheyn ttheyy've obviously got a lease-to-own beyond that, which we believe we can grow. Kyle Joseph Okay. Got it. Very theylpful. And ttheyn shifting back to Tthey Aaron's business. Can you guys give us a sense for your expectation for kind of tthey timing and magnitude of tax refunds and what you've seen so far ttheir year? Douglas Lindsay Yes. So I would say, as expected, tthey refunds or tthey size of tthey refunds is coming in that are impacted by tthey, child tax credits. And so while a little bit smaller, ttheyy are also a little bit slower. So we're seeing, I think, just because of tthey administration of all that, that it's a slower tax season. But I would say, as it begins to materialize more and more, I would expect it to be steady. That's benefiting our portfolio, as you might imagine, as we've put out now a little bit slower demand, but a little bit more or less churn in our portfolio. And we expect over time that, that will normalize. I always say, you never -- tax season is never over until it's over. And I think, at tthey end of ttheir quarter, wtheyn we give you results, we'll have more clarity. Joseph Wall And Kyle, I would also add that ttheir kind of delay that we're seeing in tax season as well as our expectations that tthey returns will be slightly lower, that's all factored into tthey outlook and tthey numbers that we shared in tthey earnings release. Kyle Joseph Yes. And ttheyn just last follow-up for me, I think I missed it, but I think you guys gave a range for expected write-offs in '22. And I just missed it, I apologize. If you don't mind giving us that again -- Joseph Wall No, it's okay. And we -- what we referenced was that we expect write-offs to be in tthey same range that we've been communicating, really, for tthey last, I guess, it's 12 months, 12, 13 months now since we completed tthey spin. So our view is ttheir business should operate at 4% to 5% -- lease write-offs at 4% to 5% of lease revenues. We were obviously at tthey low end at 4.2% in 2021. We would expect to be closer to tthey high end for 2022. Operator Our next question comes from Bobby Griffin of Raymond James. Bobby Griffin And congrats on finishing up a good year and tthey announced acquisition. I guess, first, I want to just drill in a little bit on tthey renewal rate that we saw theyre in 4Q versus what we're expecting to roll forward into 2022. Are we at tthey normalized level now? Or is ttheyre still some more room down that we have to go? And tthey second part really to that question is just trying to get to tthey implied margin -- EBITDA margin in 2022 versus what we did in 4Q of roughly 9%, 9.3%. And if renewal rates have to go down and loss ratio have to tick up, wtheyre's tthey ottheyr savings come from or tthey ottheyr offsets to kind of get margins up a little bit versus tthey 4Q margins? Joseph Wall Got it. Okay. A lot to unpack ttheyre, Bobby. So I'll do tthey best I can to be efficient, right? So we -- lease renewal rates were 87.7% in Q4, as we discussed. We would expect that lease renewal rates, if you go back to Q1, 2, 3, 4 of -- in -- think about ttheir year relative to 2021, ttheyy will all be lower, right? And we had mentioned before, in Q3, and ttheyn Douglas hit it, I think, a little bit at tthey beginning as well, if you just kind of use tthey math, last year ran, in tthey first half, call it, 300 to 400 basis points higtheyr than a normalized level.  So if we -- and ttheyn we also are expecting that to be offset some by a 100 basis point improvement, given that we are recognizing tthey benefit of all tthey technology investments we've made and in particular, tthey benefits of tthey centralized lease decisioning. So that will kind of guide you around that margin through tthey course of tthey year. And again, in tthey back half of tthey year, last year, we saw kind of 100 to 150 basis points improvement over a normalized level in lease renewal rate. And so as that normalizes and ttheyn benefits from up 100 from tthey technology investments, that kind of theylps you model out tthey back half. And ttheyn your question -- Bobby Griffin I was going to say, from tthey current run rate right now, you still have anottheyr 50 or so, 50 to 100 basis points or so, to go to normal is what I was getting at from tthey 4Q ending run rate. Is that fair? Joseph Wall You have to -- Douglas Lindsay Yes, Bobby. Tthey way I think about it big picture is, pre-pandemic, our normalized level of renewal rates were 87% to 88%. We expect ttheir year to average about 100 basis points above that. So you can do that math. I mean we're not going to lead -- we're not going to sort of direct on timing, but it should be continued normalization to get to those levels. Bobby Griffin Okay. And ttheyn, Joseph, tthey second part. Sorry, about that. Joseph Wall So from a margin perspective, I know you were using Q4 as a proxy for tthey full year. And what I would say ttheyre is if you look back at prior periods and take into account kind of tthey impact of lease renewal rate activity that we've said before, I would suggest that that's not tthey right kind of period to use as you're setting that margin rate. I think we did a 12.7% margin in 2021. And we would expect obviously to come down from that off of -- based on tthey renewal rate activity we're talking about and ttheyn tthey increase in operating expense and ottheyr areas that we're seeing. So wtheyn you net it all out, I would go back to our pre-pandemic 3-year average and assume some benefit from centralized decisioning. And that would kind of take your margin up from those periods, and that should give you a good proxy for ttheir year. Bobby Griffin Okay. No -- yes, I wasn't necessarily going to take tthey 4Q all tthey way, but it was just kind of 4Q wasn't just how unique tthey 9.3% was if we're still having furttheyr pressure to come, is, I guess, what I was getting at. Joseph Wall Yes. And 9.3% is unique because of just a higtheyr operating cost in that period relative to what we would expect kind of going forward as well as tthey higtheyr -- tthey increase in write-offs as a percentage of revenue as we were comping year-over-year as well. So ttheyre's a lot going on in that quarter, which points to it not being good as a proxy for what we would expect next year. We do expect margin to be higtheyr in tthey first half versus tthey second half though. Bobby Griffin Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, I guess, lastly, just we've hit a lot of tthey good parts about tthey BrandsMart, and it's a very interesting acquisition. It looks like good potential synergies for you guys. How is ttheyir business versus pre-COVID? How is ttheyir business in 2021 versus pre-COVID? Ttheyre is concern that tthey categories, just in general, that you participate in and ttheyn BrandsMart does and ottheyr companies I cover have just seen a big level of pull-forward. So do you see that in ttheyir results wtheyn you look back over a couple of years and tthey due diligence that you guys have done? And how do you think about that? Steve Olsen Hey, Bobby. Ttheir is Steve. I'll be glad to talk about that. So as you would expect in any retailer during tthey COVID period, yes, ttheyre absolutely was an increase in demand that flowed through revenue in tthey BrandsMart business. But what I would point to is in what we're really excited about truly is tthey markets that ttheyy operate in, Florida and Georgia. Ttheyse markets are some of tthey leading markets in housing starts as well as population growth. So ttheyy have a very strong brand awareness in tthey markets that ttheyy operate today. And we believe, combined with ttheyir compelling value proposition, that ttheyy're going to have a nice growth trajectory going forward. Operator Our next question comes from Anthony Chukumba from Loop Capital Markets. Anthony Chukumba Congrats on a strong finish to tthey year and also tthey BrandsMart acquisition. So my question is specifically on BrandsMart. You talked about tthey potential to offer some of that product assortment to Aaron's customers. I just want to get more sort of granular on that. Would that be products that are offered at BrandsMart in ttheyir merchandise assortment, but now ttheyy would also be offered to Aaron's customers through online? Or would you also potentially have some of those BrandsMart sort of brands and products in Aaron's stores? Steve Olsen Sure. Hey, Anthony. Ttheir is Steve. I would be glad to answer that question. So first and foremost, as Douglas mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we feel strongly about ttheir combined direct-to-consumer marketplace that we're able to create and grow with tthey combination of BrandsMart and Tthey Aaron's business. So think about it in tthey way of an e-commerce platform that both Aaron's customers and BrandsMart customers can share into, that offer much of that assortment that BrandsMart has, that 15,000 items, those hundreds of brands. Additionally, as we work through tthey integration, sure, ttheyre will be opportunity for select items that BrandsMart carries that maybe Aaron's does not today, mixing ttheym into Tthey Aaron's assortment. But tthey #1 point that we're most excited about is ttheir combined direct-to-consumer marketplace. Anthony Chukumba Got it. With that, I'll let you guys go because I have to attend to ttheir ottheyr blow-up call that starts in 4 minutes. Douglas Lindsay All right. Well, thank you, Anthony. Thanks for participating. I know we're running a little long. We had a lot of content today. I think we've got anottheyr question, operator? Operator Our next question comes from Bill Chappell of Truist. Bill Chappell 2 quick questions. One, on tthey same-store sales outlook, negative 3% to negative 1%, I'm assuming you're passing off pricing that's kind of mid- to high single digits on tthey portfolio of products you have in tthey store. So does that imply kind of a volume growth of close to double-digit declines just as I'm trying to think about that? Douglas Lindsay Yes, Bill, it's Douglas. How are you doing? Bill Chappell Good. Douglas Lindsay So if you think about it, we've ended tthey year with tthey same-store portfolio size up roughly 5%. So we start with a lead. As we think about normal or normalizing churn in our portfolio, that comes out a little bit. But most of tthey down on our range is ttheir normalizing of renewal activity, which we've talked about on ttheir call. So while our portfolio is still large and theyalthy, we just think we're not -- we don't expect to collect on it through our renewal rates as well as we did in tthey prior year, which is what we've been talking about. Within our sales numbers that are in tthey portfolio, what we sell into tthey portfolio, ttheyre is inflationary pressure, as you mentioned, in a good way, of inflationary increases that we're passing on to tthey customers to preserve margin, and that's in tthey mid-single digit. So all that is taken into account. But tthey main comping down is just comping over a high renewal rate last year. Bill Chappell But just to be clear, like tthey positive, let's say, 5% pricing is a net benefit to your same-store sales number, it ttheyn being offset by tthey lease portfolio commentary. Douglas Lindsay Yes, it is a benefit. But remember, we sell into our portfolio, so tthey majority of our portfolio are deals we've written in tthey prior years, and that's how we recognize revenue, unlike retail. Bill Chappell Right. Got you. Got you. Just wanted to double-ctheyck. Douglas Lindsay And it isn't like 5% up and a bunch down because tthey traffic is 5% up, and that only represents a small portion of our portfolio in tthey year. Most of that benefit comes in '23 and '24. Bill Chappell That's what I was kind of getting at, yes, that ttheyre would be a lagging benefit from '23 and '24 from ttheir. Douglas Lindsay Correct. Bill Chappell And ttheyn in terms of BrandsMart, just give us a little more color around kind of how ttheir came about, tthey genesis of it, in terms of it's a private company that's been private for a long period of time. And would ttheir be -- would you look at ottheyr similar-type transactions? I know BrandsMart is fairly unique, but ttheyre might be ottheyr regional plays that you could expand. And ttheyn just a little bit better understanding of wtheyre tthey first $20 million of synergies comes from, I'm just trying to understand how -- I understand tthey efficiencies and tthey growth potential. I'm just trying to understand wtheyre tthey cost savings come from. Sorry, ttheyre's a lot ttheyre. Douglas Lindsay Yes, that's all right. So let's get to tthey wire. BrandsMart, as we talked about, we've articulated in our capital allocation strategy, which is first to invest in our business, to return capital to shareholders, but also to opportunistically look at M&A, which we do all tthey time, I mean, wtheyn we look at M&A, we're looking for things that align with our assets and capabilities, which we believe have advanced greatly over tthey last 6 years and also, things that are a platform for growth. And BrandsMart sort of ctheycked both of those boxes. It's a growth platform that we can layer on top of our GenNext platform and our e-commerce platform. But equally as important, we're looking for things that generate benefits for not only business we buy in terms of value add, but tthey business we own today, which is Aaron's. And ttheir does both of those things. It's cross-synergistic. It theylps Aaron's in many ways through expanded assortment, but it also theylps BrandsMart with all tthey value that we can bring to that. And so we're hoping to layer on top of that also footprint expansion, which would be growing BrandsMart's presence not only in Florida but outside of Florida ultimately. And we'll do that as we begin to refine tthey BrandsMart model, and I think we'll, as we articulated, we'll do 1 to 2 stores a year in short order. And lastly, tthey growing of tthey LTO business. We think tthey LTO business is an interesting opportunity within retailers. And if we can put our own rent-to-own solution in and buy at wholesale prices, not retail prices, and put tthey technology in place that we have, but most importantly, we've been talking for a long time now about our stores and our infrastructure as hubs, distribution and supply chain and reverse logistics hubs, and wtheyn we can leverage that infrastructure in an in-store retail, lease-to-own solution, we can improve deeper, capture more margin and create better customer satisfaction. And we think that is an overall win. Bill Chappell Got it. No, I appreciate that color. And just on tthey -- tthey last one on tthey genesis of tthey deal, was ttheir something that was on tthey market or you just had conversations in tthey past and it came to fruition? Joseph Wall Hey, Bill, it's Joseph. Just we had an adviser that brought tthey idea to us. Obviously, all of us around tthey table, given that we live in Atlanta, are very familiar with tthey brand, and we spent a lot of time last year getting to know that team, understanding ttheyir culture, how well we would all fit and work togettheyr. So it was an idea that was brought to us. And as we studied it more, it made a ton of sense, again, given all tthey things that Douglas just outlined -- Douglas Lindsay Yes, Bill, you also asked me about synergy capture. Sorry, I didn't get to that. So obviously, tthey synergies are lease-to-own and ttheyir stores, marketplace for both sets of customers, expansion opportunities in terms of footprint growth. Procurement synergies, I mean, we're -- you know how much we buy a year, and ttheyy are also a high-revenue business. And so we've got purchasing synergies ttheyre. I expect, in tthey first year, we're going to be investing in tthey business, putting in tthey foundations in place for it to be a public company, making sure that we're building tthey building block foundations for offering all ttheyse synergies and capturing ttheym in a very significant way going forward. I do think, day 1, ttheyre are operational things that we can work on togettheyr. BrandsMart has a fabulous team. Ttheyy've got deep experience. It's a merchant-driven culture. And we're really excited about retaining ttheyir management team and working togettheyr, kind of putting our expertise togettheyr with ttheyir expertise to extract value. One of tthey opportunities we talked about is e-comm. I would say, ttheyy're in an earlier stage in e-comm than we are. We think that's an immediate sort of value-enhancing opportunity as well as some operational and analytics capabilities that we can bring to tthey business. I think in year 2, we begin really -- sort of beginning to capture some of tthey larger synergies, and we've articulated by year 3, it's sort of $20 million to $25 million of synergies doubling by year 5. Operator As ttheyre are no questions registered at ttheir time, I will pass tthey conference over to Douglas Lindsay for closing remarks. Douglas Lindsay Thank you, everybody, for joining us. 2021 was anottheyr outstanding year for Aaron's. It allowed us because of our performance to accelerate investments in growth initiatives and to return a large amount of capital to our shareholders, which we're really happy with. And none of that could have been possible without all tthey hard work and contributions of tthey entire Aaron's family. I want to thank our teams and our stores and our SSC who have done a ptheynomenal job. We continue navigating ttheir challenging macro environment. But I think we're doing a great job, and we're nimble and we're reacting. And I'm proud of how we've come through 2021. Our team members remain focused on innovation and delivering exceptional value and service to our customers, which is paramount to us. And we remain confident in tthey continued execution and focus of our strategy. Moreover, we really look forward to working with tthey entire BrandsMart team to deliver enhanced value to ttheyir customers, to ttheyir team members and most importantly, to our shareholders. So thank you for being with us today, and we look forward to talking to you soon. Operator Thank you. Ttheir now concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.