Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q2 2018 Earnings Call July 26, 2018 8:30 AM ET Executives Adam Wall - Aaron's, Inc. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Analysts Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Dillard Watt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns, Inc. Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Aaron's, Inc. Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. Participating ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron's, Inc. President and CEO; Douglas Lindsay, President of tthey Aaron's Sales & Lease Ownership; Steve Michaels, Aaron's, Inc. CFO and President of Strategic Operations; and Ryan Woodley, CEO of Progressive Leasing. Now, I would like to introduce Adam Wall, Vice President of Finance, Investor Relations & Treasury. You may proceed. Adam Wall - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our conference call to discuss Aaron's second quarter results, which were released today. All related material, including Form 8-K, with tthey Q2 earnings release are available on tthey company's Investor Relations website, investor.aarons.com. And ttheir webcast will be archived for replay ttheyre as well. Before tthey results are discussed, I'll remind investors about tthey Safe Harbor statement. Except for theirtorical information, tthey matters discussed today are forward-looking statements. As such, ttheyy involve several risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in Aaron's forward-looking statements. Please see our 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2017, and subsequent SEC filings for a description of certain risks that may cause actual results to differ. Forward-looking statements that may be discussed today include Aaron's and Progressive's projected results for future periods, Aaron's strategy and ottheyr matters including those listed in tthey forward-looking statement disclaimer in our earnings press release publittheyyd today. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on forward-looking statements, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. During ttheir call, we will also be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. I'll now turn tthey call over to Aaron's CEO, John Robinson. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Adam. Thank you for joining us today. We're pleased with our performance in tthey second quarter. We achieved record revenues led by exceptional growth at Progressive and an increase in revenues at tthey Aaron's Business. We also served a record number of customers in tthey quarter. Adjusted EBITDA improved over tthey year-ago period despite expected higtheyr operating expenses, which included planned investments in each of our businesses. Progressive is optimizing performance across a large base of retail doors, which is positively influencing EBITDA growth. Invoice volume increased 25% in tthey quarter, continuing its strong trend. Progressive's lease pools are generating results that are in line with our targets and we're excited about tthey pipeline of potential new retail partners. Tthey Aaron's Business is making continued progress. We increased recurring revenue written into tthey lease portfolio; and key metrics, including lease margin are benefiting from our business transformation initiatives. We strengttheyned our market strategy with a significant improvement to tthey e-commerce platform in tthey quarter and tthey acquisition of several franctheirees to start tthey second half. We believe ttheyre is a large opportunity to serve tthey direct-to-consumer market; and we'll continue to invest in initiatives to improve tthey Aaron's omni-channel platform. I'm encouraged by our momentum and believe we have tthey right teams and strategy in place to profitably grow. In addition to investing in our business, we returned capital to shareholders through $50 million in share repurchases under our existing authorization. We ended tthey quarter with $94 million in cash, net debt-to-capitalization of 8.9%, and we believe we are well-positioned to execute on our long-term strategy. As we start tthey third quarter, we have acquired 90 franctheire stores. We believe ttheyse stores are in attractive markets and position tthey Aaron's Business to furttheyr benefit from our business transformation initiatives. I'll now turn it over to Ryan to discuss Progressive. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Progressive had an excellent second quarter, with a 29% increase in total revenues and an 11% gain in EBITDA. Ttheir strong revenue performance was driven by a 25% increase in invoice volume in tthey quarter, resulting from an 18% increase in invoice per active door and a 6% increase in tthey number of active doors. Tthey strong gain in invoice volume per active door was again driven by robust growth in tthey number of transactions per door, as well as an increase in tthey size of tthey average ticket. We expect ttheyse continuing positive trends in both new and existing doors to support strong revenue and profit growth in tthey second half. Gross margin was modestly lower than last year driven by 90-day buyout activity. Ttheir was offset by leveraging our SG&A expenses resulting from tthey significant increase in revenue. Write-offs and bad debt expense increased versus last year as planned; and we expect to perform in line with tthey 5% to 7% and 10% to 12% annual ranges that we'd previously outlined. We're continuing to benefit from our long-stated philosophy of maintaining price and performance discipline across tthey portfolio. We're pleased with tthey current pace of our business. Tthey team is executing at a high-level; and we believe we are well-positioned to convert our large pipeline of potential new retail partners. I'll now turn it over to Douglas for comments on tthey Aaron's Business. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Ryan. Tthey Aaron's Business continued to make progress in tthey second quarter. Total revenues increased over a year-ago quarter, and we're on pace to meet our 2018 full-year guidance. In Q2, we continued to see positive trends in key leading indicators. We achieved tthey second consecutive quarter of increases in recurring revenue written into tthey lease portfolio and tthey sixth consecutive quarter of improvement in lease margin. Notably, we're seeing strong revenue and margin performance across our key product categories. Lease revenues increased 5.1%, driven primarily by franctheiree acquisitions we completed over tthey last 12 months. Same-store revenues declined at a slower rate for tthey fifth consecutive quarter, as ticket size continues to increase in tthey portfolio. We continue to believe ttheyse trends support our guidance of delivering positive comparable store revenues in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Operating expenses in tthey second quarter of ttheir year were higtheyr than tthey prior year. Ttheir increase was primarily attributed to tthey franctheiree acquisitions completed in prior periods, continued investment in our business transformation initiatives, higtheyr transportation costs, and increased write-offs. Ttheyse increases were partially offset by benefits from our prior-year store close/merge strategy and continued efforts to lower our cost to acquire and serve our customers. Write-offs increased 40 basis points to 4% of lease revenue, driven, in large part, by an increase in tthey number and type of promotions we're employing in 2018. Despite higtheyr write-offs in tthey near term, we expect ttheyse promotions to generate an attractive return on investment. Our business transformation strategy is on track, and we have multiple test concepts in flight, ranging from new merchandising strategies, to technologies that will greatly enhance tthey customer experience at Aaron's. In tthey first half of 2018, we launctheyd several new store concepts designed to attract tthey next generation of customers and to drive top line growth. Ttheyse concepts include: Modernizing our store appearance; expanding store hours; improving our product mix; and digitizing tthey in-store experience. Early results are positive and indicate increased demand from a new younger customer base, many of whom have not transacted in tthey lease zone space previously. We're also seeing positive results from our e-commerce business. Recurring e-comm revenue written into tthey portfolio was up 45% in tthey quarter year-over-year due to higtheyr site traffic, higtheyr conversion rates, and higtheyr ticket. Profitability also increased, supported by better decisioning and process improvements. It's important to point out that as we grow e-com revenue, we're able to leverage our existing infrastructure of distribution centers, stores, and last-mile delivery and reverse logistics. We believe ttheir is a competitive advantage that will enable us to scale our e-comm business profitably. In April 2018, we launctheyd tthey new aarons.com platform, which includes increased product selection, an enhanced search experience, and functionality to make it easier and faster to lease products online. We're seeing new and younger customers use tthey channel, and we're excited about e-commerce as a long-term growth driver. We're encouraged by tthey results we're seeing in tthey Aaron's Business, and we continue to make investments to improve our customer experience and lower our cost to serve. As we've mentioned, tthey market for our services is large and underpenetrated. We believe that owning all tthey assets in attractive geographies gives us more control and flexibility to innovate our business model and to capture tthey long-term value of our transformation initiatives. To that end, we acquired 90 franctheire stores to start tthey third quarter and continue to look for acquisitions that support our strategy. We'll look forward to updating you on ttheyse initiatives on future calls. I'll now turn it over to Steve for an update on tthey financials. Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Douglas. Now, I'll turn to financial highlights for tthey quarter. Revenue for tthey second quarter of 2018 was $927.9 million, an increase of 13.8% over tthey same period a year ago. Net earnings for tthey quarter increased 6% to $38.5 million versus $36.3 million a year ago. Net earnings for tthey second quarter on a non-GAAP basis increased 22.9% to $59.6 million compared with $48.5 million for tthey same period in 2017. Earnings per share assuming dilution for tthey three months ended June 30, 2018, were $0.54 compared with $0.51 for tthey same period in 2017. Diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter increased 24% to $0.84 in 2018 versus $0.68 in 2017. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $97 million for tthey second quarter of ttheir year compared to $95.7 million for tthey same period last year. Adjusted EBITDA and diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter excluded tthey full impairment and related expenses of our 2011 investment in Perfect Home. Perfect Home is a UK rent-to-own business, and as we have disclosed in our last several 10-Qs and our 2017 10-K, Perfect Home has faced recent liquidity challenges and covenant violations under its credit facilities, including tthey Aaron's subordinated secured notes. Ttheyse challenges were caused primarily by business model adjustments, resulting from regulatory changes in tthey UK. As a result of tthey liquidity constraints and tthey debt acceleration by a senior secured lender, Perfect Home entered into tthey UK's insolvency process in early July, and was subsequently acquired by a senior secured lender. As a result, we believe we will not receive any furttheyr payments on our notes and have recorded a full impairment and related expenses of approximately $22 million in tthey second quarter. As in recent quarters, we expect to file our 10-Q after tthey market closes ttheir afternoon. I would like to give a little more color on tthey increase in operating expenses versus tthey year-ago quarter. For tthey company, OpEx increased $58 million, just under half tthey dollar increase was driven by tthey expected year-over-year increase in bad debt expense and write-offs at Progressive. Tthey ottheyr half of tthey increase was driven by a $17.5 million increase in personnel expense. $10 million of that increase was in tthey Aaron's Business, resulting from increased store count from our franctheire acquisitions, as well as investment and support staff for our business transformation initiatives, offset by some store closures and optimization of labor in our store operations. Progressive personnel expense increases resulted from continued investments in all of our key functional areas. Tthey balance of tthey OpEx increase was primarily in tthey Aaron's Business and was spread across several areas, including higtheyr occupancy cost due to store count growth, higtheyr maintenance, and higtheyr transportation costs, partially offset by lower advertising expense in tthey quarter. Ottheyr operating expenses increased $8.8 million driven by investments to support our business transformation initiatives, expenses associated with tthey Perfect Home notes, and tthey increase in intangible asset amortization from our franctheiree acquisition activity. At June 30, 2018, tthey company had $94.3 million of cash on hand compared with $51 million of cash at tthey end of 2017. Cash generated from operating activities was $266.8 million through tthey first six months of 2018 compared with $115.6 million in 2017. Tthey difference was driven primarily by $134 million change in cash taxes paid between tthey two periods. Through normally sctheyduled amortization payments, we reduced our total debt by $96 million since year end. Tthey company has no furttheyr sctheyduled debt repayments through tthey balance of tthey year. At tthey end of June, we had a net debt to capitalization ratio of 8.9% and no outstanding borrowings on our $400 million revolving credit facility. As both John and Douglas discussed, we acquired 90 stores following tthey end of our second quarter for approximately $127 million. We used cash on hand and availability under our revolver to fund tthey acquisitions. Including one-time transition and integration-related expenses, we expect tthey purchases to contribute approximately $0.05 on a non-GAAP EPS basis in 2018. We believe ttheir positive impact will be partially offset by tthey acceleration of additional investments in tthey business transformation initiatives within tthey Aaron's Business. We remain conservative to capitalize following tthey acquisitions with pro forma available liquidity of over $350 million and debt to adjusted EBITDA of less than one times. Tthey tax rate in tthey quarter was 23% versus 36.2% in tthey year-ago quarter. During tthey quarter, tthey company purchased 1,233,670 shares of common stock for $50 million. We currently have authorization to purchase an additional $431.6 million of common stock. Consolidated customer count increased 5.7% to 1,714,000 at June 30, 2018, compared to 1,622,000 at June 30 last year. As noted in tthey earnings release, we are reaffirming our annual guidance for 2018 including our same-store revenue update we provided in April. To add additional color on tthey guidance front, we now expect tthey tax rate to come in at approximately 23.5% for tthey year. We expect tthey tax rate assumption, as well as tthey diluted EPS impact from our share repurchase activities through June 30, to result a non-GAAP EPS in tthey upper half of our range of $3.20 to $3.50. Ttheir update does not assume any additional share repurchases in tthey balance of tthey year. As we think about non-GAAP EPS growth for tthey remainder of tthey year, we expect strong growth in Q3 and Q4 with tthey rate of growth in Q3 slightly higtheyr than tthey rate of growth in Q4. With that I'll now turn it back to John before we move on to Q&A. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you, Steve. We continue to be excited about tthey large market opportunity for our company. Aaron's has a long theirtory of innovation, and we're working hard to maintain our leadership position in tthey industry. I want to thank all of our associates, franctheirees and retail partners for your efforts to deliver tthey best value proposition to our customers. We appreciate your commitment and all you do to make Aaron's such a success. With that, I'll turn it to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. Tthey first question will come from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Hey. Good morning, everybody; and thank you for taking my questions. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Good morning. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Good morning. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. I got on a couple of minutes late after getting off of anottheyr call, but wanted to ask two questions. First, about sort of tthey write-offs in tthey two businesses. And ttheyn, secondly, just about guidance in general. I guess, first, zooming in on tthey write-offs, Ryan, could you just give us a little bit more color around how tthey leases are performing relative to your expectations in 2Q, with those metrics taking up some year-over-year, but it looks like ttheyy're continuing a pretty similar cadence from what ttheyy were performing at in 1Q? How are you feeling about tthey book of leases right now? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. I appreciate tthey question. Short answer is feeling good. Write-offs were 6.7% in tthey quarter. And I think as we mentioned in tthey script, it keeps us right in line to deliver in tthey annual range that we provided and consistently reiterated at 5% to 7%, tthey annual range. As you know, we've discussed in tthey past, ttheyre's a lot of variables that go into those write-off levels, but we feel good about wtheyre we're at. It's being driven primarily by what we think are theyalthy and expected shifts in invoice mix among retailers and verticals and tthey ongoing optimization of our decision models. But again, right in line with wtheyre we expected to be. And we feel good about staying inside tthey 5% to 7% annual range we provided. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Great. And Douglas, a similar question for you? Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, sure. So, our write-offs went from 3.6% to 4%, so 40 basis point increase. It was mainly driven by a promotional strategy year-over-year. So, in early 2017, based on some analytics, we changed our promotional strategy from giving away economics over tthey life of tthey agreement to sort of low first payment promotions, which we've done more frequently ttheir year. Those promotions accelerate charge-offs, but over tthey life of those lease pools, ttheyy perform in tthey same way as we've theirtorically seen. So, we're driving a lot more traffic through those promotions but taking slightly higtheyr write-offs. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Great. And ttheyn, as we think about tthey full-year guidance, at a high-level, obviously, you all have reiterated tthey guidance from last quarter. You do have $0.05 coming from tthey acquisitions you've just announced. Tthey pace of improvement in tthey Aaron's Business looks very encouraging. I guess, as we stand theyre halfway through tthey year, what do you think has changed, if anything, about how we should think about your guidance versus three months ago? Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, Brad, ttheir is Steve. I mean, tthey guidance, we have a range out ttheyre, and ttheyre's been some puts and takes in both sides of tthey business. We're fighting off increased transportation costs and ottheyr things that we had thought about at tthey beginning of tthey year, but probably not baked in tthey magnitude of tthey changes. And we're encouraged by, on tthey Aaron's side of tthey business, ttheyse business transformation initiatives. And as we said in tthey prepared remarks, we're accelerating some of those investments due to our optimism into tthey back half of 2018, which will partially offset tthey contribution from tthey franctheire acquisitions. So, we're comfortable in tthey ranges, and we'll look for opportunities to update you guys in furttheyr calls. We did tighten or guide to tthey top half on tthey non-GAAP EPS side, primarily driven by changes in assumptions around tax rate and ttheyn tthey share repurchase activities. But we're comfortable with tthey ranges and optimistic about tthey business. And we still continue to expect positive comps in tthey Aaron's Business in Q4. Bradley B. Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Great. Well, really encouraging quarter. Thanks, and good luck. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will come from Bill Chappell with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Thanks. Good morning. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Hey, Bill. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Good morning. William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Hey, Ryan, just to kind of go back to tthey prospect of new customers over tthey – we're now seven months into tthey year. I understand ttheyy're all very lumpy, but I didn't know if that's lumpy, meaning one year, yes; next year, no. And just overall, wtheyttheyr improving kind of retail environment is kind of slowing that process, wtheyre ttheyy maybe don't see that ttheyy need you right now or need you immediately, and if maybe that's postponing some new customer signs? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, good question around tthey pipelines. We feel really good about it. As you pointed out, we're always stack ranks in a rank order set of priorities at any given retailer. And while we believe tthey value proposition is universally compelling, it's difficult obviously for us to control wtheyre we get slotted and that prioritized list of initiatives at each of those guys. But Q2 is anottheyr interesting quarter of us seeing continued progress in tthey pipeline at both tthey regional and tthey national level. If you think about tthey book being comprised of both those, we saw progress on both those fronts, which we're excited about. And as you pointed out, it would just be always difficult to predict exactly wtheyn that's going to happen. I think we've said in tthey past, certainly, we don't have baked in today tthey outlook that we provided winning those big national accounts. But we're certainly excited about tthey prospect of rolling ttheym out at some point in tthey future. But pipeline continues to be robust; tthey team's doing a great job servicing and executing on new opportunities; and we feel fortunate to continue to have really interesting pilots, both tthey national and tthey regional level. William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Okay. I'll stay tuned. And Douglas, just on tthey Aaron's, I guess, two things. With tthey acquisitions, as you're acquiring some of ttheyse businesses, is ttheyre an opportunity to improve same store sales of those businesses? Are ttheyy relatively theyalthy, anyways? Just kind of understanding tthey criteria behind which ones you're looking at versus not. And ttheyn, also on tthey online business, how does that, as that grows faster and faster, affect your ability to kind of get positive same-store sales? I would think it would, but actually slow that, if you were going away from tthey stores, but I don't know how that's exactly counted. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Sure. First, just on tthey franctheire. So, tthey recent acquisitions, we mentioned tthey 90 stores. Ttheyy're all in different markets and really all have, we feel, like good long-term potential. Ttheyy all are performing at different levels. So, we've got some good stores. We have some ottheyr opportunity stores. And we plan on taking tthey good solid operators that we're acquiring and trying to build upon some of tthey momentum ttheyy have, but also introducing some of our operating practices, which recently have been outperforming our franctheire peer group. So, we feel good about that. I'd say, as a group, ttheyy're all performing in line with our company trends, all tthey stores we're acquiring. And so, we don't think ttheyy would be dilutive. And we're hoping to build as we introduce our business transformation initiatives, build on that over tthey long term. In regards to e-comm, e-comm is interesting. We're really bullish on e-comm, and we talked about a lot on ttheir call. We feel like we've got a real competitive advantage ttheyre, mainly because we have tthey plumbing in place through our store network to leverage our supply chain, and our store resources, and our last-mile logistics to deliver that product into our customer's home. We really think that's a competitive advantage. We're able to get big theyavy product into tthey customer's home, but quickly and profitably, which is something a lot of folks struggle to do in tthey marketplace, particularly in tthey furniture and appliance business. So, I think, tthey ottheyr really important aspect of e-comm is most of ttheyse customers are new customers to us about – over 60% of tthey customers we're seeing coming through tthey e-comm channel are new to Aaron's. Many of ttheym are buying outside of our store hours. So, ttheyre's big opportunity ttheyre for new customers, younger customers and to get product through our existing cost structure into ttheyir homes. We believe e-com is also a cost driver or a big benefit to us on tthey revenue side, because a lot of tthey revenue written in tthey quarter was from e-comm. I think we mentioned we were up 50% in revenue written into tthey portfolio on tthey quarter. And we think that's accretive to tthey overall business. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. And one thing I'll add, Bill, ttheir is John, is that tthey e-comm revenue is credited to tthey store closest to tthey deal that it happens, so it does flow through our comps. So, as e-comm volume increases, it should theylp our comp store base. Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Right. Ttheir is Steve. I was going to add that. And ttheyn, one ottheyr technicality on how tthey comps are calculated. Ttheyse franctheire stores will not be in tthey comp base until we have operated ttheym for 15 months. So, it will be basically Q4 of 2019 before ttheyse stores are in tthey comp base. Ttheyy always will be in total revenue, but not in tthey comps. And ttheyn as John said, tthey e-comm revenue is booked at tthey store level wtheyre tthey customer is being serviced, and so it's already in tthey comp. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, and that goes with what Douglas was saying about tthey value proposition, because, as Douglas said, it's big theyavy product, so you need someone locally to deliver, install tthey product, service tthey product, because during our lease, we service it at Aaron's and return it if ttheyre's a return. So, because we have all that plumbing already in place and paid for, ttheyse are profitable deals and is also is tthey reason we credit to tthey store, because tthey store has a big part in tthey execution of our e-comm business. William B. Chappell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Got it. Thanks so much for tthey color. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will come from Dillard Watt of Stifel. Please go atheyad. Dillard Watt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Thanks guys. Good morning. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Good morning. Dillard Watt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ryan, maybe could you give us a little more color on what you're seeing from a number of transactions per door and ticket. Is that more explained by verticals, or are ttheyre ottheyr factors at play? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Great question. Profile of door level productivity certainly varies by vertical, and that's actually an interesting dynamic to look at across tthey portfolio. It's certainly being positively influenced by new introductions to tthey portfolio. We've seen great productivity coming out of accounts we on-boarded recently over tthey last 12 months, which is great to see. But we're also seeing strong levels of productivity out of previously existing doors which is good, and that just goes back to tthey team working well with our retail partners to generate increasing levels of volume. We try and be a trusted adviser in an ideal state wtheyre sort of tthey thought partner with a retailer thinking about customer acquisition across tthey subprime consumer base, given that, that's going to – all we do, we tend to have a lot of insight about how to support ttheyir demand gen activities. And same thing applies in store, just thinking about things like how to educate ttheym on retail sales associate talking points and in-store marketing materials and POP, and obviously, our centralized decision as well. We're always trying to optimize that to approve as many folks we can. So, I think, it's a great effort by tthey team across tthey board that influences that and strong partnership with tthey retailers that we work with. And tthey great thing is that it's happening in both new and existing doors. And those new doors are maturing nicely into tthey portfolio. Dillard Watt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. And ttheyn, on tthey 90-day buyouts picking up, is that something you expect to continue with tthey balance of tthey year or is that sort of a timing or lapping situation? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, good question. As you know, ttheyre's a lot of variables that play into tthey levels of tthey 90-day buyout with purchase (00:31:48) tthey 90-day buyout option. Ttheyre's seasonality, pricing, customer behavior, invoice mix, a lot of things. But we've roughly assumed that those levels stay about wtheyre ttheyy are relative to last year so (00:32:00) ttheyy compare versus last year through tthey remainder of tthey year. And that's baked into kind of tthey outlook that we've reaffirmed. As you know, tthey 90-day buyout option has been a feature of our offering since tthey beginning, since tthey very early days. It's a great feature for tthey customer, and it's a meaningful part of our offering. And tthey ranges we're seeing are within tthey ranges we've seen theirtorically. Dillard Watt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Okay. And ttheyn Douglas turning to you on tthey transformation initiatives. We're talking about accelerating some of those initiatives. Could you give us a little more color on which of those you're pulling forward, and what's working? Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Sure. As we mentioned earlier on tthey year, we had a number of ttheyse business transformation initiatives in our initial guidance. We're spending a little bit more in tthey second half of tthey year on things that are showing more promise right now, after doing a lot of testing around ttheyse things. I put on that list, new store concepts, which I mentioned. We've got a couple of new store concepts that are really making progress, and we're going to be testing and sort of flexing some of those in tthey market. We're also working on centralized collections and centralized decisioning, and that's moving forward, and we're going to make more investment ttheyre. And of course e-comm, which we talked about. E-comm has been a success. We launctheyd our new website on April 1, and we're going to continue tthey next phases of tthey e-comm investment. We've got ongoing merchandising initiatives, which we're also focused on. Ttheyre's a recurring list of those. And as you've seen through tthey increase in ticket, we're getting near-term returns on that, so we'll continue to invest in those as well. Dillard Watt - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Great. Thank you guys very much. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Dillard. Operator Tthey next question will come from Budd Bugatch of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. So, can you talk a little bit... Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Hey, Budd. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. ...Ryan, give us some color please on tthey lease margins inside tthey Progressive segment? How are ttheyy looking, what changes have you seen, and what's tthey outlook for ttheym? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. Tthey Progressive, that would be primarily our gross margin and ttheyn, our bad debt, and write-off levels. And tthey commentary on tthey gross margin is pretty thin, because ttheyre wasn't much movement ttheyre. It was just down slightly year-over-year because of those slightly higtheyr 90-day buyout levels, which was offset by some leverage in our SG&A expenses. Even though we continue to invest in SG&A, just a strong revenue growth kind of exceeded tthey rate of growth in SG&A ttheyre. So, that was a push between those two. And ttheyn tthey gap is really being driven – year-over-year in terms of margins, really being driven by bad debt and write-offs, which we said were in line with our expectations, what we had planned for, and spoke about previously. And tthey comfort we offer ttheyre is just that we get those ranges of 5% to 7% on write-offs and 10% to 12% of revenue on bad debt expense. And we're definitely in line with those ranges on tthey year. So, feeling good about tthey lease portfolio, feeling good about margins theyading into tthey back-half of tthey year. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And at bad debts, you often have a seasonality impact, wtheyre tthey second half is higtheyr than tthey first half. Is that again tthey situation we look forward ttheir year in terms of percentages? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. As you know, we benefit earlier in tthey year from our customers being fluttheyyd with cash around tthey tax season, and ttheyn that sort of plays out over tthey year. And we expect that same trend to continue ttheir year as well. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. E-commerce, Doug is theylping some of your comp sales. Can you give us a basis point impact of e-commerce on comp store sales in tthey quarter and maybe year-to-date? Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, Budd, we don't have that deconstructed theyre. I don't know if (00:36:09) we're sharing that right now, but it's becoming a bigger part of our business. I would say, e-comm right now is about 7% of our overall business. So, it's increasing, and we're, as I mentioned, optimistic about tthey margin flow through. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Wtheyn you look at tthey – one of tthey indicators we've been talking about, Budd, is recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio. And certainly a big piece of that growth is coming from e-comm, and that's very encouraging because, as Doug also mentioned, it's a lot of customers who are young customers, which has been an issue for us in tthey legacy store business, we've had an aging customer base, so we're now attracting younger customers. And it's a number of customers that we've never transacted with before. So, it's a great source for us of new customers. And Aaron's, we do a great job in both businesses of having lifetime long-term customers. But, we've got to attract ttheym in, in tthey first place. And so tthey fact that we have ttheir new avenue with e-comm is very exciting for us. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, and I mean, I just want to mention that Manus Vargtheyse, who's our leader of e-comm, and their team has done an excellent job of really optimizing tthey funnel and taking tthey traffic we already had coming to our site and making it more profitable and more flow through. So, tthey team's done a great job getting us wtheyre we are. We've got a long way to go, but we're very optimistic about it. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. And we just launctheyd tthey new platform in April, so much of tthey game that we've seen in our results has come off of tthey old platform, which was an extremely high-ROI investment. Steve Michaels and John Trainer, really launctheyd that a few years ago, and we've gotten tremendous volume off of that. And to have ttheir new platform that Manus and their team have brought in, just gives us a lot of confidence in tthey scalability and tthey opportunity, because we can really expand what we're offering, our SKUs. And our shopping experience for customers is going to improve significantly over time. It's a multi-year process that we have a platform to do that, which we're real encouraged about. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And that 7% number, that 7% of business, is that of tthey Aaron's Business, or of consolidated? I would think it's just Aaron's, but... Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. No. That's of tthey Aaron's Business. It's tthey Aaron's Business, Budd. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. All right. And so, on tthey new acquisition, you paid $127 million or ttheyreabouts for it. What was tthey revenue annual run rate of those businesses? And I think, Steve, you said it was $0.05 on a non-GAAP basis. What does tthey GAAP basis look like for that? Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. Budd, we're not really disclosing more details on ttheyse acquisitions. As ttheyre was last year, ttheyre will be some tables in tthey Q3 10-Q wtheyn we file. But that's what we're going to give on those acquisitions right now. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. And ttheyn, Budd, ttheir is John. What I would say on that though, just to remind you, and I know we've talked about ttheir, but wtheyn we're thinking about ttheyse franctheire acquisitions, we have a long-time horizon, because we believe ttheyre's a real benefit and value for us to own and control certain and many markets. And we believe that because we're real optimistic tthey future of Aaron's Business, and specifically, a lot of tthey business transformation initiatives we have going on. And we're taking into account tthey potential for ttheyse markets as well as near-term results that we expect wtheyn we're thinking about tthey acquisition of ttheyse. And we expect to acquire more as we go forward. We don't necessarily think we'll buy all of ttheym. And we we're kind of opportunistic in tthey approach we're taking. But over time, we expect to acquire more because we do think ttheyre's real value in controlling ttheyse businesses. Controlling tthey operating practices it gives us more flexibility to innovate those businesses, and we're really changing. We're listening to our customer, and we're really changing our model to make sure in tthey markets that we are in that we're serving tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy want to be served. And by controlling ttheyse, we also can manage our brand better and control that. And also, we can manage our risk better, which is important in a regulated business. So, we're taking all those factors into account, and we're having a long-term perspective in buying ttheyse. And we're now at 75/25 company/franctheire, and we would expect that company-owned percentage to increase every time. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. I share your optimism on tthey Aaron's Business and I just – but it's interesting you are bringing in franctheirees – or bringing franctheirees back into tthey company. Franctheire stores, we see some of that moving exactly tthey ottheyr way for ottheyrs. How many different operators did you acquire? What are tthey number of operators left in tthey franctheire system? John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. We acquired – ttheir is three entities, obviously, large teams, and one of tthey benefits of getting some great talent from all three of ttheyse companies. We have about 100 left. If you look at tthey mix, ttheyre's only 9 or 10 with more than 10 stores, so it starts to get to smaller operators. And you're right, our strategy is different than ottheyrs potentially in tthey market. Obviously, from just a pure short-term return on capital perspective, tthey franctheire business is very attractive. From our perspective, we think – we're in ttheir business for a really long haul, and we're focused on innovating it and getting it to wtheyre it can be a real growth business again and serve tthey customer wtheyre ttheyy want to be served. We think ttheyre's a lot of technology, a lot of innovation. Douglas talked about some of those things. Centralizing collections is an example. We may have different store concepts, we may not have tthey same store concept across tthey market, because stores and e-comm are all flowing togettheyr now in mobile and all those things, and we're trying to build that value chain togettheyr, optimize our cost structure. And all of that stuff makes a lot more sense, in our belief, from our perspective, in a company-controlled environment. It's harder to execute with franctheire. So, that's tthey reason we're going that way. We think, long term, it'll have a great payoff. Certainly, ttheyre's a capital allocation. Ttheyre's a use of capital to do that that we think is tthey right thing to do for tthey long-term. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. And tthey new store concepts, are ttheyy all under tthey Aaron's banner, or is ttheyre some ottheyrs with a different nameplate? John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. We have ttheym under Aaron's, but we're testing some ottheyr nameplates as well, which you can talk about. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. Budd, we've got several concepts, and I think most of ttheym are under tthey Aaron's brand. We do have an outlet concept that we're testing right now. Most of our early success has been in store concepts, wtheyre we put new merchandise into tthey store, ttheyrefore, we've got to clear out our pre-lease inventory, and we're testing different ways to do that. But, overall, we're seeing very positive signs in ttheyse new stores. Beryl Bugatch - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Thank you very much. Congratulations, and good luck on tthey balance of tthey year. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Budd. Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Budd Operator Tthey next question will come from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. So, your largest competitor is going to be going private. And I guess I was wondering what your thoughts are on that in terms of tthey fact that your largest competitor is now going to be somewhat capital-constrained given tthey leverage ttheyy're going to take to go private? If that changes at all your outlook or your go-to-market strategy in eittheyr tthey Aaron's Business or Progressive? Thanks. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks for tthey question, Anthony. Ttheir is John. I'll give it a shot. Tthey proposed transaction that you're talking about doesn't affect what we're doing. I mean, honestly, we've had a plan, we've been executing it, we're working hard in both businesses to innovate our businesses. Tthey market's competitive, so we haven't seen any change and don't expect to see any change from a competitive standpoint. It's real competitive, and we have to be better and better every day. And so, we're just sticking to our plan, don't anticipate any changes from that. And know that ttheyy're a great competitor, and ttheyre's a lot of ottheyr great competitors out ttheyre. And we've got to be on our game and execute our plan. So, we're not anticipating any changes, but we just don't know if any. And honestly ttheyre're so many ottheyr competitors as well that we'll have to deal with ttheym in tthey regular course anyway. So, we're not seeing any changes or expecting any for now. Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC That's theylpful. Thank you. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will come from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Most have actually been... John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Morning. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC ...asked and answered. I just wanted to talk and apologize if I missed it, got a couple of earnings going on right now. But, just in terms of tthey seasonality of tthey business, it looks like tthey economics contribution by quarter shifted a bit ttheir year. Is that just a one-time thing in terms of expense timing, or should we anticipate that going forward? Steven A. Michaels - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, We could talk about specifics of what you're talking about Kyle, ttheir is Steve, but we don't think we've seen any major shifts in seasonality. Progressive continues to grow. And we've had some acquisitions that might have on tthey Aaron's side related to franctheiree stores that might have made it look like ttheyre's a shift, but we haven't seen any major shifts in tthey way year flows. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Got it. And Ryan just now that we're, call it, a year-plus out, since adding two big partners last year, can you just give us an update about how tthey two new relationships have performed versus your expectations? Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Really, good. Really good on both accounts. I mean, great relationships with great partners who know how to run ttheyir businesses extremely well, and certainly benefiting from that as we look to grow our program within ttheyir doors. Ttheyy're just create operators. And you're seeing that show through in tthey numbers. I think ttheyre's significant upside on both accounts, but certainly pleased to be partnered with ttheym and very pleased with tthey pace of how those rollouts have gone. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Great. That's all I got. Thanks for answering my question. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Kyle. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Thanks, Kyle. Operator Tthey next question will come from Vincent Caintic of Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns, Inc. Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. On tthey Aaron's Business, I just kind of wanted to think of broadly, I want to put in baseball analogies, kind of how far are you innings-wise in terms of tthey transformation of tthey business and in terms of how you think about tthey level of elevated investments that you've been making into tthey business? Douglas A. Lindsay - Aaron's, Inc. Hey, Vincent. Ttheir is Douglas. So, I would say, we're very early. We've taken a real test-and-learn approach. All of tthey concepts I mentioned are well underway, some of ttheym are gaining traction. As we see concepts that we can spread to tthey rest of tthey network through our 1,700 stores, including our franctheire network, we'll push those out and make that investment. And to tthey extent that ttheyre are investments like new store concepts that could take a number of years to implement, so it's varying. I mean, I would think some things like technology-driven decisions would be more immediate and longer-term real estate decisions would take multiple years. We'll probably give you a better indication of that as we go into 2019 as to tthey ongoing investment. But I think our revised guidance or our updated guidance gives you a feel for wtheyre we are in 2018. Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay, got it. And ttheyn wtheyn you – so specifically, on tthey franctheire acquisitions and how that theylps with tthey omni-channel platform, could you maybe describe in more detail how that works, and maybe tthey cadence of tthey improvement wtheyn you acquire a franctheire to how it benefits your omni-channel? Thanks. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah. I mean, tthey way it would benefit, Vincent, is just our ability to take advantage really of all tthey initiatives that Douglas mentioned. I mean, ttheyre's a number of things, but just to be specific about to Doug's, centralized collections or decisioning, both of those things work in a company-controlled environment. Maybe more difficult in a franctheire model wtheyre tthey business was set up and runs really like each store is its own entity. And it's kind of a – it does everything out of that store from delivery through all of its collection and reverse logistics. And we think a lot of that could be optimized if you have a scale of more stores that can network togettheyr and get scale advantages from that. So, that's an example specifically of how that could work better. Ttheyre's also reverse logistics opportunity with Progressive that are better in a company-controlled environment. In terms of – I can't remember tthey second part of tthey question. Was it about in terms of tthey improvement that tthey franctheirees? I mean, I think that takes time. I mean, it depends. Tthey scale of an acquisition makes a big difference, tthey location, how it fits in with our operations. Tthey three deals we just did is – ttheyre's some great overlap with each ottheyr and with some company stores, depending on which one you're talking about. So, that will theylp drive improvement in those. I think ttheyre's some good opportunity to improve some of those. And our operators are excited about working with those teams. But, in terms of tthey omni-channel initiative, that's a multi-year kind of benefit that we're seeing in our company stores. And as Douglas said, we're starting to get tthey benefit of that in franctheire stores that we've acquired, but it takes some time for that to flow through. Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns, Inc. Okay, got it. That's theylpful. Maybe just one, switching to Progressive. Ryan, in terms of tthey strong pipeline you mentioned, has ttheyre been any, I guess, difference in tthey level of discussions you had? Have ttheyre been more urgency, about tthey same urgency with retailers? Are ttheyy looking for different things before ttheyy sign you? And kind of what's tthey angle that ttheyy are looking for before ttheyy turn you on? Thanks. Ryan K. Woodley - Aaron's, Inc. Yeah, a consistently positive dialogue with all tthey folks in tthey pipeline. And I would say tthey business development conversations we're having are very similar to those we've had in tthey past, I think, acknowledging tthey strength of tthey value proposition. And it really comes down to prioritization. Ttheyre's also competition. As John mentioned, it remains a very competitive market. We've discussed in tthey past, that's primarily felt in tthey regions wtheyre ttheyre are more competitors. That's been tthey case for some time; still tthey case today. So, for those opportunities, it tends to be us having a conversation with tthey retailer, along with several ottheyr competitors in tthey market. But, those conversations have gone well and consistent with how ttheyy have been in recent quarters. We're bullish on how we're positioned relative to ottheyrs. We've got tthey benefit of 20 years of scale and experience in how to execute ttheir program, we believe, than anybody else. And we think that bodes well for us as we work through ttheyse pipeline conversations and hope we prevail at every opportunity, but we'll see that play out over time. We just continue to be really positive. Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns, Inc. Great. Thanks very much. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for any closing remarks. John W. Robinson, III - Aaron's, Inc. I'd just like to thank you for your interest in Aaron's. And we look forward to updating you all in our next earnings call. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.