Tthey Aaron's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q3 2022 Results Earnings Conference Call October 25, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Keith Hancock - Senior Director of Corporate Affairs Douglas Lindsay - Chief Executive Officer Steve Olsen - President Wayne Wall - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Markets LLC Kyle Joseph - Jefferies LLC Scot Ciccarelli - Truist Securities  Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Jason Haas - Bank of America Securities, Inc. Operator Hello, everyone. And welcome to Tthey Aaron's Company Q3 Earnings Call. My name is Charlie and I'll be coordinating tthey call today. You will have tthey opportunity to ask your question at tthey end of tthey presentation. [Operator Instructions].  And I'll hand over to your host Keith Hancock, Senior Director of Corporate Affairs, to begin. Keith, please go atheyad. Keith Hancock Thank you. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to Tthey Aaron's Company's third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are Douglas Lindsay, our Chief Executive Officer; Steve Olsen, our President; and Wayne Wall, our Chief Financial Officer. After our review of tthey third quarter, we will open tthey call for questions. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued yesterday afternoon. For those of you who have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com.  With our third quarter release, we are updating our reporting format. Ttheir simplified book provides an efficient and easy comparison of important metrics against previous quarters and includes additional commentary about our results. Our accompanying PowerPoint presentation also available on tthey website is also focused on results from tthey third quarter. During today's call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking, including those related to our financial performance outlook for tthey remainder of 2022. Please refer to our safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey safe harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements.  Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021, and ottheyr subsequent periodic filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause tthey actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. On today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included in our earnings release and tthey supplemental investor presentation posted on our website. Now, please welcome Tthey Aaron's Company CEO, Douglas Lindsay, to share more about our third quarter results. Douglas? Douglas Lindsay Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us and for your interest in Tthey Aaron's Company. Today we're pleased to report our consolidated company results for tthey third quarter of 2022, which closed on September 30.  Ttheir quarter, we delivered solid results for both revenues and adjusted earnings in what remains a challenging economic environment. And as a result, we are raising tthey midpoint of tthey full-year 2022 guidance we provided on July 25th. Within tthey Aaron's Business segment, high inflation continues to impact our core customer. While gas prices fell during tthey quarter, food and housing costs remain high. Despite ttheyse theyadwinds, merchandise deliveries to our customers steadily improved during tthey quarter, resulting in revenue and earnings for tthey Aaron's Business coming in line with our expectations.  Our third quarter performance benefited from ongoing investments in lease decisioning and digital payment and servicing platforms, as well as continued investments in our key growth strategies, including aarons.com and our GenNext store program. Ttheyse platforms give our customers increased flexibility in wtheyre and how ttheyy shop, eittheyr online or in a beautiful Aaron's store.  Meanwhile, we remain focused on driving efficiencies in our cost structure and leveraging our data analytics and technology platforms to drive profitability. We're also executing on our previously announced real estate repositioning and optimization program, and ttheir quarter initiated a new plan to furttheyr reduce expenses.  Turning to BrandsMart, we continue to be pleased with ttheir acquisition. BrandsMart U.S.A. is tthey low price leader and a retailer of choice for appliances and consumer electronics in tthey markets we serve. We believe our competitive position in both price and selection is a meaningful differentiator in attracting new and repeat customers from across tthey credit spectrum.  In tthey third quarter, BrandsMart once again performed at a high level, with both product sales and ecommerce channel performance surpassing our internal expectations. Moving forward, we remain confident in BrandsMart's growth potential and optimistic about capturing tthey synergies analysis at tthey time of tthey acquisition. In particular, we're excited to open our first new BrandsMart store in 2023.  Finally, I want to thank all of our team members of both Aaron's and BrandsMart for theylping us deliver positive results ttheir quarter, and for remaining focused on our key initiatives. Togettheyr with our strong balance ttheyyet and liquidity, we believe our focus on innovation in both businesses enables us to deliver our market leading value proposition to a large and diversified customer base, while positioning us for future growth.  Before I turn tthey call over to our President, Steve Olsen, I want to particularly recognize tthey hard work and dedication of our teams in responding to Hurricane Ian. Through ttheyir efforts, we were able to ensure tthey safety and security of all impacted team members and to reopen our stores quickly.  I will now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Olsen  Thank you, Douglas. I second your remarks in thanking all of our team members across Aaron's, BrandsMart and Woodhaven. Your focus and commitment on customer service, continued innovation, and winning in tthey marketplace is truly outstanding. I am proud to be a part of ttheir team and I look forward to working with you and growing our business.  Now turning to tthey performance of tthey Aaron's Business segment. As Douglas mentioned, our customers continue to face challenges due to inflationary and ottheyr economic pressures. Despite ttheyse theyadwinds, tthey Aaron's Business still delivered third quarter results in line with our expectations.  As expected, we continue to see softening in our lease renewal rate, higtheyr lease merchandise returns, and increased charge-off. In tthey quarter, our customer lease renewal rate was 86.3% for all company operated Aaron's stores, which was down 340 basis points from tthey prior-year quarter and below pre-pandemic averages. Wayne will discuss our lease merchandise returns and charge-offs in a few minutes.  We continue to respond to ttheyse challenging trends by focusing on preserving profitability through tightening our lease decisioning algorithms, leveraging our enhanced digital servicing platforms and executing our lease renewal strategies.  In tthey quarter, customer demand was stronger than expected. We attribute ttheir positive trend to well executed strategies across our store and ecommerce channels. Also, our lease portfolio size for all company-operated stores ended tthey third quarter slightly atheyad of our internal expectations at $125.8 million, a decrease of 4.8% as compared to tthey prior-year quarter.  Shifting to our growth strategy within tthey Aaron's Business. We were pleased to see positive sustained momentum in ecommerce and GenNext stores. Ttheyse important channels contributed more than one-third of our total Aaron's Business revenue in tthey third quarter.  Ecommerce remained tthey key customer acquisition channel and revenue growth driver for tthey Aaron's Business. Tthey performance of our ecommerce channel was outstanding in tthey third quarter because of our dynamic digital marketing strategies, furttheyr improvements in tthey online shopping experience and an expanded product assortment.  More and more customers are shopping with us at aarons.com, resulting in increased website traffic and higtheyr conversion rate as compared to tthey prior-year quarter. Due to our digital marketing strategies and tthey strong performance of our ecommerce team, we continued to increase tthey sales volume through ttheir important channel.  Recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio from ecommerce lease originations increased 24% compared to tthey prior-year quarter, while total ecommerce revenues increased 11.1% year-over-year. Furttheyrmore, tthey ecommerce business represents an increasingly higtheyr percentage of our total lease revenues. In tthey third quarter, ecommerce represented 16% of our total lease revenues, up from 14.2% in tthey prior year.  Now turning toward our GenNext strategy, which is continuing to deliver meaningful financial results. We believe our GenNext stores and teams deliver tthey best customer experience in tthey industry through a larger, brighter and easier to navigate showrooms that offer expanded product assortment.  In tthey quarter, we continued to see lease originations in GenNext stores open less than one year grow at a rate of more than 20% higtheyr than our average legacy stores. Ttheyse stores now account for more than 22% of revenues, up from 8.5% in tthey third quarter last year.  I'm also excited to announce that we opened our 200th GenNext store in Flint, Michigan earlier ttheir month. In tthey quarter, we opened 24 GenNext stores and remain on track to open a total of 100 new GenNext locations in 2022. We are committed to ttheir important real estate optimization strategy and plan to open additional GenNext locations in 2023.  Now turning to BrandsMart. As Douglas mentioned, BrandsMart once again performed at a high level with overall product sales and ecommerce results exceeding our internal expectations. We believe that our strength as a value-oriented retailer will continue to attract a full spectrum of customers in ttheir challenging economic environment.  In tthey third quarter, BrandsMart product sales decreased by only 0.5%. from tthey third quarter of 2021. Ttheir solid performance was primarily driven by a strong execution of our promotional events, a higtheyr average transaction value, sustained revenue growth in appliances and strong ecommerce sales.  In a short time, we have made meaningful improvements to tthey BrandsMart ecommerce shopping experience and introduced new digital marketing strategies that are leading to significant revenue growth in ttheir important acquisition channel. For tthey third quarter, ecommerce product sales were up 18% as compared to tthey prior year, and in tthey quarter represented over 9% of total sales. Our BrandsMart team continues to perform at a high level as we introduce new strategies and tactics to drive ttheir important new business segment.  Additionally, we are pleased with our progress in executing our integration and synergy initiatives related to tthey BrandsMart acquisition and we are increasingly optimistic about tthey opportunities for future store and ecommerce growth. We look forward to opening our first new BrandsMart store in 2023.  Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Wayne to provide furttheyr details on our financial results.  Wayne Wall  Thanks, Steve. Consolidated revenues were $593.4 million in tthey third quarter of 2022 compared with $452.2 million in tthey prior-year quarter, an increase of 31.2%. Ttheir year-over-year increase was primarily due to tthey BrandsMart acquisition, which was offset by lower revenues at tthey Aaron's Business.  Consolidated operating expenses for tthey quarter were higtheyr than in tthey third quarter of 2021, primarily due to tthey impact of tthey BrandsMart acquisition on personnel expenses and ottheyr operating expenses and an increase to tthey provision for lease merchandise write-offs. Tthey increase to personnel expenses were partially offset by lower performance based personnel expenses at tthey Aaron's stores and our corporate functions.  Ottheyr operating expenses increased $17.6 million in tthey quarter as compared to tthey prior-year period. Consistent with tthey second quarter of ttheir year, ttheir year-over-year increase is primarily tthey result of tthey acquisition of BrandsMart and higtheyr occupancy, shipping and handling and ottheyr miscellaneous expenses at tthey Aaron's Business, which was partially offset by lower advertising costs at tthey Aaron's Business and a gain related to tthey sale leaseback transactions initiated during tthey quarter.  Consolidated operating expenses were also higtheyr year-over-year due to increased restructuring expenses and a goodwill impairment charge of $12.9 million recorded in tthey quarter. Tthey need for an interim goodwill impairment test for tthey company was triggered by tthey decline in tthey company's stock price and market capitalization during tthey period.  We engaged tthey assistance of a third-party valuation firm to perform tthey interim goodwill impairment test. Ttheir included an assessment of tthey Aaron's Business and BrandsMart reporting units, fair values relative to ttheyir carrying values. Tthey fair values were derived using tthey combination of income and market approactheys, and tthey company determined that tthey Aaron's Business goodwill was fully impaired. Ttheyre was no goodwill impairment charge related to tthey BrandsMart reporting unit.  During tthey third quarter of 2022, restructuring expenses increased primarily related to operating lease right-of-use asset and fixed asset impairments and severance costs related to our real estate repositioning and optimization restructuring program and a new operational efficiency and optimization program that tthey company initiated in tthey recent quarter. Ttheir new program is intended to strengttheyn operational efficiencies and optimize tthey company's overall cost. We believe that both of ttheyse restructuring programs will continue to support our long term strategic goals by reducing our overall expenses.  Consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $35.2 million in tthey third quarter of 2022 compared with $53.6 million for tthey same period last year. Tthey decline in adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to a decline in adjusted EBITDA at tthey Aaron's Business offset on tthey contribution of BrandsMart. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 5.9% compared to 11.9% in tthey prior-year quarter.  On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings were $0.31 per share compared with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.83 cents in tthey same quarter in 2021.  Adjusted free cash flow was $50.1 million in tthey third quarter of 2022, an increase of $40.6 million wtheyn compared to tthey same period in tthey prior year. Ttheir increase was primarily due to higtheyr cash provided by operations, which was largely due to lower inventory purchases that align with current demand trends and incremental proceeds related tthey sale leaseback transactions initiated during tthey quarter, partially offset by higtheyr capital expenditures in tthey current quarter.  At tthey end of tthey third quarter, tthey company had a cash balance of $37.8 million and total debt of $274 million. Ttheir represents a $45.9 million reduction to our net debt balance from tthey end of tthey second quarter.  Total liquidity, including availability under our revolving credit facility, was $310.6 million on September 30. During tthey quarter, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.1125 per share, returning $3.5 million to shareholders. We did not repurchase any shares in tthey quarter.  Turning to tthey business segments. As a reminder, tthey Aaron's Business segment includes tthey company-operated Aaron's stores, tthey aarons.com ecommerce platform, Aaron's franctheire operations, BrandsMart leasing and Woodhaven, our furniture manufacturing operations. Tthey BrandsMart segment includes our 10 BrandsMart U.S.A. retail stores and tthey BrandsMartUSA.com platform. Tthey two business segments are not burdened by unallocated corporate expenses, which include, but are not limited to, equity-based compensation, restructuring, separation and acquisition-related costs, interest expense, goodwill impairment charges and certain ottheyr corporate functions. At tthey Aaron's Business, total revenue decreased 8.7% in tthey quarter to $412.9 million, primarily due to tthey lower lease revenues, which were attributed to a lower lease portfolio size during tthey quarter and tthey corresponding decline in customer payment activity that Steve discussed earlier.  Same-store revenues were consistent with our expectations, declining 7.7% compared to an increase of 4.6% for tthey prior year's quarter. Gross profit was $257 million, a decline of 9.7% as compared to tthey prior-year quarter. Tthey decline in gross profit was primarily driven by lower lease renewal rates and lower new lease originations, as well as higtheyr inventory purchase cost as compared to tthey prior-year quarter.  Operating expenses at tthey Aaron's Business decreased $1 million in tthey quarter as compared to tthey prior-year period due to lower performance-based compensation and ottheyr operating expenses, partially offset by a higtheyr provision for lease merchandise write-offs.  Tthey provision for lease merchandise write=offs as a percentage of lease revenues and fees for tthey third quarter was 7.5% compared to 4.9% in tthey prior-year period. Ttheir increase in tthey provision expense is in line with our expectations for tthey quarter and was primarily due to a higtheyr frequency of charged-off lease agreements and an increase in tthey average net book value of tthey lease merchandise that was charged off. Additionally, tthey increase in write-off percentage was impacted by tthey lower lease revenues in tthey quarter.  Similar to tthey second quarter of ttheir year, we believe that charge-offs were impacted by tthey quarter's high inflationary environment and we expect ttheir trend to continue into tthey fourth quarter.  Adjusted EBITDA for tthey Aaron's Business was $42.5 million in tthey quarter compared with $66.8 million for tthey same period in 2021 due primarily to a decrease in gross profit and a higtheyr provision for lease merchandise write-offs, partially offset by lower personnel costs. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 10.3% compared to 14.8% last year.  At BrandsMart, retail sales in tthey third quarter of 2022 were $183.3 million, which is approximately 1.1% lower than tthey same quarter of tthey prior year.  Gross profit was $41 million or 22.4% of retail sales and adjusted EBITDA for BrandsMart was $6.6 million for tthey quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 3.6%.  Finally, please note that we have revised tthey full-year 2022 outlook that was provided at our second quarter earnings release. We have raised tthey midpoint of our outlook for consolidated revenues, earnings and adjusted free cash flow. Our revised outlook continues to reflect our expectation that tthey current high inflationary environment will continue to adversely impact customer demand, including average ticket size in both businesses, lease portfolio size, lease renewal rates, tthey provision for lease merchandise write-offs, and ottheyr segment level and corporate expenses.  With that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator who will assist with your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Anthony Chukumba I guess my first question is on tthey rollout of tthey lease solution to BrandsMart stores, if you can just give us an update on how that's going. Douglas Lindsay Anthony, it's Douglas. As we mentioned on tthey last call, we got that up and running in May of ttheir year, and so it's in all stores and according to plans. We're really happy with that. We've been able to continue to increase our portfolio size as we're gaining penetration in those stores. I would say tthey uptake in terms of customers to that product is wtheyre we thought it would be and we're continuing to optimize it and build out tthey infrastructure around it.  I think wtheyn we communicated at tthey time of our acquisition deal, it's going to be about a three year process to begin building that portfolio and it still won't be at full run rate by year three in those 10 stores. And so, we're happy with tthey progress we're making and we're continuing to optimize it. Anthony Chukumba You mentioned in tthey Aaron's Business that merchandise delivery steadily improved and customer demand was stronger than you expected. I guess my question, are you seeing any sort of credit trade down? In ottheyr words, are you seeing any indications that subprime credit is tightening at all and maybe you're getting tthey benefit from that, like you've seen in prior economic downturns? Douglas Lindsay So far, we have not seen any sign of a trade down. It's tough to gauge. We do believe if default rates increased in tthey credit stack above us and credit gets restricted, it'll benefit tthey lease down market. But we're not seeing anything in particular right now. We do monitor external sources on that to look for tightening. And we're also looking at our internal data to identify if we're experiencing any higtheyr credit scores entering our space, or if we're seeing credit scores in tthey mid-range or lower range of our space increasing proportionately. And that would tell us that ttheyre's a trade down happening, but we've got all eyes on it, but to date we have not seen it. But wtheyn we do, it'll appear in tthey form of new customers disproportionately growing in our space. Operator Our next question comes from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies.  Kyle Joseph Appreciate tthey new format on tthey press release. So, looking at that, we see tthey lease renewal rate and what that's done year-over-year. Can you remind us wtheyre tthey lease renewal rate is versus kind of tthey long-term theirtorical average? That's first question.  And ttheyn second question, you guys talked a lot about centralized underwriting, but talk about sort of any tweaks or changes you're making on tthey underwriting front? Douglas Lindsay I'll take tthey renewal rate one. So, as you probably recall, and just like in our numbers, pre pandemic, our renewal rates were between, call it, 87% and 89%. During tthey stimulus aided period, those rose to about 88% to 91%. We really saw that begin to happen in tthey latter part of 2021 and going into 2022. And ttheyn we begin to see – I'm sorry, latter part of 2020 going into 2021. We ttheyn began to see normalization during 2021. And what we're experiencing now is renewal rates that are down lower than that, lower than pre-pandemic by 100 basis points or so. We believe that ttheir is just a correction in tthey market. We're seeing tthey air kind of come out of tthey bubble of stimulus.  As you recall, we mentioned pre pandemic that we believe that centralized decisioning would create renewal rates of about 100 basis points above our pre-pandemic levels. We continue to believe, as things normalize over time, that decisioning will benefit us, but we continue to monitor it. Tthey subprime customer continues to be under pressure with inflation, gas, housing, and food prices. And we don't have a crystal ball as to wtheyn that will subside. But we do believe our decisioning is working.  We've been able to tighten decisioning theyre over tthey last year by several 100 basis points. And we believe that's benefiting us as well. So, we're really happy with tthey investments we've made in decisioning. And we think over time renewal rates will normalize. Wayne Wall Kyle, it's Wayne. Just to add one or two ottheyr points theyre, right? You may recall that, on tthey last call, wtheyn we were talking about outlook for 2022, we had anticipated that in tthey back half of tthey year, our lease renewal rates would be between 100 basis points to 150 basis points lower than tthey pre-pandemic level. So, what we were expecting in Q3 played out exactly in line with what we were forecasting. And ttheyn tthey updated – sort of our revised outlook that's in tthey release that we put out yesterday reflects kind of that continued expectation that we're going to be down below pre-pandemic levels as we finish tthey year theyre. Douglas Lindsay Tthey last comment I would make on lease decisioning is we expect to have tthey lease decisioning tightened for tthey near term. And that's reflected in both our demand assumptions for our outlook and in our renewal rate assumptions. Kyle Joseph One follow-up for me on BrandsMart. Obviously, sales have been very resilient ttheyre. But as you walk through kind of tthey macroenvironment, I know you guys are growing ticket size in ecom, but kind of your expectations for tthey gross profit which has actually been fairly resilient ttheyre too as well. Wayne Wall Yeah, I'd say that our expectations for gross profit margin, Kyle, is really largely unchanged, maybe tightening a little bit from our initial expectations a little bit. Kind of call it 50 to 100 basis points, right, as we're seeing some tightening of average ticket size, as well as just promotional activity that we're expecting through tthey back part of tthey year. So again, no material change in kind of tthey view of that business as we're going forward theyre, at least in tthey near term. Operator Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli of Truist Securities. Scot Ciccarelli I guess a follow-up question on tthey comment that you aren't seeing any trade down activity. Douglas, what metrics are you guys looking at to inform that view? Like, is ttheyre anything else outside of just customer credit scores that you're looking at? Or is that tthey primary kind of data point that you're focused on? Douglas Lindsay We're looking across channels. We flag our customers as new, previous or existing customers. And so, we stratify those customers by scores, ttheyy come – our proprietary scores ttheyy come in, which is an amalgamation of a lot of data, as you might imagine, in our models. But we're constantly looking for different profiles of customers coming in. And we're also looking at external data. We do have BrandsMart as a retailer, that's anottheyr data point that allows us to see what's happening at tthey cash register and wtheyttheyr ttheyre's changes in tthey credit stack above us ttheyre. And we monitor that as well. So ttheyre's really two sets of internal data that we're looking at.  I would sort of characterize tthey market right now as volatile. We see peaks and valleys in terms of customers coming in and out of our space. Nothing's sustained at ttheir moment. Scot Ciccarelli What do you think changes that? Like, what would cause us to kind of revisit tthey type of experience you had back in kind of like 2008/2009 wtheyre you actually had people kind of coming into tthey top of tthey funnel, if you will? Wayne Wall Scott, it's Wayne. Listen, I'd say our view is that it's kind of a function of time, right? If you go back and look at what happened in that 2008, 2009, 2010 period, we didn't see it happen over a quarter, right? It happened over a series of quarters wtheyn we started to benefit from it.  Again, some of tthey external data that we're looking at are average outstanding balances on credit cards, average savings rate in households kind of stratified based on credit type or score. And so, as we look at that, what we're seeing is that, certainly, availability of credit to tthey consumer is tightening, right? Defaults are starting to tick up in tthey consumer space right above us, which is a trend similar to what we saw in tthey prior period. But again, that played out over a series of months and really kind of two or three quarters before it led to a benefit to tthey business. So, that's what we're watching. It's to be seen [Technical Difficulty] recall, tthey last recession was a liquidity driven recession. Ttheir one, it's a different dynamic, but we're starting to see it play out in kind of similar macro trends and results in terms of impact on tthey consumer, tightening liquidity, and ttheyn believing will play out ultimately into additional need for payment options. Douglas Lindsay I think that's exactly right.  Scot Ciccarelli I was going to say that's very theylpful.  Douglas Lindsay Yeah, I was just going to say, 2008 and 2009 was a bank-led recession with significant tightening very quickly. Things have changed since that time, and I think tthey tightening will happen if it does more gradually ttheir time. Ttheyre was also – tthey dynamics are different theyre. Ttheyre was a significant pull forward in demand through tthey pandemic that not precede tthey financial crisis at that time.  So ttheyre's two things going on tthey demand side and on tthey sort of what's going on with tthey consumer side. I would also note unemployment was a lot higtheyr and inflation is a lot hotter now. And while it's abated slightly, it hasn't abated that much. So, we continue to monitor all those things. Ttheyre's a lot of macroeconomic variables going on right now. Scot Ciccarelli Tthey last one, you guys have obviously had a pretty big increase sequentially in terms of your write-off provision. Do you think provisions have peaked or are we looking at kind of like moving to even higtheyr levels just kind of given tthey macroenvironment? Wayne Wall Scott, it's Wayne So, our view on write-offs for ttheir year are unchanged from tthey last update that we had. At that time, we were anticipating that we'd end tthey year somewtheyre between 6% and 7% of lease revenues, our write-offs would. And that continues to be what we're seeing right now. I think what I'd point out is, one, write-offs for tthey third quarter were right in line with what we were expecting. So, proud of tthey team to deliver on that, right, in what's been a very, very challenging payment environment, right? But tthey second thing I want to point out is that, in a typical year, third quarter is our higtheyst quarter for write-offs. And ttheyn you tend to see about a 25 to 50 basis point improvement as you go from Q3 into Q4, that's looking at kind of pre pandemic averages. We're not anticipating things will get materially worse. We're actually expecting that we can see performance in Q4 relative to Q3 in line with those pre-pandemic trends. But obviously, we're paying close attention to that as inflation data continues to come out and we're watching tthey performance of tthey customer going into tthey holiday season. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit more color kind of building upon what we shared last quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Bobby Griffin of Raymond James. Bobby Griffin Wayne, I guess ttheir is a two-part question theyre. But can you maybe expand a little bit on tthey restructuring program? Is that kind of a multi-year program? And will some of those savings flow into tthey bottom line? Or is that just really to theylp offset kind of ottheyr inflationary pressures we see basically across retail today?  And ttheyn kind of tthey second part of ttheir question is, with tthey portfolio being smaller, what levers do you have in tthey business to kind of pull on tthey cost side as we enter 2023 because I know a smaller portfolio can drive deleverage in ottheyr parts of tthey business wtheyn we think about tuning up our models for 2023? Wayne Wall In regard to our new program, we're at tthey early innings of focusing on that. So, I do expect it's going to kind of last over a few quarters theyre. And in tthey next year, we're currently kind of sizing tthey duration of it.  What I would point out is tthey areas that we're going to be focused on is underperforming stores, right, that aren't part of our broader GenNext strategy that we may be consolidating to drive some efficiencies, focusing on our operational models, and some central tweaks we can make ttheyre to pull costs out of stores, continue to focus on centralizing as much of tthey activity that takes place in tthey stores into our corporate functions, as well as just kind of overall cost across tthey organization. So, it's multifaceted, right, wtheyre we've got teams internally and we're partnering with folks externally to assist us with it. And we'd expect, as we theyad into tthey next quarter, to be in a position, Bobby, to provide more specific guidance around kind of size and duration at that point in time. But to answer your specific question that it's not a one quarter exercise, it's something that we anticipate is going to kind of go forward over tthey next few quarter. Douglas Lindsay Bobby, I'll take tthey second part of your question. In terms of cost efficiencies, obviously, our margin flow through on tthey portfolio size and renewal rate is what it is, but we believe, as tthey portfolio size shrinks and even stabilizes, ttheyre's opportunity to take cost out of tthey business. We've been doing that through store consolidation and through modernization of our platforms.  Ecom is a significant differentiator for us. Our ecom business grew in sales 24%. We got a higtheyr conversion ttheyre. We believe a better customer experience and that creates efficiency and takes labor out of our stores. We're also investing, as you know, continually in decisioning and servicing technology. 80% of our customers are paying us outside of tthey stores now. And that allows for more efficient store opportunity that can be more productive, and it takes labor out of tthey stores. And we continue to find ways to be more efficient ttheyre through centralization of a lot of activities, including delivery and tthey whole service process. So, we continue to work on that. We have multiple things in test and we're optimistic about continuing to optimize tthey cost structure.  Tthey last thing I'd say is on supply chain. We continue to look at our supply chain. So, as our store base shrinks, we look at our fulfillment centers, we look at our trucks on tthey road, et cetera, and we're continuing to find more ways to take cost out ttheyre.  And tthey last thing, our biggest expense is pay in our stores. And our variable pay structure does flex up and down during ttheyse times. And so, we've got a great pay structure for all of our team members in our stores, but it does move up and down with tthey state of tthey business. Bobby Griffin Maybe just a follow-up and follow-up on Scott's question before me. Wtheyn you look at tthey different tranctheys that you've been writing, like you guys have tightened a few times theyre ttheir year, wtheyn you look at some of tthey newer tranctheys of leases that have reflected tthey updated credit conditions and your updated decisioning, are you starting to see signs that lease merchandise or renewal rates is stabling? And I guess maybe is first payment rates – first missed payment rates coming down or just anything inside kind of tthey newer leases that would give hope that maybe we're at a peak theyre of tthey impact on tthey consumer, is it still probably too early to call that corner? Douglas Lindsay Yeah, I think it's too early to call that corner, Bobby. We continued to see softening into tthey third quarter, but it was as expected. Our outlook that we gave on July 25 had weakening in both renewal rates and write-offs – higtheyr write-offs through tthey course of tthey year. And those are coming in right in line with our expectation. And our fourth quarter, our guide for tthey rest of tthey year, implies about tthey same level as we're seeing now. So, we're not making forecasts for 2023. We'll update you on future calls on that. Operator Our next question comes from Jason Haas of Bank of America.  Jason Haas I'm curious to theyar more about what drove tthey improvement in BrandsMart. I think in tthey last call, you had said that, I believe, is July was running in line with tthey down 7% that you did in 2Q. So I'm curious what drove that improvement in August and September? And what are you seeing now as we go into October theyre? Steve Olsen Ttheir is Steve. So, as July proceeded, we absolutely started to see some improved results. August went positive as a result of some great work around our promotional events leading up to tthey holiday in September, as well as strong performance in appliances and ecommerce. Those trends continued into September, and ttheyn saw a little softening in tthey back half of September, maybe some around tthey hurricane. And ttheyn, as we look into October, some of tthey trends we're seeing, we're definitely seen a little softening in average transaction value. A lot of that coming through in consumer electronics, tthey average selling price dipping in TVs and computers, things like that. So, we're excited about our holiday season. Excited about tthey marketing plans we have in place. Excited about tthey strong performance of our ecommerce business down at BrandsMart. And we'll see how tthey customer reacts, but we think our plans are right and tthey team is ready for tthey customer shop during tthey holiday. Douglas Lindsay I think tthey sign that average transaction value is down at BrandsMart, that's anottheyr indicator. We think tthey consumer has not yet turned yet. So we continue to see tthey consumer looking for value, both at Aaron's and at BrandsMart. And ttheyy're seeking it out and ttheyy're price shopping across competitors. And we believe our promotional strategy, our value prop is well aligned with that, particularly on tthey retail side as tthey near prime and prime consumer who don't see Aaron's as looking or seeking out value in ottheyr places. And BrandsMart is a destination, big box, high volume destination for value type appliances, electronics and ottheyr home goods. And we're super excited about that value prop given ttheir economic environment. Jason Haas As a follow-up question ttheyn for Wayne, on tthey interest expense for 4Q, it seems to imply based on tthey press release maybe like $6 million or $7 million of interest expense. Is that right for 4Q? If I did tthey math right, is that tthey right quarterly run rate to use as we think into future quarters next year? Wayne Wall Yeah, I'd say that looks a bit a bit high to me, Jason, as I think about tthey fourth quarter. Just to make sure that you're using tthey right rates for our debt in Q3. Tthey average rate on our credit facility was just over 4%. It's a variable rate facility [indiscernible] spread. We're expecting to average between, call it, 5.25% and 6.25% on an annual basis as we end tthey year theyre. So if you use those numbers, that should theylp you kind of tighten up that estimate that you're getting on interest expense. Jason Haas Maybe I was a little off. If I can squeeze one last, I was just curious on tthey spread between sales and comps for Aaron's. It looks like for 3Q, tthey sales growth wasn't down as much as comps. But ttheyn it looks like what's implied for 4Q is we'll see sales growth lower than what's implied for comp. So I'm just curious if you're talking about tthey dynamic ttheyre. I know it can swing around based on wtheyn you close stores and transfer over those leases. So, any color on how to think about that would be theylpful.  Douglas Lindsay Maybe I'm misinterpreting what you're saying, but are you asking about sales relative to same store revenues, that concept?  Jason Haas Yeah.  Douglas Lindsay Okay. Yeah, so our sales at Aaron's, while ttheyy were down, but improving sequentially during tthey quarter, are only one contributor to our lease portfolio size. So, we sell into our lease portfolio and we have leases churn out of our lease portfolio. We ended tthey portfolio down 4.8% at tthey end of tthey quarter, and so that's our starting point for revenue. And ttheyn we furttheyr had to collect on tthey portfolio and we were down roughly 350 basis points on collections. So, tthey four down, which you have to really average tthey quarter, down in portfolio size, and ttheyn tthey degradation in renewal rate is really what's driving tthey minus 7.7% in same store revenues. That is a different concept than wtheyn we talk about sales in tthey Aaron's Business, which is how much did we put into tthey portfolio in tthey quarter. So, that will continue to be a differentiator, as we talk about Aaron's same store revenue, which is achieved revenue on tthey portfolio year-over-year versus tthey BrandsMart comps year-over-year in terms of product sales, which is really our retail sales. Wayne Wall Yeah, two ottheyr things I would add ttheyre, Jason. One, wtheyn you're looking at tthey segment level lease revenue and fees for tthey Aaron's Business, that does include BrandsMart leasing, wtheyreas our same-store sales comp number does not. So, I believe that lease revenues and fees were down 7.3% in tthey quarter versus a down 7.5% comp. So tthey addition of tthey BrandsMart leasing revenues, while small, theylped ttheyre.  Tthey ottheyr thing is our same-store sales comp set does not include all of our stores. And some of tthey stores that are excluded would include GenNext stores, which are performing materially better than our legacy store. So, that's anottheyr thing that is contributing to tthey difference in tthey numbers. Operator [Operator Instructions]. We have a follow-up from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Markets. Anthony Chukumba Just wanted an update in terms of how you think about capital allocation. Obviously, you took on some debt to do tthey BrandsMart deal. But you're going to generate solid free cash flow and, obviously, your valuation is just super depressed. So, just an update on that. Wayne Wall Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged as we moved through tthey year theyre. You may recall that on kind of last call and discussions for tthey quarter, what's changed is that we do have debt on tthey balance ttheyyet. So, as we think about our capital allocation priorities, first and foremost, we're going to continue to invest in tthey business to support our strategic initiatives and drive earnings growth. Second, we're focused on reducing our debt balances and staying in line with our target debt levels ttheyre. Third, opportunistic M&A, as things come up, which is less of a focus right now, but as part of our strategy, and ttheyn fourth, returning capital to shareholders. So, obviously, having returned $3.5 million to shareholders through dividends in tthey prior quarter, that's something that continues to be important to us. I would remind you, I think you know ttheir, we do have $136 million remaining on tthey share repurchase authorization that our board granted to us. That's something that we're looking at each quarter, as well as I want to highlight that, in tthey third quarter, we did reduce net debt $46 million, which is in line with that second point in our capital allocation priorities. Operator We currently have no furttheyr questions. So I'll hand back over to Douglas Lindsay for any closing remarks. Douglas Lindsay Thank you, operator. We appreciate everyone who's joined us today. Although we continue navigating a challenging economic environment, our team members remain focused on delivering exceptional value and service to our customers and innovating our business every day. We're continuing to benefit from investments we've made in lease decisioning and digital payment and servicing platforms. And we continue to invest in growth of both Aaron's and BrandsMart through our ecommerce and new store programs, and we're very excited about that.  Thank you again for being with us today and we'll talk to you soon.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.