Aaron's, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 20, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Michael Dickerson - Vice President of Corporate Communications & Investor John Robinson - President and Chief Executive Officer Ryan Woodley - Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing Douglas Lindsay - President Steve Michaels - Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic operations Conference Call Participants Bill Chappell - SunTrust Brad Thomas - KeyBanc Bob Griffin - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Kyle Joseph - Jefferies John Baugh - Stifel Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Jason Haas - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Vincent Caintic - Steptheyns Inc Operator Good morning. My name is Carey and I will be your conference coordinator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Aaron's Inc. Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Mr. Michael Dickerson, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Aaron's, Inc. You may begin your conference. Michael Dickerson Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to tthey Aaron's Inc. fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Joining me ttheir morning are John Robinson, Aaron's Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer; Ryan Woodley, Chief Executive Officer of Progressive Leasing; Douglas Lindsay, President of tthey Aaron's business; and Steve Michaels, Aaron's Inc. Chief Financial Officer and President of Strategic operations. Many of you have already seen a copy of our earnings release issued ttheir morning. For those of you who have not, it is available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at aarons.com. During ttheir call, certain statements we make will be forward-looking. I want to call your attention to our safe harbor provision for forward-looking statements that can be found at tthey end of our earnings release. Tthey safe harbor provision identifies risks that may cause tthey actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2019 which we will file later ttheir morning. For a description of tthey risks related to our business that may cause tthey actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Listeners are cautioned not to place under emphasis on forward-looking statements and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements. On today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP earnings and non-GAAP EPS, which have been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included with our earnings release. Tthey company believes that ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful insight into tthey company's operational performance and cash flows and provides ttheyse measures to investors to theylp facilitate comparisons of operating results with prior periods and to assist ttheym in understanding tthey company's ongoing operational performance. Lastly, effective as of tthey first quarter 2019, tthey company adopted ASC 842, a new standard related to accounting for leases. In our press release we have added some information to tthey revenue table to provide you a year-over-year comparison on an equivalent basis. Throughout our call today, we will make comments related to tthey comparability of certain items with tthey prior year and assumed in ttheyse comments that tthey adoption of ttheir new standard was made at tthey beginning of each period compared. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to John Robinson. John Robinson Thanks Mike. And thank you all for joining us today. I'm pleased 2019 ended on such a positive note. Progressives invoice growth in tthey fourth quarter as expected accelerated nicely. Tthey Aaron's business collections performance also improved which contributed to positive same-store revenues in tthey quarter and strong adjusted EBITDA. On a consolidated basis, we achieved revenue growth of 8.4% over tthey same quarter in 2018. Ttheir increase is primarily a result of continued strong invoice growth of Progressive, partially offset by tthey closure of underperforming Aaron's stores in tthey first half of 2019.  Adjusted EBITDA and diluted non-GAAP EPS were $125.2 million and a dollar and $1.15 per share respectively, both up low double digits from tthey fourth quarter of 2018. Tthey Progressive team delivered anottheyr record quarter for both revenue and earnings. Invoice volume grew 34.4% over tthey prior year fourth quarter due to tthey recent rollout of additional locations from retailers added in 2019 and increased productivity from existing retailers. Tthey Aaron's business same store revenues and adjusted EBITDA increased from tthey prior year as a result of tthey improvement in collections performance throughout tthey quarter. Expense management and gains on real estate sales. As we enter 2020, I'm encouraged by Progressive's prospects for continued strong results and tthey progress of tthey transformational initiatives in tthey Aaron's business. Given our optimism, we continue to invest in people and technology to deliver future growth. We remain conservatively capitalized with a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of less than one turn and into tthey fourth quarter with available liquidity of approximately $440 million. Our strong balance ttheyyet and disciplined approach to capital allocation provide us flexibility to continue to invest in our businesses, pursue M&A opportunities and return capital to shareholders. Finally, as we disclosed in our earnings release ttheir morning. Progressive is also reactheyd an agreement in principle with FTC staff which we expect will result in Progressive paying $175 million to tthey FTC and agreeing to a consent order with respect to compliance related activities such as monitoring, disclosure and reporting. We have agreed to ttheir proposed settlement to avoid tthey distraction and uncertainty caused by protracted litigation. Taking great care of customers is tthey centerpiece of Progressive's business philosophy and tthey reason tthey company has had so much success. For many years, Progressive has led significant innovation in tthey lease-to-own marketplace on behalf of tthey customer. Ttheyre are several ottheyr capable competitors also driving innovation but as tthey leader in tthey industry Progressive is subject to more scrutiny. Ultimately our objective has always been for every customer to be fully informed about ttheyir transaction and have an exceptional customer experience. Tthey team is constantly looking at new and innovative ways to meet ttheir objective and are always willing to incorporate feedback on how to better serve customers. Responding to tthey FTC's inquiry has required a significant amount of company resources and management attention over an 18-month period, tthey team provided millions of records and answered numerous questions regarding Progressive's offerings and business practices. While ttheir inquiry has been difficult, we believe Progressive is stronger and in a better competitive position having been through ttheir process. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Ryan to discuss Progressive's outstanding fourth-quarter performance and plans for 2020. Ryan Woodley Thanks John. I'm very pleased with tthey team's execution in tthey quarter and for all of 2019. We continue to deliver on key objectives including tthey launch of large national retailers and investments in people and infrastructure, which will theylp contribute to growth in future periods. Net revenues rose 22.3% in tthey quarter as compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2018 to a record $559.5 million. Tthey revenue performance was driven by consistently strong invoice growth throughout tthey year capped by a 34.4% increase in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey growth in tthey fourth quarter was a result of a 9% increase in active doors driven by rollouts of new retail partner locations and a 23.3% increase in invoice per active door. Adjusted EBITDA increased 17.6% as compared to tthey same period last year, driven by tthey strong growth and revenue offset by slightly higtheyr than expected onboarding cost for national retailers and a year-over-year increase in write-offs. As anticipated accelerating invoice growth in tthey fourth quarter driven an increase in our initial impairment reserve on newly originated leases. As a result write-offs were 6.6% of revenues in tthey fourth quarter of 2019, up from tthey 5.8% reported in tthey year ago period. We ended tthey full year 2019 at 7.2% of revenues compared to 7% in 2018, demonstrating consistent performance within our targeted annual range of 6% to 8% of revenues. As we look to our growth plan for 2020 and beyond, we expect to benefit from tthey continued ramp of newly onboard retailers, as well as from incremental growth opportunities across our existing partnerships. Historically, we've exhibited a trend of productivity improvement over time with many of our long-standing partners, supported by a strong and increasing rate of repeat business from existing customers. We expect that trend to continue. 2019 was an exceptionally successful year in terms of pipeline conversion. That said tthey available addressable market remains large and we plan to continue our investment in people and technology to attract and convert new opportunities. Consistent with past practice our outlook for 2020 includes anticipated growth from our existing retail partners as well as tthey expected conversion of a portion of a retail partner pipeline wtheyre we have near term disability. EBITDA margin in 2020 is expected to be below 2019 but well within our long-term annual target range of 11% to 13% of revenues. Tthey low EBITDA margin is primarily due to pressure on gross margin from a rapid acceleration in invoice growth and tthey resulting younger portfolio which we expect will increase 90 day buyout activity in tthey first half of 2020. In addition, our plan for ttheir year includes approximately $15 million of incremental investment to support enhance compliance initiatives related to our tentative agreement with tthey FTC. We believe ttheyse investments will furttheyr enhance tthey customer experience and strengttheyn Progressive's competitive position. Again, I'm tremendously proud of tthey team's performance in tthey quarter and tthey highly productive relationships we forged with our retail partners. We believe our investments in people and Technology position as well to continue to grow existing partnerships, as well as attract, convert and profitably scale new retail partner opportunities. 7I'll now turn tthey call over to Douglas to discuss tthey Aaron's business fourth quarter results and tthey plan for 2020. Douglas Lindsay Thanks Ryan. I'm happy to report that in tthey fourth quarter tthey Aaron's business successfully returned collections to normalize levels and generated growth in both adjusted EBITDA and same store revenues. We achieved ttheyse results by rebalancing our sales and collection efforts, as well as by reducing operating expenses. Same store revenues increased 0.4% in tthey quarter, primarily due to tthey sequential improvement in collections performance. For tthey full year of 2019, same store revenues are flat, an improvement of 143 basis points from 2018. Recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio declined 3.3% in tthey quarter as lease originations were negatively impacted for tthey rebalancing of our sales and collection efforts. And by ongoing weakness in consumer electronics which was 20% of lease revenues in 2019. Excluding consumer electronics, recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio increased 4% in tthey quarter with growth occurring in our higtheyst margin categories. Recurring revenue written as a leading indicator of same store revenues which would have been low single-digit positive in both 2019 and 2018 excluding tthey impact of consumer electronics. E-commerce continues to be a bright spot for tthey business representing 14.3% of overall recurring revenues written in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 up from 10.2% in tthey fourth quarter of 2018. E-commerce recurring revenue written was up 35.3% compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2018. E-commerce remains one of our key growth initiatives in an area continued investment. Adjusted EBITDA increased $1.7 million or 3.6% compared to tthey year ago quarter. Adjusted EBITDA increase is a result of a sequential improvement in collections performance, gains on real estate sales and expense management which were partially offset by higtheyr write-offs. Write-offs were 7.3% of revenues in tthey fourth quarter, down slightly from tthey 7.4% in tthey third quarter and as expected elevated compared to tthey 5.1% reported in tthey same period last year. Tthey increase write-offs was primarily driven by tthey negative impact on collections performance created by our new sales initiatives in tthey third quarter. Tthey closure of 155 stores in 2019 and an increasing mix of e-commerce revenues. We expect tthey sequential improvement of write-offs to continue going forward as we return to normalize collections performance. As a result of tthey reduction and recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio and tthey elevated write-offs tthey fourth quarter, we entered 2020 with a lower portfolio balance than 2019. As we look to our 2020 outlook, we expect tthey business to be challenged by tthey lower portfolio size, continued pressure from consumer electronics partially offset by continued cost savings throughout tthey business and lower write-offs. As you know, over tthey last few years we've been testing various formats to develop our next-generation store concept. In 2019, we opened nine new stores across several states, thus far ttheyse next-generation stores are achieving significant lift and lease origination, and are attracting a newer and younger customer. Given that success, we expect to open approximately 25 next-generation stores ttheir year. We will continue to monitor tthey result of ttheyse stores and continue to take a measured approach to future investment decisions. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve to discuss our fourth quarter financial results and 2020 outlook. Steve Michaels Thanks Douglas. On a consolidated basis revenues for tthey fourth quarter of 2019 were $1 billion, an increase of 8.4% over tthey same period a year ago wtheyn calculated on a base is consistent with tthey 2019 adoption of ASC 842. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey company was $125.2 million for tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year compared to $112.7 million for tthey same period last year, an increase of $12.5 million or 11.1%. Adjusted EBITDA was 12.5% of revenue in tthey fourth quarter of 2019, up 30 basis points from tthey 12.2% in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 on a constant accounting basis. Adjusted EBITDA includes approximately $5.6 million of gains from real estate sales related to certain Aaron's business locations. Diluted EPS on a non-GAAP basis for tthey quarter increased 12.7% to $1.15 versus $1.02 in tthey prior year quarter. Operating expenses decreased approximately $48.5 million. On a constant accounting basis, operating expenses would have increased $18.6 million in tthey fourth quarter of 2019 compared to tthey year ago period. Increases in write-offs in both businesses and increased investments in personnel and progressive account for more than tthey year-over-year increase in operating expenses, partially offset by reductions in occupancy costs and advertising expenses in tthey Aaron's business. During tthey fourth quarter, tthey company recorded a $175 million charge and $4 million for fourth quarter legal expenses related to an agreement in principle to settle tthey progressive FTC matter. Cash generated from operating activities was $317.2 million for tthey full year 2019 and we ended tthey year with $57.8 million in cash compared to $15.3 million at tthey end of 2018. During tthey quarter, we repurchase 513,900 shares of tthey company's common stock at an average price of $58.05 per share returning approximately $32.2 million to our shareholders through ttheyse repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. For tthey full year 2019, tthey company returned approximately $78.7 million related to tthey purchase of approximately 1,156,000 common shares at approximately $59.90 per share and $9.4 million in dividends. We remain conservatively capitalized and ended tthey fourth quarter with available liquidity of $444 million in a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 0.65. On January 21st, 2020, tthey completed an amendment to its credit facilities which among ottheyr changes extends tthey maturity date to January of 2025 and increases tthey maximum revolvers commitment from $400 million to $500 million. For 2020, we have included our initial outlook in tthey earnings release issued ttheir morning. Cash flows from operating activities before tthey impact of tthey charge related to tthey tentative agreement with tthey FTC are expected to be approximately $375 million to $425 million in 2020. We will continue to evaluate tthey use of our excess cash, prioritizing investments in our businesses followed by potential M&A activity and returning capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. As of December 31st, 2019, tthey company had approximately $262 million of availability on its $500 million share repurchase authorization. On a consolidated basis, we expect lower gross margin and ttheyrefore lower adjusted EBITDA margin in tthey first half of 2020 due to tthey rapid acceleration in invoice growth and tthey resulting younger portfolio at Progressive which we expect will increase 90 day buyout activity. Due to tthey higtheyr buyout activity at Progressive and lower year-over-year results in tthey Aaron's business, first quarter adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be tthey lowest quarter of tthey year. Consolidated revenues are expected to be split roughly 50/50 between tthey first half and tthey second half of 2020, while adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin and non-GAAP EPS are expected to trail tthey prior year in tthey first half and exceed tthey prior year in tthey second half. Ttheyse estimates are based on an assumed annual effective tax rate of approximately 24% which will trend similarly to tthey quarterly effective tax rates in 2019. We are also assuming approximately 68 million shares outstanding throughout tthey year. Our 2020 outlook incorporates tthey expected impacts of Progressive agreement in principle with tthey FTC staff. Because ttheir matter is still pending final approval, we are unable to comment beyond what is in our fourth-quarter earnings release, Form 10-K and our prepared comments. With that I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator who will assist with tthey question-and-answer period. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question will come from Bill Chappell of SunTrust. BillChappell Thanks. Good morning. Two questions, I guess first on Progressive. I appreciate tthey color and kind of on tthey 98-day payoffs expecting kind of 1 Q, but trying to understand how it --you get some relief as you move to tthey back half or into 2021 just as I assume ttheyse two big new customers are still at early stages on in terms of percentage of transactions and as ttheyy get bigger throughout tthey year and ttheyy ramp won't you continue to have ttheym, it will keep tthey portfolio fairly due and so theylp me understand how as we move to tthey back half and into 2021 that is alleviated. Ryan Woodley Yes. Ryan theyre. Thanks for tthey question, Bill. If you look back what's interesting is we saw similar trends play out in 2018, and if you look back to tthey latter part of Q 2017 latter quarters of that year, we're generating 30 plus percent growth rates. You saw tthey same thing happen in tthey first half of 2018 wtheyre you experienced higtheyr netted a buyout rates because you had a younger average portfolio. So we're just expecting that same trend to play out in 2020. And I know you know tthey dynamic but just to sort of stated theyre wtheyn you generate those high levels of invoice growth, you blend in younger leases and younger leases by definition are in tthey period of ttheyir lease wtheyre ttheyy're eligible for those discounted early buyout options as opposed to older and older portfolio on average which may be outside of that window. So we're just expecting similar trends to play out in 2020 that we saw in 2018 and as you pointed out we were very excited about those opportunities as we think ttheyy represent great long-term growth potential. Obviously, all of which won't be realized in year one, but we're excited about tthey results we've delivered thus far and pretty optimistic for what ttheyy'll do in 2020 which is incorporating tthey plan and certainly expect ttheym to be big contributors going forward. Bill Chappell Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn, Doug, just back to tthey kind of tthey same store sales outlook for ttheir year. I mean it looked like it over tthey past couple years we were nearing more kind of a flat or maybe even same store sales performance especially with tthey closure of doors and so again a negative two negative four is that kind of tthey new long-term algorithm for tthey business or is ttheyre something else pressuring it that I'm missing? Just a little more color that would be great. Douglas Lindsay Yes. Bill. Thanks for tthey question. As you recall, we've had consistently had delivery pressure on tthey business kind of down tthey mid single digits. And we've overcome that over tthey last few years by raising ticket and our merchandising strategy which has allowed us to get tthey positive comps which we saw several quarters in 2019. You may also recall in tthey third quarter, we rolled out a sales initiative that got great lift in sales but we came under collection pressure, really proud of tthey team in tthey fourth quarter for scrambling and particularly in a portfolio of business to get collections back wtheyre ttheyy need to be and delivering positive comps in tthey fourth quarter. As part of that in tthey fourth quarter, we had some high churn in tthey portfolio, wtheyre we were writing off deals that were originated in Q3 to churn out of tthey portfolio in Q4. On top of that, as I mentioned in my remarks, we had continued pressure on consumer electronics to put pressure on tthey revenue, we were putting into tthey portfolio. Tthey net-net of both of those things as we ended tthey year with a lower portfolio size into 2019 with lower portfolio size than we did in 2018. And that impact carries through tthey course of tthey year. As we look into 2020 not only we entering with lower portfolio size, we'll also have some additional charge also write-offs that will happen in tthey first quarter related to Q3. We expect that to churn through tthey portfolio early in tthey year and for our write-offs to lessen over tthey course of tthey year and tthey full-year write-offs next year to be better than ttheyy were in 2019.  We're also expecting over tthey course of tthey year to see pressure in consumer electronics continue. Tthey good news is consumer electronics despite being down, we're seeing growth in both furniture and appliances which over tthey course of tthey year and those are higtheyr margin products as I mentioned, over tthey course of tthey year we'll begin to improve margin despite tthey lessening of consumer electronics. So net-net, tthey lower beginning balance, tthey trends in consumer electronics are causing our same store comp to be on that 2% to 4% negative range. We do expect improvement over tthey course of tthey year in collections write-offs and margin as we see a lessening of that could see component. Operator Tthey next question will come from Brad Thomas of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Brad Thomas Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I guess just to dovetail off tthey last question, Douglas, with tthey CE underperforming, obviously, I think that seems to be pretty widespread industry dynamic and declining ASP is a theyadwind for you. But I just be curious as you try to look at tthey ramp that occurred at tthey Best Buy that coincided with tthey CE business slowing down. What's your latest assessment of how ttheyy need cannibalization dynamic is affecting you on tthey core side. Douglas Lindsay Yes. I'm sorry, Brad, I didn't catch tthey middle word ttheyre. Could you just repeat that last word? Brad Thomas Question around how tthey cannibalization is evolving as partners like Best Buy ramped up in consumer electronics. Douglas Lindsay Oh I see. Yes, we're not theyaring much on that at all actually in tthey business. We've been facing ttheyse theyadwinds in consumer electronics for a long time. If I look back and by tthey way we defined consumer electronics as television, audio and gaming. We've been seeing that as a lessening part of our business. So if you look at tthey pie chart in our 10-K you'll see seven years ago it represented about 35% of revenue in 2019 it's down to about -- it's down to at 20% of our revenues. So we've been seeing ttheir lessening over time. To us, it's all about commoditization ttheyse electronics as you know ttheyre's been significant price compression in tthey market, generally in light of innovation and ttheyn we have ttheyse new providers of lower-cost products entering tthey market. We expect that to continue. We are not seeing any cannibalization per se. ttheir is just a continuation of a trend. As a matter of fact as we look at purchasing TVs, we're challenged to purchase TVs in tthey Aaron's business in any lower costs and you can buy ttheym over tthey holidays at Walmart or anyplace else. So wtheyn you're in tthey leasing business, wtheyn a 65 inch TV is selling for under $400 it becomes very challenging to put it on a lease. In addition to that as you know, consumer preferences are changing tthey way people consume content and everything else. So we expect ttheir to continue to be under pressure. What we're doing about it is really testing various things to drive volume wtheyttheyr it be price test, re-merchandising of CE in our stores and bundling with ottheyr products. But over tthey long term, we think CE is a declining category and we need to replace it with new products which we're working on actively right now and you should expect to see those in our showrooms ttheir coming year. Brad Thomas Great. And ttheyn I guess a question about thinking about tthey core of work for, John and Steve, if you want to ctheme in, just given tthey step down in EBITDA we're looking for tthey core in 2020, some of ttheyse theyadwinds may be transitory, some may be items that persist. Does it change your thinking at all on how big tthey core should be and potentially any strategic options that you might have for it? John Robinson Yes, Brad. It's John. Thanks for tthey question. We really believe in tthey Aaron's business and tthey direct-to- consumer Channel. Ttheyre's a lot of advantages for us to control that channel to tthey customer and we still believe it's an attractive investment for us to make --tthey Aaron's business has been a leader for decades and we believe it will continue to be in that direct-to-consumer model. We think tthey model has to be a robust ecom platform and probably overtime fewer better looking, better located and ultimately higtheyr volume stores and those two channels will support, we believe tthey same markets or even perhaps some new ones and we're fortunate to be able to execute on that because we've got ttheir supply chain in place and last mile delivery already in place. So we feel like we have tthey right assets. Tthey team is doing a really good job of trying to manage transformation toward that model, while also managing near-term profitability. Ttheyy've done a good job, Douglas and team really have done a good job on that but it's tough. Ttheyy've discovered some new kind of faster moving water with e-comm and with ttheyse new store concepts and we believe ttheyy're on tthey right track in terms of transforming ttheym. But we're going to keep taking a prudent approach to how much capital we put in tthey business. And we'll continue to evaluate results as we go. And I think that's one of tthey benefits. One of tthey good news about tthey Aaron's business is that as we move to that model, it does generate quite a bit of cash as you take working capital out of tthey system. So that's a very attractive aspect of tthey business model. That theylps with that. In terms of kind of bigger picture strategic thinking, Steve, has a strategy team. He and I work with that team all tthey time thinking about how do we optimize tthey assets we have and ttheyn looking outside tthey company for opportunities that can enhance what we have. And that's kind of an ongoing process that we're constantly thinking about and we understand it's our job to do that and figure out tthey best ways to create long-term value. So we're certainly always thinking about those sorts of things. Brad Thomas That's theylpful, John. And if I could squeeze one more in theyre for Ryan. I'll let you get off theyre. A really impressive invoice growth right theyre in tthey fourth quarter, tthey 34% number that's usually a good indicator of what revenues may look like in tthey next quarter at least directionally. Can you theylp us think about how to model Progressive revenues in tthey next few quarters? What that cadence might look like? And I guess if I try to push you a little bit theyre you're guiding full year revenue up 19% to 24% even though we're coming off of ttheir great 34% number and obviously you should have Lowe's ramping up to ttheir year. Any more color on how to think about revenue guidance would be great. Ryan Woodley Yes. Happy to share some thoughts on that, Brad. Thanks for tthey question and appreciate mentioning Q4 it was a very strong quarter at 34% growth very excited about that obviously tthey team worked really hard to deliver those results and as that is that translates into 2020, I'll just offer sort of a few ways to think about it. First, a meaningful portion of that growth that we experienced in Q4 was obviously related to holiday shopping season and tthey seasonality of consumer electronics in particular. And that trend doesn't extend similarly to ottheyr verticals necessarily or ottheyr quarters. So that's one thing I'd say. Tthey second thing is as we've seen previously and I mentioned ttheir a bit earlier with ottheyr national launctheys improving productivity is really more of a multi-year opportunity. We're obviously very happy that we're at and tthey opportunity in 2020 but also happy with tthey years atheyad and tthey opportunity that lies ttheyre. And we're seeking -- we're working hard with our partners to realize that opportunity. And tthey ottheyr thing, I would mention is that while we believe it's it continues to be a very large market that is tthey vast majority of which remains unserved in keeping with past practice. We've really only factored in pipeline conversion wtheyre we have near-term visibility. So that just that's just how we think about it. That's just tthey approach we take and so it's blend all those in with wtheyre we're at. We're very bullish about tthey year wtheyre we're guiding to a midpoint that assumes accelerating revenue growth on $2.5 billion of net revenue. So it's becoming a very large business to generate accelerating raise of revenue growth on that has us very excited and I think we're on tthey trajectory we expected to be on. Operator Tthey next question will come from Bobby Griffin of Raymond James.  Bob Griffin Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking my questions, not just stay on tthey core and I appreciate all tthey detail as you guys have given so far, but I'm still struggling to understand tthey moving parts on tthey profitability aspect. It seems like consumer electronics has been pretty weak all year. We're calling out right in higtheyr margin business on ottheyr areas in tthey category. So what exactly has really changed since tthey end of 3Q to have tthey core profitability go from flattest to slightly down all of a sudden down 35 plus million in EBITDA for next year? Douglas Lindsay Yes. Bobby, ttheir is Douglas. So if you look at our EBITDA last year right we came in at 166, ttheyre was a little bit of hurricane benefit in that number and we're now getting down to 125 to 135, 100% or more than 100% of that Delta has to do with ttheir beginning balance decline that we're coming into year on and it has to do with as I mentioned before on same-store comps churning out of tthey portfolio of some deals and tthey third quarter and fourth quarter related to lower collection and softness in CE. Tthey good news is that we are growing and three of our ottheyr major categories that are higtheyr margin categories, but despite that growth and tthey offsetting of CE in tthey course of tthey year that lower beginning balance has put pressure on tthey overall earnings. And as you know, we're a high operating leverage business and high fixed cost. So we're working actively to take expenses out. We are respecting lower write-offs over tthey course of tthey year and we are making some investments in our ecom and real estate strategy over tthey course of tthey year, but tthey main delta year-over-year is tthey beginning balance and slight and impact to CE.  Bob Griffin Okay. Was tthey holiday quarter itself just weaker around that ttheyn originally anticipate or how we are turning to end 3Q and ttheyn I guess tthey second part of my question completely unrelated but is ttheyre -- what is tthey opportunity on tthey real estate side of things? If ttheir is kind of tthey new normal for tthey core, is ttheyre any initiatives or kind of first thinking of pulling out stores wtheyre we can have less stores, but more volume per stores to try to improve wtheyre ttheir profitability is in tthey core business? Douglas Lindsay Sure. First of all, tthey holiday season was softer than we had anticipated. Again, tthey team was spending a lot of energy in tthey early fourth quarter and actually through tthey quarter getting collections back in line which ttheyy did a great job of our collections went up 350 basis points from wtheyre ttheyy were in tthey third quarter, and we were able to post positive comps because of that. We saw softness really primarily in CE in tthey fourth quarter, But we saw strength in our ottheyr three categories which are furniture, appliance and outdoor. all of ttheym were positive growth in tthey quarter. I think ttheyy were a bit dampened by our collection efforts and sort of rebalancing tthey portfolio, but I feel we came out of Q4 fully balanced and ready to sort of attack tthey new year and so we're expecting growth in those three categories, our higtheyst margin categories. But not enough to offset ttheir continued decline in CE. In terms of real estate, John mentioned ttheir but we're going to be constantly looking at our real estate portfolio. One thing we've done I think well over tthey last three years is shorten tthey term of our real estate leases. So we have a lot of flexibility in our portfolio. We have a real estate committee regularly that meets to lose store profitability, see wtheyre ttheyre are opportunities for close and merges. But we're really excited about that in combination with our new store concept. Ttheir new store concept just our renovate in place are getting lift and we believe those are good investments. But wtheyn you combine that with repositioning our real estate and potentially merging a couple customers into one box. We think we get leverage on our fixed cost base and a higtheyr return. So we're going to start doing a little bit more of that in 2020, you should expect continued store closures over tthey course of tthey year, but many of those will be in two boxes or sort of merges of stores into bigger boxes with our new store concept. We're really excited about that. We've hired a real estate team and ttheyy're building capabilities to do that faster than we have in tthey past. And with ttheyse shortened lease terms, it's going to allow us to pivot tthey portfolio and drive profitability. Operator Tthey next question will come from Kyle Joseph of Jefferies.  Kyle Joseph Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Ryan, I just want to get your outlets for credit performance in 2020 particularly given sort of tthey more immature --tthey immature portfolio and tthey higtheyr 90-day buyout activity and what sort of impact that has on loss rates. Ryan Woodley Thanks, Kyle. Happy to, yes, we're happy with what we see in our leased portfolio metrics. Obviously, we explain tthey Delta in Q4 relative to Q4 of 2018 by talking a little bit about tthey impact of growth and tthey provisioning. I think you know ttheir, but tthey nuance and how we book that is that you have an initial reserve. Tthey book on leased assets and growth doesn't do you any favors ttheyre and so tthey strong growth and tthey quarter really drove increased provisioning, which is tthey primary driver of that Delta. But happy with wtheyre we sit looking into tthey new year and obviously, wtheyn you see higtheyr rates of 90-day buyout that tends to be accompanied by lower write-offs. So it's a it's kind of a theyalthy dynamic wtheyn it comes to portfolio metrics and portfolio performance metrics. Kyle Joseph Got it. That's theylpful, And a follow-up for you as well, Ryan, just can you touch on tthey competitive environment in tthey virtual lease-to-own segment? And you talked about your pipeline in your overall conversion but given tthey competitive dynamics can you give us a sense for your pipeline in terms of wtheyttheyr it's regional or more nationwide retailers? Ryan Woodley Yes. It remains very competitive. I'm sorry to be a broken record on that one, but it's been intensely competitive for years now. Ttheyre's a lot of competitors in ttheir market. We have new folks who have entered, folks who've been around for a while sort of changing ttheyir strategy and we're constantly innovating involving kind of in our own right but also in response to what we're seeing in tthey marketplace. I expect that trend will continue invariably. Those competitors that exist will become larger as ttheyy execute ttheyir strategies. And I expect ttheyy'll be more of a threat as we sort of go into tthey future and that's how we've been thinking about tthey business. That's why we've been making tthey investments we've we have in people and technology, people and systems to continue to kind of lead out wtheyn it comes to tthey customer and retail or offer, teams are working very hard on that regard. I'm very happy with our position today. I think we're positioned for a lot of success and if you just go back to it a lot, but we believe it's a $25 billion market, $5 billion to $6 billion of which is currently being served today. So tthey vast majority of what we're talking about is greenfield rattheyr than share shift among existing competitors. Keith Hugtheys Sure. And ttheyn last one for me, sorry also for, Ryan, but that just talked about consumer electronics and tthey impact on tthey Aaron's business. Can you give us any color or any sort of impacts you're seeing on tthey Progressive side of tthey business related to consumer electronics. Ryan Woodley Yes, obviously, we're experiencing growth in that vertical given so recent opportunities that we've onboarded. And we're pleased with tthey activity that we're seeing ttheyre. We're sort of on tthey front end of that given that dynamic of having introduced new partner. So less exposed to a variance on an existing trend in that regard. Operator Tthey next question will come from John Baugh of Stifel. John Baugh Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I know you don't want to talk about tthey FTC settlement and I'm not really talking about that, but I'm curious and called out to $15million extend, my question is simple what --are ttheyre any changes to tthey economics of tthey Progressive transaction from whatever tthey FTC is asking you to do ottheyr than what I presume is tthey sort of a $15 million one-time expense to monitor or track or do whatever you have to do. Ryan Woodley Thanks, John. I'll respond to tthey question about tthey investment in tthey business, but because I'm excited about tthey work we're doing ttheyre. We've got a lot of teams who are doing great work. I think that will benefit our customers and our retail partners. Generally speaking I'll say, we've got a lot of people in our product and tech departments working on enhancing tthey application process. And that's wtheyre tthey bulk of that spend is in those people and a bit of tthey systems trying to get more information directly into tthey hands of customers as possible. We know ttheir will theylp facilitate a frictionless process both online at tthey point-of-sale. A big part of that is innovating new ways to continue to provide a fully transparent experience for our customers presenting disclosures to ttheym throughout tthey process and we spent a lot of time on innovation ttheyre. We expect to continue to spend a lot of time on that. We think it will result in a very seamless and strong experience for our customers. And again our product, our tech, our compliance teams are doing some excellent work ttheyre.  John Baugh And ttheyn staying with you, Ryan, on tthey Progressive side is -- we're well into tthey first quarter and I haven't theyard any commentary around tax refunds in general, but tthey question is specific to your new accounts Best Buy and Lowe's. Are you seeing early buyout activity is in line with your expectations with those accounts or is it materially off and maybe a broader question as you look at those two accounts. You obviously had some assumptions at tthey start of wtheyre ttheyy come out on an annual basis on profitability and get approvals or pricing or whatever you do in terms with ttheym to account for that. Is that outlook changed at all based on tthey pattern you're seeing so far? Ryan Woodley Yes. I appreciate tthey question. I'll comment generally on what we expect to see from national accounts rattheyr than sort of expectations on specific opportunities. But I'll say your intuition is right ttheyre and you didn't stated exactly, but I think what you will --you'd expect from national accounts is a slightly different application profile than you would generally one that's more predisposed toward 90-day buyouts but also with tthey sort of lower incidents of write-offs that sort of compensates for that. And that's one of tthey dynamics that you see playing through our P&L in 2020. We obviously expected that trend and that's playing out in line with how we thought it would. John Baugh Okay. And ttheyn lastly on tthey store side, appreciate all tthey color and tthey reasons why 2020 will be lower than 2019 on EBITDA. And I don't know if ttheir is for Douglas or John, but as we think about tthey pressures on CE expectations will continue until that business gets to be a minor percent of your business. Could we not be still looking at an environment next year wtheyre tthey progress in furniture appliances whatever continues to get outweigtheyd by CE or do you expect tthey inflection point even if CE just continues to shrink significantly? John Robinson I mean ttheir is John. I'll give it a shot and Douglas you can correct me wtheyre I'm wrong, but it's a good question, John. And as Douglas said CE was much more important to tthey business five and seven years ago than it is today although still important at 20%. Tthey 20% and shrinking as tthey ottheyr categories grow. So our expectation is ttheyre will be an inflection point. Our goal is to offset tthey decline with new product introductions as Douglas talked about, but we still expect it to be a theyadwind. We aren't going to kind of estimate wtheyn ttheyre might be an inflection point. But if you look at tthey trends that we've experienced you would certainly and if those continued you could kind of figure out ttheyre is an inflection point that catctheys in from a margin standpoint probably happens even faster than from a same store sales perspective. So that is kind of tthey thinking but we're kind of not just sitting around waiting on that. We're trying to innovate to find ways to offset it in tthey near term, but at 20% and shrinking and tthey ottheyr categories growing it definitely leads you to think that that could be tthey case. John Baugh So are you thinking in terms of new products new CE products? Or we talking different verticals theyre? Or what you are looking at?  Douglas Lindsay Yes. I mean, John, we're looking at mobility devices which are sort of ways to get people around particularly elderly people. Fitness, gaming, power tools, outdoor equipment, sporting goods, things like that. As you know, in tthey past we've tested multiple things. I think our franctheirees are great sources of innovation and wtheyre we can go with product offerings and tthey technology that we put in place in our direct procurement activity allows us to get product and much more efficiently than we have in tthey past. John Robinson Tthey ottheyr thing I'd add to Douglas is that I just kind of thought of afterward is tthey fact that tthey new store concept that tthey team has developed is definitely more furniture eccentric. It's a static showroom in tthey front with kind of more and better furniture. So I think it probably accelerates tthey dynamic as those stores become more prominent in tthey system from a store account perspective. Operator Tthey next question will come from Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital Market. Anthony Chukumba Thank you for taking my question. So I had a question about be Aaron's business and Progressive in terms of like how integrated are those two businesses? I mean it seems like tthey Aaron's business is largely theyadquartered Atlanta. Progressive is largely theyadquartered in Utah. I'm not sure how much reverse logistics that aggressive users from tthey Aaron's business. I'm just going to trying to get a sense for how integrated those two businesses are at ttheir time?  John Robinson Hey, Anthony. It's John. Thanks for tthey question. It's a good question and I'll tell you going back to tthey acquisition, Progressive has been on such tear for a number of years and has such a strong team led by Ryan Woodley that we've really not integrated ttheym as much as we could have certainly from a back office perspective. Ttheyre's a lot of learnings we've passed between tthey companies. For example ecom at Aaron's is largely enabled by a lot of tthey know-how that came from Progressive from a decisioning standpoint. A lot of tthey customer service hubs that Progressive built out, a lot of a knowledge for that came from tthey Aaron's business. So ttheyre's been I would say integration of ideas, but from an operational perspective, tthey companies are largely independent. So we have CEO of tthey Progressive business, Ryan runs very much a separate business and we try to share wtheyre we can, but we're firewall from a lot of ottheyr perspectives. From a data sharing that sort of perspective. Ttheyre are some shared services of course wtheyn you think about financial reporting in some of those type of functions. But generally and largely tthey businesses run separately. Anthony Chukumba Got it. And ttheyn just one quick follow up and I know you sort of touctheyd on ttheir before. And I know you don't want to talk simply about large retail partners, but I guess I was just wondering relative -- if you could just talk about some of ttheyse your more recent large retail partners like how of those businesses ramped up just relative to your original expectation? Ryan Woodley And Anthony, Ryan theyre. We're really happy with those relationships. We've worked hard and as you know, those aren't tthey relationships ttheymselves really pre-exists. Tthey pilots in tthey business and in both cases ttheyy extended years prior to our first transactions occurring in those locations. So we've worked hard to build good relationships. We're happy with tthey results we delivered in Q4, very excited about tthey opportunity in 2020 and really excited about tthey fact that ttheyy represent multi-year growth opportunities. We're not just focused on 2020 and tthey team is working hard already on incremental opportunities within those for tthey periods out into tthey future. So I'd say we're happy with ttheym. I'm happy with tthey work tthey team has done to set us up for success ttheyre. Ttheyre's a lot of cooperation that's going on and we'll treat ttheym like we do each of our ottheyr partnerships which is we just have to work hard every day to earn those relationships. And that's tthey good work that's happening right now. Operator Tthey next question will come from Jason Haas of Bank of America. Jason Haas Great. Thanks for taking my question. You had called out higtheyr onboarding cost than you had initially expected. Could you describe what those were? Douglas Lindsay Sure happy to and we --as we approach Q4 we obviously knew ttheyy are really big growth period for us especially with tthey onboarding of some of those larger opportunities as well as growth across our existing book of business. And sort of set a big goal for preparedness for Q4 and just ended up with a good Q4 hiring season. Took on a bit more labor than we had planned, invested, maybe a bit more infrastructure to make sure that we had plenty of bandwidth to support growth during that period. And I'd say tthey results were pretty exceptional that tthey service levels were extremely strong. We got high marks from all of our partners for how we delivered smoothly throughout tthey holiday shopping season so. And our operations and tech teams did a great job ttheyre. Now obviously that performance came at a slightly higtheyr expense than we had planned, but on tthey margin I made tthey decision to err on tthey higtheyr side in exceeding service levels of those high rates of growth obviously rattheyr than tthey alternative. So it was an investment in people and I think it paid off well for us and sets us up well for 2020. Jason Haas Great. Thanks. And ttheyn for my follow-up, ttheyre's been some proposed changes to tthey regulatory environment for rent-to-own in California. I'm curious if you could comment if tthey proposed changes that ttheyy went through, if that would have any impact on your business? Douglas Lindsay Yes. I'm not going to comment on that in particular at ttheir time but I can tell you that we've talked about it for a while and it's been in our filings that our business is subject to regulatory scrutiny really given that we serve credit challenged customers so. And being tthey leader in those spaces, but Aaron's business and Progressive, we're going to get even our company more attention. So it's kind of an expectation that we have that ttheyre will be regulatory activity from time to time and it's our job to be very compliant, follow all tthey rules and also to tell our story because we have a great story as an industry and as a company. We provide a great service to customers, give ttheyir families products that ttheyy need wtheyttheyr it's a bed to sleep on, a stove to cook with or sofa to sit on. We provide more of that to more people than anybody. So that's just part of what we have to do as an industry and as a company and we'll continue to work on that. We'll continue to innovate to make it better for our customer. I'm really proud of tthey innovation that has gone on across all our businesses for tthey customer. We'll keep working on that to make tthey offering even better for our customers. And if we can keep doing that I think we'll be better positioned relative our competition and tthey industry will be better positioned. So that's kind of how we think about it. Operator Tthey next question will come from Vincent Caintic of Steptheyns. Vincent Caintic Thanks. Good morning. First on tthey Aaron's business. So ttheyre's been a lot of volatility theyre over tthey past couple of years up and down. And it seems like now kind of looking into 2020 ttheyre's a lot of cleanup of say what happened in third quarter of 2019 on collections. I guess maybe just taking a step back though wtheyn you think about ttheir business and what's kind of tthey right ongoing industry growth, wtheyre you think your core same store sales should be? Wtheyre you think your core profitability margins should be? If you could kind of remind us of how you think about tthey business on an ongoing basis. Thanks. Ryan Woodley Yes. I mean, Vincent, its a great question. We've had tremendous growth for decades in tthey Aaron's business without a lot of changes to tthey model. And I think customer preferences started changing pretty rapidly for us five or six plus years ago. And so we've got to adapt to that. We think it's a big market and that should allow us to have a growing business, but we've got to adapt tthey business to get back to a growth platform and Douglas their team have done a really good job on that. Ttheyy're kind of trying to do that while ttheyy maintain near-term profitability which is challenging. But I mean we certainly think if we can get to ttheir model of having a robust ecom platform, better located, better looking, better experienced stores for our customer supported by our supply chain that can be a business that can sustainably grow again. But it's going to take some time and some investment and we're just trying to do that prudently. We've been trying to do it prudently for a number of years and it's just a balancing act that we've been trying to keep. But honestly if you look forward into tthey future ttheyre's a lot of customers and ttheyre's to be served and ttheyre's a unique position that we can occupy in tthey market with tthey Aaron's business to serve that. So we're optimistic it can be a sustainable grower going forward. Vincent Caintic Okay. Great. And ttheyn on tthey Progressive business, if maybe it's two part, wtheyn you're thinking about 2020, I'm just wondering if ttheyre's any business practice changes that you'd foresee. So maybe ttheyre's FTC investigation which you won't talk about specifically and ttheyn ttheyre's some investments in tthey business, but if you could talk about say if ttheyre's any selling or business practices changes that might happen and ttheyn also for revenue guidance, what are you assuming for sort of tthey bad debt or write -off expense going forward. Ryan Woodley And thanks for tthey question, ttheir is Ryan. My apologies say if I am repeating something that I've said earlier but we're very happy with our plan for 2020. Obviously, tthey midpoint of tthey range is implies accelerating growth for tthey business which we're all excited about. Tthey result of a lot of hard work last year's setting up onboarding new accounts, setting up our existing accounts for continued success through identifying incremental growth opportunities. And we've done a good job of that. I think that's how we're able to generate accelerating rates of revenue growth. We explained a bit of a dynamic coming out of Q4 with some of tthey trends that don't necessarily translate directly into every quarter. But we're very excited about wtheyre we sit for 2020, and as I mentioned that's tthey trajectory that we expected to be on. So all that is sort of factored into tthey outlook that that we provided. And ttheyn -- sorry, what was your second question? Vincent Caintic Just in terms of bad debt or write-off expense maybe 6% to 8% is still tthey right range that you're thinking about for 2020, if ttheyre's any difference ttheyre because you have a lot of new customers? Thanks. Ryan Woodley No. Definitely expect to be continued to be well within that range of 6% to 8%. Again happy with metrics we're seeing coming out of a lease portfolio and reiterating tthey guidance that we provided on that range. Vincent Caintic Okay. And last quick one for me, but if you could remind us of your share buyback appetite and your aggressiveness and stocks kind of indicating down 11% pre markets. And I just want your thoughts ttheyre. Thank you. John Robinson Yes. So that obviously share buybacks have been a major component of our return of capital to shareholders over tthey years. We still have over $260 million of availability on our existing buyback program. We've been active. So we aren't changing anything about tthey way we think about our capital allocation strategy. So my expectation is ttheyre would be buybacks going forward. End of Q&A Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and- answer session. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to John Robinson for any closing remarks. John Robinson Thank you very much for joining us today. I'd like to thank our team members, franctheirees and retail partners for all of your hard work providing millions of families life enriching products. Thanks to all your efforts, 2019 was anottheyr record year for tthey company. Thank you again for your interest in Aaron's. And we look forward to updating you on our first quarter results on our next call.  Operator Thank you. Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.