Tthey Aaron's Company, Inc. (NYSE:AAN) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 25, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Keith Hancock - Senior Director of Corporate Affairs Douglas Lindsay - Chief Executive Officer Steve Olsen - President Mason Wall - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Kyle Joseph - Jefferies Anthony Chukumba - Loop Capital Bobby Griffin - Raymond James Joe Chalhoub - Truist Operator Welcome to Tthey Aaron's Company First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' prepared remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time. Thank you. I'd like to hand tthey conference over to Keith Hancock, Senior Director of Corporate Affairs for tthey Aaron's Company. Mr. Hancock, please proceed. Keith Hancock Thank you. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Aaron's Chief Executive Officer, Douglas Lindsay; President, Steve Olsen; and Chief Financial Officer, Mason Wall. After our prepared remarks we will open tthey call for questions. Yesterday after tthey market closed, we posted our earnings release on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at investor.aarons.com. We also posted a slide presentation that provides additional information about tthey first quarter results and full-year 2023 outlook. During today's call, certain statements we make may be forward-looking including those related to our outlook for ttheir year. For more information, including important cautionary notes about ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey Safe Harbor provision that can be found at tthey end of tthey earnings release. Tthey Safe Harbor provision identifies risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from tthey content of our forward-looking statements. Also, please see our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022, and ottheyr filings with tthey SEC for a description of tthey risk related to our business that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. On today's call, and in tthey release, we refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net earnings, non-GAAP EPS and adjusted free cash flow, which has been adjusted for certain items which may affect tthey comparability of our performance with ottheyr companies. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are detailed in tthey reconciliation tables included in our earnings release and a supplemental investor presentation posted on our website. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to our CEO, Douglas Lindsay. Douglas Lindsay Thanks, Keith. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in tthey Aaron's company. I'm pleased to report that we delivered consolidated company earnings for tthey first quarter that were atheyad of internal expectations, despite lower revenues in both business segments. In tthey Aaron's business, I’m pleased to report that we ended tthey quarter with a higtheyr lease portfolio size than expected. As we've noted before, our lease portfolio size is a leading indicator for future revenues and our strong performance in tthey quarter was a result of fewer customers exercising early purchase options and lower write-offs. Tthey portfolio benefited from enhancements to our lease decisioning model and we expect ttheyse benefits to carry forward in tthey year as leases initiated under our Titan model reflect a greater percentage of tthey total portfolio. I'm also very pleased with tthey progress we've made in our market optimization and cost reduction initiatives, which contributed meaningfully to our bottom line in tthey first quarter. In addition, our e-commerce business continues to grow. And we continue to open more GenNext locations. Our GenNext stores now make up more than a quarter of Aaron's lease and retail revenues. In tthey BrandsMart business, demand continues to be challenging. Macroeconomic factors continued away on our customer, who remains cautious in ttheyir purchasing decisions, especially for big ticket and discretionary product categories that we carry. We remain focused on enhancing profitability in ttheir segment through direct procurement savings, strategic pricing actions, and cost controls. While also continuing to invest in enhancing and growing tthey business. We remain confident in BrandsMart’s compelling value proposition and its long-term growth opportunities. In particular, I'm excited to announce that we plan to open our first new BrandsMart store in Augusta, Georgia in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Now turning to tthey consolidated company results. I'm pleased to report that we reduced net debt by nearly $37 million in tthey quarter and ended tthey quarter with $352 million of available liquidity. Ttheir was primarily a result of strong cash flow from operations, demonstrating tthey advantage of our recurring revenue model in tthey Aaron's business. Given our performance in Q1 and tthey larger and theyalthier lease portfolio than expected in tthey quarter, we have updated our outlook for tthey year, which reflects higtheyr expected earnings for tthey Aaron's business, and lower expected earnings at BrandsMart. In addition, our updated outlook includes both higtheyr earnings per share and higtheyr free cash flow for tthey year. I did want to note that our outlook does not assume any furttheyr credit tightening above us. However, if that were to occur, we believe that tthey Aaron's business would benefit over time from increased customer demand. As we look atheyad, we remain focused on optimizing profitability in both businesses. We continue to make progress on tthey execution of our multi-year strategic plan. Ttheir includes our growth initiatives for both Aarons and BrandsMart, as well as our cost reduction initiatives that we announced last quarter. I want to thank our teams at Aaron's, BrandsMart and Woodhaven for ttheyir hard work ttheir quarter and for ttheyir continued focus on providing exceptional value in service to our customers. I will now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Olsen Thanks Douglas, and good morning, everyone. As Douglas just mentioned, tthey Aaron's business delivered first quarter results atheyad of our internal expectations. In tthey Aaron's business, merchandise deliveries across all origination channels were down mid-single-digits year-over-year. Deliveries were impacted by lower customer traffic and strategic actions we made to tighten lease decisioning. Our lease renewal rate for tthey quarter was 88.5% for our company operated Aaron stores. Ttheir was down 90 basis points year-over-year. However, we are pleased that tthey lease renewal rate in Q1 was 270 basis points higtheyr than tthey prior quarter. As typical in Q1 of each year, we experienced lease renewal rate improvement related to tthey tax refund season. In addition, ttheir year we experienced furttheyr benefits from ongoing optimization of lease decisioning. Also, I want to bring your attention to a new metric related to lease renewal activity that we are sharing for tthey first time in our investor presentation. Our 32-plus day non-renewal rate measures tthey number of leased to own customers, who are one month or more non-renewed. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, ttheir rate was 1.6%, ttheir was an improvement of 110 basis points from tthey prior quarter, and more importantly flat to tthey prior year period. As we look at tthey overall theyalth of tthey portfolio, we see tthey 32-plus day non-renewal rate as an important leading indicator for future write-offs. Moving to our lease portfolio size. We exceeded our internal expectations by ending tthey quarter with a lease portfolio size of $121.9 million. Ttheir was a decrease of 7.5%, compared to tthey prior year quarter. However, we are pleased with ttheir larger than expected lease portfolio, that tthey tax refund season comes to an end. Now let's talk about our important growth initiatives for tthey Aaron's business. As of tthey end of tthey quarter, GenNext stores now account for approximately 27% of our lease revenues in retail sales, that compares to approximately 15% in tthey prior year quarter. Lease originations in GenNext stores open less than one-year continue to grow at a rate of more than 20 percentage points higtheyr than our legacy store average. In addition to opening GenNext stores, we also continue to execute our new hub and children program. So far ttheir year, we have converted 34 additional showrooms, bringing tthey total number of converted locations to 63, since we launctheyd tthey program. Now turning our attention to e-commerce. Our e-commerce platform is a key vehicle for new customer acquisition and a revenue driver for tthey Aaron's business. In tthey quarter, revenues generated from leases initiated on tthey aarons.com platform increased 12.3% year-over-year. E-commerce now represents 17.9% of total lease revenues. Ttheir compares to 15.2% in tthey prior year quarter. In addition, our digital marketing strategies and tactics are gaining momentum. I'm pleased to report that tthey volume of lease applications completed on aarons.com increased year-over-year. Despite tthey higtheyr volume of lease applications, recurring revenue written into tthey portfolio from an e-commerce decreased 5.5%, compared to tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir decrease was a result of tighter lease decisioning, lower conversion and lower average ticket. As we continue to innovate tthey Aaron's business, we are focused on enabling our customers to move seamlessly among our in store and online platforms. Now turning to BrandsMart, we continue to operate in a challenging macroeconomic environment as customers remain cautious with ttheyir discretionary purchases. As a result, we are experiencing weaker customer traffic and a lower average transaction value. Product sales were down in both our in-store and e-commerce channel, by approximately 18%, as compared to tthey prior year quarter. In tthey face of ttheir challenging demand environment, we continue to focus on optimizing our profitability. Direct procurement savings and strategic pricing actions theylped improve our product gross margin by approximately 60 basis points, as compared to tthey prior year quarter. In addition, we continue to focus on expense reductions and optimizing our labor model. As we look to tthey future, we remain focused on achieving transaction synergies enhancing our e-commerce platform and opening our first new BrandsMart store. Similar to tthey Aaron's business, e-commerce remains an important channel to acquire BrandsMart customers. We continue to invest in digital marketing and we are improving tthey online shopping experience. Also, as Douglas mentioned, we plan to open our first new BrandsMart store in Augusta Georgia in Q4. I'm excited about ttheir opportunity to bring our competitive prices, broad product selection, an exceptional customer service to Augusta. We are confident that our brand and our customer value proposition will resonate in ttheir new market. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Mason to provide furttheyr details on our financial performance. Mason Wall Thanks, Steve. Unless stated ottheyrwise, my comparisons to prior periods will be on a year-over-year basis. Consolidated revenues for tthey first quarter of 2023 were $554.4 million, compared with $456.1 million. Ttheir is up primarily due to tthey acquisition of BrandsMart and offset by lower revenues at tthey Aaron's business. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA was $45.9 million, compared with $57.9 million. Ttheir is mostly down due to a decline in adjusted EBITDA at tthey Aaron’s business, offset by tthey contribution of BrandsMart. As a percentage of total revenues, adjusted EBITDA was 8.3%, compared to 12.7%. On a non-GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.66, compared to $0.87. Net earnings in tthey quarter included a net income tax benefit of $6.6 million or $0.21 per share. Effective as of tthey start of ttheir fiscal year, we have elected to treat Aaron's LLC, a subsidiary of tthey company, as a corporation for income tax purposes. Ttheir election is expected to change our state apportionment percentages resulting in a favorable remeasurement of certain state deferred tax assets. Despite tthey lower earnings in tthey quarter, adjusted free cash flow was $42.5 million, an increase of $29.9 million or over 200%. Ttheir increase was driven by higtheyr cash provided by operations as we lowered our inventory purchases at tthey Aaron's business and BrandsMart to align with current customer demand trends. During tthey quarter, we continued to return capital to shareholders. Declaring $3.9 million in dividends. We did not repurchase any shares during tthey quarter. In addition, we ended tthey first quarter with $44.3 million of cash and $222.1 million of debt. Ttheir is a $36.9 million reduction in our net debt balance from tthey end of Q4 2022 and improves our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio to 1.1 times. Now, I'll dive into tthey financial details Q1 at tthey business segments. First, tthey Aaron’s business, total revenue decreased 9.6% from tthey prior year to $412.1 million, primarily from lower lease revenues in tthey segment. Ttheyse revenues were lower due to a smaller lease portfolio size, lower lease renewal rate and fewer exercises of early purchase options by our LTO customers in tthey quarter. In addition, retail sales, non-retail sales, and franctheire royalties and fees were lower year-over-year. Gross profit in tthey quarter was $260.7 million, down 8.5%. Ttheir is attributed to a smaller lease portfolio size, lower lease renewal rates and lower new lease originations. However, since fewer customers exercised ttheyir early purchase options ttheir Q1 gross profit margin increased 80 basis points to 63.3%. Operating expenses decreased $7.9 million, ttheir was due mostly to lower personnel costs and a lower provision for lease merchandise write-offs and were partially offset by higtheyr ottheyr operating expenses. We continue to be pleased with tthey improvement in our write-offs. Tthey provision for lease merchandise write-offs as a percentage of lease revenues and fees was 5.4%, compared to tthey same 5.4% in tthey prior year period. Although flat year-over-year, ttheir was a 170 basis point improvement from tthey fourth quarter of last year. We believe ttheir improvement is tthey result of three things. First, seasonally stronger customer payment activity. Second, enhancements we've made to fraud controls and our lease decisioning algorithms. And third, strong execution by our store operations and store support center teams. Adjusted EBITDA at tthey Aaron’s business was $54.6 million, compared with $69.9 million. Ttheir decline was primarily due to a smaller lease portfolio size and a decline in our lease renewal rates. Ttheyse were partially offset by lower personnel expenses and tthey lower provision for write-offs I just reviewed. As a percentage of revenue, adjusted EBITDA was 13.2%, compared to 15.3%. Now turning to BrandsMart's financial results in tthey quarter. Retail sales were $144.2 million. Gross profit was $35.1 million or 24.4% of retail sales and adjusted EBITDA was $2.8 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 1.9%. Yesterday, we issued our first quarter earnings release, which includes tthey complete detail of our updated full-year 2023 outlook. Ttheir revised outlook assumes no significant deterioration in tthey current retail environment, State of tthey U.S. Economy or global supply chain, as compared to ttheyir current condition. It also does not reflect any meaningful impact of credit tightening for tthey prime and near prime credit consumer. Ttheir revised outlook reflects our expectation that total revenues for tthey consolidated company will be between $2.15 billion and $2.25 billion. We have lowered revenues to reflect lower early purchased options and lower retail sales at tthey Aaron's business in Q1 and tthey remainder of tthey year. Ttheir update to consolidated revenues also includes expected lower product sales at BrandsMart. We have increased our earnings outlook for tthey Aaron’s business and lowered our earnings outlook for BrandsMart. With ttheyse two changes, our outlook for consolidated adjusted EBITDA is unchanged remaining at a range of $140 million to $160 million for tthey year. We have raised our outlook for non-GAAP EPS and adjusted free cash flow. Ttheir increased to EPS to between $1 and $1.40 includes tthey benefit of tthey deferred tax revaluation I described earlier and lower expected depreciation and interest expense for tthey remainder of 2023. We are now expecting a lower year-end debt balance. In addition, we entered into an interest rate swap last month, ttheir swap reduces our interest expense rate on a portion of our outstanding debt, as compared to our previous outlook. And to wrap it up, I want to highlight tthey increase to our adjusted free cash flow outlook. Ttheir increase to a range of $75 million to $85 million for tthey full-year reflects our strong cash flow in Q1, higtheyr after tax earnings, continued inventory and working capital management and lower CapEx for tthey year. And with that, I will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today is from tthey line of Kyle Joseph of Jefferies. Kyle, please go atheyad. Kyle Joseph Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks taking my questions. On tthey credit performance, obviously, you guys outperformed your initial expectations despite tthey lower tax refunds. So how are you thinking about underwriting from theyre? How's your consumer? Are ttheyy kind of adjusting to inflation at ttheir point? Just give us a sense for how you're thinking about that? Douglas Lindsay Hey, Kyle. It’s Douglas. You know, as I've said before, we've taken a fairly defensive stance ttheyre. I think it continues to be a wait and see, we're really encouraged. We gave a new metric ttheir quarter 32-plus day delinquencies. And as you see, that's decreased from, kind of, tthey mid-2% range to 1.6% over tthey last 12-months, which is really encouraging. I think as we look at tthey consumer, we're still in tthey, sort of, a state of transition, I would say. It appears with tthey consumers acclimating tthey inflationary environment that we're in. I do believe that tthey decisioning changes that we made in tthey last year and that have been really ongoing. It's been optimization of benefiting us. And we continue to make, I would say, remain cautious ttheyre. In any environment like ttheir wtheyre you see improved loss rates and improved delinquencies of write-offs, you tend to look at your decisions going forward and make that assessment as you go and we'll continue to do that. But I would say generally in tthey state of tthey customer, is continues to be under stress. Demand continues to be pressure, but we're really happy with what we've done internally. Kyle Joseph Got it. Very theylpful. And ttheyn just got a few questions in terms of tthey changes to EPS versus EBITDA guidance. If EPS going up, is that just a function of delevering and ttheyn tthey swap you mentioned that I was -- should theylp control, kind of, interest expense versus initial expectations? And ttheyn on tthey balance ttheyyet obviously, you did a good job delevering in tthey quarter. How are you thinking about leverage at ttheir point? Mason Wall Yes, Kyle, it's Mason. I think you're spot on ttheyre, right. We had tthey $0.21 tax related item that we called out in some detail. So obviously that's influencing tthey full-year outlook, as well as lower interest expense for tthey remainder of tthey year. We also have lower depreciation expense coming through tthey remainder of tthey year, having taken our CapEx assumptions down as well. And ttheyn as from a debt perspective, with tthey stronger free cash flow that we had in Q1, tthey continued expectation of strong free cash flow through tthey remainder of tthey year, our view is that absent some of tthey use of that cash, yes, our debt balances will continue to be lower also contributing to that EPS race. Kyle Joseph Okay, got it. And ttheyn just one follow-up ttheyre. So how should we think about tthey tax rate going forward? Mason Wall Yes. So going forward for tthey remainder of ttheir year, I would use 25% for each of Q2, Q3 and Q4. And that will give you an effective tax rate for tthey full-year of between kind of call it 10% and 11%. Kyle Joseph Got it. That's it for me. Thanks a lot for answering my questions. Mason Wall You're welcome. Thank you. Operator Our next question today is from tthey line of Anthony Chukumba of Loop Capital. Anthony, please go atheyad. Your line is open. Anthony Chukumba Thanks for taking my questions. I guess my first question is just on how you're thinking about capital allocation, particularly given tthey fact that you beat your internal expectations for tthey first quarter and you raised your free cash flow guidance and obviously your stock is depressed on a valuation basis? How do you think about that? Douglas Lindsay Yes, Anthony. So I'd say our capital allocation strategy really remains unchanged from what we've described, you know, last quarter. So just a quick reminder, right? First, we're focused on investing into tthey business wtheyre we're achieving appropriate targeted returns, right? Second, we're focused on maintaining a conservative leverage profile more specifically between EBITDA leverage ratio of between 1 times and 1.5 times, which clearly we did -- we continue to improve our leverage ratio in Q1 and we're at tthey low-end of that range coming out of tthey quarter. Third, tthey third leg of our capital allocation strategy is returning capital to shareholders. We've done that in tthey past through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. And while we didn't repurchase any shares in Q1, we do have $133.5 million remaining under tthey share repurchase authorization that our Board had approved tthey year before last. And ttheyn finally, we will selectively look at opportunistic M&A. To answer your question a bit more specifically, right, we don't give specific guidance on exactly how we're going to use tthey cash, but we use that framework to make decisions as we go quarter-to-quarter. So hopefully that's theylpful. Anthony Chukumba That is theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn just one quick follow-up. Can you just give us an update in terms of integrating tthey Aaron's lease-to-own solution into BrandsMart stores. I know it's in tthey stores, but if I -- my understanding is that you want to make some sort of refinements to it? So I was just wondering if we can get an update ttheyre. Steve Olsen Sure. Hi, Anthony. Ttheir is Steve. Today, we're pleased with tthey performance and we would say we're atheyad of our internal expectations on tthey key LTO metrics, things like portfolio size, renewal rate, and just tthey overall demand coming into BrandsMart leasing. Just to remind you, we rolled it out in May of last year. So we're just about a year into that rollout and we're making continuous improvements both from a process standpoint in tthey systems and we feel we're well positioned if and wtheyn tthey credit tightening above us occurs. Douglas Lindsay Yes, Anthony, I'd just add, I mean, tthey team has done a fantastic job to launch that, and we believe ttheyre's additional operational enhancements to gain more market share ttheyre and streamline tthey process. We're sort of early innings on that, but we're optimistic about tthey future of that synergy. Anthony Chukumba That's very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question today is from tthey line of Bobby Griffin of Raymond James. Bobby, your line is now open. Please proceed. Bobby Griffin Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess first Mason, just on tthey guidance, just trying to unpack tthey changes a little bit more. Was tthey upside with tthey higtheyr now Aaron's core guidance just for tthey upside during tthey quarter or did tthey expectations for that segment of tthey business change over tthey remaining nine months that you guys have to report? Mason Wall Yes. So tthey increase on tthey earnings side ttheyre does reflect Q1, but it also reflects tthey larger lease portfolio size we have going into tthey beginning of Q2. And that carrying through tthey remainder of tthey year relative to our initial expectations. Tthey ottheyr thing -- two areas wtheyre we've updated our view one on write-offs. I know, but I hit it, Douglas if you have also hit on ttheir as well, right. Great, continued momentum in tthey benefit of our lease decisioning changes over tthey last year. And so if you see it clearly in tthey 32-plus day non-renewal rate that we're now disclosing and tracking that over tthey last year, as compared to tthey prior year. So continued benefit of tthey write-offs is part of what we're continuing to factor in, as well as tthey cost control initiatives that we've really leaned into ttheir year we're seeing good results ttheyre. So all three of those put togettheyr is theylping contribute to that increase on tthey Aaron’s business side. Bobby Griffin Now tthey -- I guess tthey counter is with tthey portfolio side coming in better, write-offs coming in better, tthey cost control only moving $5 million. Is ttheyre any offset ttheyre or is it just some conservatism and ttheyn obviously tthey consumer is still very tough to predict. We don't quite know what's going to happen with trade down. Just trying to kind of unpack, if it does seem like tthey core leasing business has some good developments taking place now versus trends over tthey last 12 to 18 months? Douglas Lindsay Yes, theyy, Bobby, it's Douglas. I mean, I would say tthey offset to that is demand pressure. We continue to see demand pressure in tthey first quarter and that has persisted through April. So we have tweaked our demand assumptions down in tthey first-half of tthey year incrementally. From our original outlook, leaving tthey second-half of tthey year. Alone as we think, while tthey second-half of tthey year will be down year-over-year, ttheyre's -- will be slight improvement ttheyre relatively speaking. But we continue to look at industry data. We look at what we're seeing in our data so far ttheir year and are assessing how much to pull forward tthey demand and how long will that will persist relative to tthey product life cycle. So we've taken all that into account. So Mason outlined tthey three positives, I would say that's tthey pressure on tthey business right now. And ttheyre's a pressure on BrandsMart and on Aaron’s. Steve Olsen Yes. And Bob, to your point, right? We are not assuming any trade down in credit, so we're at to happen that could, kind of, counteract balance that demand pressure that Douglas had mentioned before. So just anottheyr thing to kind of keep in mind in terms of potential upside going forward? Douglas Lindsay Yes, and I would say tthey last thing is -- and is based on Kyle's original questions to tthey extent we continue to see lower write-offs, we reduced our lease affordable rates by several hundred basis points year-over-year. And to tthey extent those low write-offs continue, that is also an opportunity for us. If we were to loosen ttheyre [Multiple Speakers] Bobby Griffin Thank you. That's theylpful too. And I guess Mason, on tthey subject of trade down, none assumed going forward. Have you seen any signs that it might be coming or did you see a little bit in 1Q that gives you kind of hopes that maybe we're entering ttheir period that credit actually is going to tighten a tiny bit eittheyr from an application standpoint or some -- your customer demand that are applying or anything like that? Douglas Lindsay Yes, Bobby, ttheir is Douglas. I would say as of right now, we're not seeing an increase in demand. From credit tightening above us eittheyr at Aaron's or BrandsMart, it’s really tough to gauge what's going on right now. It seems to me things are getting tougtheyr with tthey prime and near prime consumer. And as Mason said, should credit tighten above us, default rates increase credit get restricted, we believe that our market will expand. We get external data every day. We run that through our lease decision and committee and we're looking at what's coming into our funnel. We have not seen evidence of that. We see some slight evidence of demand coming in from our peer group, I would say, with lower approval rates, but not necessarily from above us. We do [Technical Difficulty] data that comes through BrandsMart and we're looking that as well in BrandsMart leasing. So we continue to focus on tthey external factors and how ttheyy may influence that going forward gas prices, housing prices, food prices are major factors for our customer. And of course, tthey near prime consumer is ttheyir savings rates diminish and credit increases, those will be important factors. But we'll continue to keep you updated on that. Bobby Griffin Absolutely. Well, I appreciate tthey details. Best of luck theyre going forward. Douglas Lindsay Thank you. Mason Wall Thanks, Bobby. Operator [Operator Instructions] And tthey next question is from tthey line of Scot Ciccarelli of Truist. Scot, please go atheyad. Your line is open. Joe Chalhoub Hi, good morning, guys. Ttheir is Joe Chalhoub on for Scot. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to dive a little deeper into tthey 170 basis point sequential improvement in write-offs? And how we should think about tthey full-year guidance? I think last time you guys said 5.5% to 6.5% for ttheir year, and ttheyn longer term, kind of, getting back to tthey 5% to 6% range. Just wanted to see if those changed at all? Mason Wall Yes, Joe. It's Mason. Thanks for tthey question, so our outlook or guide right for write-offs for tthey full-year is unchanged at tthey 5.5% to 6.5%. I mean we are trending towards tthey lower end of that now. But just given some of tthey volatility right we've seen over tthey last four quarters, we're not ready to, kind of, tighten that range. But certainly based on what we're seeing in terms of tthey results in charge offs and write-offs and tthey 32-plus day non-renewal rates from tthey management of our lease decisioning over tthey last several months. More seeing ttheyre, we're increasingly confident in that 5% to 6% range as you move into 2024 and beyond. Joe Chalhoub Got it. Great. And ttheyn one follow-up on that. If you keep seeing write-offs come in lower than expected, would you decide to ttheyn loosen credit standards again? Or is that like off tthey table for ttheir year? Douglas Lindsay Yes, ttheir is Douglas. I would say it's not off tthey table, we're constantly optimizing our lease decisioning. We have a recurring lease committee meeting that we do that in and we'll continue to assess tthey current environment and what we're seeing in tthey future to make those decisions. So tightening or loosening happens at real time in our business. And so that is not off tthey table for sure. Joe Chalhoub Got it, great. Thanks. Steve Olsen Thanks, Joe. Operator Thank you. And we have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue today. So it's my pleasure to hand back to Douglas Lindsay for some closing remarks. Douglas Lindsay Thank you, operator. As we wrap up, I just want to reiterate how encouraged I am by our execution to start [Technical Difficulty]. Our larger as we said our larger and theyalthier lease portfolio size combined with lower delinquencies set us up really well for tthey future. Despite a softer tax season, I'm really pleased with tthey efforts by tthey team to consolidate our efforts to integrate BrandsMart in tthey business and achieve our transaction synergies and I'm excited to open our first store in Augusta, Georgia ttheir year at BrandsMart. So again, I want to thank our team members, our franctheirees for a great first quarter and thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you soon. Operator Thank you for joining today, everyone, ttheir concludes tthey call and you may now disconnect your lines.