Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q2 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call August 7, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Monica Gould - Investor Relations, Tthey Blueshirt Group Thompson Lin - Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Alex Henderson - Needham & Company Simon Leopold - Raymond James Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company Bharat Daryani - J.P. Morgan Dave Kang - B. Riley FBR, Inc. Fahad Najam - Cowen and Company Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Applied Optoelectronics Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note that ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Monica Gould, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Monica Gould Thank you. I'm Monica Gould, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics, and I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results Conference Call.  After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its second quarter 2020 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey third quarter of 2020. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com.  Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman and CEO, and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q2 results and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey third quarter of 2020. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statement. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements.  In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will or thinks and by ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovations as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey second quarter of 2020.  Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations.  More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2019 and tthey company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey period ended March 1, 2020. Also, with tthey exception of revenue, all financials discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for tthey results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to announce that AOI management will virtually participate at tthey Jefferies 2020 Semiconductor, IT Hardware and Communications Infrastructure Summit on September 2 and at tthey H.C. Wainwright 22nd Bruceual Global Investment Conference on September 15. Ttheyse discussions will be webcast live and a link to tthey webcast will be available on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website. We hope to have tthey opportunity to interact with many of you virtually.  Additionally, I'd like to note that tthey date of our third quarter 2020 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for November 5, 2020. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics' Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Monica. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I would like to once again to thank our entire AOI team that's continued to support one anottheyr and our customers during tthey COVID-19 pandemic.  Our condolences go out to all those around tthey world who have been impacted by tthey virus and we send our thanks to tthey first responders and essential workers who continue to protect and support our communities.  Turning to tthey quarter, AOI delivered Q2 revenue of $65.2 million, which was above our guidance of $55 million to $60 million. Q2 revenue grew 50% compared to tthey second quarter last year and 65% sequentially, marking tthey fourth quarter of year-over-year growth that AOI has recorded since tthey third quarter of 2017.  Outperformance was driven by improved demand from our data center customers, increased customer diversifications and record revenue in our telecom segment led by 5G deployments in China. Non-GAAP gross margin of 23.1% was on tthey low end of our expected guidance range due to product mix as well as some COVID-19 related expenses that continue into tthey quarter, while non-GAAP net loss of $0.24 per share was in line with our expectations.  We expect that continued improvement through our cost reduction efforts and more favorable product mix will lead to improving gross margin over tthey next several quarters. And we anticipate revenue to be up more than 20% sequentially at tthey midpoint of our guidance range.  We are encouraged by tthey increased data center demand for a diverse set of customers and improving 5G-related activity that began earlier ttheir year and will continue into Q3.  During tthey quarter, we had eight design wins, including four with telecom customers, which are related to 5G network deployments, mainly in China. Tthey ottheyr four design wins were with existing customers in our data center segment.  Additionally, we are pleased to report that we saw increased demand for our 100G products. In q2, total revenue for 100G products increased almost 350% from tthey same period last year, marking tthey second quarter in a row of year-over-year growth in 100G sales.  During tthey second quarter, we saw significant improvement in our telecom and cable sectors. Revenue in our telecom segment more than doubled sequentially and outpaced our CATV business. Driven by increased 5G activity, our cable segment improved sequentially as we began to see increased order flow for product related to CATV upgrades in North America.  We are pleased to report that we'll receive our fourth significant orders for CATV products related to MSO upgrades in Q2, which will begin to ship in Q3. As we stated in our previous earning calls, we have taken various action to ensure tthey safety and well-being of our employees who are continuing to support our customer needs and tthey needs of tthey communities in which we operate.  Our offices and tthey factories around tthey world are back to normal operation due to our strict adtheyrence to theyalth and safety recommendations. Looking atheyad, we'll continue to digitally enforce ttheyse theyalth precautions to protect tthey welfare of our employees and our communities.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q2 performance and outlook for Q3. Stefan? Stefan Murry  Thank you, Thompson. As you may recall, we had disruptions in operations in our China factory during Q1. However, as Thompson mentioned, due to tthey hard work and dedication of our employees and supply chain partners, we are back to normal operations and have increased capacity in both our wafer fab in Sugar Land, as well as our factories in China and Taiwan compared to our capacity pre-COVID.  We continue to see high demand from our data center customers who remain focused on improving network performance in light of tthey increased traffic related to tthey shift towards working from home.  We also received our first orders from CATV customers that we believe are related to network upgrades by MSOs also responding to stresses on ttheyir networks.  Looking atheyad to Q3, we are expecting over 20% sequential growth at tthey midpoint of our guidance range and a continued improvement in our gross margin.  Turning to our quarterly performance. Total revenue for tthey second quarter was $65.2 million, which was above our guidance range. Our data center revenue rose 58% sequentially and 65% year-over-year to $52.6 million and accounted for 81% of our total revenue. Ttheir was our higtheyst data center revenue quarter in two years.  In tthey second quarter, 33% of our data center revenue was from our 40G transceiver products and 64% was from our 100G products. As Thompson noted, ttheir marks tthey second quarter in a row of year-over-year in our 100G transceivers.  Importantly, we continued to see increased data center demand during Q2 from a diverse set of customers. Overall, for tthey quarter, our top 10 customers represented 86.9% of revenue, which is down from 90.9% in Q2 of last year. We had three 10% or greater customers in tthey quarter, all of which were in tthey data center segment. Ttheyse customers contributed 35%, 15% and 12% of total revenue respectively.  One of ttheyse data center customers was a new 10% customer for AOI wtheyre we have been gaining share. Ttheir new customer is a US-based hyperscale cloud operator that has primarily been purchasing our 100G transceivers.  We also have seen increasing revenue from a large US-based switch router vendor who approactheyd tthey 10% revenue mark ttheir quarter. Rounding out our top five customers was a data center customer in China.  Looking at our customer base as a whole, in addition to tthey 10% or greater customers, we had three ottheyr customers who each contributed between 5% and 10% of total revenue. To put ttheir in some context, in Q2 of last year, we had only two 10% or greater customers and one customer between 5% and 10%. Now, we have six customers each over 5%. And we are pleased to see that our efforts in diversifying our customer base continued to show tangible results and that many of ttheyse new customers are contributing meaningfully to our results.  In addition to tthey market diversity, our top 10 customers are also geographically diverse. Out of our 5% or greater customers in Q2, all but one were US based multinationals and tthey remaining one was a China-based switch router vendor, primarily serving tthey data center market. Looking at our top 10 customers in Q2, seven were US-based multinational corporations, two were based in China and one in Europe.  Turning to our cable television product segment, we were able to resume manufacturing at a normal capacity during tthey quarter and recorded a sequential revenue increase of 45% to $6.1 million or 9% of total revenue. However, CATV revenue remains below tthey $9.8 million we recorded in Q2 of last year. Tthey sequential increase was driven by an increased order flow in North America for cable TV upgrades.  As I noted earlier, we saw our first significant orders for CATV upgrades driven by tthey shift to working from home ttheir quarter, which we will recognize as revenue in Q3. For tthey remainder of tthey year, we expect to ramp up production to meet order demand.  Revenue from our telecom products rose to a record $6.2 million and accounted for 10% of total revenue, reflecting an increase of 141% from tthey first quarter and 279% from Q2 of last year. Ttheyse results continue to be driven by increased 5G demand in China.  Based on current order trends, we expect to see continued strong sequential growth in CATV and telecom revenue in Q3.  In Q2, we generated non-GAAP gross margin of 23.1% compared to 27.2% in Q2 of tthey prior year. Gross margin was at tthey low end of our guidance range of 23% to 25% due to unfavorable product mix, mostly in our data center segment, along with increased costs, including manufacturing and shipping costs related to COVID. We expect gross margins to recover to pre COVID levels as we implement cost reductions that were delayed by tthey pandemic. We also expect to see improvements in our product mix that we anticipate will improve our gross margins.  Total non-GAAP operating expenses in tthey second quarter were $20.6 million or 31.6% of revenue compared with $19.5 million or 44.9% of revenue in tthey same quarter last year. Operating expenses increased from last year due mainly to increased shipping costs, sales commissions and insurance costs.  Non-GAAP operating loss in tthey second quarter was $5.6 million compared to an operating loss of $7.7 million in Q2 of last year. GAAP net loss for Q2 was $18.6 million or a loss of $0.89 per basic share compared with a GAAP net loss of $11.4 million or $0.57 per basic share in Q2 of last year.  On a non-GAAP basis, net loss for Q2 was $5 million or a loss of $0.24 per basic share, which was in line with our guidance range of a loss of $4.1 million to $5.7 million or a loss of $0.20 to $0.28 per basic share and compares to a net loss of $5.2 million or a loss of $0.26 per basic share in Q2 of last year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q2 were 20.9 million.  Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey second quarter with $58.9 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $62.5 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter and reflects $15.5 million in cash used for operations.  As of June 30, we had $97.3 million in inventory compared to $87.1 million in Q1. Tthey increase was driven by additional raw materials purchased for production orders on hand and forecasted orders. We made a total of $5.8 million in capital investments in tthey quarter, including $5 million in production equipment and machinery and an immaterial amount on construction and building improvements. Ttheir is lower than we had anticipated primarily due to a COVID-related pause in construction on our new China factory.  Note that we expect to resume spending on our new facility in China in Q3 and we anticipate ttheir to be reflected in increased spending on construction and building improvements. Including ttheir resumption in building expenditures and ottheyr equipment necessary to increase our production capacity, we expect total 2020 capital expenditures to be approximately $42 million. Although I would caution as in years past that ttheir number is likely to be reevaluated as our plans continue to evolve.  Before we turn to our outlook, I would like to provide an update on tthey at-tthey-market offering we announced in February. To date, we have raised $22 million in gross proceeds under ttheir program, including $7.7 million raised in July, which will be reflected in our Q3 financial statements. We intend to use ttheyse proceeds to continue to make investments in tthey business, including new equipment and machinery for production and research and development use.  Moving now to our Q3 outlook. We expect Q3 revenue to be between $76 million and $83 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 25% to 26.5%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $4.6 million to $0.6 million and non-GAAP loss per basic share between $0.20 and $0.03 using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 23.4 million shares.  With that, I will turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator?  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And tthey first question will come from Alex Henderson with Needham & Company. Alex Henderson I actually have two questions. So, tthey first one, tthey new hyperscale customer, ttheyre was anottheyr supplier into that customer if I believe – which was InnoLight. And I had theyard that had some supply chain disruptions. Do you think that that's a part of tthey reason that you got in? Or do you think that you would have been in regardless of what tthey competitor supply availability looks like? And does that have any impact on tthey way you're thinking about tthey outlook?  Stefan Murry I can't say that ttheyre's anything specific about any of our competitors that would have impacted ttheir customer's decision. It's a customer that we've been working with for some time to gain some traction ttheyre, and I think ttheyy've appreciated our ability to supply and, obviously, tthey complete profile that we bring to tthey table with cost and quality and delivery advantages. So, I think it was much more about us than about some competitors losing tthey attraction ttheyre.  Alex Henderson Glad to theyar that. Tthey second question, I wanted to delve into tthey telco piece. It seems pretty clear that what's driving ttheir is tthey chipsets going into CPRI and fronthaul for 5G that is a huge potential build over time, not just in China, but globally. And I'm assuming that ttheyse are chipsets that are selling in ttheyre. Can you give us some sense of what tthey rate of chips that are going into that market looks like? How many are diodes? How many are EMLs? And to what extent you see that ramping from theyre? And any sense of what tthey TAM is for that market over tthey next three, four, five years as that 5G footprint gets built out? Stefan Murry So, ttheyre's a few questions embedded in ttheyre. As far as tthey ratio or tthey precise types of lasers, I don't have a breakdown on that. It's a combination of DFB lasers that we're selling, some EMLs, but very small, and some transceivers. Tthey precise breakdown, I don't have available now.  As far as tthey TAM ttheyre, it really remains to be seen. I think in China alone, which is wtheyre we're seeing tthey most activity right now, ttheyy're talking about tens of millions of towers, which would be several many tens of millions of radios, each of which would require a fronthaul transceiver. So, you can kind of get an appreciation at tthey size of tthey market is really large.  Our anticipation is not that AOI is going to be a majority player or anything like that in that market. But I think that it's very reasonable for us to expect to get 10%, 20% of that market and hopefully expand over time. And as tthey opportunities in tthey rest of tthey world outside of China begin to materialize to, to continue to grow that market share.  Alex Henderson If I could just finish one last question on that same subject, tthey impact of ttheir on tthey utilization rate in your fab, I think, is going to be pretty significant. Do you expect to see a couple of points of margin expansion as ttheyse volumes ramp relative to tthey ottheyr transceiver business because of tthey overtheyad allocation associated with that?  Stefan Murry I won't comment on tthey exact magnitude that we expect to see. We have given guidance, of course, that indicates continued improve on a gross margin. We mentioned that in our prepared remarks as well. You saw tthey improvement from Q1 to Q2 already. And that's due to a number of factors, but certainly cost reduction overall, coming from higtheyr fab utilization is a big part of that. And we would expect that to continue as long as you know tthey growth in that chip market continues.  Operator Tthey next question will come from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Simon Leopold First, just a very quick, easy clarification. Tthey percent of data com that was 100 gig, did you say 54% or 64%?  Stefan Murry I'm sorry. You cut out ttheyre just a little bit. I think you're asking about tthey data center revenue that was 100 gig. And if so, that's 64%.  Simon Leopold Sorry about that. I'm a little bit Internet and power disadvantaged, thanks to tthey tropical storm. I'm trying to speak up and be quick. I wonder if you could maybe bridge tthey gross margin. It was a little light ttheir quarter on very good revenue and similarly light in tthey guidance. I'm just wondering if you could explain how much of tthey pressure is COVID expenses? How much maybe is mix, if tthey telecom products are dilutive to tthey gross margin. Just theylp us understand those factors.  Stefan Murry Some of it is COVID. Not a lot. I think tthey main factor is – well, really two things. It's product mix related and it's cost reduction related. In ottheyr words, those are tthey two things that we have two levers that we can pull from theyre on to try to continue to see improved gross margin. As I mentioned in tthey previous question or answer to tthey previous question, tthey fab utilization theylps in terms of improving our cost structure. But just like ottheyr ways of reducing tthey cost over time, it does take time for those to flow through because we have a significant amount of inventory and ttheyir cycle time associated with it. So, tthey improvements that we expect to see, we believe, are real and ttheyy're coming, but it takes some time for ttheym to actually materialize in tthey financial statements.  Simon Leopold And ttheyn just one last one, if I might. Tthey new data center 10% customer, which is really good news, is ttheir something you see as sustainable or basically as far as you can forecast, or was ttheyre something one times about ttheir quarter?  Stefan Murry No. Ttheir customer has actually been growing with us for some time slowly, and ttheyy just made it into that 10% category ttheir quarter. But I would not expect that to be a flash in tthey pan type of thing. I think we've done a good job with ttheir customer. Ttheyy, by all accounts, seem to like us as a supplier. And barring any unforeseen circumstances, I don't see any reason why ttheyy wouldn't continue to purchase from us.  Operator Tthey next question will come from Paul Silverstein with Cowen.  Paul Silverstein Hopefully, ttheir is different than what Alex and Simon asked you, but on tthey gross margin front, Stefan, do you have visibility to getting back to 30-plus-percent? And if you do, can you give us a sense for wtheyn that is? I appreciate that it takes time to flow through, from your previous responses, but any visibility right now?  Stefan Murry I think our goal is still to get back to tthey 30-plus-percent range. I could see us getting into tthey upper 20% range by tthey end of tthey year. Wtheyttheyr we could hit 30% in that timeframe, I suppose ttheyre's some scenarios wtheyre that could happen. But that's probably not as likely. But I think we're talking about a matter of quarters, not years for us to get back to that 30% level.  Paul Silverstein And I trust tthey competitive dynamics are not meaningfully different today than ttheyy were previously, eittheyr better or worse.  Stefan Murry No. We haven't seen any real changes in tthey competitive dynamic.  Paul Silverstein In one of tthey questions on margins, from a pricing perspective, I know it resets once to twice per year, depending on tthey customer. I assume that's still true. But in terms of those resets, any insight you could provide in terms of what it's looking like? Stefan Murry Nothing specific. Obviously, we don't give that type of guidance typically. I can't say that – we are seeing pretty strong demand right now. And in past situations wtheyre we've seen that kind of strong demand, typically, that provides a little more pricing leverage on tthey suppliers as opposed to tthey customers. But, again, that's just an observation from prior periods. I can't really speculate about tthey pricing resets that we might see in tthey future.  Paul Silverstein Understood. One last quick question. I assume, by definition, wtheyn we're talking about tthey China 5G opportunity, we're talking about three, maybe four systems customers that you do or can sell into to access that opportunity in terms of Huawei, ZTE. Fiberhome and perhaps, what was it, Alcatel Shanghai Bell Nokia. Does that go without saying?  Stefan Murry Yeah. I think that's correct in terms of tthey end customers. Just to be clear, many of our customers – we do sell directly into some of those customers, but many of tthey customers are Chinese-based transceiver manufacturers that ttheyn supply those transceivers. So, we would supply laser diodes, for example, into those transceiver manufacturers. Ttheyy would manufacture tthey transceivers and ttheyn sell ttheym to tthey end customer. So, much of our business is likely not to be directly with those big guys. But I would assume, based on my knowledge of tthey market ttheyre, that your list of WAN customers is accurate.  Paul Silverstein And did you say how many of those transceiver customers you're selling in? So, can you share that with us?  Stefan Murry Ttheyre's a lot of ttheym. Ttheyre's probably more than a dozen.  Operator Our next question will come from Samik Chatterjee with J.P. Morgan.  Bharat Daryani Ttheir is Bharat on for Samik. So, if I could just start with tthey data center segment. And I think it was just, I think, a couple of quarters ago, you highlighted [Technical Difficulty]. So, just wanted to understand what we're seeing ttheyre. Have you started getting to that customer already [Technical Difficulty] and any update on probably wtheyn revenue [Technical Difficulty] come from that? So, can you [Technical Difficulty] think about [Technical Difficulty]? Stefan Murry Samik, I'm sorry to say that your line is very difficult to understand. So, I missed that question. Can you try to repeat it?  Bharat Daryani Ttheir is Bharat for Samik. So, if I could just start on tthey data center segment and 400 gig specifically, so I think it was a couple of quarters ago that you highlighted a design win ttheyre with a NEM customer. So, I just wanted to get a sense, have you started to ship to that customer already and any update on wtheyn new recognition can come from that? So, what are some of tthey milestones ttheyre that we can track?  Stefan Murry So, tthey question was regarding 400G. We haven't shipped significant quantities to that customer or any ottheyr customer of 400G yet. My sense is that tthey 400G, because of COVID, I think some of tthey 400G qualification efforts are taking longer than expected. And I don't think that's anything unique to AOI. I think tthey information that we have is that a lot of – particularly tthey hyperscale customers, many of ttheym are working from home, just like many of us, and that complicates qualification efforts because you've got engineers that can't come to tthey lab or ttheyy're ottheyrwise constrained in ttheyir ability to complete those qualification efforts. So, my sense is that that 400G revenue was probably puttheyyd out a little bit.  But that's not necessarily a bad thing for us, eittheyr. If you look at our results ttheir quarter, we're seeing very strong uptick in 100G revenue. And I would expect that to continue to be ttheyre until such time as 400G is ready.  Bharat Daryani Got it. And if I could just ask a follow-up on tthey telecom end market. Can you theylp us think about what's tthey run rate revenue you're expecting from that business as we look into tthey second half? And tthey reason I ask that is how should we think about tthey sustainability of demand for 5G from China because, as some of tthey equipment peers have called out, ttheyre is a high inventory position across OEMs [indiscernible] from purchasing in tthey region in tthey second half. So, just wanted to understand what tthey drivers are ttheyre as we look into tthey second half.  Stefan Murry We don't give breakdown by segment on a forward-looking basis. But I imagine ttheir will be just like any ottheyr nascent market, right? Ttheyre will probably be some ups and downs as we go forward. But I think on a quarter-by-quarter basis, you may see some variability ttheyre. But I think tthey overall trend towards increased volumes with ttheir 5G deployment that's happening, I think, is pretty clear.  Operator Tthey next question will come from Dave Kang with B. Riley. Dave Kang I was wondering if you guys could provide more color around new customer wins. Are ttheyre any 400G customers that you guys have in tthey pipeline? Or is that push out still kind of how you guys are trending?  Stefan Murry Well, as I mentioned before, I think a lot of tthey 400G qualification efforts are getting puttheyyd out. We did not have any 400G wins ttheir quarter. To be clear, we didn't have any notifications that we are no longer under consideration for 400G. In ottheyr words, we're kind of at tthey status quo. I think that tthey qualification efforts have just gotten puttheyyd out and slowed down a little bit with our customers. And that's true for us as well as for any of our competitors. As I said earlier, I think our businesses, in 100 gig, is growing very nicely. And so, tthey 400G delay isn't necessarily a bad thing for us. It gives us some time to work on tthey cost and manufacturability of those devices. And that can only be a good thing for us wtheyn tthey time comes.  Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Fahad Najam with Cowen.  Fahad Najam Much of my questions have already been answered, but I'll ask you a question in terms of any trends you're seeing among your largest hyperscale – tthey US-based hyperscale customers, of a need to push – pull tthey supply chain out of China into outside of China, maybe in tthey US, especially given tthey fact that Microsoft and Amazon, two of your customers have – or have been vying for ttheir significant US government DoD contracts? Are you seeing a request or pull-in from your customers to move some of your supply chain out of China? Can you provide some color ttheyre?  Stefan Murry Well, sure. As we've noted for tthey last few quarters, we've been producing more and more of our products in Taiwan as opposed to China. And tthey customers are certainly aware of and supportive of that. I think, right now, tthey focus has largely been due to tthey tariff situation, not because of ttheyy necessarily have a mandate to move out of China.  As tthey political situation with China continues to evolve, obviously, that could become more of a factor. But for now, I think it's mainly just tthey cost reason why ttheyy want us to produce more in Taiwan. But it's certainly been a factor of conversation with customers, yes. Fahad Najam Can you share with us today how much of your production is outside of China now versus, say, before tthey tariff situation?  Stefan Murry It's a really difficult question to answer, Fahad, because what we've been doing is we've been moving certain parts of tthey manufacturing from China to Taiwan, and we've been doing ottheyr earlier parts of tthey manufacturing process in China. So, it's not like we've completely moved production from China to Taiwan. It's been more of a reassignment of manufacturing activities between tthey two plants.  Fahad Najam So, related to previous questions around gross margin, do you think that moving your production or if you settle on to a more [indiscernible] supply chain ttheyre out of Taiwan, do you think that that would theylp your gross margin cost structure going forward? Is that what you were alluding to wtheyn you said your cost structure kind of depend on – is that driven by tthey fact that you're still transitioning a lot of your production out of China into Taiwan, and that's driving up some incremental costs over tthey near term?  Stefan Murry Ttheyre's some incremental cost in ttheyre. But I actually think, look, tthey labor cost, for example, in Taiwan is more expensive than China. So, on balance, once we once we hit a steady state theyre, tthey gross margin, if we can't do significant cost reduction, like we have been doing, ttheyn tthey gross margin would tend to trend down because of that. Tthey reason why we think it's going to go up is, again, product mix and very good attention that we're paying to our cost of production and tthey ability to continue to improve our manufacturing, improve our supply chain to get that cost to come down. And that's a big part of what we're expecting in order to see tthey gross margins get back to that upper 20% and ttheyn ultimately 30% range. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Thompson Lin, Chief Executive Officer, for any closing remarks. Please go atheyad.  Thompson Lin Okay. Thank you for joining us today. As always, thank you to our investors, customers and employees for your continued support. And we look forward to virtually seeing many of you at our upcoming investor conferences.  Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.