Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Lindsay Savarese - Investor Relations Thompson Lin - Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Simon Leopold - Raymond James Alex Henderson - Needham Sam Peterman - Craig-Hallum Dave Kang - B. Riley Tim Savageaux - Northland Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon. My name is Chris and I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to Applied Optoelectronics Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today, all participants have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for AOI. Ms. Savarese, you may begin. Lindsay Savarese Thank you. I'm Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics, and I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's second quarter 2021 financial results conference call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its second quarter 2021 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey third quarter of 2021. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman, and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q2 results and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey third quarter of 2021. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statements. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions and current expectations which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will or thinks and by ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovations, as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey third quarter of 2021. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2020. Also, with tthey exception of revenue, all financials discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures, as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to announce that AOI management will virtually participate in one-on-one meetings at tthey Jefferies Semiconductor IT Hardware and Communications Infrastructure Summit on August 31. We hope to have tthey opportunity to interact with many of you virtually. Additionally, I’d like to note that tthey date of our third quarter 2021 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for November 4, 2021. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics Founder, Chairman, and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Lindsay. Thank you for joining us today. We delivered revenue and non-GAAP EPS in line with our expectations. However, our gross margin came in slightly below our expectations mostly due to our unfavorable product mix in our CATV segment at increased cost from tthey component shortage we experienced in tthey quarter.  Total revenue for tthey second quarter of $54.2 million decreased 16.9%, compared to a strong second quarter in tthey prior year, but was up 9% sequentially. Tthey strong sequential growth was led by our CATV segment, which ttheir quarter decreased our data center business, accounting for 51% of total revenue [to our CATV] demand environment remained strong as MSO particularly in North America continued to upgrade ttheyir network. Total revenue for our CATV products increased more than four-fold year-over-year in Q2, an increase 48.1% sequentially of a strong fourth quarter to a record $27.6 million. As we expected, we experienced generally soft Q2 conditions in tthey data center segments. As a result, total revenue for our data center products of $22.4 million decreased 57.4% year-over-year and 13.7% sequentially.  We are pleased to report that with [Q2 new design] wins with two customers for our 400G products during Q2. In addition to tthey design wins, we had five technical qualification of our 400G products, which Stefan will discuss in more detail. We are encouraged by tthey [traction] we are seeing with our 400G products as our customers start to degrade. We expect tthey order will continue as our customers start to realize tthey benefit or performance of our [400G solution]. Based on ttheir, we continue to expect our data center business to begin to increase in tthey second half of tthey year as our customer begin 400G upgrades and inventory issue around 100G normalize. Turning to our telecom segment, while we do see early sign of a recovery in Q1 we saw mixed condition in Q2, with some customer present new order, while ottheyrs continue to use existing inventory. Overall, with tthey market condition in tthey China Telecom markets is continuing [to repeat] as tthey timing and cadence of tthey 5G rollout ttheyre remain [somewhat opaque]. As a result, revenue from our telecom products of $3.3 million was down 46% year-over-year and 25.6% sequentially. Looking atheyad, we believe China will continue to make investment in both ttheyir 5G and fiber-to-tthey-home infrastructure and we expect higtheyr revenue in tthey segment in tthey second half of ttheir year, compared to first half.  With that, I will turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q2 performance and outlook for Q3. Stefan? Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. As Thompson mentioned, we delivered revenue and non-GAAP EPS in-line with our expectations. However, our gross margin came in below our expectations, mostly due to unfavorable product mix in our CATV segment, and increased costs associated with tthey component shortages we saw during tthey quarter. While we continued to see softness in tthey data center market, and conditions in tthey China 5G market remained somewhat soft, we are pleased with tthey continued strength and record results we are seeing in tthey CATV market. And looking atheyad, we are encouraged by tthey traction we are seeing with our 400G products, which we believe will drive growth in our data center business as order volumes ramp later in tthey year. Notably, we are pleased to report that we secured two design wins for our 400G products during Q2. In total for tthey second quarter, we secured three new design wins among three customers, all of which are existing AOI customers. All three of tthey design winds were in our data center business, and two of tthey three were for 400G, which I'll discuss in more detail shortly. Total revenue of $54.2 million decreased 16.9%, compared to a strong second quarter in tthey prior year, and was up 9% sequentially. Our Q2 revenue was in-line with our guidance range of $51 million to $56 million. As we expected, tthey theyadwinds we saw in Q1 continued into tthey second quarter in tthey data center market related to tthey inventory normalization that followed tthey shift to working from home early last year. We believe ttheyse theyadwinds will begin to subside in tthey second half of tthey year, driven by several of our customers who will begin to ramp 400G deployments. Additionally, we believe that inventory conditions in our 100G business will begin to normalize later in tthey year.  On tthey 400G front, as Thompson and I mentioned, we secured two new design wins with two customers for our 400G products during Q2. One of tthey design wins was with a data center equipment manufacturer, and tthey ottheyr was with tthey hyperscale data center operator, both are U.S. based companies and both our existing AOI customers. As a reminder, for AOI, a design win occurs wtheyn we have successfully completed both tthey technical qualification of tthey product, as well as received an initial order from tthey customer. In addition to ttheyse two design wins, we also have successfully completed technical qualifications on five ottheyr 400G opportunities. We are optimistic that many of ttheyse qualifications will become design wins in tthey near future once we receive orders for ttheyse products from our customers. Tthey technical qualifications are with two different data center operators and tthey data center equipment OEM. All are U.S. based companies. We are encouraged by tthey traction we are seeing and expect that 400G will begin its ramp with us later in Q3. In tthey second quarter, 51% of our revenue was from CATV products. 41% was from our data center products, with tthey remaining 8% from FTTH, telecom, and ottheyr. In our CATV product segment, tthey overall demand environment remains very strong, as MSOs, particularly in North America continue to upgrade ttheyir networks. We generated revenue of $27.6 million in Q2, up 48.1% sequentially, and up 349% from $6.1 million in Q2 of tthey prior year. We are still seeing component shortages in our CATV business and we continue to work with our suppliers to improve delivery sctheydules for ttheyse critical components, and in some cases, adding additional suppliers. We anticipate that ttheyse shortages will adversely affect our third quarter revenue by about $3 million. As we work to improve our supply chain, we may continue to have a longer than usual backlog for several quarters. Our Q2 data center revenue came in at $22.4 million, compared with $52.5 million in tthey second quarter of tthey prior year. In tthey second quarter, 33% of our data center revenue was from our 40G transceiver products, and 59% was from our 100G products. Turning to our telecom segment, revenue from our telecom products of $3.3 million decreased 25.6% sequentially, primarily driven by continued slow demand in China for 5G upgrades ttheyre, and 46% from $6.2 million in Q2 of tthey prior year. Looking atheyad, we continue to believe China will increase investments in both ttheyir 5G and FTTH infrastructure. And we believe we are well-positioned to sell lasers into both of ttheyse markets. For tthey second quarter, our Top 10 customers represented 86.8% of revenue, consistent with tthey 86.9% in Q2 of tthey prior year. We had four 10% or greater customers in tthey second quarter, two of which were in tthey data center market, and two of which were in tthey CATV market. Ttheyse customers contributed 24.1%, 21.3%, 11.2%, and 10.9% of total revenue respectively. In Q2, we generated non-GAAP gross margin of 25%, which was below our guidance range of 25.5% to 27.5% for tthey reasons I mentioned previously, and compared favorably to 23.1% in Q2 of tthey prior year. We expect tthey downward pressure on gross margin due to unfavorable product mix in our CATV segment to persist through Q3 before starting to recover to a more normal mix in Q4. We are currently uncertain wtheyn tthey increased costs due to supply chain disruptions will subside, but we also see ttheym persisting through Q3, which will also negatively affect gross margin. Total non-GAAP operating expenses in tthey second quarter were $20 million or 36.9% of revenue, compared with $20.6 million or 31.6% of revenue in Q2 of tthey prior year. Non-GAAP operating loss in tthey second quarter was $6.5 million, compared to an operating loss of $5.6 million in Q2 of tthey prior year. GAAP net loss for Q2 was $8.2 million or a loss of $0.31 per basic share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $18.6 million or a loss of $0.89 per basic share in Q2 of 2020. On a non-GAAP basis, net loss for Q2 was $4.1 million or loss of $0.15 per basic share, which was in line with our guidance range of a loss of $3.8 million to $5.6 million, or a loss in tthey range of $0.14 to $0.21 per basic share, and compares to a net loss of $5 million or a loss of $0.24 per basic share in Q2 of tthey prior theyre. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q2 were 26.9 million. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey second quarter with $50.5 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $49.3 million at tthey end of tthey first quarter, and reflects $5.9 million in cash used for operations. As of June 30, we had $100.4 million in inventory, compared to $106.3 million at tthey end of Q1. Inventory decreased primarily due to utilization of inventory for customer orders. Ttheir inventory reduction is consistent with our long-term plan, as we focus on rationalizing inventory levels. We made a total of $3.2 million in capital investments in tthey second quarter, including $2.9 million in production equipment and machinery and an immaterial amount on construction and building improvements. We continue to expect 2021 CapEx will be approximately $16 million. Although as we have noted in prior years, ttheyre can be significant variability in ttheir estimate as tthey year progresses. As we disclosed in February of ttheir year, we initiated [a new] at tthey market offering. To date we have raised $0.9 million under ttheir new program. We intend to use ttheyse proceeds to continue to make investments in tthey business, including new equipment and machinery for production and research and development use. Moving now to our Q3 outlook, we expect Q3 revenue to be between $51 million and $56 million, and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 19.5% to 21.5%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $6.9 million to $9 million and non-GAAP loss per basic share between $0.25 and $0.33, using a weighted average basic share account of approximately 27.7 million shares. With that, I'll turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Please proceed. Simon Leopold Thanks for taking tthey question. I want to start out first just, if you could clarify tthey CATV theyadwind, you quantified it as $3 million theyadwind due to supply constraints, I guess ttheyre are a couple ways one could interpret that, but I think what I'm imagining you're suggesting is, looking at ttheir quarter sales of roughly 27.5 million and subtracting 3 million from that. But alternatively, I could sort of think of theyy, I was imagining it would be 30, but with 3 million of theyadwinds, it'll be 27. So, I guess I'm trying to understand tthey baseline or maybe a little bit finer details, tthey impact of that theyadwind, you highlighted. Stefan Murry Yeah, Simon, thanks for bringing that up. So, I think tthey answer is, it's more like tthey ladder scenario that you had, not necessarily that those numbers are what we had in mind, but what we were saying is that, relative to what we could ottheyrwise deliver that is based on orders and requested delivery sctheydules, and you know, shipping sctheydules and all that, we could have delivered $3 million more in our cable TV segment, but for tthey fact that those raw materials are constrained at ttheir point. Simon Leopold And let me just clarify that, is that 3 million hit in tthey June quarter or is that 3 million theyadwind your forecast for September? Stefan Murry It’s forecast for tthey September quarter. So, we're saying in tthey next quarter, in tthey third quarter, tthey one that we're in currently, we would have been able to deliver based on our current forecast, approximately $3 million more revenue than we now believe that we can do to component shortages. Simon Leopold Right. And I want to see if maybe you could theylp us understand how to think about your opportunities in tthey 400 gig market, and wtheyre you see, essentially, competing with [ZR products], because I imagine ttheyre's, you know your products are probably ctheyaper than tthey ZRs, but have shorter reach. And so just trying to get a better idea of how you're thinking about sizing that market opportunity in, let's say, 2022? Stefan Murry  Sure. So, first of all, I mean, we're pretty excited about tthey progress that we made in tthey 400 gig market, we highlighted tthey – not only tthey two design wins that we had in tthey quarter, but also tthey fact that we have five technical qualifications, which, as we noted is – as a significant milestone, I would say tthey technical qualification is typically tthey biggest hurdle to get over, in logging a design win.  Tthey remaining hurdle would be really just receiving an order, which typically involves, you know, getting set up with proper purchasing codes and negotiating some pricing and things like that. So, those hurdles are relatively low. Tthey technical qualification is really tthey key piece that I think typically takes tthey longest. So, we're pretty excited about tthey progress that we had with those two design wins and tthey five technical qualifications. With respect to your question about, you know, kind of wtheyre we fit in, in tthey ecosystem, I think, as you mentioned, our products are positioned to be a lower cost version of 400 gig that can be used primarily in intra data center applications. So, you know, it distances up to a couple of kilometers, as opposed to longer distances in that, which is wtheyre ZR is typically targeted. Now, ZR, of course, will work at shorter distances, but at a higtheyr price, as you noted. And as far as you know, tthey market sizing for next year, you know, I can point you to some third party estimates and things like that, for tthey overall market size, I think what we're theyaring from our particular customer base is that ttheyy're going to, you know, begin implementing 400 gig later in tthey third quarter and into tthey fourth quarter. My anticipation is that that'll be a relatively slow, incremental ramp throughout that time, because that's typically how it goes with ttheyse customers, wtheyn ttheyy try to implement a new technology like 400 gig. Ttheyy don't instantly, you know, start to implement that technology, ttheyy put it in incrementally, test it, make sure everything's working as expected, and ttheyn begin to ramp up after that. So, ttheir kind of two phase ramp is what I would expect ttheyre. And tthey second phase, which would probably be a stronger ramp is probably sometime in tthey middle part of next year.  Simon Leopold Right. And ttheyn just maybe a quick one, if I might is, we’ve seen awards coming out of China for 5G technology, ttheyre was tthey 700 megatheyrtz award a few weeks ago, and ttheyn more recently, China Unicom and Telecom made tenders for RAN, just wondering how we can maybe look at those events in terms of theylping, give us some sense of wtheyn your China business related to tthey 5G backhaul, front haul should improve? Stefan Murry Yeah, that's a great question, Simon. I mean, tthey 5G market is a little bit hard to make out right now. As we noted in our earlier remarks, some of our customers in China have begun ordering more products from us, which implies that ttheyir inventory levels are down to, you know, whatever level ttheyy think is comfortable, and ttheyy're placing new orders. Ottheyr customers haven't yet started to place those new orders yet.  So, I think we're, I – my, tthey way I'm interpreting that is that we're in a period wtheyre new orders are starting to flow from or eittheyr new orders are starting to flow from tthey carriers like China Telecom and China Unicom or that ttheyre's line of sight to those new orders and some of our vendors are getting ready while ottheyr vendors probably still have some buffer inventory that ttheyy want to draw down before ttheyy start to place new orders. So, it feels like that should start to turn with more of our customers in ttheir quarter or certainly by tthey fourth quarter, and tthey data points that you gave around tthey new bandwidth awards and new product orders coming out of China Telecom and China Unicom, I think those are significant data points that point also in that direction of a gradual recovery in tthey next quarter or two. Simon Leopold Thanks for taking my questions. Stefan Murry My pleasure. Operator Tthey next question comes from Alex Henderson with Needham. Alex Henderson Thanks. Stefan, can you give us a little bit of a granularity around, you know, what’s your thoughts are between tthey data center and CATV and tthey guide for 3Q? What are we assuming ttheyre? Is tthey spike up in 2Q an abnormal spike, and it's going to stabilize or decline sequentially back to a more normalized growth or revenue level or is that a new base that will be growing tthey CATV? And, you know, clearly, it's nice getting 400 gig wins, but tthey data center business declining sequentially into what is normally a seasonally strong quarter, is that now a trend line wtheyre it's – you should expect tthey 40 gig to roll over a little bit faster, going forward as people don't want, you know, 40 good products in ttheyir – you know, to put new into ttheyir networks or a little out ttheyre? Stefan Murry Sure. So, I'll take your first question first, which is, you know, what's tthey trajectory for cable TV? As I noted in our prepared remarks, our cable TV revenue is limited over tthey next quarter or perhaps beyond by component availability. And we talked about tthey magnitude of that in tthey third quarter being about $3 million. So, you can get a pretty good picture that, you know, at least in Q3, and I would say that, you know, after that, in subsequent quarters after that, depending on component availability, we should be at about that level as well. So, I think we're kind of at a new, a new level in cable TV, and ttheyre's opportunities to grow from ttheyre, particularly as we overcome some of ttheyse supply constraints, which is currently tthey limiting factor to deliver revenue ttheyre. At tthey same time, ttheyn your second question is about, you know, tthey trajectory in datacom, and I do think Q2 probably represents tthey low point in datacom revenue for us, at least tthey local minimum. That is, I think we'll see some incremental improvement in data calm.  And as we noted in our prepared remarks, that's going to be driven by two factors. One is tthey 400G design wins and our beginning that first phase ramp that I spoke with Simon about earlier in tthey 400G business. And at tthey same time, I also expect to see some recovery in our 100G business, as some of tthey customers that had previously purchased inventory are finally getting that inventory back down to a level that ttheyy think is appropriate to begin placing new orders. So, those two factors, I think, can drive some incremental growth in tthey data center business. Alex Henderson  So, it sounds like data center up modestly a couple of million dollars, you're talking about tthey ottheyr ones probably Telecom, that sounds like it’s up a little bit sequentially off of a fairly low base. So, that would suggest that you do expect a little bit of a retrenchment in tthey CATV to get to your guide, I would assume? Stefan Murry Yes, that's correct. And we highlighted that that's largely due to component shortages. Alex Henderson Okay. I get it. That's perfect. I wanted to go back to tthey inventory, your inventory carry rate is very high relative to, you know, to your revenue base, and relative to industry standards. And I get it that in ttheir environment, that's probably not a bad thing, but do we have any concerns about having potentially any issues of having too much of, say, older product, or lower speed products that might not be applicable to tthey future demand picture? Do you have tthey right inventory in that mix? Stefan Murry I think we do. You know, if you remember, in some prior quarters, we've talked a lot about tthey fact that our 400G platform and our 100G platform and our 40G platform share a lot of commonality in terms of tthey design and tthey parts. And so, you know, to that extent, ttheyre's inventory of raw materials and things that may have been applicable to even 40G products that we could still continue to use in 100G and certainly, you know, cable TV, well, some of tthey older generation products, maybe slower selling than tthey current stuff. Ttheyre's still a lot of demand even for older generation products. So, we feel pretty good about tthey inventory that we have. I should say, we feel good about tthey quality of tthey inventory that we have. Now, your point about inventory level being high is well taken. We did bulk-up on inventory quite a bit in tthey, actually even prior to COVID in tthey Chinese New Year period going back last spring. And, you know, I think that that probably, you know, we probably got a little bit out of – atheyad of our [SKUs] in terms of tthey amount of inventory that we have. To your point, it's comforting to have that inventory around with all tthey uncertainties that we've endured in tthey last year. But we do want to continue to draw that inventory level down. We've made some significant progress in that regard. I mean, we've pulled our inventory, I think it maxed out at around $113 million, and we're down to just about $100 million at tthey end of tthey quarter. So, I mean, that's good progress. I want to continue to make progress on that regard. And bring that inventory level down to a number that I think would be, you know, more appropriate for tthey business, which is probably in tthey $80 million vicinity. Alex Henderson One technical question, you said tthey 0.9 million of mark to market at tthey market issued, was that shares or was that revenue? You know tthey cash in. Stefan Murry That's dollars. That's tthey amount of net proceeds for …. Alex Henderson For tthey dollar? Okay. Thanks. Stefan Murry All right, Alex. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Sam Peterman with Craig-Hallum. Sam Peterman Hi, guys. Sam on for Richard theyre. Couple questions. I think I'll start with data center. I know you guys have talked about, you know, inventory burns ending in tthey second quarter and starting to recover from ttheyre, which looks like it's going to happen, but, you know, even given that data centers down looks like a little bit more than expected. I mean, was ttheyre, kind of worse inventory burns than expected, or something else in data center that can kind of explain tthey weakness ttheyre ttheir quarter? Stefan Murry  Well, I don't think that tthey weaknesses is, kind of a long-term thing. It has to do with just tthey confluence of order patterns across a couple of different customers. And, you know, as we, as we discussed, I think that probably represents a local minimum in terms of, you know, data center revenue. And I think, you know, tthey catalyst going forward is again, you know, inventory normalization with our 100G customers, especially one of our large 100G customers, as well as some theyadwinds, or excuse me, some tailwinds from tthey 400 gig, as that starts to ramp. Sam Peterman Okay, fair enough. Second question on 400 gig, I'm curious what those five technical qualifications that you talked about, are those with new customers or existing customers, or can you break that down? Stefan Murry All of tthey 400 gig technical qualifications are with existing customers. Sam Peterman Okay, great. Thank you. And ttheyn last one for me on cable TV. I know, I think last call you talked about having, you know, visibility in tthey order book out through tthey end of tthey year. I know, you know, supply constraints are going to cap that a bit, but can you talk about wtheyre you sit in terms of visibility today? And if that order books is extending out in tthey next year at all, and yeah any color ttheyre would be theylpful? Stefan Murry Yes, tthey order book is extending out in tthey next year. Tthey component availability situation, I mean, I was listening in on CommScope’s call, and ttheyy're saying similar things about component availability. So, I think it's, kind of an industry wide trend. So, we're not seeing customers, sort of pulling back on orders and shifting order patterns. I think it's quite tthey contrary, what we're experiencing is that customers are, you know, working with us to try to pull in inventory as quickly as ttheyy can, rattheyr than, you know, trying to move orders to somebody else or something. Sam Peterman Okay, great. Thanks. That's all for me. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Dave Kang with B. Riley. Dave Kang Thank you. Good afternoon. My first question is on gross margin. Revenue is going to be, kind of flattish sequentially in third quarter and yet you're expecting gross margin to decline by five points sequentially, can you just go over some of tthey factors? Stefan Murry Sure, ttheyre's two factors. One is, some product mix within our cable TV segment, just you know, different customers, sort of waxing and waning in terms of what ttheyy're buying. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr factor is, is related to tthey component shortages that we're experiencing. And so we are experiencing increased costs as we try to pull in those components. So, we're paying, for example, expedite fees to suppliers, we're in some cases, qualifying new suppliers that may even be higtheyr cost suppliers just because ttheyy have availability, things like that, that are also negatively impacting our gross margin in tthey quarter. So, we discussed that we think that tthey cable TV mix is probably a one quarter thing. I think it'll shift more back towards, you know, more favorable product mix in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey component availability is a little bit unclear how long that is going to last. I think it'll certainly last through tthey third quarter. It may last into tthey fourth quarter, but it's not totally clear exactly how fast we're going to be able to recover from that.  It's a very fluid situation. Some of those component availability situations are caused by for example, COVID shutdowns in certain parts of tthey world wtheyre suppliers have factories and things, and those – how those things play out, in terms of timing is a little bit difficult to project at ttheir point. But I think it's fair to say it, it should persist through tthey third quarter and hopefully, we'll find ways around it in tthey fourth quarter, but it's not totally clear at ttheir point. Dave Kang  Regarding component shortages, is it just mainly in cable TV, I mean, you're not experiencing a similar situation in tthey data center market? Stefan Murry Yeah, and I think a lot of that has to do with tthey inventory that we talked about earlier. I mean, Alex had a very good point that our inventory levels are rattheyr elevated. And that's tthey point that we've made also on our last few calls. You know that's a double-edged sword, of course, we're tying up cash.  And ttheyre's always some risk of obsolescence, although, as I mentioned, in response to Alex's question, I don't think that's a major concern for us at ttheir point. But, tthey bright side to that is that, you know, if you do have inventory, ttheyn you're not as likely to suffer from supply shortages.  So, in tthey data center business wtheyre we have, you know, a longer theirtory and a more, you know, a better track record in terms of order patterns, we were able to bulk up on those products atheyad of Chinese New Year last year, and that inventory is continuing to theylp us out wtheyn it comes to component shortages in tthey present time. Tthey cable TV, part of our business, as you can appreciate, was significantly smaller a year ago, and we didn't have tthey same bulk of inventory going into, you know, going from pre-COVID times into, you know, tthey first or second quarter of last year. And ttheyrefore, you know, we don't have that same cushion of inventory ttheyre. And that's wtheyre we're, sort of scrambling to try to find tthey inventory that we need to continue to grow tthey revenue in that segment. Dave Kang Okay. And my last question is on 400 gig. I'm trying to, kind of gauge what kind of trajectory we should be expecting. First of all, just wanted to clarify, do you say – did you say 400 gig will ramp end of third quarter or fourth quarter? And ttheyn, you know, like, can you just talk about your expectations? Maybe wtheyn does it become [indiscernible] 20% of revenues? Stefan Murry So, I think – I said that tthey 400 gig will start to ramp at tthey end of tthey third quarter, which means it's probably not going to be a big amount of revenue in tthey third quarter, but it should start to, you know, start to become, you know, more meaningful in tthey fourth quarter. I did also highlight in answer to, I believe it was Simon's question earlier that we typically see in ttheyse scenarios, a sort of two phase ramp, right.  So, ttheyre's an initial phase of ramp, wtheyre we go from zero to some relatively small number that's associated with initial orders from customers who are trying out, you know, putting ttheyse products into ttheyir actual live networks and making sure that ttheyy perform as well in that environment as ttheyy did in all tthey lab testing that ttheyy've been doing in tthey qualification phase. Ttheyy tend to be, you know, appropriately circumspect wtheyn it comes to ordering in that first phase. And ttheyn once ttheyy become more comfortable that everything's working correctly, ttheyn ttheyre's tthey second phase wtheyre tthey ramp becomes more substantial and we expect that phase will probably be sometime in tthey middle part of next year. Dave Kang And if I can just squeeze in one more regarding 400 gig, how should we think about margins between 100 gig versus 400 gig? Stefan Murry Broadly similar, ttheyre can be variations in gross margin among that product family eittheyr tthey 100 gig or 400 gig based on tthey particular, you know, tthey particular customers and tthey particular types of transceivers that are being ordered. But overall, I would expect tthey margins to be, you know, broadly similar between 100 gig and 400 gig. Dave Kang Got it. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Tim Savageaux with Northland Capital Markets. Tim Savageaux Good afternoon. Not a lot left theyre, but maybe I’ll follow up on 400 gig timing and maybe, kind of tthey magnitude of tthey opportunity, it seems that tthey one area wtheyre discussion of 400 ZR would be relevant for you guys would be at Microsoft, wtheyre ttheyy've stated pretty plainly that ttheyy need to get that DCI rollout going before ttheyy can upgrade inside tthey data center. And I'm not saying that's one of your design wins, [but if you could] add some color on that. But with a scenario like that, you know, explain a, why design wins are coming, you know, kind of maybe a little late in tthey game; and b, you know, kind of support tthey kind of small ramp and ttheyn bigger ramp in mid-year type scenario that you're discussing? Stefan Murry Yeah, I mean, I think you're right, in tthey sense that for all of our customers, and Microsoft certainly has theirtorically been one of if not our largest data center customer. It has been – recently it has been our largest data center customer. And so, you know, anything that would affect tthey timing and magnitude of tthey rollout of Microsoft's 400G efforts, you know, would certainly be of interest to us and could be a partial explanation for some of tthey ramp rates that we have talked about earlier. That's not to say, you know, certainly not all tthey design plans are technical qualifications that we had or even necessarily any of ttheym with Microsoft, but we have multiple customers that are involved in that, but certainly, we're watching tthey situation with Microsoft, and in any of tthey factors that affect ttheyir rollout would likely be affecting us as well. Tim Savageaux Got it. And, you know, in terms of tthey magnitude of that opportunity, you know, should things go reasonably well for you in 400 gig? I mean, can you imagine a scenario sometime next year wtheyre your 400 gig business is, you know, approaching tthey size of your current overall data center business on a quarterly basis? Stefan Murry I could imagine that scenario. I think, as you pointed out, a lot of things have to go right. I would expect that 400 gig can approach, you know, say 10% of revenue at some point next year, which would put it at, you know, roughly tthey level of our current data center business. So, I think that that's, you know, achievable. Clearly, we're a little ways out from seeing that actually happened and having a tremendous amount of confidence in that, but I think it's certainly possible. Tim Savageaux  Okay, thanks very much, and congrats on tthey design wins. Stefan Murry Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Dr. Thompson Lin, for any closing remarks. Thompson Lin Okay. Thank you for joining us today. As always, thank you to all investors, customers, and employees for your continued support, and we look forward to see many of you virtually in all upcoming investment conference. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect.