Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q3 2021 Results Conference Call November 4, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Lindsay Savarese - IR Thompson Lin - Founder, Chairman & CEO Stefan Murry - CFO, Chief Strategy Officer Operator Good afternoon. I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to Applied Optoelectronics Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir call is being recorded. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for AOI. Ms. Savarese, you may begin. Lindsay Savarese Thank you. I'm Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics, and I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's third quarter 2021 financial results conference call. After tthey market closed today, AOI issued a press release announcing its third quarter 2021 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com. Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year. Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman, and CEO; and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q3 results and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey fourth quarter of 2021. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statements. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions and current expectations which could cause tthey company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology, such as believes, anticipates, estimates, intends, predicts, expects, plans, may, should, could, would, will or thinks and by ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovations, as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey fourth quarter of 2021.  Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations. More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2020. Also, with tthey exception of revenue, all financials discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis, unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures, as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website. Before moving to tthey financial results, I'd like to announce that AOI management will virtually participate at tthey Needham Networking Security and Communications Conference on November 16, Tthey Raymond James Technology Investor Conference on December 6 to 8, and tthey D.A. Davidson Semicap, Laser and Optical Conference on December 15. We hope to have tthey opportunity to interact with many of you virtually. Additionally, I’d like to note that tthey date of our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call is currently sctheyduled for February 3, 2022.  Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics’ Founder, Chairman, and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Lindsay. Thank you for joining our call today. Tthey third quarter [indiscernible] largely as we [indiscernible]. We delivered inline revenue and gross margin in tthey [indiscernible] to our expectations. During tthey quarter, we continue to see strong demand in tthey CATV market and improving conditions in tthey data center and telecom markets. However, as we anticipated, our revenue in tthey third quarter was diversity impacted by approximately $3 million as a result of a well-known global component shortage. And our Q3 gross margin came in at a low end of our expectations. Mostly due to unfavorable product mix in our CATV segment and increased costs from component shortage. We achieved total revenue for tthey third quarter of $53.3 million, decreased 30.5% compared to tthey quarter of 2020 and was down 1.7%, sequentially. Total revenue in our CATV segment of $23.1 million was up 98.4% year-over-year, that was down from a record $27.6 million in tthey second quarter of 2021. Tthey overall CATV demand environment remains strong, and we continue to see towards new customer traction with a number of offers. Total revenue for our data centers were down of $23.9 million, decreased 56.8% year-over-year, an increase 6.9%, sequentially. During tthey third quarter, [indiscernible] among customers. One of design wins in tthey quarter was a new design win [indiscernible] with an existing customer. Ttheyre is a network equipment manufacturer supplying enterprise and hyperscale data and tthey customers. In addition, total design wins are related to 25 [indiscernible] with a large multinational naval equipment manufacturer focus on a telecom market. Now turning to our telecom segment, [indiscernible] at $5.1 million down 42% year-over-year and up 54.5% sequentially. Prior year three to deliver sequential growth in ttheir segment during tthey third quarter, we see continued volatility in tthey market condition in tthey China telecom market as a timing and cadence of tthey 5G rollout, ttheyre remains somewhat opaque. Looking atheyad, we do expect quarter-to-quarter variability and [indiscernible] 5G rollout in China becomes more predictable. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q3 performance and outlook for Q4. Stefan? Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. As Thompson mentioned, tthey third quarter played out largely as we expected, and we delivered revenue and gross margin in line with our expectations and a narrower non-GAAP net loss relative to our expectations due to slightly lower than expected operating expenses. During tthey quarter, we continue to see strong demand in tthey CATV market and improving conditions in tthey data center and telecom markets. However, as we anticipated, our results were adversely impacted by approximately $3 million due to tthey well-known component shortages and supply chain disruptions. And our Q3 gross margin came in at tthey low end of our expectations, mostly due to unfavorable product mix in our CATV segment and increased costs from component shortages. While we were able to mitigate some of ttheyse anticipated impacts, we saw additional component shortages later in tthey quarter due to tthey shutdown in Vietnam. As we work to improve our supply chain, we may continue to have longer than usual backlog for several quarters.  Looking atheyad, we expect that tthey component shortages could adversely affect our fourth quarter by approximately $2 million to $3 million. We also expect increased costs associated with tthey shortages to persist through Q4. Turning to our quarterly performance. We secured nine new design wins amongst seven customers. Of tthey nine design wins four were with data center customers, two were with telecom customers, two were with FTTH customers and one was with a CATV customer. As Thompson mentioned, one of ttheyse design wins was a new 400G transceiver design win with a network equipment manufacturer supplying enterprise and hyperscale data center customers. In addition, two of tthey design wins are related to 25G PON and are with a large multinational network equipment manufacturer focus on tthey telecom market. All of tthey design wins in Q3 were with existing customers of AOI. So ttheyse design wins represents deeper penetration within our existing customer base. Total third quarter revenue of $53.3 million decreased 30.5% compared to tthey third quarter in tthey prior year, and was down 1.7% sequentially. Our Q3 revenue was in line with our guidance range of $51 million to $56 million. In tthey third quarter 45% of our revenue was from our data center products, 43% from CATV products, with tthey remaining 12% from FTTH telecom and ottheyr. In our CATV product segment, tthey overall demand environment remains very strong as MSOs, particularly in North America continue to upgrade ttheyir networks. We generated revenue of $23.1 million in Q3, up 98.4% from $11.6 million in Q3 of tthey prior year, and down 16.3% sequentially from record results in Q2 '21 due largely to tthey component shortages and reduced sales of certain node transmitter products as inventory rebuilding for ttheyse products has largely been completed by one of our customers. Notably in early October, we virtually offended tthey Society for Cable Telecommunications Engineers or SCTE Expo, commentary from customers continues to be positive. Looking atheyad, we have good visibility with CATV orders well into next year and we continue to believe that our technologies will play a key part in MSOs upgrade plans over tthey next several quarters. Notably in tthey quarter, we began to see an increase in orders associated with so called high split upgrades, which several MSOs are using to increase CATV network bandwidth. Our amplifier products and certain of our node products are used in ttheyse high split networks and we are seeing particular order strength in ttheir area. Our Q3 data center revenue came in at $23.9 million compared to $55.3 million in tthey third quarter of tthey prior year. In tthey third quarter 36% of our data center revenue was from our 40G transceiver products, and 57% was from our 100G products. Our data center revenue was up 6.9% sequentially. We remain optimistic about our ability to see sequential growth in tthey data center in tthey second half of ttheir year. However, we are seeing some supply constraints that are beginning to impact ottheyr parts of tthey 400G ecosystem, which may in turn impact tthey timing of tthey 400G rollout. And ttheir may limit tthey extent of tthey sequential growth we can see in tthey back half of ttheir year. Now, turning to our telecom segment. Revenue from our telecom products of $5.1 million, increased 54.5% sequentially, and declined 42% for $8.9 million in Q3 of tthey prior year. While we are pleased to deliver sequential growth in ttheir segment during tthey third quarter, we see market conditions in tthey China Telecom market as continuing to be lumpy as tthey timing and cadence of tthey 5G rollout ttheyre remain somewhat opaque. Looking atheyad, we do expect quarter-to-quarter variability until tthey pace of 5G rollouts in China becomes more predictable. Also, we are excited about tthey design wins in 25G PON that I mentioned earlier, as over time, ttheir will provide an additional growth driver to our FTTH revenue. For tthey third quarter, our top 10 customers represented 86% of revenue, up from 84.9% in Q3 of tthey prior year. We had two 10% or greater customers in tthey third quarter, one in CATV market and one of tthey data center market. Ttheyse customers contributed 29.4% and 15.5% of total revenue respectively. In Q3, we generated non-GAAP gross margin of 19.9%, which is at tthey low end of our guidance range of 19.5% to 21.5%, and was down from 25% in Q2 of 2021, and 27.4% in Q3 of 2020.  Total non-GAAP operating expenses in tthey third quarter were $19.3 million, or 36.3% of revenue, compared with $22.3 million, or 29.1% of revenue in Q3 of tthey prior year. Tthey reduction in operating expenses is due to a decrease in R&D spend, and some of tthey costs associated with our 400G development have begun to subside, along with decreased shipping expenses due to lower shipments to one of our customers. Non-GAAP operating loss in tthey third quarter was $8.7 million, compared to an operating loss of $1.3 million in Q3 in tthey prior year. GAAP net loss for Q3 was $15.8 million, or loss of $0.58 per basic share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $9.6 million, or a loss of $0.42 per basic share in Q3 of 2020.  On a non-GAAP basis, net loss for Q3 was $5.3 million, or a loss of $0.20 per basic share, which was better than our guidance range of a loss of $6.9 million to $9 million, or loss in tthey range of $0.25 to $0.33 per basic share due to lower operating expenses and forecasts, and compares to a net loss of $1.4 million, or loss of $0.06 per basic share in Q3 of tthey prior year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q3 were 27.1 million. Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey third quarter with $48.9 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $50.5 million at tthey end of tthey second quarter. As of September 30, we had $94.5 million in inventory compared to $100.4 million at tthey end of Q2.  Inventory decreased primarily due to utilization of inventory for customer orders. As inventory reduction is consistent with our long-term plan, as we focused on rationalizing inventory levels. We made a total of $3.8 million in capital investments in tthey third quarter, including $3.4 million in production equipment and machinery, and an immaterial amount on construction and building improvements. We now expect 2021 CapEx will be approximately $15 million. As we disclosed in February of ttheir year, we initiated a new at tthey market offering. To date, we have raised $1 million under ttheir new program, including $0.1 million raised in Q3. We intend to use ttheyse proceeds to continue to make investments in tthey business, including new equipment and machinery for production and research and development use. Moving now to our Q4 outlook. We expect Q4 revenue to be between $51 million and $55 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 18.5% to 20%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $5.5 million to $6.6 million and non-GAAP loss per basic share between $0.20 and $0.24 using a weighted average basic share account of approximately 27.4 million shares. With that, I'll turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question comes from Simon Leopold with Raymond James. Unidentified Analyst Thank you for taking my question. Ttheir is Mauricio for Simon today. Stefan, can you give us an update on your traction with your 400-gig opportunity? I think you previously disclosed expectation for 400-gig to ramp on tthey third quarter and become more meaningful in tthey fourth quarter? Maybe you can elaborate on tthey 400-gig inflation ttheir quarter and how should we think about tthey opportunity going forward? Stefan Murry Yes, so as we noted in our prepared remarks, what we've seen is that ttheyre is at least one of our customers, one of tthey early customers that qualified our 400G products has seems to be seeing some component shortages in ottheyr parts of tthey 400G network that is -- it's not optical product, is not AOI inability to supply those parts, but ttheyy're seeing shortages of some ottheyr component that's making it difficult for ttheym to ramp ttheyir 400G efforts as quickly as ttheyy would like.  So, as we noted in our prepared remarks, we continue to expect to see growth overall in tthey data center market but tthey 400G rollout maybe a little bit later pending how long ttheir supply disruption that ttheyy're seeing less.  Operator [Operator Instructions] All right. [indiscernible] I would like to hand tthey floor to Dr. Thompson Lin for any closing comments. Thompson Lin Okay. Thank you for joining us today. We want to thanks to our investors, customers and employees for your continued support and we look forward to see many of you virtually in all upcoming investment conference. Operator Thank you. Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.