Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 23, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Lindsay Savarese - Investor Relations Thompson Lin - Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of tthey Board Stefan Murry - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer Conference Call Participants Simon Leopold - Raymond James Tim Savageaux - Northland Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon. I will be your conference operator. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to Applied Optoelectronics Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that ttheir call is being recorded. I will now turn tthey call over to Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for AOI. Ms. Savarese, you may begin. Lindsay Savarese Thank you. I'm Lindsay Savarese, Investor Relations for Applied Optoelectronics, and I'm pleased to welcome you to AOI's fourth quarter and full-year 2022 financial results conference call.  After tthey market close today, AOI issued a press release announcing its fourth quarter and full-year 2022 financial results and provided its outlook for tthey first quarter of 2023. Tthey release is also available on tthey company's website at ao-inc.com.  Ttheir call is being recorded and webcast live. A link to tthey recording can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of tthey AOI website and will be archived for one year.  Joining us on today's call is Dr. Thompson Lin, AOI's Founder, Chairman and CEO, and Dr. Stefan Murry, AOI's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. Thompson will give an overview of AOI's Q4 results and Stefan will provide financial details and tthey outlook for tthey first quarter of 2023. A question-and-answer session will follow our prepared remarks. Before we begin, I would like to remind you to review AOI's Safe Harbor statements. On today's call, management will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions and current expectations, which could cause tthey company's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements of tthey company or its industries, to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements.  In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as believes, forecasts, anticipates, estimates, intends, predict, expects, plan, may, should, could, would, will, potential or things, or by tthey negative of those trends or ottheyr similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes.  Tthey company updates ttheyse forward-looking statements on its current expectations, assumptions, estimate and projections. While tthey company believes ttheyse expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond tthey company's control, including important factors, such as risks related to tthey company's ability to complete tthey transaction described on ttheir call on tthey proposed terms and sctheydule or at all; tthey risk that certain closing conditions may not be timely satisfied or waived; tthey failure or delay to receive tthey required regulatory or ottheyr government approvals relating to tthey transaction; and tthey occurrence of any event, change or ottheyr circumstance that could give rise to tthey termination of tthey transaction. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding management's beliefs and expectations related to tthey expansion of tthey reach of our products into new markets and customer responses to our innovation, as well as statements regarding tthey company's outlook for tthey first quarter of 2023.  Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements for any reason after tthey date of ttheir earnings call to conform ttheyse statements to actual results or to changes in tthey company's expectations.  More information about ottheyr risks that may impact tthey company's business are set forth in tthey Risk Factors section of tthey company's reports on file with tthey SEC, including tthey company's annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2022.  Also, our financial results and ottheyr financial measures discussed today are on a non-GAAP basis unless specifically noted ottheyrwise. Non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures, as well as a discussion of why we present non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings press release that is available on our website.  I'd like to note tthey date of our first quarter earnings call is currently sctheyduled for May 4, 2023. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to Dr. Thompson Lin, Applied Optoelectronics’ Founder, Chairman and CEO. Thompson? Thompson Lin Thank you, Lindsay. Thank you for joining our call today. We are pleased to report fourth quarter results, with revenue in line with our expectations, gross margin above our expectations and non-GAAP loss per share better than our expectations. We continue to see strong demand in tthey CATV market and generated tthey higtheyst quarterly CATV revenue in tthey company theirtory in Q4.  During tthey fourth quarter, we delivered revenue of $61.6 million, in line with our guided range of $58 million to $64 million. We delivered non-GAAP gross margin of 21.4%, above our guided range of 17.5% to 19.5%, driven by our targeted cost reductions and favorable product mix. Our non-GAAP loss per share was $0.19, about our guided range of a loss of $0.28 to $0.34.  Our revenue in our CATV segment was a company record of $38.2 million, up 53% year-over-year and 22% sequentially, off a strong Q3, as we continue to see robust demand in tthey CATV market.  Total revenue for our data center products of $16.5 million decreased 35% year-over-year and 7% sequentially as customer continues to manage inventory level of all tthey products during tthey transition to 400G. Ttheir was partially offset by an increase in 400G revenue, which more than doubled sequentially.  In Q4, we signed an agreement with a major hyperscale data center operator for development program to make next-generation lasers for ttheyir data center, both for 400G and beyond. While tthey development of ttheir new product will take several quarters to be complete, we view ttheir counter award as validation of tthey value of our core laser fabrication ability.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Stefan to review tthey details of our Q4 performance and outlook for Q1. Stefan? Stefan Murry Thank you, Thompson. As Thompson mentioned, we are pleased to report our fourth quarter results, with revenue in line with our expectations, gross margin above our expectations and a non-GAAP loss per share of better than our expectations. We continue to see strong demand in tthey CATV market and generated tthey higtheyst quarterly CATV revenue in tthey company's theirtory from Q4.  Before turning to tthey quarter, I wanted to provide an update on tthey transaction that we announced last September that we have entered into an agreement with Yuhan Optoelectronic Technology for tthey sale of our manufacturing facilities located in tthey People's Republic of China and certain assets related to our transceiver business and multi-channel optical sub-assembly products for tthey data center, telecom and FTTH markets for a purchase price of $150 million.  As a reminder, we continue to anticipate that tthey transaction will be completed in 2023 and is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals, including CFIUS and ODI. We continue to advance work on ttheyse required regulatory approvals. As part of ttheir process, Yuhan has disclosed additional details regarding ttheyir financials, including new details regarding tthey composition of ttheyir ownership group. And based on ttheir new information, we continue to be optimistic that regulatory approval of ttheir transaction both in tthey U.S. and China is achievable.  Turning to tthey quarter. Our total revenue for tthey fourth quarter increased 13% year-over-year to $61.6 million, which was in line with our guidance range of $58 million to $64 million. As Thompson noted earlier, we made progress on our strategy to focus our efforts on our higtheyr-margin laser business during Q4.  We are pleased to announce that, during tthey fourth quarter, we signed an agreement with a major hyperscale data center operator for a development program to make next generation lasers for ttheyir data center, both for 400G and beyond. Ttheir customer has agreed to provide approximately $4 million in R&D funding for tthey first phase of ttheir project, with tthey first $3 million paid in Q4.  Currently, ttheir is reflected on our balance ttheyyet as deferred revenue. We expect to recognize ttheir revenue throughout tthey next several quarters as we progress through tthey development program.  We believe that tthey significant financial investment made by ttheir customer provides furttheyr validation of our strategy of focusing on our core high-margin laser business, even as we advance with our plans to divest tthey data center optical transceiver business to Yuhan, as discussed above.  Turning back to tthey quarter. We secured two design wins, both of which were in our CATV business. For tthey full year, we secured 12 new design wins compared to 20 design wins in 2021.  During tthey fourth quarter, 62% of our revenue was from our CATV products, 27% was from our data center products, with tthey remaining 11% from FTTH, telecom and ottheyr.  In our CATV product segment, tthey overall demand environment remains robust as MSOs, particularly in North America, continue purchasing additional networking products in order to upgrade ttheyir networks. CATV revenue in tthey fourth quarter was a company record of $38.2 million, which was up 53% year-over-year and 22% sequentially.  Looking atheyad, as a reminder, our CATV results are typically negatively impacted in Q1 by tthey loss of production days that occurs during tthey Lunar New Year holiday in China, wtheyre most of our CATV products are produced. We continue to have good visibility throughout tthey first half of tthey year, and are carefully monitoring MSO plans to move to DOCSIS 4.0 networks, perhaps as early as later ttheir year.  Broadly speaking, we're encouraged by some of tthey commentary that we have theyard regarding tthey DOCSIS 4.0 transition, as it relates to long-term continued investment in network upgrades.  For example, as you may have seen in December, Charter announced plans to spend approximately $5.5 billion over tthey next several years on network upgrades. We believe much of tthey spending will be on outside plant equipment, such as nodes and amplifiers, which are tthey products that have been driving AOI's cable TV business growth over tthey last several years. Zacharyouncements like that from Charter bolster our belief that tthey network upgrades that have begun will continue for tthey next several years, which we believe will continue to drive our CATV business.  Our Q4 data center revenue came in at $16.5 million, down 35% year-over-year and 7% sequentially, as customers continued to manage inventory levels of older products during tthey transition to 400G. Ttheir was partially offset by an increase in 400G revenue, which more than doubled sequentially.  In tthey fourth quarter, 71% of our data center revenue was from our 100G products, 11% was from our 40G transceiver products, and 8% was from our 200G and 400G transceiver products.  Now turning to our telecom segment. Revenue from our telecom products of $6.4 million was up 94% year-over-year and down 7% sequentially. Looking atheyad, we currently expect telecom revenue in Q1 to be slightly down due to tthey Lunar New Year and ttheyn expect to see slow improvement in ttheir segment as deployments of 5G products continue. For tthey fourth quarter, our top 10 customers represented 90% of revenue, up from 88.4% in Q4 of last year. We have two greater than 10% customers, one in tthey CATV market and one in tthey data center market. Ttheyse customers contributed 58% and 16% of total revenue respectively.  For tthey full year, we had two 10% or greater customers, one in tthey CATV market and one in tthey data center market. Ttheyse customers contributed 47% and 18% of total revenue respectively.  In Q4, we generated non-GAAP gross margin of 21.4%, which was above our guidance range of 17.5% to 19.5% and was up from 18% in Q3 of 2022 and up from 17.6% in Q4 of 2021. Tthey increase in gross margin was driven mainly by our favorable product mix and our cost reduction efforts.  We continue to be very focused on improving our bottom line. We believe tthey key to ttheir is improving our gross margin performance. In addition to our ongoing cost reduction efforts, during tthey quarter, we exited several low profit legacy products. Additionally, we have shifted R&D resources away from some low margin projects to focus our resources on areas wtheyre we can maximize margin.  Recently, we've also had some success in executing price increases with some customers, which will theylp to relieve some of tthey margin pressure we've been experiencing. Togettheyr, we expect ttheyse efforts to cumulatively improve our gross margin and bottom line performance over tthey next several quarters, and our management team and operating teams are all focused intensely on ttheir improvement.  Total non-GAAP operating expenses in tthey fourth quarter were $21 million or 34.2% of revenue, which compared to $16.9 million or 31% of revenue in Q4 of tthey prior year. R&D expenses increased 7% year-over-year to $8.9 million.  As we noted in our last earnings call, our non-GAAP operating expenses in Q4 included approximately $3 million or $0.11 per share of additional employee bonus approval related to tthey China divestiture. Ttheyse payments were authorized by tthey board in order to retain key employees who are critical to tthey success of tthey divestiture. Ttheyse additional bonus payments are not expected to occur in 2023.  Looking forward, we continue to expect non-GAAP operating expenses will moderate ttheir year to between $19 million and $20 million per quarter. Non-GAAP operating loss in tthey fourth quarter was $7.9 million compared to an operating loss of $7.3 million in Q4 of tthey prior year.  GAAP net loss for Q4 was $20.3 million or a loss of $0.71 per basic share compared with a GAAP net loss of $14.5 million or a loss of $0.54 per basic share in Q4 of 2021. On a non-GAAP basis, net loss for Q4 was $5.4 million or a loss of $0.19 per basic share, which was better than our guidance range of a loss of $8.1 million to $9.8 million or loss per share in tthey range of $0.28 to $0.34 per basic share and compares to a net loss of $5.5 million or a loss of $0.20 per basic share in Q4 of tthey prior year. Tthey basic shares outstanding used for computing tthey net loss in Q4 were 28.5 million.  Turning now to tthey balance ttheyyet. We ended tthey fourth quarter with $35.6 million in total cash, cash equivalents, short term investments and restricted cash. Ttheir compares with $34.6 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter. We ended tthey quarter with total debt excluding convertible debt of $69.4 million, up from $65.1 million last quarter.  As of December 31, we had $79.9 million in inventory compared to $94.3 million at tthey end of Q3. Inventory decreased primarily due to utilization of inventory for customer orders, along with tthey impact of exchange rates on our foreign inventory.  We made a total of $0.8 million in capital investments in tthey fourth quarter, bringing our total CapEx for tthey year to $3.4 million, which is down from $11.6 million in 2021, reflecting lower capital needs as most of tthey equipment necessary to produce our current generation products was purchased last year.  Moving on to our Q1 outlook. We expect Q1 revenue to be between $52 million and $55 million and non-GAAP gross margin to be in tthey range of 23% to 24%. Non-GAAP net loss is expected to be in tthey range of $4.4 million to $5.3 million and non-GAAP loss per basic share between $0.15 and $0.19, using a weighted average basic share count of approximately 28.9 million shares. With that, I will turn it back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator?  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Simon Leopold from Raymond James. Simon Leopold I appreciate tthey seasonal factors in terms of tthey Chinese New Year effect on tthey March quarter. And so, I guess what I'm struggling with is how to really think about maybe tthey normalized run rate, given that you didn't provide a full-year forecast. Can you give us some color or quantification about how you're thinking about tthey full year, particularly for tthey cable unit? Stefan Murry Well, as we noted in our prepared remarks, we had an all-time record in terms of cable TV production in Q4. I think part of that is probably some orders that were pulled into Q4 from Q1 just because ttheyy knew that ttheyre would be an impact from Lunar New Year and wanted to make sure that ttheyy had adequate inventory on hand. So, that number is probably a little bit high for an average run rate, but it's certainly what we were able to produce in Q4. So, consistent with demand. I'd say we'd probably come in at a number that's slightly less than that, perhaps, but not too far off after we finish off – after we get out of tthey Lunar New Year period.  That being said, we're actually monitoring pretty carefully tthey activity around DOCSIS 4.0, or at least specifically tthey MSO plans to move to upgraded networks. It's something that we spent a lot of time developing products for, and we're excited about that transition. So we're waiting to see wtheyttheyr that occurs later ttheir year or early in tthey next year, and how that'll impact volumes, both on tthey current generation of 1.2 gig products and tthey next generation 1.8 gig products. Simon Leopold And just to make sure I understand what you're alluding to ttheyre, if we were to make tthey assumption that DOCSIS 4.0 spending were to ramp in 2024, tthey activity in 2023 seems like maybe preparation for that, and ttheyrefore, 2024 should give you furttheyr growth if we think that's wtheyn DOCSIS 4.0 ramps. Is that tthey right interpretation?  Stefan Murry Yeah, I think that's an accurate description. Tthey DOCSIS 4.0 components, in addition to being just kind of more complicated in ttheyir own right because of tthey greater frequency response associated with DOCSIS 4.0, tthey products also – especially tthey amplifier products contain a great deal of intelligence in tthey products, which is something new that hasn't really been incorporated into those products. So, tthey bottom line is that tthey cost and price of those products is higtheyr than tthey current generation DOCSIS 3.1 products. And so, independent of volume plans by tthey MSOs, just tthey cost increase alone would certainly tend to drive higtheyr revenue numbers. Simon Leopold Can you give us tthey names of tthey customers that were over 10%, tthey cable TV vertical and tthey data center vertical? Stefan Murry Sure. ATX Networks and Microsoft. Operator Our next question comes from Tim Savageaux from Northland Capital Markets. Tim Savageaux Congrats on tthey results, especially on tthey gross margin side. And I guess I'll start ttheyre. And I think your drivers for Q4 are pretty straightforward. In talking about mix, I guess that's more cable and less datacom. My first question, though, is on tthey Q1 gross margin guide, which is higtheyr still, despite ttheir seasonal pullback in revenue. I don't know if that's some of that NRE funding coming in or if you can talk about what tthey drivers might be ttheyre. Stefan Murry Ttheyre's not much in tthey NRE funding in Q1 actually in terms of tthey forecast. I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we've actually been successful in pushing through some price increases, which is rattheyr unusual for our industry. And so, we'll start to see tthey impact of some of those price increases during tthey quarter and ttheyn tthey continued cost reduction efforts.  I've mentioned ttheir pretty consistently over tthey last, I don't know, three or four quarters that because of tthey nature of tthey cost reduction, and specifically wtheyn you're talking about product redesigns or substituting components that maybe have lower costs, that takes some time to play out because you have inventory that you have to – older inventory at a higtheyr cost you have to use up before tthey new inventory at a lower cost comes in. And so, those cost improvements don't happen all at once. Ttheyy tend to happen over a period of a couple of quarters. So ttheyre'll be some additional impact from those cost reductions in Q1 as well. Tim Savageaux So it sounds like if you're in a situation wtheyre revenue comes back post your seasonal quarter, it doesn't seem like ttheyre's a lot of one-time stuff in that Q1 – gross margin guide seems like you could possibly build on that with higtheyr volumes. Stefan Murry Yeah, I think that's right. We've certainly been talking about returning to certainly upper 20s, mid to upper 20 range gross margins. And I think we can definitely see – especially over tthey last couple quarters, we can certainly see a pathway to that later ttheir year.  Thompson Lin Tim, ttheir is Thompson. I certainly believe Q4 ttheir year gross margin should be 30% for us. And next year with DOCSIS 4.0, I think tthey unit price should be much higtheyr. For us, it's a very new product. And I think that AOI has – we believe we have very strong advantage in technology and performance. And tthey cost might be better. So, tthey next year, costs might be even better. Ttheir is how we see right now. And we see very strong demand from tthey key customers. Tim Savageaux And I want to kind of follow – that was - my next question actually, is we seem to be talking about cable TV infrastructure demand in two different ways, which is, one, your current demand profile, which seems pretty strong and maybe some of that got pulled into Q4, but you grew 25% or so in cable TV in calendar 2022 and obviously, much faster than that in Q4. But does that represent a normalized growth rate? Can you maintain double digits ttheyre regardless of tthey timing of 4.0? It sounds like what you were trying to say is to tthey extent we see wtheyn some of ttheir 4.0 activities start to really happen in tthey second half of 2023 versus 2024, that could be a swing factor for your cable TV growth. I'm just trying to set a baseline for how you see tthey current demand picture and what might be incremental to that.  Stefan Murry So at tthey moment, I mean, we're sort of capacity limited in terms of production. And so, until we get a more clear line of sight on exactly how fast tthey adoption of 4.0 is going to go, I'm not anticipating that we're going to add a lot of production capacity for tthey 4.0 products. And so, for tthey next several quarters, I would say we're likely to be capacity constrained. Now, I mentioned earlier that Q4 was a little bit higtheyr than I think we would do on an average basis. We sort of – as I said, tthey customer pulled in some revenue and we did some things to try to ship out as much product as we could. So, I wouldn't necessarily predict that number exactly in Q4 as a fourth quarter run rate. But going back a quarter or so probably is a reasonable estimate of what we would be able to do quarter-on-quarter ttheir year, absent any change in tthey demand picture due to 4.0.  Operator Ttheyre are no more questions in tthey queue. And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Dr. Thompson Lin for any closing remarks. Thompson Lin  Okay, thank you for joining us today. As always, we want to extend a thank you to our investors, customers and employees for your continuous support. We look forward to seeing many of you at IC and updating on you on our next earning call. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.