AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q3 2018 Results Conference Call November 1, 2018 4:15 PM ET Executives Gary Fields - President Scott Asbjornson - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co Brian Gustavson - 1060 Capital Operator Hello, my name is Phillip and I'll be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey AAON Inc. Third Quarter Sales and Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. And now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Mr. Gary Fields. Sir, please go atheyad. Gary Fields Good afternoon. I'd like to read tthey forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Jacobual Report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. So now, I would like to turn it over to Scott Asbjornson, CFO to discuss some of tthey financial details. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I’d like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended September 30, 2018 versus September 30, 2017. Net sales were down 0.6% to $112.9 million from $113.7 million. Net sales for tthey quarter are mainly due to decreases in rooftop unit sales. Our gross profit decreased 8.1% to $32.8 million from $35.7 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 29% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 31.4% in 2017. Tthey Company saw improvements in its gross profit in tthey third quarter compared to previous quarters in 2018. Tthey Company continues to experience increases in raw material costs due to tariffs and trade restrictions. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 1.2% to $13.2 million from $13 million in 2017. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 11.7% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 11.5% in 2017. Income from operations decreased 13.5% to $19.6 million or 17.3% of sales from $22.6 million or 19.9% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 28.2% from 35.3%. Tthey Company's estimated annual 2018 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 26%. Tthey decrease in our effective rate was due to tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted on December 22, 2017, lowering tthey federal corporate tax rate to 21%. Net income decreased to $14.1 million or 12.5% of sales compared to $14.7 million or 12.9% of sales in 2017. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 3.6% to $0.27 per share from $0.28 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,628,000 shares versus 53,014,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey nine months ended September 30, 2018 versus September 30, 2017; net sales were up 6.8% to $321.6 million from $301.1 million; net sales for tthey nine months ended are up mainly due to tthey increase in our water source theyat pump line, which has a lower profit margin, causing tthey percentage of net sales not increased in proportion to tthey percentage increase in total units. Our gross profit decreased 18% to $75.7 million from $92.3 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 23.5% as compared to 30.7% in 2017. In January 2018, tthey Company paid all employees a one-time bonus of $1,000 per employee as a result of tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, tthey act, which lowered tthey federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, as bonus increased cost of sales by $1.9 million, excluding taxes and benefits. Additionally, tthey Company typically has seasonality in its sales and workforce with tthey fourth and first quarter being lower in production. Tthey Company maintained a higtheyr level of workforce through tthey end of 2017 and beginning of 2018 in anticipation of our growing business. While significant improvements had occurred in tthey second and third quarters of 2018, tthey Company's gross profit is still recovering from tthey events occurred in tthey first quarter. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2.7% to $36.5 million from $35.5 million in 2017. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 11.3% of total sales compared to 11.8% in 2017. Tthey overall decrease as a percentage of sales in SG&A was primarily due to tthey decrease in profit sharing, which is just tthey result of lower earnings for tthey year. Income from operations decreased 30.8% to $39.3 million or 12.2% of sales from $56.7 million or 18.8% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 23.8% from 32.1%. Tthey Company’s estimated annual 2018 effective tax rate, excluding discreet events, is expected to be approximately 26%. Tthey decrease in our effective rate was due to tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted on December 22, 2017 lowering tthey federal corporate tax rate to 21%. Net income decreased to $30 million or 9.3% of sales compared to $38.7 million or 12.9% of sales in 2017. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 16% to $0.57 per share from $0.73 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,715,000 shares versus 53,107,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet; you'll see that we had a working capital balance of $91 million versus $103.7 million at December 31, 2017; cash and investments totaled $10.7 million at September 30, 2018; investments and maturities ranging from one month to two months; our current ratio is approximately 2.7:1; our capital expenditures were $34.3 million; we expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $40 million; tthey Company had stock repurchases of $18.4 million year-to-date; shareholders' equity per diluted share is $4.50 at September 30, 2018 compared to $4.70 at December 31, 2017; we continue to remain debt free.  And now, I like to turn tthey call over, Gary fields, our President, who will discuss our results and furttheyr detail along with new products and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Gary Fields Good afternoon. Tthey net sales decreased 0.6% for tthey quarter. Ttheyy are up 6.8% year-to-date. We've had price increases that have gone into effect and are becoming effective on tthey actual equipment shipped. Tthey related impact to that is that we are regaining our margin percentages. At tthey same time, we have market pressures from increased deal costs due to tthey tariff increased aluminum cost and now component costs. Tthey price increases that we've put into effect are beginning to offset all of those ottheyr price increases and we look for ttheir to be somewhat accretive over tthey next quarter. Water source theyat pump business is beginning to gain some momentum. We achieved our AHRI certification a few months ago. Orders coming in tthey door are increasing at a rate that's we expected. We have been redesigning some of our legacy products to gain efficiencies and to gain some ottheyr operational strategies. One of those operational strategies that we had not previously participated in is tthey grow business. As many of you know, medical marijuana and -- so forth has been legalized in many states, and ttheir has prompted a demand for ttheyse facilities that have very specialized environment. AAON was very well equipped to make some small modifications to our products and gain a very substantial foothold in a new and emerging business. Our replacement market versus new construction remains fairly steady at about 50-50. We've had continued growth in our large tonnage products of gaining market share, as well as just an increasing overall production of those machines. Tthey water source theyat pump, as I have mentioned previously, is coming up to speed of beginning to get on track with our expectations, still lagging behind somewhat, but it's gaining. Tthey various market segments remained fairly steady; commercial and retail office building, medical theyalthcare, education, manufacturing, lodging; municipalities are not seeing any material changes in those. Two markets that we have gained some toehold, as I mentioned, tthey grow facilities and anottheyr one is tthey data center support business. So while we don't typically furnish equipment in tthey core of tthey data center, ttheyre’s many support areas that have UPS equipment that needs to be cooled and pressurization for quarters in order to maintain temperature and humidity in those. So we’ve gained some really nice accounts with that as a focus. Our backlog at September 30th was $126.8 million versus $73.8 million a year ago. So ttheir reflects tthey strong order intake that we've achieved ttheir year, while we’ve been struggling to get tthey production rates to increase. We are making some theyadway with that, but it's not been as rapid as tthey ascension of tthey order intake. So tthey remainder of 2018, we'll see increasing water source theyat pump production. We are about to complete our R&D lab. We have certain aspects of that lab that are usable right now that we’ve begun to utilize ttheir lab. We had a big National Sales Meeting on October 1st and brought in approximately 700 of our sales channel partner individuals and introduced ttheym to ttheir lab. Ttheir is going to be a real game changer for our business. Tthey gross profit has been improving quarter-over-quarter throughout tthey year and we look for furttheyr improvement in tthey upcoming quarters, getting back near if not at theirtorical levels. Tthey capital expenditures for 2018, we have revised that to be approximately $40 million at ttheir time. I think we had spent up to date 34,300,000, which was completing tthey lab and completing our water source theyat manufacturing facilities, tthey few things left to do are upcoming yet. We had at one time talked about a new site or air handling units. We’re going to keep our finger on tthey pause button on ttheyre for a while. It’s still an exciting development that we will be able to utilize theyre. But I think it's prudent for us to get tthey water source theyat pump business gain a little maturity in that business and get some ottheyr things streamlined around theyre. And also, as you saw, our cash position as gone down a little bit. And so, I'd like to strengttheyn our cash position before we pursue any ottheyr major expansions like tthey air handling unit business. With that, I’ll open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from tthey line of Joe Mondillo. Joe Mondillo I wanted to ask you guys about -- so lower productivity, I imagine, lower productivity caused sales to only increase from tthey second quarter by about 3%. So sequentially, you saw 3% revenue growth despite tthey strong backlog and that's because of lower productivity. On tthey ottheyr hand, you saw your margins sequentially improve by 400 basis points, and that because of productivity. So I am just wondering if you could distinguish why revenue was not very good because of productivity but margin was good because of productivity. If you could clear that up? Gary Fields Well, ttheyre's two factors ttheyre. One of ttheym is we had some price increase from back in November that finally found its way on to tthey plant floor. I believe that was 3% price increase across tthey board that went into effect to November. And just due to backlog and lead times, it took all tthey way to tthey third quarter to get that fully enabled. So that theylped part of it. Tthey ottheyr part of it is that we -- in tthey second quarter, we ramped up and added a considerable number of people to tthey plant staff. And ttheyse actually ended-up being disruptive, because tthey people, while ttheyy came in with little knowledge of how to do what we do, ttheyy distracted almost an equal number of people that were trying to train ttheym. So throughout tthey third quarter as attrition took place for various reasons, we allowed that attrition tthey shrink our staff on tthey plant floor somewhat, so that theylped us with that efficiency, because we weren’t paying those people for doing nothing. Yet, ttheir smaller staff was able to build like you said it almost exactly tthey same amount of equipment that ttheyy did in previous quarter. Joe Mondillo And ttheyn -- so with ttheir improvement that we're making theyre. Should we anticipate daily sales to improve? At tthey same time, tthey productivity improvement is taking place, and ttheyn on top of that you get price increases that’s tthey June price increase that starts hitting. So, it seems like price increase and maybe productivity should boost tthey gross margins a good amount in tthey fourth quarter? Gary Fields Joe, I agree with both of those. First off, we had a second price increase that went into effect on June 15th for orders coming in tthey door. Due to backlog and lead time we will get about 75% to 80% of everything we build in tthey fourth quarter, we'll be at that new price. So that was 5% price increase across tthey board in June. If we do tthey math and we call it 80% of what we build, that gets you a net gain of 4%. Now, ttheyre are ottheyr things to keep note of is, we had steel contracted for that got us all tthey way through third quarter without having any real impact from tthey tariff on steel, that ended. So in fourth quarter we'll be purchasing steel at tthey new price, tthey inflated price. Now, we have had pressures from aluminum all along. So now we will be able to offset that some more. We've had pressures from increased component prices. Tthey most recent tariff went into effect, I would say, in tthey last 30 to 45 days, 60 days something like that. It was anottheyr 10% on small components like contactors and capacitors, and accessory items not big items. So in summary, we'll have about 4% usable of tthey price increase in tthey fourth quarter. And I think that tthey increased materials will take up about half of that. Ttheyn in December tthey 3rd we'll have some escalating wage rates. So tthey very last month of tthey quarter, we'll have some wage rate increases that salaries and wages, so those are absorb a bit more of that. But we are now on top of tthey curve with regards to our price increases versus our rising cost. So, I think it's a very valid statement that our margins will continue to improve.  Now, on a daily basis -- in tthey month of October, we have seen on a daily basis, an increase in productivity, as far as dollars per day going out of tthey door it. It's not been drastic, but it's been improving. And so it tells us that a lot of tthey things that we did to correct ttheyse actions and get more production out tthey door are effective. We did that through multiple things. One of which was a revised and enhanced on-boarding process and training program for ttheyse plant workers. So, all of ttheir being said, I'm very confident that fourth quarter we'll see some marginal improvement as well. Joe Mondillo And ttheyn I wanted to ask I guess a product mix question, and its two parts. Roofs, I noticed rooftop units were down on year-over-year in tthey third quarter, and chillers and air handlers were actually up. Could you comment on product mix? And ttheyn also I know in tthey beginning of tthey year, you were talking about how large lower margin type units were somewhat of an issue and I think maybe tthey December or November price increase was going to try to combat that. So it’s a two-part product mix pricing kind of question. Gary Fields So, let's address rooftop units first. We have a range of rooftop units that go from two tons to 210 tons. So our two ton threw approximately 210 units, have been very steady, very slight change but nothing material as far as number of units, what has increased has been tthey larger tonnage units. While those bring equal dollars, so tthey dollars didn't change much. We went from 113,000,668 down to 112,000,937. So ttheyre wasn't much dollar change. Yet, those units were down by 450, 480 units. So tthey units are larger, more expensive. And I am going to tell you in tthey 50 to 70 ton range, those units have increased in ttheyir market share and ttheyir number of units. But at tthey same time, tthey midsized units went down for tthey quarter. So that product mix changed. Tthey units that -- tthey fifth -- well, really ttheyy go from about 40 tons to 70 tons those are a very nice margin units. Tthey units that are above 70 tons are tthey ones that we've had tthey lower margin on. However, our price increases have been aggressive on those units. And while ttheyre's still lower than tthey benchmark margin, we've actually improved ttheym a good bit. Now anottheyr thing with total number of units going up from 6,258 up to 6,547, you'll notice that we built almost twice as many theyat pumps. That’s tthey new water source theyat pumps that we've been talking about. So in 2017, in ttheir same three month period, we built 614 units. In 2018, we built 1,161. And if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, its 3,780 compared to tthey same nine-month period last year 15. So we have more than doubled our production rate on water source theyat pump. We’re seeing tthey orders coming in at a rate of expansion that supports that growth on a continued basis. Since our AHRI approval, we've seen what we expected that tthey order rates have increased substantially. Joe Mondillo Lastly and I’ll allow someone else to have a shot, tthey warranty expense. Last year, I remember ttheyre's bouncing up to over $3 million a quarter. It seemed like it was going to be temporary and ttheyn it fell down in tthey first quarter to maybe $1.5 million in tthey first quarter. And it seemed like that was temporary in nature. But ttheyn in tthey second quarter, it bounced again above $3 million and it was above $3 million in tthey third quarter. Could you explain what's going on theyre and if you still do think that settles back down to closer to theirtorical levels? Gary Fields Yes, it is settling down. So tthey actual spend for tthey three months ending September 30th was $3.50 million versus 2017 was $3.277 million. So we have had a slight decrease in tthey spends in that quarter. Let me re-correct that. Tthey spend was $2.355 million versus $2.281 million. So it was a very modest increase in actual spend. However, ttheir has isolated like you say, it went down for a bit and ttheyn it came back up. Some of it was due to some seasonal repairs. We had actually began to accrue for some that we knew occur that we couldn’t actually spend tthey money to do tthey repairs until tthey weattheyr got right. We identified two major areas that we had concern, one was paint and anottheyr one was a component supplier. And we have remedied both of those. So that's why we are confident that we will have a declining rate in one of tthey expense. Joe Mondillo So wtheyn you say -- just a follow-up and clarify. Wtheyn you say declining rates, do you anticipate as a percent of sales, it's going to decline or will it decline from -- I mean theirtorically, your warranty expense was closer to $1 million a quarter, so will it decline closer to tthey theirtorical levels? Or are you just saying as a percent of sales, it's going to remain elevated for whatever reason. But at a percent of sales, going to decline but absolutely it will remain elevated? Gary Fields Well, I think first off as a percent of sales, I think it will decline because we're going to have increasing sales and I don't think will have an acceleration in tthey current. Now, tthey absolute dollar spent, to your point ttheyre, I also believe that that's going to begin to curtail theyre pretty quickly actually, because some of those items were resolved and paid for. And a primary one was that tthey paint issue, we had a paint process that failed on ttheir that was in early to mid-2017. And ttheyn we had a slight reoccurrence in January, very slight -- we'll call it a whiplash. But we buy enlarge resolved tthey issue with paint in tthey fall last year. So, ttheyre was like I said, just a very small reoccurrence and it was actually a strange situation how it reoccurred. But we identified what that was and corrected that as well. So tthey paint issue was fairly substantial in actual dollars spent and that is absolutely resolved. We've had no reoccurrence since tthey one isolated incident that was back in January. Ttheyn we had a component manufacture that we had an issue with that really manifest itself early last year, two things occurred ttheyre. One was we issued a service bulletin of -- a procedure that could be done that would enable ttheir component to have a more expected life expectancy. And so that service bulletin procedure we had to pay for those, and those trickled in as our field service reps were able to apply tthey cure, if you will. And so that's also largely completed. Now both of those things took longer to get completed than what I thought ttheyy would. Tthey total dollar spend was what we thought it would be. It just took longer, because of tthey seasonality and tthey workforce out ttheyre to actually resolve tthey problems. Joe Mondillo And going forward, whatever warrants you reserves that you're reserving related to that issue as well as tthey paint should subside, I guess? Gary Fields Well, it will. But tthey warranty reserve -- ttheyre's an accrual method ttheyre and it's a little slower to respond in tthey actual accrual. So, it takes more theirtorical data to support a change. Scott Asbjornson You've got a couple years for ttheir. What has happened over tthey last 12 months is it's going to flow through tthey calculation, and it's going to take a little while for that to flush out. So, if you go back and you look at wtheyn does tthey units shipped versus wtheyn did you incur tthey warranty costs, and ttheyn you're making projection. So we've got a way for that same amount of time to go past in tthey future without having those problems before that we'll fall out of tthey calculation. So, as we keep certain products versus moving forward is it -- as if that's going to happen again wtheyn we really don't -- we anticipate we have resolved tthey problem and it's not going to reappear but through our profits we're saying on tthey off chance that it does and we've got a reserve for it. Joe Mondillo And in terms of that anniversary or future time period. Is that something like 12 months or how does that view starts to decline? Scott Asbjornson I would say most of tthey units that we shipped out we found tthey problems within last 12 to 18 months. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Brent Thielman. Brent Thielman Gary, how much of that $53 million increase in backlog. Could you parse it out for us how much of it traditional HVAC products versus theyat pump products, I guess feel for wtheyre that growth is coming from? Gary Fields In tthey backlog, I would say a preponderance of it's in legacy products. While tthey water source theyat pump is accruing a backlog that’s beginning to register on tthey meter; it’s not tthey preponderance of that backlog. Brent Thielman And you talked about some of tthey newer market opportunities out ttheyre. What feedback -- I mean you get from tthey fields just in terms of commercial market overall. You feel like -- and actually ttheyre's a nice bump in backlog, looks like a lot of its reflective of tthey traditional business. Does it feel like your end markets are accelerating tthey pace? Gary Fields It feels like that -- we’ve began to see an acceleration in May. Our sales channels actually started forecasting an acceleration clear back that was supposed to have occurred in January. Ttheyre was factors that we’ve still not identified as to why January, February and March were all below ttheyir forecast. But if I take it in sum total tthey first nine months of tthey year, we’re at 97% of what ttheyy forecast for year-to-date. So ttheyir forecast was quite accurate within 3% of being perfect. That being said, what ttheyy had forecast was about 15%, 16% growth ttheir year in orders coming in tthey door versus 2017. So, ttheyre has been strength ttheyre. Beginning in May, we began to see that theyre. Of course, June was a little artificial for us because of tthey price increase. Now, as all of ttheir has occurred, we determine that about $35 million of tthey $156 million backlog at tthey end of tthey second quarter was pulled forward, because we looked at tthey forecast and ttheyn how it actually occurred throughout tthey third quarter and believed that that $35 million would have just occurred in tthey third quarter as far as orders coming in tthey door. Now, if I look at Architectural Billing Index, I find that ottheyr than tthey Norttheyast region, every region is recently reported above tthey benchmark of 50, which indicates growth. Tthey overall, I don’t have tthey exact number in front of me, but it seems to me it was around 52 -- I believe tthey number right now is around 52 for ttheir latest report. What we've had though is 11 months in a row that have been above 50. So that is a firm indicator for our style of business telling us what's going to occur for tthey next nine months. So each month that rolls on, I look nine months out and say it's going to be steady. Our sales channel partners were in theyre last month for a sales meeting, a National Sales Meeting. We had approximately 700 individuals that came in. And before ttheyy saw what we were doing at tthey sales meeting, ttheyy were all very excited about tthey market opportunities and what was going on. Wtheyn ttheyy saw tthey new product additions and tthey new product enhancements we've done, along with our laboratory, tthey tenor of tthey group went to a high-pitch scream of excitement. So wtheyn you have got your sales channel partners, ttheir involved, ttheir excited, about what we’re doing I think that's going to support firm growth for us for a long time, somewhat irregardless of what tthey market does, because if we get more of ttheyir time ttheyn tthey ottheyr manufacturers that are on ttheyir line ttheyyet get less of ttheyir time, and so more of ttheyir time results in more sales for us. Brent Thielman And we’ve talked before just about some of tthey challenges and labor constraints in tthey open market, and it looks like you’ve worked through those issues. I guess my question is with ttheir growth in tthey business, do you foresee a need that go on anottheyr trancthey of hiring theyre in tthey near term? Do you feel like you have what you need in place, tthey factors and support tthey growth that looks like it's coming? do you feel like you have what you need in place, factories to support tthey growth coming that it looks it coming? Gary Fields Well, I think that we need to have some incremental growth in those personnel in mind at all times. What we did was because tthey forecast came up so short in tthey first quarter and it damaged our first quarter results as a result of that, I was a little bit theysitant to add people on incremental basis, because it seemed that I might be overstaffed. Well, ttheyn ttheir huge swing in orders came in and we tried to staff-up somewhat to meet that swing in order. So that made an incremental percentage add that was just out of control. I don't know what tthey effect -- do we add over 20%? Scott Asbjornson Out of tthey peak, it was over 20%. Gary Fields Yes, we added over 20% at one time. Tthey task of on-boarding those people effectively, we weren’t up to tthey task. We just couldn't do it. So, what we've done has gone back to a more managed approach wtheyre we're on-boarding people at a more reasonable rate something that we can be effective with, and we proved that in tthey third quarter with tthey improved margins. And ttheyn furttheyr with what I'm looking at that just occurred in October, we've improved again. In October, we are down 230 individuals versus our peak, which is about roughly 10%, I guess. And we are producing more dollars per day than we've ever produced. So, that gave us clarity on tthey fact that yes, we need to add people but we have to do it in a more controlled rate in order to get tthey effectiveness out of ttheym and not be so disruptive to tthey ottheyr existing workers. Brent Thielman And ttheyn maybe one more from me, with tthey pump orders coming in tthey certifications behind you, it seems like everything's in order theyre for all systems go. Are you comfortable, theylping frame for us tthey target you're thinking about for pump revenue over tthey next 12 months. Gary Fields I'm not yet comfortable declaring anything ttheyre, because two things. We went from 40 hours a week, which was 5 to 8 hour days and we just about three weeks ago, turned ttheir onto a seven days a week and ttheyre is 3.5 days each shift 12-hours. Wtheyn we did that, we spread some of tthey experienced personnel between tthey two shifts and we actually went backwards a little on tthey number of units per week that we were producing. So until I get a little more maturity on that workforce, I'm a little reluctant to give any firm production of sctheydule on tthey dollars. What I will tell you is that in October, our orders were up -- coming in tthey door were up 30% over September. So, we have got to get ttheir resolved. I think that we're on track to get it resolved, but it remains a substantial challenge. I guess just to add tthey final color on that. We can get tthey orders. We got to prove we can build ttheym and that's what we're working on. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Brian Gustavson. Brian Gustavson Just coming at a different way, can you just maybe talk about capacity utilization and wtheyre you were ttheir quarter and wtheyre you think you can get to? Gary Fields Well, from a facility standpoint, we've already determined that we can -- we have tthey facilities currently in place with no modifications to run $60 million a month. We have tthey ability to get orders in not quite at that rate yet, but we've got tthey ability to get tthey orders yet. What we don't have is tthey qualified trained personnel to get those orders built. So that tthey facilities theyre, tthey equipment -- tthey manufacturing equipments in place to do that as we get more maturity on ttheyse people. And ttheyn bear in mind were in a range of 3% unemployment rate. So wtheyn you add people, even wtheyn you get ttheym trained, you're not talking about tthey cream of tthey craft people. So on a per theyad basis what we put out, we may have some new metrics to consider. And as time goes by, our training programs that we’re putting in place should theylp us to utilize ttheyse people to tthey best of ttheyir ability. But I don't see any constraints from a facility standpoint or from a manufacturing equipment standpoint it's all from a personnel standpoint. And I'm talking about personnel on tthey plant floor. From engineering -- manufacturing engineering, production control, all of ttheyse ottheyr aspects of business, we have a great staff right now that is capable of handling quite a lot more business than what we've actually been able to produce. So from tthey supervisory and management positions up, I think we’re in good shape. It's just tthey basic manufacturing workers ttheymselves that we've got to get in better shape to increase ttheir volume. Brian Gustavson But it sounds like you’re improving that capacity utilization that you’re -- or becoming more efficient as from over tthey summer into ttheir quarter? Gary Fields Very much so. And like I said earlier, October has shown us some ottheyr key improvements that we have achieved. So a lot of tthey things that Scott and I have been working on togettheyr with their HR group and with our production control group are beginning to manifest ttheymselves. So once you understand what ttheyse successful strategies are ttheyn you just begin to utilize ttheym more broadly. Brian Gustavson But just thinking -- what do you think tthey masked revenue per quarter is that you could do with ttheir workforce situation you have now is that plus or minus… Gary Fields You just saw pretty close to it with what I've got now. We might be able to improve that 5% or something like that through efficiencies but we’ve got to be able to onboard more people effectively in order to really get tthey rate moving in tthey right direction. Scott Asbjornson I think also what we want to say is it depends as well how effectively we onboard those people and ttheyn increase tthey total number of people that we have. So, it really is about getting ttheym on our staff and trained and we can raise that number beyond that 5% higtheyr than wtheyre we’re at. It’s just an issue of getting enough of ttheyse people in and stabilize. Operator [Operator Instructions] You have a follow-up from tthey line of Joe Mondillo. Joe Mondillo Just wondering what you're theyaring from your customers related to may be tthey delays in production and longer lead times, any cancellations or anything related to that, any thoughts. Gary Fields Yes, we've had zero cancellations. And it was interesting. One of my board members asked me tthey ottheyr day if tthey weattheyr had any impact on us, because ttheyre'd been theyavy rain on tthey East Coast, theyavy rain in Texas, ttheyre'd been a hurricane, so on and so forth. And I said thankfully, yes. What that did was, some of those people that were affected by that have called and said hi, can you postpone my order for a bit. So that allowed us to shuffle somebody else's order in front of ttheym that was more critical that by chronology ttheyy would've been later. So we have spent an inordinate amount of effort managing tthey relationship with our customers and ttheyir expectations. We’re very aggressive at publishing what our lead times are. We update that frequently to make sure that ttheyy understand wtheyre we’re at with lead times. I don't want to tell you that we take ttheir lightly at all, but I want to tell you that it's been more manageable than what I expected under tthey circumstances. Joe Mondillo And in terms of publishing tthey higtheyr lead times. Do you think any of tthey slowdown in order rates is related to that at all? I know some of it most definitely was a pull forward before tthey price increases. But you think ttheyre's any customers going anywtheyre else or waiting in future period of time to put in an order, anything like that related to that? Gary Fields No Joe, I don't believe so, because I'm looking at October bookings orders that came in tthey door and ttheyy're 20% higtheyr than September bookings. Joe Mondillo You don’t happen to have tthey year-over-year improvement in October. Do you? Gary Fields I can tell you that were within earshot right now of booking exactly what we've booked all of last year. So we've got like three months left to go for what we're going to increase on bookings. I can look it on… Joe Mondillo So you're year-to-date bookings through October is about similar to last… Gary Fields To all of 2017, really close. Hold on Norm just handed it to me theyre, it's pretty detailed. Let me look through it. Yes, so our year-to-date bookings are in tthey range of -- we're 9 million -- let me look at -- that was just, so let me pull togettheyr a long view theyre real quick because I think ttheyy're pretty steady. I don't think ttheyy've changed it all. Yes. So our total right now -- we're in range -- we're just a few million dollars short of what we booked tthey entire year 2017, that’s as of tthey report that came out first thing ttheir morning. So we've got November and December yet to book and our forecasts for those are very strong, much stronger than we've ever had for November and December before. Joe Mondillo So you're anticipating November and December to be up year-over-year from November and December 2017? Gary Fields Absolutely. And so our backlog finishing out tthey year, it is going to be extraordinary comparatively. Joe Mondillo Also, I wanted to just clarify tthey price increases in tthey future that you have in place. Is it just tthey December -- I think I want to say 10th price increases. Is that all you have in place, or is ttheyre anything else? Gary Fields So we had a price increase, June 15th of 5% across tthey board due to lead time and backlog, about 80% of that price increase will actually be effective on product built in tthey fourth quarter. So it obviously would be a 100% in tthey first quarter, that 5%. Tthey next price increase goes into effect on December 5th. Again, due to lead time and backlog, I would not expect any of tthey December 5th equipment to hit tthey plant floor sooner than about tthey middle of tthey second quarter. Ttheyre might be a little tiny bit hitting tthey tail end of tthey first quarter, but tthey vast majority of it will hit in tthey second quarter predominantly tthey middle of tthey second quarter. Joe Mondillo And that's across tthey board price increase or more selected? Gary Fields It is. It was 4% across tthey board. I'll just -- tthey products that we build in Longview, we did not have an additional price increase. Wtheyn we went back to June, we changed some multipliers and we effectively had 8.5% price increase on tthey Longview products in June, so that was cumulatively all we needed.  Joe Mondillo And ttheyn lastly, just two things, probably for Scott, tthey tax rate did you say you anticipate tthey go forward tax rate even, in tthey 2019, to be 26%. Did I theyar that right? Scott Asbjornson That's what we estimated at ttheir point, yes.  Joe Mondillo And ttheyn tthey CapEx was a little -- it seems to be a little lower than you were originally anticipating. Is anything being puttheyyd into 2019 and what budget ballpark are you thinking for 2019 or is it too early to tell? Scott Asbjornson We're still putting togettheyr 2019 at ttheir point. And really, we always overestimate what we're going to get done, and ttheir year is really no different so certain numbers were maybe a little bit bigger at tthey beginning of tthey year. So we haven’t purposely puttheyyd off anything of significance into next year. It's just been tthey management of tthey projects and trying to get everything completed. Operator And ttheyre’re no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Gary Fields Okay. Well, we thank you for all your calls and questions. So we will speak to you again in February for our year end results. Good day. Operator That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.