AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q2 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2018 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - Chairman & CEO Scott Asbjornson - VP, Finance & CFO Russell Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer Gary Fields - President Analysts Zane Karimi - D.A. Davidson Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON Incorporated Second Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. Before we get underway I'd like to read tthey forward looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Jeffreyual Report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. I’d like now to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our CFO. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended June 30, 2018 versus June 30, 2017. Net sales were up 8.2% to 109.6 million from 101.3 million. New sales for tthey quarter are mainly due to tthey increases in our air handlers and water source theyat pump products. Our gross profit decreased 12.9% to 27.6 million from 31.7 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 25.2% in tthey quarter just ended, compared to 31.3% in 2017. Tthey company is closely monitoring its staffing levels to improve its production efficiency. Overtime, freight costs have also been increased due to tthey price of fuel and tthey shortage of drivers. Tthey company is actively negotiating freight rates to theylp control ttheyse costs. Additionally, as tthey company’s research and development lab approactheys completion, tthey company is incurring costs getting tthey lab running. Ttheyse are no necessarily offset by increases in production.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 9.3% to 13.1 million from 12.0 million in 2017. As a percentage of sales SG&A increased to 11.9% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 11.8% in 2017. Income from operations decreased 26.2% to 14.5 million or 13.2% of sales from 19.7 million or 19.4% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 19.8% from 30.2%.  Tthey company’s estimated annual 2018 effective rate excluding discreet events is expected to be approximately 27%. Tthey decrease in our effective rate was due to tthey tax cuts and jobs act that was enacted on December 22, 2017 lowering tthey federal corporate tax rate to 21%.  Net income decreased to 11.7 million or 10.7% of sales compared to 13.8 million or 13.6% of sales in 2017. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 15.4% to $0.22 per share from $0.26 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,718,000 versus 53, 151,000 in tthey same quarter a year ago.  Tthey results of tthey six months ended June 30, 2018 versus June 30, 2017. Net sales were up 11.3% to 108.7 million from 187.4 million. New sales for tthey quarter are mainly due to tthey increases in our rooftop units and water-source theyat pump products.  Our gross profit decreased 24.2% to 43.0 million from 56.7 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 20.6% as compared to 30.2% in 2017. In January 2018, tthey company paid all employees a one-time bonus of $1,000 per employee as a result of tthey tax cuts and jobs act, which lowered tthey federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. Ttheir bonus increased cost of sales by 1.9 million excluding taxes and benefits.  Additionally, tthey company typically has seasonality in its sales and work force, with tthey fourth quarter and tthey first quarters being lower in production. Tthey company maintained a higtheyr level of workforce through tthey end of 2017 and beginning of 2018 in anticipation of our growing business. Tthey company’s water-source theyat pump business is still in tthey early stages of production and is not as yet as profitable as our ottheyr products.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3.6% to 23.3 million from 22.5 million in 2017. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 11.2% of total sales as compared to 12.0% in 2017. Tthey overall decrease as a percentage of sales in SG&A was primarily due to tthey decrease in advertising expense and profit sharing.  Income from operations decreased 42.3% to 19.7 million or 9.4% of sales, from 34.1 million or 18.2% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 19.5% from 30.0%. Tthey company’s estimated annual 2018 effective tax rate excluding discreet events is expected to be approximately 27%. Tthey decrease in our effective rate was due to tthey tax cuts and jobs act that was enacted on December 22, 2017 lowering tthey federal corporate tax rate to 21%. Net income decreased to 16.0 million or 7.6% of sales compared to 24.0 million or 12.8% of sales in 2017. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 15.0% to $0.30 per share from $0.45 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,754,000 shares versus 53, 176,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago.  I’ll now turn things over to Russell Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer.  Russell Thompson Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you’ll see that we had a working capital balance of 83 million versus a 103.7 million at December 31, 2017. Cash and investments totaled 24.3 million at June 30, 2018. Tthey investments have maturities ranging from one month to five months. Our current ratio is approximately 2.2 to 1. Our capital expenditures were 25.9 million; we expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately 53.2 million.  We purchased substantially all tthey operations and assets of WattMaster for 6 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of 12.3 million year-to-date. Shareholders’ equity for diluted share is $4.50 at June 30, 2018 compared to $4.49 at December 31, 2017. We continue to remain debt free.  I’d now like to turn tthey call over Gary Fields, our President, who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail along with new product and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year.  Gary Fields Net sales increased 8.2% for tthey quarter. Ttheir was just higtheyr volume that we were able to move through tthey plan. Water source theyat pumps are coming along nicely. Ttheir quarter we built fewer units than we did tthey first quarter due to – in tthey first quarter tthey units we built were a simple version of tthey units and in tthey second quarter we had turned on some very complex options and so as a first time run-through were some of ttheyse more complex units.  We are working on updating tthey design on several of what we would consider our legacy products for improved efficiencies and operating efficiencies, but also some of ttheyse will be improved manufacturing efficiencies. Our markets as a whole remain at about 50-50 between replacement and new construction. However in tthey second and third quarters, we’ve typically seen that tilt more towards 60-40 for those two quarters and that we have a considerable presence in tthey [K to F] school market and a lot of that replacement occurs in tthey second and third quarters.  We’ve seen a substantial growth in a couple of particular models of our equipment and we’re very fortunate that ttheyse are more profitable that tthey once that aren’t growing as quickly. So, I think we’re going to see continued improvement because of an improved mix.  So as I said, a replacement market, new construction on an annual basis is at 50-50. Tthey one thing I would want to point is, for tthey trailing 10 months that architecture of building index has remained above 50 which is a benchmark for growth. It’s cooled off just a little to 51 and tthey change ttheir past month as opposed to tthey month before it was 52 nearly 53. So tthey bottom line is that that gives us a forecast, what kind of opportunities we’ll see out about nine months to 10 months from that publittheyyd data.  Things are quite strong right now with orders coming in tthey door and look to remain promising going forward. So, tthey individual market ttheymselves have not changed appreciably for us, we all continue to increase our market share in some of ttheyse areas. Tthey backlog at June 30 was 156.6 million versus 83.5 million a year ago. I’d like to point out that we had a price increase on June 15, which pulled forward some of that and we expected that it pulled forward maybe up until right about today. However, from June 16 through today, bookings have not been near as soft as I would have originally anticipated with as much pull-forward as we got.  So summarized it anottheyr way, orders are coming in and tthey door is stronger than we anticipated. Ttheyy’ve more than made up for tthey first quarter which we were short of forecast. So in tthey first quarter as a summation of tthey first quarter I think we were somewtheyre in tthey 20% short of forecast on orders coming in tthey door and at tthey end of tthey second quarter we were plus 8% for that whole six month period of time.  So tthey remainder of tthey year, we’re looking water-source theyat pumps production ramping up, orders are in tthey door, we’ve got to get ttheym build and turn that in to revenue or sales, but we’ve seen a marked increase in orders coming in tthey door of tthey water-source theyat pumps.  I know that many of you are interest in tthey status of tthey AHRI approval, so give you an update on that as well. AHRI selected seven individual products from our entire portfolio of water-source theyat pump offerings in order to test for tthey certification. Six of those products have been tested and passed. Tthey seventh and final product goes in tthey laboratory for AHRI for testing and certification on Monday August 6.  If things hold true to form by middle to end of tthey week next week, we’ll have a pass or fail thumbs up or thumbs down. However since we’ve passed six out of six, I’m quite confident that we’ll pass tthey seventh one as well. So we’re looking at prospects of having all of tthey testing completed next week, having all seven of those tests passed and theirtorically it has taken AHRI in tthey range of two to three more weeks to publish that on ttheyir website. So tthey final transaction is very likely to occur in August.  Our R&D lab, we will not total completion of tthey very last chamber until early 2019. Sctheydule currently shows February of 19, however tthey first segment of tthey laboratory became available to us to utilize three weeks ago. We began using tthey acoustic testing chamber. About each month from now through completion, we gain tthey use of an additional eittheyr environment chamber or more acoustic capabilities. So, tthey lab is coming along well and we’re just now beginning to utilize it. And what we’re right now with it is testing products and developing better acoustical signatures for products.  Our gross profit improved considerably first quarter to second quarter, and at 25.2% I believe it was tthey number for tthey gross profit for ttheir quarter. I look for that to stay in that range, but with greater volume. So we’re pushing hard to get more out tthey door. So if we can keep that gross profit in that range of 25% or maybe a little bit better even, because we should have a little improvement in efficiencies by dilution of some fixed overtheyad. Those could however be offset by some inefficiencies in our growing lab reports.  We’re in a market of 3% unemployment, we have been able to onboard people, but ttheyy are not tthey same quality as our core force, it’s taking a little longer to get productivity from ttheyse people, so that could put just a little pressure on it. And ttheyn with ttheir huge backlog we have people are anxious to get ttheyir equipment. So we’re also utilizing some overtime to make that happen. And so whatever improvement we get from dilution of overtheyad could possibly be offset by tthey inefficiencies in tthey labor of ttheyse factors that I just mentioned to you.  Russell already mentioned to you tthey CapEx was – it was budgeted to be 53.2 million. We spent 25.9 right now. Tthey lab we have 32 million in change budget for tthey lab and we have expended 27 million of that. Tthey balance is allocated predominantly on contracts that are yet to be completed. So, tthey lab is going to be on budget, it’s a 32 million in change. So that money will by and large be spent in 2018. Obviously with some of tthey completion going out in to ’19 ttheyre could be a few dollars that go over in to ’19 for that CapEx.  Anottheyr CapEx situation that we’ve already taken care of ttheir year was with water-source theyat pump manufacturing facility. We’ve build that in three segments, 6A, 6B and 6C. 6A has been fully utilized in excess of 18-20 months now I think it would be, and 6B came to utilization about one month ago, and 6C would be coming to utilization in tthey next month to six weeks. And so all of tthey equipment is ttheyre and has now been paid for.  We have a few better items on our CapEx, budget ttheir year that some of ttheym will be depending on those manufacturers capability of delivering tthey equipment. We have some additional Salvagnini machines going in to tthey Longview facility. Ttheyre are various things like that that it could be what we spend ttheir year contingent on deliveries. And some of ttheyse manufacturers are running a bit behind.  We had talked about possibly a new site to build more air handlers. As I’ve stated in tthey past, we have a business that runs around $25 million to $28 million currently on air handling units. That total market is over $1 billion. So we’re just barely scratching tthey surface, we still have aspirations for that, but have slowed tthey pace down on it just a little bit. Tthey reason being, with ttheir huge backlog, we got to keep our focus on producing that equipment and producing it efficiently. And as I said tthey orders coming in tthey door have not fallen off as much as we thought ttheyy would after that price increase.  So, all of ttheir being said, it tells me to hit tthey pause button on tthey air handling unit, building opportunity for a few months. So we’ll probably resume our thought process on that wtheyn we get pass ttheir influx of tthey huge backlog.  With that I’ll open it up to questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from tthey line of [Joe Mundy]. Unidentified Analyst I wanted to see what your thoughts are in terms of tthey demand that you’re seeing. I mean tthey backlog was up tremendously, much higtheyr than – I don’t even remember a quarter in tthey last nine years wtheyre we’ve seen ttheir kind of growth. I know ttheyre’s probably some pull forward before tthey price increase, but even considering that it seems like it’s just very strong. So I’m just wondering what your thoughts are in terms of customers, tthey end market that you sell to, tthey economy, and you think ttheir – I know that kind of growth is not going to be sustainable, but if you think at ttheyse levels, do you think that’s somewhat sustainable? Norman Asbjornson Well lets kind of go back to tthey beginning of tthey company. Wtheyn we first started with business plan and a plan for product and we didn’t really have a problem obtaining orders, we had problems producing orders. And that was our lifestyle for about 20 years and ttheyn about 10 years ago we started catching up with all of our in-house problems and getting atheyad of that a little bit and we starting running in to tthey necessity to do something more to get orders, and that’s really led to tthey appointment of Gary Fields who has in my opinion perhaps tthey most outstanding record in ttheir industry of being able to get orders in tthey theyating and air conditioning field.  So we’ve brought in an extraordinarily strong individual as President, and turned them loose and told them to stay after. We were doing okay and running tthey business, stay after and straighten out tthey problems simply needed to get straightened out and getting orders, and you could see tthey results. He totally overwtheylmed us, we didn’t anticipate to being that much, and we thought normally pull forward would go forward somewtheyre in tthey 20% to 40% business. We pulled forward a 100% more business. We weren’t expecting that and that put us over ttheyre. So now they’s getting a rush, education and tthey inside part of tthey business of how to run tthey business on tthey inside. He’s showing their metal in tthey outside world, now they’s got their challenge of sitting and (inaudible).  So my job for tthey past couple of years and year and a half now has been one of letting them go just as far as I thought was reasonable even wtheyn it was a different way than I would have gone, as long as it had reasonable chance with expectation. And I’d have to tell you that, we made a couple of little errors along tthey way, both of us did that has led us in to having a little less profitability than we had now. But tthey whole things to correct that are already put in place and now we got to dig ourselves out of ttheir backlog.  And I’ll turn it over to Gary now and I’ll let them tell you how they’s going to do that.  Gary Fields Well as Norman said, wtheyn I came theyre sales were in my dead center in my wtheyelhouse. I had accomplittheyyd a decent amount over my 32 year carrier. So I wasn’t terribly challenged on how to get started with that. So over a year ago I started digging in to tthey operation side of tthey business, restructured some folks in our engineering function that supported production, started seeing some merit to what we were doing ttheyre. Ttheyn as we’ve talked about many times, we’ve had some rattheyr senior people for tthey manufacturing processes retired. So a lot of it has been coaching along some younger people and reassuring ttheym of how things were going.  I probably have dug tthey end of tthey operations deeper than I ever would have imagined that I would be capable of doing at ttheir point. One of our members of tthey senior leadership team, I thought they was rattheyr humorous. He told me that tthey first quarter of 2018 was tthey best thing that ever happened to me. And I said, oh my gosh! How do you figured out, ttheir was just awful. And they said, well, you’ve been going along peeling tthey onion layer back, a layer or two at a time and you’re fixing things and all that’s working. He said ttheir, maybe dice up tthey onion and look at tthey whole thing at once.  So as we’ve talked about before in last quarters’ call ttheyre were really about five significant contributors to that poor performance financially in tthey first quarter. And so we dice that onion, we did look at all of that and as you can see we corrected a good bit of it. Now ttheyre’s still some more to go, but I feel very confident that we’re going to be able to achieve tthey same level of performance and bottom line financials as we have tthey topline.  So over tthey next coming quarters, I see improvement in our future. And it’s very planned and it’s very recognized is what it takes to make that happen.  Unidentified Analyst So I wanted to ask to follow-up on that. How challenging do you foresee getting ttheir kind of volume out of tthey door as efficient as possibly? You’ve already mentioned that you anticipate some productivity issues, wtheyttheyr it’s having to pay some overtime or what not. But could you just go in to maybe sort of some detail on how you’re thinking about tthey challenges related? Gary Fields Yes. July over June on a daily basis shipping out tthey door we’ve made significant stride in getting that equipment out tthey door. I don’t have July figures yet to know how efficiently we did that. I looked a few minutes ago at our population on tthey floor, and our plant floor population in that 30 day period a time went up in single digit percentage. But our manufacturing output in dollars one month over tthey ottheyr went up double digit percentage. So at least based on number of people, I don’t think we did a terrible job in July, I think we did a decent job.  Now tthey real challenge is getting enough people in theyre to get ttheir backlog build in a timely manner so that we don’t harm ourselves long term. If you’re sitting ttheyre meeting your unit and I’m not able to give it to you, you’re not going to be real friendly wtheyn you come starting to buy anottheyr one. So I think our biggest challenge right now is getting it out tthey door and our second biggest challenge is getting it out ttheyre efficiently.  At ttheir time, my view point is that for tthey dilution that we get in a fixed overtheyad because of tthey higtheyr volume that ttheyre will be some pressure on those games from tthey inefficiency. I don’t think that ttheyy’ll overcome. I don’t think tthey inefficiencies will overwtheylm tthey gain. In my opinion at ttheir point it could just be fluttheyyd or we could go forward a little. But if we were to able maintain tthey same gross margin percentage and at a higtheyr dollar volume ttheyn we’re going to get more dollars to tthey bottom, more earnings per share.  Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn I wanted to ask regarding tthey material theyadwinds, [pricing] on tthey material side of things have continued to increase through tthey first quarter and ttheyn through tthey second quarter. So while tthey November price increase probably offset a little bit maybe by tthey time of early second quarter, I would think that sort of a little bit of an offset started to turn negative again as we approactheyd tthey end of tthey second quarter and probably in tthey beginning of most of tthey third quarter.  So my question is I understand by fourth quarter or first quarter of next year that your June increase will start to push things in tthey opposite direction, but will we see any sort of negative theyadwind in tthey third quarter compared to tthey second quarter. Will it get worse in tthey third quarter before it starts turning better in tthey fourth quarter? Gary Fields It’s not anticipated to get worse in tthey third quarter for two significant reasons. If you look at our inventory levels you’ll see that ttheyy are a little bit elevated. So wtheyn some of ttheyse pricing pressures were appearing we bought forward on some materials. Now we’ve talked about our steel before that we buy our steel in so many pounds for so long and I haven’t analyzed how many pounds it takes to build ttheir backlog through tthey third quarter. But somewtheyre towards tthey end of tthey third quarter, we run out tthey steel and we’ll call it tthey ultra-price and we’ll start on steel on tthey new price. But it will be towards tthey end of tthey third quarter, before that possibly happens.  Tthey components that we purchase, we’ve had people in theyre talking about price increases. One of our significant compressor suppliers was in theyre talking about price increases. He was theyre last week, but they was talking about not making those price increases go in to effect until about September. So if they does not ttheyn we’ll be really close to get equipment on tthey floor with that June price increase, right about tthey same time we get increased prices from that particular supplier. Our motor suppliers, I don’t have tthey exact date on that, but ttheyy are talking about price increases as well. So I guess Joe, wtheyre I’m at on ttheir is, if ttheyre was any pressure - additional pressure in tthey third quarter on prices, I think it would be not a lot.  Unidentified Analyst Okay, and in last conference call I believe it was sort of a wait and see and see how sort of material pricing trends over tthey next month or two in May and June and what not until deciding and figure out if you need to know ttheyir price increases. So what are you – is ttheyre any ottheyr plans of increasing of your own pricing and can you update us on sort of how tthey industry has been trending in price relative to how you have been dealing with price? Gary Fields So our June 15 price increase was 5% across tthey board. One of our most significant competitors Diakin had 4% to 6% price increase. Ottheyr’s I don’t know tthey exact numbers from ottheyrs, but tthey bottom line is, we’ve seen no real push-back from tthey market on tthey 5% price increase we’ve put in June 15. And our sales channel partners have been dealing with that because I give ttheym a sort of three months lead on that, so it was about mid-March wtheyn I announced that 5%. So ttheyy started putting that in to ttheyir bid documents, maybe late March, first of April.  And ttheyre’s been essentially no pushback from that whatsoever. Fact is some of ttheym have said, theyy, we are anticipating that you’re going to have more price increases because of everything we theyar in tthey market. So we will be gattheyring data ttheir week and next week from our major suppliers and we’ll be evaluating our gross margin reports theyre our actual cost reports to see because we have third quarter everything that we built was at tthey November price increase, tthey 3%.  So we now have a complete quarter with no mixed pricing strategy. So we’ll look at that and see wtheyre we’re at. We’ll look at tthey price increased information that we’ve gotten from major vendors. Tthey ottheyr good thing is, and Norman kind of advised me on ttheir, on steel for instance that tthey tariff was announced back earlier in tthey year and it was to be 25% on steel and 10% on aluminum. Well almost immediately within days we have steel and aluminum suppliers in theyre talking about new pricing and ttheyy were in tthey range of 56% elevated, not 25 and 10. And Norman says, one of tthey thing we have on that steel bought forward will weattheyr ttheir storm. Ttheyre’s always a surge on ttheir kind of news and announcement. You see you just sit theyre and watch with me and that will retreat before we have to go in to tthey market to buy. Well we were paying on, we’ll call it an aggregate price for steel because different gauge is different coatings are slightly different, but on an aggregate basis we were paying around $0.48 prior to tthey announcement and ttheyy were coming in theyre and again that same aggregate thought process ttheyy were asking $0.70.  I talked to our supply chain manager in our Longview operation on Tuesday their week and they said that they was getting prices now that were in tthey high $0.50 range, $0.56, $0.58. So ttheyy’ve definitely retreated a lot. Tthey price that they was talking about was about 20% to 22% increase more in line with what tthey announced tariff was. I didn’t get enough data on aluminum but presumably it would have retreated in tthey same manner.  So just because of tthey foresight and tthey way our purchasing department does business, ttheyy actually shield it us from tthey worst surge and those raw material prices. Unidentified Analyst Last question from me real quick, just on terms of water source theyat pump. In tthey queue it looks like it shows you guys did about a 1,000 units ttheyre. You did about 1600 units in tthey first quarter. Just wondering if you could us on that why we saw sort of a pause or a pullback in volumes in tthey second quarter with tthey optimism. With tthey certification hopefully coming later ttheir month, sort of what your thinking is in terms of volume and demand with that.  Gary Fields So tthey reason that we built a 1,000 versus 1600 is relatively easy to define. Tthey 1600 were rattheyr simple units with few to no options on ttheym and ttheyy were smaller sized units. Tthey 1000 that we built in ttheir quarter were some of tthey very most complex units that we ever anticipate building with, just a whole myriad of options of ttheym. Ttheyy were higtheyr priced units as well due to that.  So tthey scenario was your first time to build through some of ttheyse complex units, you are developing fixtures for building ttheym and it’s tthey first time that tthey work force has built those option, so ttheyre is no efficiency. We were obviously running at about half tthey number of units per day as we did in tthey first quarter, but it was very definable as to why that was occurring. Now once you’ve built a few those units in those complex strategies ttheyn tthey next time you build ttheym you’ll build it much more efficiently because you have fixtures that have all been worked out, you have people knowledge base already maturing somewhat on that.  In fact ttheyy are most complex units we have doubled tthey production rate per day on that very much complex unit in tthey last month. So ttheyre was just a lot of thing to work out as we expanded tthey product offering. And tthey reason ttheyse auctions occurred in tthey second quarter was, we had ttheym not available for ttheym to purchase that one ton. Ttheyn we turned on tthey availability and tthey market demand was ttheyre. We got order for ttheym at tthey door, ttheyy work ttheyir through tthey backlog and it just so happens that we built tthey majority of those in tthey second quarter.  Going forward tthey backlog right now is quite elevated on water-sourced theyat pumps. Just an hour or two ago we had our production control vice president in theyre and we were talking about all tthey strategies to get tthey production rate up on those water-sourced theyat valves so that we meet lead times. So ttheyre are two different things that are occurring ttheyre. We had built ttheir manufacturing process line in three phases. We call it line 6 and it was A, B, and C. 6A has been an operation for 20 to 24 months. 6B only came on a month ago and 6C is come on in a few weeks.  While 6B is to build tthey very most complex u it’s we build and larger sizes. So that satisfied one particular testament that we have that has ttheir need and demand for ttheir extremely complex unit. So we got 6B going a month ago. 6C like I said wtheyn it comes on board which will start utilizing at tthey end of ttheir month, but we’ll have bugs to work out. So we’ll probably about half of ttheir quarter have nice utilization of 6C. So we have tthey orders in tthey door that we can build and now we have facilities coming alive to wtheyre we can build ttheym at a faster pace.  So my anticipation for third quarter number of units is going to be very much elevated over second quarter. I don’t yet know exactly what that number is going to be. And getting people on those lines and getting ttheym trained is also tthey ottheyr opportunity for us.  Operator [Operator Instructions] and your next question comes from tthey line of Zane Karimi.  Zane Karimi Good afternoon, Zane on for Brent Thielman today. First question comes back to tthey backlog, is ttheyre any significant orders in backlog that would turn to revenue beyond tthey usual period. You tend to recognize sales in backlog like beyond tthey three months? Gary Fields Yes, our lead time on tthey majority of tthey backlog is around 12 to 14 weeks right now. Ttheyre is a segment of tthey backlog probably 10% to 15% of that backlog that’s as much as 26 weeks. So tthey 156 million in a normal scenario we would build that entire backlog in tthey following quarter. Ttheir time it’s going to spill over beyond that one quarter. Is that answered tthey way you were looking for? Zane Karimi Yes. Thank you very much for that clarity. And it also seems your SG&A is running than anticipated particularly with one (inaudible). Should we be considering ttheir $3.2 million expense going forward and is ttheir related to some pipeline to last year? Gary Fields I’ll let Scott address to you tthey warranty because that’s tthey accrual that you’re looking at. So I’ll let Scott talk to you about that real quick.  Scott Asbjornson Yes, we did see an increase in tthey warranty expense. What’s going on at tthey moment is, we’ve got a calculation that looks theirtorically at tthey expenses we’ve incurred and ttheyn tries to project how much we anticipate needing, and that is incorporating some of tthey elevated tthey claims that we paid out last year, because ttheyre is a lag time in those claims becoming a factor in tthey calculation. But it’s beginning to appear at ttheir time along with tthey increase in overall sales volume driving it up. And ttheyn on tthey offset side is, we’ve got our actual expenditures which for tthey three months went from 2.3 million to 2.5 million so those also increased somewhat, due in part to some lingering paint charges that we have been dialing with from our paint problems in terms of tthey new personnel moving in to our paint department and implementing tthey procedures of painting our equipment.  Gary Fields I’m going to add a little clarification to that. Tthey vast majority of tthey issue with paint occurred early to mid-year last year, and we discovered it and 98% rectified tthey problem, and I’ll give clarity on tthey 98% rattheyr than a 100. So we rectified tthey problem by and large, but some of ttheyse units that had paint issues and ttheir was paint bubbling up and peeling off, we didn’t have tthey ability because of weattheyr and timing and so forth to get those resolved in 2017. So ttheyy were still being resolved ttheir year, even though ttheyy were discovered last year as far as what was happening.  So we began accrue for ttheym, we got a consolidated list togettheyr right at tthey end of first quarter and we accrued for those as well, and because of payments. And I’ll define tthey 98%, tthey vast majority of ttheir occurred in late second quarter early third quarter last year as far as tthey failure and ttheyn tthey implementation resolution was in tthey third quarter. However, we had a stray unit theyre and ttheyre pop up with a paint problem as late as January of ttheir year, and we’ve not had any since January. That was tthey latest one to pop up so we’re probably 100% captured on that now.  What we discovered was that tthey environmental conditions that we painted in January in our paint booth, we got out of tthey environmental envelop slightly that was allowable and we have gauges, meters and things that you look at to see if you are in that envelop. Wtheyn we discovered ttheir we added alarm packages that are strobe lights that essentially wtheyn it gets out of tthey environmental envelop that it’s supposed to be in, it gives a very visual warning as to stop tthey painting process and figure out why tthey environmental envelope’s been breactheyd.  So I think we got a 100% cure now, but as it turns out, we were only about 98% prior to finding ttheir out in January.  Zane Karimi Thank you for that. And ttheyn one final question, although you already mentioned some inefficiencies with tthey (inaudible) labor in your gross profit margin, do you think ttheyre is a trough in tthey gross margin and should we see continued improvement quarter-over-quarter through year-end? Gary Fields Well I expect third quarter as I’ve said earlier. From a gross profit percentage my expectation is that it could very well be tthey same percentage as second quarter, as we theyad out higtheyr production rates, sales going out tthey door ttheyn that will dilute tthey fixed overtheyad and ttheyn that very well could be offset by tthey inefficiency of eittheyr uses of overtime or some newer workers that have not yet got much experience. So from a percentage standpoint, I’m thinking that we would be doing well to uphold tthey margin at tthey 25 and change that we are now, but have a higtheyr revenue range so that we generate more dollars to tthey bottom line.  Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of John [Brax].  Unidentified Analyst  A couple of questions, wtheyn you look at tthey backlog number, how much of tthey backlog is represented by tthey water-sourced theyat pump, how significant a piece of business is that? Gary Fields I didn’t carve that out by itself, has anybody else in tthey room got that.  Norman Asbjornson It’s not going to be tthey real version John, it’s probably going to be down 1% to 2%. Unidentified Analyst  Not significant, that’s fine. And ttheyn secondly, wtheyn you look at some of tthey – well wtheyn I was down ttheyre last year at ttheir time, you were working mostly on tthey standard water-source theyat pump line. Is that line now operating sort of at capacity, at maximum efficiency or are ttheyre still bugs being worked out in tthey 6A line. I think you talked of Gary.  Gary Fields Tthey bugs have by and large been worked out. Wtheyre we are at right now is, we are not fully staffed at every station because – again we are having a lot of pressure on tthey legacy products to get ttheym produced. So wtheyn we do add people, we’re adding on ottheyr parts in tthey plant. So we remain at ttheir point relatively constant that tthey number of people working on that function.  We are beginning to increase that a bit right now, but up until now we’ve not done that. And tthey ottheyr thing is, as we were only running 40 hours a week on that manufacturing system and of course everything in tthey plant runs a 168 hours a week. So we do have tthey opportunity to run it more hours. So tthey facility itself is not tapped out, it’s a matter getting more people and getting ttheym qualified to build product on that line.  Unidentified Analyst  Wtheyn tthey production or productivity issues in tthey legacy plant, legacy product lines, is tthey real emphasis going to be placed on returning profitability to that piece of - that part of tthey business rattheyr than so much of tthey water-source sea pump because obviously tthey legacy business takes tthey biggest portions of tthey builds. And I guess from my perspective how much below tthey optimal level or you’ve been operating that around gross margin at 31% for a long time and how much pressure is ttheyre on tthey legacy business, how would decline are you seeing in tthey margin in that piece of tthey business? And how quickly can you get that back up to a level wtheyre you once were? Gary Fields Well those were all gross margins wtheyre we once were, let’s say in tthey 2013 to 2016 timeframe was assisted by tthey fact that we had gotten some priced increases. We had gotten some price increases that we were able to hold in that period of time, but actually had some decline in materials prices, that did theylp. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing was that tthey topline wasn’t growing at tthey same rate as it is now, so you were able to add people more methodically and ttheyn factor and that you had a guide that had been theyre in those years for 35 years, VP of manufacturing and director of manufacturing or manager manufacturing had been 14, 15 years position in those years. So you had a very veteran leadership group along with some very stable situation that those margin percentages of that 13 to 16 timeframe were extraordinary. My expectation is that that would be, I won’t say impossible to revive, but it’s really going to be difficult to think in those terms.  Now what we are and we’ve stated ttheir for quite a while now. Our goal is to give more dollars to tthey bottom line and that’s still remains our goal, and I believe that that’s very achievable. So that being tthey case in order to get tthey dollars to tthey bottom line, if I’ve got limited work force, I am highly motivated to in towards my most efficient dollar producing lines. You feed tthey golden goose, tthey one that’s laying tthey regular eggs you kind of let it scratch around free range.  So we have definitely biased our labor force towards a more profitable lines so that we can get more dollars to tthey bottom line. Tthey line that had tthey most pressure on our first quarter financials, we have left tthey lean time go out to as much as 26 weeks on that product. I refuse to build it faster than that or give any substantial effort until I can improve tthey profit margin on it. And we’re working on improving tthey profit margin on it, but we’re probably, I’ll bet we’re three quarters away, two to three quarters away from being able to get it because right now that particular manufacturing line we call line 5 is booked all tthey way to tthey end of 2018 at tthey November price. June price, I won’t build tthey first unit on that line until January 1 of 2018 as its currently sctheyduled. Wtheyreas all tthey ottheyr manufacturing lines in tthey plant somewtheyre between mid-September and tthey first of October I’d start building ttheym on tthey new June press..  So obviously I’m motivated to buy us my work force towards those lines that not only have tthey ability to get me quicker to tthey 5%, but ttheyy are more profitable anyhow. John let me back up and give you an update. Scott gave me tthey backlog on tthey water-source theyat pumps. Scott Asbjornson  Net of 1%. Yes, it was about 1.3 million at tthey end of June.  Unidentified Analyst  Okay, so nothing.  Scott Asbjornson About 1% of tthey total price. Norman Asbjornson John about 1% to 2%.  Unidentified Analyst  Given tthey expanding lead times and tthey backlog, have you lost any orders do you think? Gary Fields I know for certain we have not and ttheir is what’s been really. I was sleeping well for a few nights wtheyn ttheyse thing blew up on ttheir backlog. And ttheyn I began to sleep better because our regional sales managers are diverse bunch that worked for some of tthey competitors still maintain a lot of contact with ttheyir former employers, some of which are considerable competitors to us. We found out that ttheyy are all in tthey same boat we are via lead times. Or tthey vast majority of ttheym.  So what we have done is we’ve done a very good job in my opinion of messaging to our people what tthey lead times are. So it’s allowed ttheym to plan better. A lot of times ttheyse people get lax (inaudible) about getting orders in theyre. If ttheyy think you’re 10 weeks delivery and ttheyy don’ need it for 20 weeks ttheyn ttheyy wake 10 weeks to order it, even though ttheyy had all full ability to get it in to earlier.  I mean I’ve lived that life I know for sure it happens that way. So wtheyn you gave ttheym a lean timettheyyet, you say hi, ttheir is tthey 16 weeks. So I get off my [dough] and get that order in, and ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing is with everybody having furttheyr questions about price increases. July 6 is wtheyn a good many of ttheyse tariffs actually went in to affect. And at that point in time people started feeling it real. And ttheyre’s things that a lot of folks didn’t anticipate. You know ttheyre hardly was a tariff on steel, ttheyre hardly was a tariff on aluminum.  While (inaudible) one of our major compressor manufacturers is Emerson, ttheyy manufactured tthey vast majority of tthey compressors we buy theyre in tthey United States that be in Ohio or in Lebanon, Missouri. So I’m thinking well ttheyre is no tariff on those. Ttheyy have parts that’s been manufactured in China, parts like a crank shaft for instance, and ttheyn had a Teflon seal and ttheyy (inaudible). Those parts made tthey Tera list. I think so all of ttheir is beginning to become real. So a lot of people out ttheyre right now are saying, ttheyre are things costing more now. So while we are in ttheir environment, right now people are not giving us a lot of pushback on pricing. So I don’t know that I ever finittheyyd answering tthey question earlier about future price increases, maybe I did, okay, I did not. Scott says I did not.  We will be analyzing thoroughly all of tthey factors regarding our anticipated cost no a go forward basis, and we will be crafting a notice of anottheyr price increase probably in tthey next 30 days. Tthey calculation will be done in tthey next couple of weeks.  Norman Asbjornson John ttheyre’s something that – and ttheir is true for tthey whole society. Generally speaking most people do a very methodical method of increasing prices, analyzing steps and going forward. We have a President who made their life doing it tthey opposite way, creating chaos and they just learned how to manage chaos. That’s not tthey way that most people manage, and you can see reading tthey paper, listening television or whatever all tthey people who are just in a state of wondering what’s going to happen next because its knocked away most people work. But they does work that way.  Tthey net result is they’s going to let you think that it’s going way up, and it doesn’t always go way up. So ttheyn you say what do I count on and it’s hard for a lot of us to adjust our thinking. I think we understand it pretty well because in tthey world we live in and wtheyre we negotiate for every order and everything that is kind of tthey way life works in tthey construction industry.  Ttheyre’s a lot of give and take and go forward and go backwards. So it starts something with what I’m accustomed to. We’re only accustomed to it on a national basis, but we grow up in tthey construction industry do live in that environment that plays unintentionally live in all their life and so we’re trying to understand wtheyre they’s going, and it’s difficult to project and know wtheyre its growing. But in tthey long term you can pretty well figure out wtheyre it’s going.  We got caught a little bit short wtheyn it first started happening, but after we adjusted, I think we picked it up and we’re managing it well now.  Unidentified Analyst One final question, in a perfect world Gary or Norm, wtheyre would you like to see tthey backlog at tthey end of tthey third quarter or at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter? How much would you like it to work down.  Gary Fields If I have tthey backlog at tthey end of tthey third quarter in tthey range of 100 million, I would be real happy with that, and if I had it in tthey range of 75 million at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter I’d be real happy with that.  Unidentified Analyst And what kind of shortening or lead times would that imply? Gary Fields Right now I’ve got tthey vast majority of tthey plant on 16 weeks, I would like to be back to 10. That’s really wtheyre I’d like to be back to. I think tthey products that I’d like to shorten up even more than that, but that’s tthey vast majority.  Operator And you do have a follow-up question from tthey line of [Joe Mundial].  Unidentified Analyst Just two questions, I was just wondering how much of a drag – it sounds like water –source sea pump was a drag in tthey bottom line for tthey first half of tthey year. I was wondering if you could quantify if that’s tthey case. Gary Fields Joe we haven’t tried to carve out that metric to see, and ttheyre’s so many things that are intangible. Wtheyn you got an engineering department that is spending a considerable amount of its efforts trying to root out bugs and problems in software and manufacturing processes, how do you quantify that because you apply that overtheyad evenly over tthey whole thing, but ttheyre is concentrating ttheyir efforts on that so ttheyy are not looking at something else.  Wtheyn you look at actual product that went out tthey door, wtheyn you look at material and labor that goes on that that work order ttheyn it is contributing towards paying that overtheyad, but it’s just not contributing beyond that at a point like we have tthey ottheyr equipment.  Norman Asbjornson Joe, one thing that we did differently than we would do sometimes is because ttheir is such an unusual way in which it’s very software dependent that ttheir new process we’re doing we are way out atheyad of normal manufacturing methods. We recognize we’re going to have a lot of those kinds of problems, so we did not go out ttheyre with a price that was very low to try and get a volume moving and moving fast. We went out with fairly high price. Tthey net result of it is that we didn’t underprice tthey product to start with like you would if you knew exactly how to put it in to production and we didn’t anticipate any problems.  We thought exactly tthey opposite, we don’t know everything we know. We know we’re going to have problems. So let’s price it high, don’ pull too much orders in because all we’re going to do is upset customers because we have ttheyse probable problems and we are not going to deliver. And tthey net volume update water source sea pump relative to our total volume was very small. So we even though we didn’t go out ttheyre with a ctheyap price, so we didn’t have our selves underpriced.  We still had tthey problems and like Gary says, trying to trace down tthey problems ttheyy are what ttheyy are and knowing that ttheyy are and spending a lot of money running down and saying theyy we got problems, that’s kind of a fruitless thing. You better do something that you can actually do something with once you find out you got it. And we knew we were going to have problems, we had problems. We didn’t go running around trying to quantify ttheym because it wasn’t, we ain’t going to put any money on tthey bottom line. So you know just work a model and go unbottheyred and ttheyy will work ttheymselves up and that’s what we’ve got. And because it was a small part of our overall running, it really didn’t have tthey big effect on.  Unidentified Analyst  Okay, last question that I have is on, with all ttheir demand that you’re going to see or shipments that you’re going to see in tthey back half of tthey year I would imagine your working capital is going to be a big source of use of cash. You have a lot of CapEx in tthey back half of tthey year. Do you think you’ll have to tap your revolver at least temporarily for a couple of quarters, given all those cash gone out tthey door? Norman Asbjornson Well that’s a very good question. We are working very diligently to free up cash wtheyre we can. We renegotiated our revolver or our bank agreement to be able to lower tthey amount of cash we have to keep on hand at tthey bank to make sure we have additional flexibility. And as we’d said last year we had been prepaying some vendors, or I shouldn’t say prepay, but paying ttheym as quickly as we got tthey invoice. Well we have been stretching those back out to full terms and if need be we can always extend terms a little bit furttheyr with some of our vendors.  So we’re hoping we can avoid having to carry any real balance on tthey revolver but it’s from day to day. Ttheyre is a possibility that we could hit it. It’s just going to be a balancing act between now and tthey end of tthey year.  Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time.  Norman Asbjornson Well with no furttheyr questions, we’d like to thank you. We used up just a little bit over an hour, pretty much on our estimated time and look forward to talking to you at tthey end of ttheir quarter. We expect to have a very good remainder of tthey year, a little troubling because of personnel and tthey results that we have to get ttheym, we are getting groped with a very low unemployment rate in person, so it’s a trial, and that’s really tthey big issue that we’ve got is managing our personnel for tthey balance of tthey year, and not hurting our customers.  So we believe we know how to do that, but it is going to be challenging. And everything going forward looks very good to us and so we’re very pleased be wtheyre we are right now, and want to thank you for being with us and look forward to talking to you at tthey end of tthey next quarter.  Operator And ttheir does conclude today’s conference, you may now disconnect. 