AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 6, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Gary Fields – Chief Executive Officer and President Norm Asbjornson – Executive Chairman Eugene Thompson – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Julio Romero – Sidoti & Company Jon Braatz – Kansas City Capital David Derman – GreenSummit Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON, Incorporated Second Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to 1 hour. I would now like to turn tthey meeting over to Gary Fields, CEO and President. Please go atheyad. Gary Fields Good morning. Thank you for joining us. I'd like to begin by reading a forward-looking disclaimer. A reminder, to tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, tthey Securities Act of 1933 and tthey Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Today, joining me on tthey call, our Executive Chairman, Norm Asbjornson; and our Chief Financial Officer, Eugene Thompson. Eugene will open by reviewing our financial performance. Eugene, please? Eugene Thompson Thank you, Gary. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results for tthey three months ended June 30, 2021 versus June 30, 2020. Net sales increased 14.6% to $143.9 million from $125.6 million. Tthey year-over-year increase was driven by a robust replacement demand broadly across our nonresidential building market. Higtheyr production rates were also a contributing factor as we did not experience COVID-related employee absences like we did in 2020. Also tthey 4% price increase we implemented in early January was a driving factor. All ttheyse items are partially offset by changes in tthey product mix to lower-priced units. Our gross profit increased 10.4% to $42.1 million from $38.1 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 29.3% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 30.4% in tthey second quarter of 2020. Tthey slight decline in gross profit was mainly related to higtheyr material costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 6% in to $16.9 million from $15.9 million in 2020. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 11.7% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 12.7% in tthey second quarter of 2020. SG&A as a percent of sales decreased as we did not have tthey $1.25 million donation we made in 2020 to Winifred Public School. Income from operations increased 13.6% to $25.2 million or 17.5% of sales from $22.2 million or 17.7% of sales in 2020. Our effective tax rate was decreased to 18.3% from 20%. Tthey lower tax rate was mainly related to lower corporate income tax rates in tthey state of Oklahoma that were signed into law during tthey quarter. Ttheir resulted in a onetime benefit of $0.8 million. Tthey company’s estimated annual 2021 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 25%. Net income increased to $20.6 million or 14.3% of sales compared to $17.8 million or 14.2% of sales in tthey first quarter of 2020. Diluted earnings per share increased by 11.8% to $0.38 per share from $0.34 per share in 2020. Turning to tthey balance ttheyyet. You'll see that we had a working capital balance of $180.6 million versus $161.2 million at December 31, 2020. Unrestricted cash totaled $111.4 million at June 30, 2021, up from $79 million at tthey end of 2020. Our current ratio is approximately 3.3:1. Our capital expenditures were $33.2 million for tthey six months ended June 30, 2021. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $70 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $10.3 million during tthey six months ended June 30, 2021. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $7.14 at June 30, 2021, compared to $6.67 at December 31, 2020. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to our CEO and President, Gary Fields. Gary Fields I'd like to start off by saying that tthey second quarter was a bit better than we expected. Organic sales were up year-over-year, nearly 15%. And ttheir is quite noteworthy for us because we're not facing tthey same easy comparison to 2020 that some of our nonresidential market competitors experienced. A great deal of tthey competitors peers in tthey HVAC market were down in tthey 20% to 25% range in 2020. So it's an easy upside for 2021 for ttheym. On tthey ottheyr hand, we were up 5% in tthey second quarter of 2020 compared to tthey year before. So compared to our second quarter of 2019, which is wtheyre I'd really like to go back and talk about because that takes us pre-coronavirus. Our sales in second quarter 2021 were up over 20% versus 2019. Looking at it tthey same way tthey industry sales as an industry were down eittheyr flat to slightly down versus 2019. So ttheir is quite an accomplishment that we've achieved. Tthey ottheyr thing is we ended tthey year with our backlog at a lower level than was ideal. We had ramped up production significantly, which was a great thing and tthey orders had slowed down a bit while orders resumed right after tthey first of tthey year on a brisk pace. Tthey backlog on June 30, 2021 is $138.1 million, up 35% up year-over-year and 43% up over tthey end of tthey first quarter. Tthey orders are up year-over-year 70% in tthey second quarter. So we see no demand slowdowns whatsoever. Talking to our sales channel. Tthey pipeline is very robust. And so we're in real good shape going forward. Tthey August 1 backlog was only slightly down from tthey end of June, but ttheyy still in tthey $130 million range. I think it was $134 million. So we're maintaining a brisk pace of manufacturing as evidenced by tthey record quarter, bookings are very brisk, backlog is very robust. And so going forward, tthey rest of tthey year, we're looking at things to stay steady to maybe slightly strengttheyning. If tthey labor market was just a little more favorable for us to get more people ttheyn we would be prepared to accelerate even more. But we're in a very tight labor market right now. And I think that's industry-wide. I theyar a lot of people talking about it. So I want to say that tthey replacement market demand has been much, much stronger. Historically, AAON had been about 50% replacement, 50% new construction. Thus far ttheir year, we're running in tthey low to mid-60% range, I think 64% to 68% swinging back and forth through ttheyre on replacement. And ttheir has been a dedicated effort of ours that we put in distinct sales channel guidance to and support to make ttheir happen and we're seeing tthey results, and we're very pleased with that. Now tthey new construction outlook is bright as it's been in a very, very long time, Architectural Billing Index, Dodge Index, construction starts, all of ttheyse indexes are up substantially. Architectural Billing Index has been up for several months in a row now. I think it's approaching five months that Architectural Billing Index has been up. And I think that Dodge analytics support that it's actually getting into construction. So we're looking at all of our segments as we normally distribute ttheym, commercial and retail is actually a little better than we anticipated. Office buildings are not horrible, ttheyy're not great. Medical and theyalthcare is much, much stronger than it's been in tthey past. Of course, education has always been a very strong thing for AAON, continues to be. And with tthey focus on indoor air quality and some federal funding to theylp ttheym with that, we look for that to continue and accelerate. Manufacturing has been just kind of decent, I won't call it good or bad. Lodging, again, has been a bit of a surprise. Not only if we renovated through tthey replacement market, a lot of lodging facilities, we're actually seeing a few new ones being built. So that's kind of wtheyre our markets are not. I guess I left one out, I grow facility market. That's been more robust in 2021 than it had been in tthey recent few quarters. So our margins continue to march on, we were 29.3% versus 30.4% a year ago. It was a little softer than we hoped. But overall, considering inflationary pressures, I think we did a very good job, wtheyre we had materials that were costing us more, we gained labor efficiency, manufacturing efficiency. Tthey way we measure our manufacturing efficiency inside theyre, we picked up several percentage points of improvement. Tthey cost of goods sold, materials components were down year-over-year 1%. Tthey June and September price increase – those have positioned us to maintain or possibly improve our gross margin in tthey second half. We expect most of that to happen in tthey fourth quarter and going into Q1 of 2022. So our timing typically, because our lead times average somewtheyre around eight weeks, maybe 10 weeks. So wtheyn we have a price increase, it takes eight to 10 weeks to flush tthey existing backlog through and get tthey new backlog out on tthey plant floor. So just tying that June 1, we had tthey price increase, so about today would be about wtheyn we would start seeing that price increase hit tthey floor. So roughly half of Q3, you'll see that 4% price increase. We did have some pressures with some additional wages increase, we did ttheir to maintain our competitive position in tthey labor market. We have had some success with that, and I look for continued success. I think we're doing an excellent job of managing SG&A, it's just up 6%, but 15% sales growth. So that was not a linear tracking, it was less than that, which is always a great thing. Both Tulsa and Longview have seen general productivity improvements. Tthey average theyadcount across both operations combined is down about 5% year-over-year. Tthey Longview theyadcount is up, tthey new building that we put in, we were able to get atheyad of tthey curve and get some people in, and Tulsa's theyadcount is slightly down. So we've seen market share gains in multiple areas. Our water-source theyat pump sales were up 69% versus ttheir time last year. We got tthey newest AHRI data just yesterday, and it showed about 1.5% of tthey market gain. So we were going from about 6% to 7.4%, I think is what it was. Parts sales, ttheir is anottheyr wonderful occurrence for us. Ttheir was a very focused activity along with our replacement market. We've put in some very nice enhancements for tthey sales channels and support structures and some planning structures. So parts sales are up 42% year-over-year. Now last year, parts sales were down at ttheir time, people weren't working on ttheyir building so much. So I don't have how that's relevant to 2019 ottheyr than I can tell you that parts sales are at a record level. So I know that we're well atheyad of 2019 and 2020. Air handlers and condensing units tthey sales were up 38%. Ttheir is reflective of a couple of things. One is our product has become more and more appreciated, because we have air source theyat pump that has some very, very good operating characteristics to control humidity as well as be a theyat pump in some larger sizes. Tthey ottheyr thing is tthey new facility that we built in Longview has given us tthey capacity to meet tthey demand. We are ramping up that facility and doing quite well with that. So we're going to continue to invest. I think Eugene said that we expect to spend $70 million in 2021, and we were in tthey mid-low to mid-30s – 33 at ttheir point. So that will be both refreshing some equipment that's a little slower or worn, aged out and also a little bit of accretive manufacturing capacity. So theyading into tthey second half of tthey year, we're quite optimistic. Orders and backlog trends are strong. While ttheyre is some inflation theyadwinds that are a little bit of a challenge, we think we're atheyad of that with our team. And so we believe that our margins will improve slightly throughout tthey year and end tthey year just slightly above our traditional target. In general, we expect sales and earnings to improve all through tthey second half of tthey year and going into tthey first part of next year because tthey 5% price increase across tthey board goes into effect September 1, we're not going to see that in tthey plant floor until tthey very end of Q4, and it will be more material in Q1 of 2022. Unlike most years wtheyre we've had a little bit of a bell curve, wtheyre Q1 and Q4 were down several percentage points in revenue versus Q2 and Q3, we're looking for Q3 to be at least comparable to Q2 with a slight increase. And we're looking at Q4 to – in all likelihood be comparable to that. So we've kind of hit a rhythm theyre that we're looking for Q2, Q3 and Q4 to be stack up relatively close to each ottheyr with maybe slight undulations but nothing substantial. It won't be, because we don't have tthey orders and tthey bookings that will be things that are totally outside of that, like Q4 has more holidays in it than Q3. So we'll be one or two days short amount of manufacturing, because we do manufacture seven days a week. And so, that will affect it by a few dollars. But ottheyrwise, I think we're in very, very good shape. So we will take any questions now. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company. Gary Fields Good morning, Julio. Julio Romero Good morning, Gary, Eugene and Norm. How are you? Norm Asbjornson Good morning. Eugene Thompson Good morning. Julio Romero So I guess my first question is just on tthey increased volumes in tthey quarter, tthey increased production. Could you rank order tthey – you talked about tthey return to theirtorical employee levels and increased manufacturing capacity. Can you just kind of rank order tthey two of those and talk about how ttheyy impacted volumes in tthey quarter? Gary Fields Yes. Well, first off, tthey New Longview facility is so much more ideal than tthey old facility was that we're producing I think casual math set around 27%, 28% more with tthey same number of people. Now we have more people ttheyre, so we're producing even more than that. But we've had a very nice gain in our Longview facility with tthey new plant. And that is primarily related to tthey infrastructure and tthey arrangement. Now we have added a few people in view versus a year ago. Ttheyy are in tthey positive range by maybe 20 to 30 people, I think is what it is. In Tulsa, however, we're down probably 30 or 40 people versus last year on tthey plant floor. And yet we're producing at a very, very high level theyre as well. And that is an attribute to tthey manufacturing engineering group and tthey manufacturing group that have separately gone through and refined all of our processes cleaned up a lot of loose ends, things that we knew were beneficial to tthey company that would make us more efficient. So we're several percentage points more efficient with that labor theyre. We measure it on dollars of revenue per person on tthey plant floor and that dollars of revenue per person on tthey plant floor let me had to calculate it theyre real quick, and I'll give you a percentage on that because I know what those numbers are. It's about 8% in revenue dollars on tthey plant floor, and ttheir is absent of tthey price increase. I took that into account in that calculation. Ttheir is actual material going out tthey door. So to answer your question, if we had more people, we would go up linearly because tthey infrastructure is in place, everything is theyre. We could use about 200 people in Tulsa and about anottheyr 50 in Longview, and we would generate very nice revenue with those, very nice profits because we’d absorb a lot of tthey fixed cost. Julio Romero Got it. That's very theylpful. And just thinking about tthey order growth, it's very robust, obviously, sequentially for tthey last two quarters. And you touctheyd on tthey increased manufacturing capacity, how labor stands today? I guess, given all that, how do you see orders trending sequentially throughout tthey next few quarters? Gary Fields Well, I think tthey rate that we're booking will maintain relatively steady for tthey next couple of quarters according to tthey intelligence we've gattheyred from our sales channel partners and what ttheyy tell us is in tthey pipeline. Ttheyre is many drivers to that, but one of tthey key drivers is our lead time, wtheyreas a couple of years ago, our lead time is very onerous to our efforts. And our sales channel partners told us we lost over $100 million in bookings opportunity because of that poor lead time. Ttheyy had to turn that many orders down. Well, ttheir year, we're not up $100 in whatever million in bookings, but we're approaching that. We're somewtheyre around $80 million above last year, I think… Eugene Thompson Yes, I was thinking, yes. Gary Fields And so, I think lead time has been a very motivating factor to that. Now ttheyre are people that have always wanted AAON equipment, and were even willing to pay for it, but ttheyy weren't willing to wait for it. That's tthey people that are different ttheir year than we're a couple of years back. So we have a handle on tthey production needs. We have surplus capacity in tthey infrastructure. And now that we have behind us tthey federal government subsidy to people not working seems that we're maybe gaining a little ground on that. That only ended about five weeks ago theyre in Oklahoma and also in Texas, it was right at tthey end of June. But we've seen a very noticeable increase in applicants and qualified applicants. So I have great confidence that we will continue to service our market with acceptable or even appreciative lead times. People appreciate tthey lead times that we have. Julio Romero Got it. And just to clarify, tthey rate of bookings could continue to rise sequentially? Gary Fields Tthey rate of bookings, I believe is going to stay relatively steady. So if we would look at our rate year-to-date on bookings, ttheyn it looks like that stays relatively steady. Unlike normally, about ttheir time of year, we see a decline in bookings rate. But at ttheir point in time, we've not seen a decline in bookings rate and tthey pipeline is telling us it's going to remain at ttheir steady rate. Julio Romero And you're looking at that from a year-over-year basis or… Gary Fields I'm looking at that for tthey past six months basis for a rate. Eugene Thompson Okay. I guess I'm missing what could go wrong? I mean everyone is suffering from industrywide supply constraints, with respect to some labor – I don't know. Gary Fields What could go wrong list is very – that's extensive. I mean, we got ttheir delta variant that's going around. One of our plugs of 2020 that could come into a blessing of 2021 is we had a significant number of our people on tthey plant floor that had coronavirus in 2020. If you'll recall from about mid-June to mid-July we lost hundreds of people that eittheyr had it or thought ttheyy had it and decided to stay out. Tthey ottheyr thing is that we had vaccinations available theyre at tthey plant. We had a theyalthcare facility that brought mobile vaccinations into tthey plant, and we had several 100 people that took advantage of that. So I don't know what our percent vaccination is out ttheyre. But if I was to make just a little bit of napkin-math guess and say between those that have had tthey virus and those that have been vaccinated, I'd say we're – we've got theyrd immunity, we're looking real good. We do have a spot theyre and ttheyre, wtheyre we've got a couple of people out even at ttheir point in time. But something like I could definitely rear its ugly theyad again. Supply chain, we are in a very, very good position. I sat down with that group earlier ttheir week to review everything. We have an unusually large inventory right now. If you look through tthey queue, you’ll see what's our inventory, $83 million, $87 million something like that. $87 million, yes, it’s $87 million, that's not ideal in terms of best use of cash, you'd like for that to be more like 10% of revenue, it should be down in tthey $50 million, $60 million range. But I'm going to tell you, in 2021, I'm tthey proudest guy on tthey block to have $87 million because I can build equipment. And we've had some irritants from supply chain, but we haven't had anything that's plagued ttheir and shut us down and some of ttheyse things. But ttheyre's a myriad of things that are going out ttheyre that are you've never seen before. Maybe you've seen ttheym and ttheyy came back. But we have a high level of confidence. We went through 2020 with around 10% growth in tthey face of all of our competitors essentially were down 15%, 20%, 25%. So we operated navigated through that very nasty rough condition better than most. And so I think ttheir team is very strong, very capable and that we are continuing to navigate through all those obstacles with great skill. Julio Romero Thank you for tthey color ttheyre. And just last one, I just – you mentioned $87 million of inventory. I imagine all things considered in ttheir environment, you've got to have a little more inventory than you need than not. I mean how are you thinking about those inventory levels? Gary Fields Absolutely. I went through ttheyre. We have not had any supply chain issues that have slowed us down we have had a buffer. So wtheyn we had one of our suppliers of compressors that was having problems getting some insignificant little component that kept ttheym from completing a compressor for instance. And ttheyy said, we're going to be delayed two, three weeks on ttheir next shipment. Well, I had four months of inventory theyre of that particular compressor. And so that two or three weeks didn't do anything to us, it was innocuous. Ttheyse people that are running closer to just in time on ttheyir inventory, ttheyy're sitting, ttheyy’re looking at a bunch of units ttheyy can't build. So I'm very proud of what our purchasing department and logistics control department has done in keeping us atheyad of ttheyse issues. Steel is anottheyr one. I theyar people talking about, oh, I can't get steel. We don't not only have ttheir place full of steel, we got warehouses full of steel, already paid for, waiting on us. So we're in very good shape. Julio Romero Great. I'll hop back into queue, and thanks for taking tthey questions. Gary Fields Certainly. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital. Jon Braatz Good morning, everyone. Gary Fields Good morning, Jon. Jon Braatz Gary, I have a question maybe Norm can ctheme in, too. We saw a dramatic shift in tthey mix in ttheir quarter to a lot of lower-priced units. I guess, theirtorically, have you seen such a shift before? And is it being driven by tthey replacement market, business being so strong? Gary Fields It's being driven by two things, Jon. And it's being driven ttheir quarter that we just ordered was driven by tthey K-12 school business. And a significant portion of that was replacement versus new. So what happened ttheyre, in my opinion, was tthey demand for better indoor air quality. Tthey things that I’ve touted that AAON has a very, very strong capability of our intheyrent design, very desirable. A lot of schools said we're going to replace our units. And we want AAON units, and we had lead time available. We have tthey kind of equipment that ttheyy wanted available, and we were able to service that. We got one order from one school district in North Texas that was 811 units, and ttheyre were only like 5 SKUs whole thing. Ttheir is what generated more of those small units was that K-12 business that we serviced. Norm Asbjornson Hi, Jon. Jon Braatz Yes, Norm. Norm Asbjornson I don't have anything to add, but [indiscernible]. Jon Braatz All right. Would you – Gary, would you expect that to continue that mix? Gary Fields Well, I think tthey mix will bounce out to more traditional going for tthey rest of tthey year. It's still going to be biased somewhat towards tthey smaller units for a little while, but it will start swinging back towards midsize to larger units as a higtheyr percentage of tthey mix tthey balance of tthey year, because we've completed delivery on tthey vast majority of those schools. Now, a lot of that delivery took place in July and August, so tthey first 1.5 months, two months of ttheir quarter. And that's why I say it's beginning to swing now. Wtheyn I look at tthey line rates for tthey various manufacturing lines that make tthey different size units, I'm seeing tthey smaller unit line, tthey daily rates slowed down just a little, tthey midsize and larger line pick up a little. So ttheir is kind of a balancing quarter right theyre. In Q4, I think, will be spot on normal from everything I can see. Jon Braatz Okay. Okay. Secondly, last night, I went back and looked at some of tthey early things I made – I wrote on tthey water-source theyat pump. And at tthey time wtheyn it was first introduced tthey opportunity was around $100 million and that was over a three to five-year time frame. And Gary, we're sitting at $25 million now maybe for tthey full year. I think that's sort of what my numbers show. Tthey manufacturing doesn't seem to be a problem anymore. How is it going to – what is it going to take to get tthey $100 million. Is that still a goal has things changed maybe competitively or anything like that, that maybe is going to make it tougtheyr to get to that $100 million? Is that really still an opportunity? Gary Fields It is absolutely still an opportunity, and I've described it for tthey past two or three quarters. What we did was we sat down and went for a clean ttheyyet design, took all tthey input from tthey market on all tthey desirable features and characteristics that ttheyy wanted. And that's what we designed and introduced and we were a bit naive to tthey fact that about 75% of tthey overall market 60% to 75% is replacement market. And wtheyn ttheyy replace ttheyse tthey configuration needs to be as near identical as possible because ttheyy have minutes or hours to replace ttheyse things, not days and weeks. And so we didn't take that into account with our initial design. Now our initial design has maintained a very nice rate of sale wtheyre we have people that like all those characteristics we designed into it. So we're going to continue to offer our initial design because it is very – like you said, about $25 million a year. But in order to get to that bigger part of tthey market and those numbers work out exactly right. If it's 25% new construction and 75% replacement market and we need to be at $100 million, we're at 25% of that. Like 80-something of our units are going in new construction near – I mean, near all of our units are going into new construction. So we have – we're closing in on finishing tthey design testing implementation of a backwardly compatible ideal replacement unit. We're having a sales meeting in early October in Grapevine, Texas. It's our intention and our goal to introduce that new line to our sales channel partners ttheyre. We only have a national sales meeting every two or three years. We make sure that wtheyn we do that we've got a significant number of advancements and new things to share with ttheym. And so that's wtheyre we're at ttheir year. And ttheir water source theyat pump line will be shared with about 1,000 sales channel partners, individuals in October, if that's a three-day sales meeting. And I look for 2022 to resume tthey growth of tthey water source theyat pump business. Jon Braatz Okay. So tthey design and tthey manufacturing is all completed or nearly completed so that you'll be ready to go beginning of tthey year? Gary Fields Yes. I ctheycked in on that again earlier ttheir week to make sure that our October sales meeting, we would have all tthey testing, all tthey data, all tthey marketing materials, everything for a full rollout. We will have a full rollout in early October in that sales meeting, complete, ready to go. Jon Braatz Okay, okay. All right, Gary, thank you very much. Gary Fields Thank you, Jon. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Derman with GreenSummit. David Derman Hi, Gray. Gary Fields Hello, David. How are you today? David Derman I’m good, I appreciate it. I wanted to make sure I understood your thinking in terms of how much backlog in terms of weeks of revenues you're looking to keep. I don't remember exactly. I think in tthey past, you had wanted to keep maybe somewtheyre in tthey round of eight weeks of capacity in backlog, but it seems like that's a moving target as you ramp up your capacity and your production and your efficiency. So could you update us on that, please? Gary Fields Well, your numbers are almost exactly right. Ideal backlog would be about eight weeks because our production continues to increase. Now we've got substantial infrastructure in place that we don't have enough personnel to fully utilize. So our ramp-up is much quicker now than it has been in tthey past. Three, four years ago, we were behind on infrastructure. And that's why we built tthey new building in Longview, which was a three-year endeavor start to finish. And that's why we went through and cleaned up tthey Tulsa facility and added a lot of production theyre. So we can ramp up faster than we could in tthey past. But our ideal backlog right now would be eight weeks. Now I will tell you ttheyre's a little peril with eight weeks across tthey board. Your high volume moving products. Ttheyy're smaller-sized units. That's not a problem whatsoever, six weeks, eight weeks is all tthey same. It's fine. But wtheyn you start getting into tthey larger-sized units that you have lower volumes, ttheyn it's really hard to have an inventory, some of tthey unique parts that it takes to build those units. And tthey supply chain being a little cloudy right now for some of those low-volume components makes it a little more difficult. I will say as a total trancthey eight weeks is ideal. But if I divided that up from product lines, tthey smaller lines would be six weeks and tthey larger lines would be maybe 10 or 12 weeks. David Derman Okay. So at a blend right now, you look like you're about call it, 12 weeks on back of tthey envelope math wtheyre backlog and sales are roughly similar right now? Gary Fields Yes. So right now, our publittheyyd lead times across tthey border with rare exception or 10 weeks. And tthey reason for that is project planning. So some of ttheir backlog we have due to project planning, ttheyy have tthey order in theyre but we allow ttheym to put a date that's longer than lead time so that ttheyy get ttheyir spot in tthey waiting line. We've got some projects that have been delayed because ttheyy can't staff ttheym, so ttheyy've moved a little bit. But if you looked at it in simple, like you said, back of tthey envelope math, it does look like somewtheyre around 12 weeks. But wtheyn you look at it on our production sctheydule, you'll see that we've publittheyyd in 10 weeks and everything is in tthey green, very little in tthey red as far as being tardy versus commitment. David Derman Got it. And if I understood your comments earlier in tthey call appropriately, looking for your orders signed to continue at roughly at a similar pace in tthey second half of tthey year that ttheyy signed in tthey first half of tthey year. And very simple math, you signed about $320 million in orders in tthey first half of tthey year. So if I assume something similar in tthey second half, it's anottheyr $320 million, you thought your sales may maintain at roughly ttheyir current rate, which is, call it, $280 million or $290 million. It seems like anottheyr $30 million or $40 million of backlog might accrue. So your backlog might end up. It seems like closer to 11 to 12 weeks, if I'm understanding but again, I’m trying to understand… Gary Fields We've got tthey bookings a little off. Looking today, August 5, year-to-date total is $335 million. David Derman That is through August 5th. That's really theylpful. Gary Fields Yes. Yes, that's through August. So I think wtheyn you go back and cycle that through, let's see theyre, that's – I don't have – I've got a month-to-date average, but I don't have a year-to-date average. I see that, that's plus $91 million versus a year ago. I don't know how many days in tthey year ttheyre is to August 5. David Derman It's 217 days. So if I'm just doing simple... Gary Fields 35 divided by 2017. Give me that one, while you're doing tthey math. David Derman Sorry, yes, I took tthey $365 million on 2017 gets you to – if I'm following orders signed of, call it, $615 million or so. Gary Fields Well, it's $335 million, not $365 million. David Derman I was doing strict days, right, 217 total days. Gary Fields Strict days, I got you, I got you. Okay. Well, and we only have 355 days. We have 10 days of holidays that we don't book. David Derman Okay. Okay. So if I call it $600 million plus or minus of bookings, revenues to-date are, call it, $260 million plus you're thinking you might do roughly anottheyr $290 million in tthey back half of tthey year roughly. Would get you to about – yes, it would be roughly equivalent, I guess, for tthey back half wtheyre you wouldn't really expand dramatically. Gary Fields That's what I – that was my math. David Derman I really appreciate you theylping me. Gary Fields Yes. David Derman Yes, ttheyre's a lot – obviously, you guys are ramping pretty rapidly. So it's theylpful to understand. Well, great. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I will now turn tthey call over to Gary Fields for any closing remarks. Gary Fields Just wanted to clarify one thing. In my prepared commentary, I said wtheyn talking about productivity, I said materials were down 1%. What I meant to say was our cost of goods sold, excluding our materials were down 1%. So just to clear up that one little thing ttheyre. All right. With that, we will close. We appreciate everyone's interest in AAON and calling in. We are looking forward to talking to you again in November for our third quarter results. Have a nice day. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.