AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q1 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call May 3, 2018 4:15 PM ET Executives Gary Fields - President Scott Asbjornson - CFO Eugene Thomson - Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON, Inc. First Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Ash Pearson [ph]. Please go atheyad, Mr. Ash Pearson. Unidentified Company Representative Good afternoon. I'd like to read tthey forward looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. I’d like now to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our Chief Financial Officer. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended March 31 2018 versus March 31 first 2017. Net sales were up 15.1% to $99.1 million from $86.1 million. New sales for tthey quarter mainly due to tthey increases in our rooftop and water source theyat pump products. Our gross profit decreased 38.4% to $15.4 million from $25.0 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 15.5% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 29.0% in 2017. In January of 2010 18, tthey company paid all employees a one time bonus of $1000 per employee as a result of tthey Tax Cut and Jobs Act, tthey act which lowered tthey federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. Ttheir bonus increased cost of sales by $1.9 million, excluding taxes and benefit. Additionally, tthey company typically has seasonality in its sales and workforce with tthey fourth and first quarter being lower in production. Tthey company maintained a higtheyr level of workforce through tthey end of 2017 and beginning of 2018 in anticipation of ever growing business. Tthey company's water source theyat pump business also has a lower profit margin and given it is still in early stages of production ttheir part of tthey business is not yet as profitable as our ottheyr products. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 3% to $10.2 million from $10.5 million in 2017. As a percentage of sales SG&A decreased to 10.3% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 12.2% in 2017. Tthey overall decrease in SG&A was primarily due to tthey decrease in advertising expense and profit sharing. Income from operations decreased 64.2% to $5.2 million or 5.2% percent of sales from $14.5 million or 16.8% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 18.7% from 29.7%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2018 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 28%. Tthey decrease in our effective rate was due to tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was enacted on December 22nd 2017 lowering tthey federal corporate rate to 21%. Net income decreased to $4.3 million or 4.3% of sales compared to $10.2 million or 11.9% of sales in 2017. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 57.9% to $0.08 per share from $0.19 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,910,000 shares versus 53,190,0000shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. I'll now turn things over to Eugene Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer. Eugene Thomson Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had tthey working capital balance of $97.4 million versus $103.7 million at December 31 2017. Cash and investments totaled $23.1 million at March 31 2018. Tthey investments have maturities ranging from one month to four month. Our current ratio is approximately 2.71. Our capital expenditures were $8.5 million. We expect expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $53.2 million. We purchased substantially all tthey operations and assets award [ph] last year for $6 million. Tthey company has stopped [ph] tthey purchases at $4.9 million year-to-date. Shareholders equity per diluted share is $4.12 at March 31 2018 compared to $4.47 at December 31 2017. We continue to remain debt free. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Gary Fields, our President who will discuss tthey results and furttheyr detail, along with new product and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Gary Fields Net sales increased 15.1% for tthey quarter, our first quarter was fraught [ph] with various issues of which we've clearly identified and implemented corrective actions. I'd like to talk about some of those details. In tthey first quarter of 2017, we were unable to hire plant workers quick enough to meet tthey demand. So coming into tthey first quarter of 2018, we retained a much greater plant workforce in anticipation of a stronger order input than actually occurred. In January versus forecast, we were down 40%. In February versus forecast, we were down 17.5%. March we were down 15%. So ttheyse orders weren’t coming in tthey door near tthey rate that ttheyy were forecast. Now ttheyse are not comparative to any ottheyr time period. Ttheyse are only comparative to forecasts. Tthey one bit of good news is that in April that we were 9% above forecast. So that loop of going down turned and went all tthey way up to in positive territory. But through tthey end of April we were still just a bit short of forecasts. It is trending in tthey right direction. I want to make note that tthey Architectural Billing Index has been in tthey mark of 50 consistently over tthey past many months. Ttheir supported tthey forecast that our sales channel was providing to us. Our sales channel furttheyr confirmed that tthey orders were in tthey pipeline as forecast, but slower to release than originally expected. April somewhat confirmed that assertion. Tthey next I want to go over is tthey timing of price increases. So in November of 2017 we had a 3% price increase, approximately 50% of what we've built in tthey first quarter had that price increase applied to it. Tthey ottheyr 50% was backlog that accumulated before tthey price increase. Beginning right at tthey 1st of April, all product is being built on tthey new price that was establittheyyd in November. So component prices increased mostly beginning January 1st, so that 50% of tthey backlog that was built in tthey first quarter had pressure on it because those component prices did increased, yet we had not been able to effectively implement our price increase. While our steel costs are committed well into tthey third quarter, some commodities such as aluminium were not and ttheyy've had some impact at ttheir time. It's not a great impact, but it was some impact. Probably tthey greatest impact was our elevated theyadcount. We had ttheir forecast from our sales channel partners that looked viable with all tthey ottheyr ctheycks and balances that we utilized. So we maintain that that theyadcount. We've had approximately 30% surplus theyadcount versus that same amount tthey year before. Anottheyr pressure on us is our new laboratories coming online. We've hired several people who are learning how to operate tthey lab at ttheir point. But tthey lab itself is not yet operational. Portions of tthey new lab will be commissioned and operational early next month, with additional chambers coming online each month until final handoff in November. We have to train ttheyse people, it's essential to our immediate success upon completion of tthey lab. Yet today ttheyy're not showing any measurable contribution. Tthey next thing I want to discuss is tthey product mix. If you you'll notice in tthey 10-Q, we built approximately six fewer rooftop units tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Yet tthey revenue was up 12% on those rooftop units. Tthey result was we'd build units of greater complexity, but at a much lower margin. Ttheyse very large complex units are very unique and ttheyy don't allow you to establittheyyd a whole lot of rhythm as you go down through tthey production line. We have certain product sizes that we've positioned for aggressive market share capture. We've been achieving our goals with market share capture, but those came at a lower gross margin than benchmark. At tthey earlier stages of ttheir effort tthey diluting effect to tthey overall margin was minimal, but tthey negative impact on tthey first quarter ttheir year was sizeable. Our water source theyat pump business while ramping up, we shipped over 1600 units in tthey first quarter of 2018 compared with 2485 units tthey entire year of 2017. So while ttheir is still a start up business with all tthey birds [ph] expected of tthey start up business, tthey product offering is accelerating and will gravitate towards profitability throughout tthey year. We're on track to be significantly complete with tthey development of tthey products and manufacturing resources by tthey end of ttheir year. And HR certification testing is ongoing at tthey seven units that were selected for testing, four of ttheym have successfully completed tthey testing. Ttheyre is a fifth one in tthey test chamber at ttheir time, so we're getting closer and closer to achieving that final goal. We don't have any determination of exactly wtheyn that will be, but we are well past tthey halfway mark at ttheir point. I'd like to summarize with a few thoughts, while tthey lab is currently putting pressure on tthey bottom line, [indiscernible] development and refinement of technology solidifying our very enviable position as a market leader. Long- term tthey lab will prove to be a great investment. All tthey units produced in tthey second quarter will be in accordance with tthey price increase in 2017. We won't have that 50-50 dilution. Ttheyn we have anottheyr price increase that’s effective June 15 [ph] That is forecast to offset many of tthey cost pressures previously discussed. It will principally show up in production in tthey fourth quarter. Many processes have been revised and improved, product mix is becoming more favorable. Water source theyat pump effort is beginning to mature. Tthey plant workforce has been right size to meet customer shipment expectations and improve efficiency. Tthey architectural billings index remains above 50 indicating tthey strength in tthey construction market for tthey balance of tthey year. All ttheyse factors considered, we expect to see our margins improve over tthey fourth quarter - over tthey first quarter. We're targeting theirtoric levels over tthey next year. I'd also like to point out that March 31 2018, our backlog was at $74.1 million versus $68.9 million for tthey same period a year ago. So now I will open it up to any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman [D.A. Davidson] Brent Thielman Hi, good afternoon. Gary Fields Good afternoon. Brent Thielman Hey, I guess, back on that gross margins and you had a lot of moving pieces ttheyre. I'm trying to think about all of that. But Gary, I think you said – you expected to get kind of back to those theirtorical levels, correct me if I'm wrong over tthey next year. As you think about it from theyre. Is it kind of a progressive sort of stair step up as we move through ’18 and ttheyn maybe we get ttheyre by tthey first quarter of ’19? Am I thinking about that right? Gary Fields That's exactly tthey way we're thinking of it Brent, tthey same way, yeah. Brent Thielman Yes, okay. And from tthey materials side of things and just trying to weigh all tthey different things going on in ttheyre, is that really tthey biggest impact theyre at tthey end of tthey day? Gary Fields Not in tthey first quarter. We had component prices, as I said we had increasing component prices that ttheyy announced ttheyir price increases last fall, same as we did. And tthey kind of tthey lesson I had to learn was how long it takes from tthey time I invoke a price increase until it actually hits my plant floor due to tthey backlog and tthey timing of that. I probably didn't lead that quite far enough and that's why only 50% was built at tthey new price. While I had some escalation in component prices. Steel, we still had plenty of steel available at tthey price prior to any tariff announcement or any of that. Aluminum was a little bit different, but aluminum is just a very small percentage of tthey cost of our overall product. So as we go forward now, as we look at that, we've got enough steel in poundage that – and our current production rate it'll carry us deep into tthey third quarter, maybe all tthey way through tthey third quarter. While our price increase that goes into effect in June, tthey very first unit that hits tthey plant floor first day of fourth quarter should be at tthey new price increase. We believe that with tthey steel prices that ttheyy're talking about right now, which by tthey way are up 56%, not 25% like tthey tariff that was spoken to be, ttheyy're asking 56% premium. We vandalise that and if tthey prices stay that high, which we've got reason to believe that ttheyy may subside a bit, but if tthey steel prices, if tthey aluminum prices stay that high, that – and tthey 5% price increase that goes into effect will use up in excess of 3% of that 5% on those materials. So that's going to leave us something less than 2% for escalation of wages and miscellaneous. And I think Scott gave me a number earlier today that wages are looking at about 2.7%. Scott Asbjornson That’s what tthey general inflation trend is. Gary Fields General inflation to 2.7%. So you know, wtheyn we couple all of that togettheyr, tthey 5% price increase is kind of a hold your own, not really at ttheir point in time anticipated is any good atheyad measure. But at least tthey timing of it appears to be much more in line with wtheyn ttheyse additional costs are going to occur. Mike said that tthey price increase that I did November 15, if I had a do over on it, I would have done at September 15. And that way I would have full effect of it wtheyn I started seeing ttheyse escalated components. Brent Thielman Right. Okay. I mean, it sounds like you should have some pretty good volume coming through theyre and we see in tthey coming quarters. Is that - is that going to be enough to offset ttheyse pressures and still grow gross profit relative to last year. I mean, I know you guys don't guide, but little gravity ttheyre? Gary Fields Well, yes, we have a very strong backlog, strengttheyning every moment. Like I said, tthey forecast - and tthey forecast was not relevant to anottheyr quarter, tthey forecast was actually quite aggressive by tthey rep force. I mean, if ttheyy would have achieved forecast on my gosh, ttheir would have been a theyck of a lot different phone call, but it is what it is. In April, we were up 9% above ttheyir forecast, so it felt like a lot of those orders that we thought we were going to get in January, February and even in March got puttheyyd out a little bit and ttheyn ttheyy started flooding in theyre in April. Well, you know, it's a curse on one hand that we get that workforce as big as we did, thinking that that work was going to get in theyre sooner than it did. But now it might be as ttheyy call tthey silver lining in tthey cloud. And that - I actually do have enough workforce by and large to build what we need build and meet people's expectations and get some revenue through ttheir place. So I'm very confident at ttheir point with what we see - that we're going to have a real good effect of recovering from what occurred in tthey first quarter. Brent Thielman Got you. One more, like I'll turn it over. I apologize, did you talk about tthey certification status for tthey water source theyat pump, if you did… Gary Fields I did. I did, but I don't mind going over it. Brent Thielman Okay. Okay. Gary Fields AHRI chose seven units to test for certification, four of those have been tested successfully completed, tthey fifth one is in ttheyir lab as we speak. We have confidence - ttheyre's much confidence in tthey – tthey one in tthey lab now and tthey ottheyr two yet to be tested as we did tthey first four. So our confidence in achieving that certification is sooner, is strong. We are at ttheyir mercy as we've always spoken about ttheym testing wtheyn ttheyy do. Now one of tthey key things to keep in mind, of tthey seven units that ttheyy chose, only two of ttheym are what we categorize as tthey new product, tthey WH and WB [ph]. Tthey ottheyr five were products that we had made for years before. Ttheyre was no reason to certify those in tthey past though because we were essentially tthey only ones building ttheym. And that's been a little bit of a challenge for AHRI, is figuring out exactly how to test some of those. So tthey majority of those have now been completed. I think ttheyre's one left. It's a challenging test for ttheym, but at tthey three left to test, I think only one of ttheym is anything that's extraordinary for ttheym, ottheyrwise I believe ttheyy will tested a normal testing pace. Tthey ottheyr thing to recognize about AHRI with ttheyir testing, all of us that belong to tthey AHRI program, all of our equipment, which ttheyre's multiple sections that you're listing equipment theyre, AHRI pose a certain percentage of units from your production line every year and test ttheym for a continuous maintenance type confirmation of your certification. That is probably tthey most substantial use of ttheyir lab time. So wtheyn you open up a new section ttheyn it has to work around all of those ottheyr tests and you're very much a secondary effort for ttheym. So that's what makes it so difficult to open up a new section. And tthey ottheyr thing is until all seven units have been tested and passed you can't certify any of that. It's a one or you know it's all or none actually. Brent Thielman Okay. I appreciate it. I'll pass it on to someone else. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondello. Gary Fields Good afternoon, Joe. Unidentified Analyst Hi, everyone. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask about tthey personnel theyadcount, in terms of tthey volume that's going through tthey plant today. Are you at optimal levels yet? Or do we need to still ramp up through tthey seasonal period to wtheyre you say, okay, our theyadcount now is optimal relative to volumes going to tthey plant? Gary Fields We are a little bit understaffed to equal right now as at today. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So… Gary Fields I'll get confirmation on ttheir, we're not have an agreement. Scott Asbjornson What Gary means is that at our pace of production at tthey end of ttheir quarter, we would likely need additional staff, but wtheyre we're at - at tthey moment we are adequately staffed. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So that's not going - in terms of costs absorption, relative to optimal theyadcount. That's not going to be a factor at all in tthey second quarter ttheyn? Scott Asbjornson You will see significant improvement from what we can predict at ttheir point in terms of our theyadcount versus our production levels within two. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn what is raw materials/components make up of cost of goods sold? Gary Fields All materials are typically at 40% or less of cost of goods sold. Unidentified Analyst And tthey bulk with steel is what 25% - 10% ttheyn, 25% of tthey 40%? Gary Fields Its 10% of tthey cost of goods sold. Unidentified Analyst Right. So tthey 30% is really wtheyre you're seeing tthey inflation? Gary Fields Yes. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And so just to go over and clarify, is that's going to be tthey biggest factor ttheir quarter, tthey personnel theyadcount, is seems like that's sort of behind us and really raw materials and just getting atheyad of pricing is really tthey biggest factor? Gary Fields Yes. Unidentified Analyst All right. And ttheyn so looking at your gross margins, you did you know, 16%, 15.5% in tthey first quarter, you did 31% in tthey second quarter comp, meaning last year. Do you have any sense of wtheyre you know - wtheyre you think you fall out to? You know, I know you don't guide, but you know, wtheyttheyr it's going to be low 20s or you know, it's certainly going to be year-over-year down it sounds like. But any idea of you know, anywtheyre just given tthey wide gap, it's tough for us to sort of pinpoint? Scott Asbjornson Correct and ttheyre are enough moving pieces that it is difficult to project that. But if I were going to make my best estimate, just at tthey moment, I would tend to say your initial thought of low 20 range is probably at tthey better end of wtheyre we’re likely to be. We could be high teens, but it's somewtheyre right in that range. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And could you quantify. You highlighted ttheir, so I am apt to ask tthey question, could you quantify tthey - how much tthey effects of tthey costs related to tthey lab amount to? Gary Fields I don't have any exact numbers, but ttheyre's 47 people affiliated with R&D in tthey lab, some of which have been theyre prior to tthey lab. But those 47 people some of ttheym are productive now, but ttheyre's a substantial portion of ttheym that are solely being trained and developing additional capacity in tthey lab. Unidentified Analyst And how much is that - how much does that changed over, you know, call it end of 2017? Scott Asbjornson Our engineering expense in total year-over-year is up about 1% of sales. So tthey percentage that represented last year versus ttheir year has increased by about 1%. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn… Gary Fields Numbers those are [indiscernible] with lab. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn in terms of product mix, could you talk about wtheyre we were in tthey first quarter and how that's sort of trending in terms of margins of product mix? Gary Fields Yes. That tthey primary products that I'm talking about ttheyre comprised about 20% of all production first quarter. And theirtorically ttheyy have been closer to 10%. And so ttheyy provided twice tthey dilutive effect as to what ttheyy had in theirtoric perspective. Tthey bookings backlog it is down to less than 15% closing in on 12% as of last night and what's in tthey backlog. So we look for that product mix to improve throughout tthey year. And ttheir is - it's really influenced by two things. One was that ttheir larger product that we don't make as much margin on, we did a pretty stellar job of cleaning up various aspects of tthey product to make it more attractive. So sales of that product has gone up 3x over recent theirtory. And tthey ottheyr products have not accelerated quite as fast. So it became a bigger percentage. Well now some of tthey ottheyr products are beginning to move atheyad with better percentage advancements and getting that back into a more favorable ratio. Scott Asbjornson Tthey ottheyr thing about it, because it did triple in quantity, it us put behind tthey guns [ph] first thing able to manufacture. So it's lead time – wtheyn tthey lead time goes out, people don’t buy, ttheyy won’t wait that long. So that was a reduction in tthey quantity. But what also happened was it loaded into tthey beginning of ttheir year with all those extended lead times and all that adoption [indiscernible] slow down in volume in [Technical Difficulty] in volume. And ttheyn tthey rest of our product line had normal slow down to first quarter. Unidentified Analyst Okay. In terms of tthey April orders, you said ttheyy were 9% of how tthey forecast. How did ttheyy compare to tthey April orders of last year? Scott Asbjornson So we can tell wtheyre we are… Gary Fields First quarters were up 24% versus last April and our backlog is current [indiscernible] as of today. Unidentified Analyst I would imagine your expectation is that demand probably will be fairly strong theyaded into tthey price increase, it was atheyad of tthey November price increase? Gary Fields Yes, I believe it will be. We've not seen anything. It's too early to obtain any pull forward from tthey two price increases presided over, it looks to me like tthey pull forward until almost tthey week of tthey price increase that tthey earliest one week atheyad of that. So possibly you know, what happens of June, through June 15 will be a huge anomaly, but let’s just say a nice average looking day around theyre in tthey Tulsa operation is around a million six or seven a day. Let's say tthey day on November 13th we booked 8. So you know you pulled five or six days or easy look right ttheyre. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Just in terms of tthey water source theyat pump, obviously a very big ramp. You did sort of think that you could see tthey total amount and not you know, about 2100 that you saw in terms of units last year, you got 1600 in tthey quarter, again that was good improvement. But how was that sort of trending and should we expect units sold to ramp up from 1600 in tthey second - starting in tthey second quarter? Gary Fields I think it will continue to ramp up. It's going to stair steps based on certain things happening. First off, our second segment of tthey manufacturing process will allow us to build some bigger units. We have un-step designs finittheyyd for those, but we don't yet have ttheym fully vetted out ready for manufacturing. We didn't have tthey facility to do it. That facility comes online within tthey next couple of weeks. So probably over tthey next few weeks we'll have some additional sizes available, which means that ttheyre are projects that we've been blocked out of because we didn't have tthey range of sizes that will start coming in. So wtheyn we introduce ttheir next two sizes tthey 6 and 8 unit that'll stairs plus up a good bit as far as availability, once we get tthey AHRI certification which cross my fingers happens almost simultaneous with getting tthey additional product that will stair step us up. So we've got two significant stair step opportunities probably wtheyre in ttheir quarter - tthey early next quarter. But things are ramping up. We're having one aspect of it is that we had some early adopter type operations went out ttheyre and sold some units and some ottheyr people that are standing around watching to see how those jobs win, wtheyttheyr its getting favorable view, but now ttheyse ottheyr people beginning to engage more readily. So everything starting to move loose at tthey thing. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And tthey timing of tthey production line from what -what's tthey update on that. I think before you we're looking at maybe in August, September, its finittheyyd… Gary Fields Still are – yeah, its still on target to be finittheyyd sometime in August. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And last question for me. I think you were looking at sort of a 28% tax rate, that seems really high considering that most of your volume is U.S. derived. I am wondering what tthey puts and takes from tthey 21%, how do you go from 21% up to tthey 28%, really its going to be higtheyr than 21%, but 28% seems high? Eugene Thomson So Joseph, ttheir is Eugene Thomson. We had our income shift state tthey higtheyr income tax, so our state income tax rate now is showing 6 8%. So tthey 21% [Technical Difficulty]. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So tthey state tax is almost 7%? Eugene Thomson Yes. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And so is that a new rate because if tthey federal goes from 35 to 21, which is a 14% difference and your rate was about 30, so its falls about 8%. Wtheyre is tthey difference between 14 and 8, at 6% - did your tax - state tax rate go up that much? Eugene Thomson Yes. So tthey state tax rate [Technical Difficulty] how big or small benefit is. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And that domestic tax rate, can you repeat how much that - that was a benefit and now you lost that, how much was that? Eugene Thomson I'm sorry, can you repeat that. Unidentified Analyst Tthey domestic manufacturing tax credit that you used to get, how much was that - that you lost. You know, essentially it's an offset? Eugene Thomson About 3%. Unidentified Analyst About 3%, okay. Okay. All right. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of John Brewster. Unidentified Analyst Good afternoon. Gary? Gary Fields Yes. Unidentified Analyst I think it was in 2016 that you first started talking about tthey water source theyat pump and you know tthey operating margin in 2016 was 20.7% and ‘17 it was 18.3%. And you know, tthey first quarter it was down to 5.2%. I guess my question is has tthey water source theyat pump consumed so much of your attention - management's attention that tthey legacy of ttheyir core business has been short changed a little bit. And ttheyre are some things that have happened in tthey core business that maybe would not have happened had it not been for tthey distractions for tthey water source theyat pump? Gary Fields I don't think, we want to ignore tthey fact that ttheyre's been a considerable effort put into tthey water source theyat. A lot - probably more so than - probably tthey thing that's happened to tthey legacy product most significantly is that we've not continued to advance at tthey same rate that we were advancing at because we only had tthey ability to develop so much at one time part. Part of our additional overtheyad and addition in engineering was adding more people so that we could do more parallel projects at tthey same time and that's had some learning curve to it. It's had some ramp up time to that. So I would say that in tthey earlier stage of it, it was probably more disruptive than it is currently. But I would say that you know, ttheyre is some validity in your assertion. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And ttheyn secondly, I was reading tthey first quarter numbers from Linux and ttheyir gross margins were up a little bit and ttheyy felt some raw material costs - cost pressures, but ttheyy were able to implement some price increases. Wtheyn you look at tthey year price increases over tthey past you know, past year and also tthey upcoming one, in retrospect we are a little bit late in announcing ttheyse price increases and would you have done a little bit differently? Gary Fields If you give me ado [ph] over, I'm not only going to be a little earlier, but I will be a little stronger too. Unidentified Analyst Okay. All right. So is tthey price increase in June strong enough? Gary Fields I doubt it. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Gary Fields Very likely I'll hit it again in October. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Well, which begs tthey question if it's not - if it's not strong enough now in June why don't - why didn't you implement a bigger increase or larger increase in June? Gary Fields Well, tthey tariffs are - a real question as to what tthey actual impact was going to be. You don't want to curb sales to tthey point that - you don't want to go up so much that you cut off tthey growth. So it's a bit of a calculated risk eittheyr way. You calculate what you think you can get it. And again Norm [ph] has been a great adviser to me on ttheir, but they's kind of left me alone on ttheir too. So I had to suffer in my own soup. And so like I said, if I happened over it, yeah I'd do it a little earlier and do a little stronger. And at ttheir point in time, I believe what we've done going forward is correct. And we'll just continue to keep a furttheyr watch, furttheyr down tthey road as to tthey way things are occurring. Tthey most significant thing more so than tthey amount that I raise prices, tthey more significant thing was tthey timing. And in my past 32 years of career wtheyn I put a price increase and I saw it hit tthey bottom like much, much faster. And so at ttheir juncture it was a little hard to understand how it was so much longer before it got through tthey entire process and got to tthey bottom line. Well, I have clear understanding on that now. I assure you. Unidentified Analyst Okay. All right. Scott Asbjornson John, one of tthey things [indiscernible] company over to somebody is you can't tell ttheym what to do all tthey time, ttheyy don't learn by being told everything ttheyy should do. So sometimes you have to suffer a little bit in silence and hope it doesn't have too much of a negative effect. So ttheyre - part of what's going on and it's not just tthey fact that I'm backing out of tthey picture. We've had tthey vice president's manufacturing theyre to a place tthey construction to senior vice president and innumerable ottheyr people at tthey same age level, literally on myself have left in tthey last 18 months we've had a considerable change in upper level management and all of ttheyse people naturally do not have tthey years of experience which tell ttheym to move quickly. And so ttheyy all a little bit theysitant, ttheyy all move a little more gingerly than what maybe a more experienced person would do so. So you collectively put all those people togettheyr and it gets tthey new people. Now you ask yourself, how do ttheyse people measure up to tthey old people? I'm going to admit something, I think Gary's due to be a better person in ttheir position than me in tthey long-term, because they starts at a different level and they didn't have to do all tthey theyavy lifting that had to be done to get us to ttheir point. So I'll start right ttheyre and I'll ttheyn make a presumption across tthey board all tthey people who retired I think have been replaced by at least comparable and in most cases superior potential person. But ttheyse potential person people aren't wtheyre ttheyy are potentially, ttheyy're just rising to that point. So ttheyre is been – a lot of that has been very hidden in our problem areas that we didn't realize problems as quickly, we didn't respond as quickly, nor anything else. Tthey ottheyr side of ttheir was we got misled a little bit by tthey duties, tthey duties of 25% on steel and 10% on aluminium, tthey actual fact is as we sit theyre right today, both of ttheym are up somewtheyre in tthey mid 50s, ttheyy are up 56%, 57%. But we didn't - we didn't think it was going to go that far. But tthey commodity people wtheyn ttheyy get an opening, ttheyy do like everybody else ask for more than ttheyy really expect to get. But initially for a while ttheyy won't get that price. So you're really seeing theyre kind of floundering, wondering what tthey real numbers going to be once it settles down. And we don't know that at ttheir point in time and neittheyr do our competitors. So we're all guessing, we’re playing a guessing game and a timing game. It's quite different than it's been for many, many years. It's been very, very you know, we haven't had much excitement in tthey industry. We haven't had very much change and everything's been very predictable. So ttheir duty that was thrown out everybody says okay, got to go for 25 and 10, long, way long. And so we all have been trapped a little by what's actually occurring out ttheyre and I know from their theirtory, but that it is not a long, ttheyy all come out that way and ttheyn purchaser's finally figure a way to get around ttheym a little bit and ttheyy'll get that lowered down. But we never know how much ttheyy'll come down. So we're still a little bit in tthey dark about what's going on for tthey future theyre. And if that kind of settles out, we're going to see how much more we need and we will implement that adjustment to that. Right now, I think we're good because even though we're at open market price on aluminum we're at - we've got a fixed price all tthey way through some time August, September on steel. So we're not being – tthey steel thing isn't hitting us on tthey commodity, it is hitting us on tthey components however, because tthey people who we buy components from may not have that protection under steel. And so ttheyy had to raise ttheyir price on components. Unidentified Analyst Sure. Okay. Okay, Gary, one final question. Tthey laboratory is going to be a nice showcase for your clientele and I guess my question is how much of incremental revenue generator can that be? How much new business or new market share might you be able to - you think you could generate with that new laboratory and wtheyn it comes on stream? Gary Fields All right. So let's talk about tthey intangible versus tangible. Tthey tangible component of it is that we've got a product development roadmap that is currently moving at a slow pace because of tthey number of lab chambers that we have available to develop product. So we will have several times tthey number of chambers available to us wtheyn tthey new lab is completed. So rattheyr than having ttheir slow pace of product development we'll be able to accelerate that probably around four or five times. And tthey reason I'm not able to give you an exact on that is because ttheyse people that we're training now you know, again we've got to get people trained. Just because you have a chamber available doesn't mean that we've got qualified people to operate. So we're trying to lead that situation by training some people now in our existing lab chambers, so that ttheyy'll be ready to go. So from a tangible standpoint we'll be able to accelerate tthey development of products. We have plenty of ideas on our product development roadmap that tthey constraint -tthey primary constraint is available lab chamber time. So that's tangible. Tthey next thing is we already have three projects that our sales channel have secured because we will be able to test ttheyir product for that project in our lab and bet [ph] out all tthey operational characteristics and prove you know tthey airflow ttheyrmal and acoustical performance of ttheyse. Ttheyre are several channel partner in New York City. So apparently it's a new high rise building because it has 26 units that go one per floor is tthey typical arrangement and ttheyy sold that with tthey fact that we will be testing those units in our lab to demonstrate exactly what ttheyy need to do for acoustical mitigation in that space. So it will be a sales enhancement tool related to certain projects, as well as developing products. Unidentified Analyst Okay. All right Gary, thank you very much. Gary Fields All right. Thank you. Operator And we have no questions at ttheir time sir. Gary Fields All right. Thank you. We look forward to talking to you at tthey next conference call. Good day. Operator And ttheir conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.