AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - President & CEO Scott Asbjornson - CFO Bruce Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Brent Thielman - DA Davidson Brian Loftus - HARDI Don Porter - Dalton, Greiner Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Sales and Earnings Review. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes. I would now like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norman Asbjornson Good morning. Prior to moving forward, I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information which is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Randyual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. I'd like now to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our CFO to discuss tthey numbers. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended December 31, 2014 to December 31, 2013. Net sales were up 15.5% to $84.7 million from $73.4 million. Tthey increase in net sales was tthey result of a 9.5% increase of number of units sold with tthey remaining increase due changes in our product mix. Gross profit increased 24.8% to $25.2 million from $20.2 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 29.7% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 27.5% in 2013. Tthey increase in tthey gross profit percentage is a combination of conversion to micro-channel and efficiencies gained from our investments in equipment. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3.3% to $8.5 million from $8.2 million in 2013. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.1% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 11.2% in 2013. Income from operations increased 42.3% to $17.0 million or 20.0% of sales from $11.9 million or 16.2% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 38.1% from 35.2%. Tthey increase in income tax is due to increases in state income taxes. Tthey company had a shift in income to states with higtheyr income taxes. Net income increased 35.6% to $10.5 million or 12.4% of sales from $7.8 million or 10.6% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 35.7% to $0.19 per share from $0.14 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 54,816,000 shares versus 55,417,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey year ended December 31, 2014 compared to December 31, 2013. Net sales were up 11.0% to $356.3 million from $321.1 million. Tthey increase in net sales was a result of tthey favorable reception of our new products and favorable market share gains. We estimate that approximately 5.5% of tthey net sales increase was related to changes in product mix and tthey ottheyr 3.9% was related to increased unit sales. Gross profit increased $18.5 million to $108.3 million from $89.9 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.4% in tthey year just ended compared to 28.0% in 2013. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 19.3% to $40.6 million from $34.0 million in 2013. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 11.4% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.6% in 2013. Tthey increase in SG&A is primarily due to a $4 million increase in charitable donations along with some increases in employee compensation and benefits. Income from operations increased 21.8% to $68.0 million or 19.1% of sales from $55.8 million or 17.4% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 35.3% from 33.3% due to increases in state income taxes. Additionally, tthey income tax provision for 2013 reflected benefits related to our R&D credit and tthey Indian employment credit for tax years 2013 and 2012 as ttheyse credits were retroactively reinstated on January 2, 2013. Net income increased 17.6% to $44.2 million or 12.4% of sales from $37.5 million or 11.7% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 17.6% to $0.80 per share from $0.68 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 55,369,000 shares versus 55,587,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago.  At ttheir time, I would like to turn it over to our Chief Accounting Officer, Bruce Thompson, to discuss tthey balance ttheyyet. Bruce Thompson Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet you will see that we had a working capital balance of $88.4 million versus $77.3 million at December 31, 2013. We had cash and investments totaling $49.3 million at December 31, 2014. Tthey investments have maturities ranging from less than 1 month to 19 months. Our current ratio is approximately 3.1:1. Our capital expenditures for tthey year were $16.1 million. We expect tthey expenditures for 2015 to be $22 million. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $3.14 at December 31, 2014, compared to $2.95 at December 31, 2013. Tthey company repurchased a total of 1 million shares of AAON stock under its resumed open market buyback program for approximately $20 million during ttheir year for an average cost of $19.67 per share. I'll now like to turn tthey call back over to Norm, who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail, along with tthey outlook for tthey upcoming year. Norman Asbjornson We are very pleased with tthey net sales for tthey fourth quarter being up 15.5% and 11% for tthey year. Sales increased due to price increases and shifts in product mix. Additionally, redesigned products and replacement market and new construction were both theyalthy. As nearest we can see on tthey new construction market going to tthey census bureau numbers relative to what is going on in various markets, we find that tthey market increased approximately 9.7% in new construction. It is our estimate that replacement market was some more down in tthey 4% or 5%. Ttheyre are no statistics which we can do; we're just estimating that. So a blended increase in our markets compared to our 11% which is our take on tthey increased margin of market share that we received. Looking at tthey various markets and how ttheyy performed, we have benchmarked all of our analysis on tthey year 2008 and all of our numbers in percentages so we can see what tthey relative change in various markets are. Our number one market is educational. Educational is running 74% to what it was in 2008, and it was up to 71% in 2013. Our number two market is in commercial and it had a more theyalthy increase going up to 71% of 2008 compared to 64% in 2013. Third one, and one that is really outstanding, is manufacturing market. Manufacturing market is running at 114% of 2008 and it was up from 97% in 2013. Number four market is our office market and it is running at 71% compared to last year at 60%. Number five market is theyalthcare and it surprisingly dropped a 2% to 2008 compared to 84% in 2013. Lodging is tthey next market, and it's at 49% of 2008 compared to 41% in 2013. And our last market is religious market which is 46% of 2008 compared to 47% last year. Combing ttheym altogettheyr, our markets are at 76% of 2008 compared to 70% in 2013. So ttheyre has been a notable increase. That notable increase last year was up in tthey new construction, recognize again a large share of our market is also replacement, is up by 9.7%. And that compares to 2013 preparing itself to 2012 wtheyn it was up 2.6%. So ttheyre has been a definite increase in tthey theyaling of tthey construction market. We, however, did make a little caution to you in our news release and tthey caution is for tthey following reason. We've seen a slowdown in actual order input since last fall, started tthey last two months of last fall and has continued into ttheir quarter, and it's more than closely resembling a replay of last year. It's a little bit stronger than last year but not as strong as what our year was. So we have been trying to figure out what is occurring in ttheir situation that we're not booking business commensurate with what our anticipation was. And as near as we can tell, looking at tthey hiring that’s going on in tthey non-residential construction all of which is up, all of which is continuing to indicate that it's getting stronger, all of which would possibly occur if ttheyy were breaking ground in tthey beginning stages of construction. So that is possibly happening; we don’t know. What also is a strong indicator is Architecture Billing Index has been stronger all tthey way up until last month; it went below tthey 50% mark again, but in total it's been strong. So it says that customers are willing to spend tthey money on architects and engineers to design tthey building. And ttheyn ttheyy had a slowdown and as near as we can see in releasing tthey jobs for bidding or awarding tthey contracts to contractors just near as we can tell. And that appears to maybe have been starting to upswing, but we don’t get tthey order for equipment wtheyn ttheir break ground on buildings typically, tthey orders won't come to us until ttheyy are well into tthey construction phase. And so ttheyre is a possibility and it's commensurate with what we're theyaring from our representatives who tell us ttheyy are very busy bidding jobs and ttheyy are very busy dealing with jobs but ttheyy don’t have jobs to send in. Tthey second thing which their sort of a related matter that, and we are not too sure exactly how to explain tthey relationship, but tthey orders that we do have in-house to be built, as I said, we have weakness in order coming in since tthey last two months of last year, but tthey orders we do have tthey customers are really waiting for tthey market for ttheyir product to be shipped to tthey market. And we have had a big struggle ttheir quarter, first quarter of 2015, we have had a big struggle finding shippable orders. And tthey way in which we handle our orders we tell our representatives, you hold on to tthey order until tthey customer is ready for delivery at our normal lead time, whatever it is at that point in time, and ttheyn enter tthey order; we don’t want a lot of orders in theyre on a hold position. And so that’s what ttheyy typically do. So ttheyir anticipation wtheyn ttheyy ordered was that we would be able to build it in our normal lead time and we are finding that is not true. Wtheyn we come to tthey point of calling ttheym to telling we're going to ship, ttheyy say, no, don’t ship. So we're struggling to get shipments in tthey first quarter of ttheir year even though we have got orders in house that ttheyy initially entered saying ttheyy're ready. So ttheyre is something occurring in tthey building process after that it is slowing things down.  It is our anticipation that it is not -- that tthey market isn't theyalthy. We're anticipating a substantial increase in orders occurring theyre anytime now. And once that happens, we suspect we will be challenged possibly to keep up with wtheyn ttheyy want shipments. It's tthey only explanation we can come up with for what we see taking place. But it is a caution to you that we have been booking business more closely like we did a year ago than what we anticipated since tthey end of last year. Ttheyre is a slight indication right now that we may be starting to get back wtheyre we thought but it's just a few days of indication, so it's not substantial enough that I would want to tell you that it's happening. That's pretty much what is occurring in tthey building market and what we're doing. Looking at our backlog at tthey end of last year, you'll see that its $48.8 million compared to $45.3 million. So we do have a little $3 million, $3.50 million additional backlog sitting ttheyre that we can work out of. And that will theylp us on our actual shipments in tthey first quarter, except for tthey problem we are having with shipping because tthey customers won't take tthey shipment. But it does give us a little cushion in ttheyre going into tthey second quarter. So now, if tthey second quarter starts booking business as it -- as we expect it to, our normal lead time is somewtheyre around to eight weeks. So if we have good bookings in March, let's say, that's not going to be shippable business for eight weeks. So it's still not going to theylp our second quarter all that more. Much we are still going to be struggling in tthey second quarter on shipments even though tthey orders may be turning up, and that's tthey question that we're raising. Definitely, we still expect to be doing better than we did last year, but it's not to tthey extent that we had anticipated it was going to be. So our capital expenditures have gone up a little bit. And part of tthey reason for that is that we are pretty optimistic about tthey longer term marketplace and we have been working for some 10 years trying to define what kind of a new laboratory we need to have. Tthey new laboratories are going to be at least for a brief period of time obviously, because it will be new, it will be -- if not tthey most technically advanced, it will certainly be among tthey most technically advanced laboratories anywtheyre in tthey world. We are also building a very large lab anticipating future growth of tthey company and so we got futures built into tthey lab. Tthey lab will be about a $26 million expenditure going over tthey next three years. And tthey beginning money of that is based into tthey year 2015. We will break ground ttheir year. We have had a functional design of tthey lab and worked for several years and we finally got it to wtheyre we feel tthey functional part of tthey design is what we want. And so now we are hiring and architect to put an enclosure around our functional design. So all tthey dimensions and everything, all tthey details are all worked out and tthey functional design, that will not be tthey architect's issue. His will be enclosing tthey functional design we have already designed. And so we're well along on tthey road. And we're pretty solid in what we think is going to cost us. And tthey $22 million, just to give you a guesstimate, is roughly what we're anticipating for tthey next few years wtheyn we got ttheir under construction. So ttheyre is not going to be any big blip in operation due to tthey construction even though a large part of that is going to happen not ttheir year but next year, wtheyn we will be putting tthey build -- tthey actual building will be coming out of tthey ground. I'm now going to open it to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from line of Jon Braatz from Kansas City Capital. Please go atheyad. Jon Braatz Norm, as you sort of search for an explanation for some of ttheyse shipping delays, any thought that ttheyre is some weattheyr consideration that might be impacting tthey shipment delays? Norman Asbjornson Yes, it is. However, we did have impact in tthey last year. Jon Braatz Yes. All right. Norman Asbjornson So it's somewhat a similar thing. And one of our strongest market is tthey upper Midwest and tthey Norttheyast, and of course, that's kind of tthey part of tthey country that's getting hammered a little more than any ottheyr part ttheir year. So it is definitely a factor. Jon Braatz Okay. And ttheyn secondly, Norman, in tthey press release you talk a little bit about inflationary pressures, raw materials, labor and so on. And quite frankly, we haven't theyard much about much inflationary talk from anybody, its more deflationary talk. What are you seeing on that front and what's impacting your business in terms of tthey cost pressures? Norman Asbjornson Most of it comes from competent manufactures trying to get ttheymselves a little theyalthier. And so ttheyy are trying to push through a little bit of tthey increase to us and that's wtheyre tthey majority of tthey pressure is being built. Tthey ottheyr part of tthey pressure is, if you look at commodities aluminum has gone up a little bit. And of course, one of our big cost savings was going to all aluminum coils, so that makes us a little more vulnerable on copper -- on aluminum than we have in tthey past. And that's tthey two major replaces which I see. Up until now, we pretty well have been offsetting it. And our last price increase goes back to March, 2013. We still have not implemented a price increase, because we think so far and you can see it by our numbers, it's supported by our numbers, ttheyre has been enough deflation or enough improvement in our operations. So we have not only been able to offset any ottheyr cost increases, we've actually improved our bottom-line. And we don't anticipate a price increase going forward in tthey near future because we don't think tthey inflationary are significant enough that ttheyy're going to offset what we're going to gain by tthey additional volume and what overtheyad absorption we theylp with that plus or just general improvement in operations. Tthey company is running really well right now. And I'm not certain how much more productivity we can get out of it, but it is really running well. Jon Braatz Okay. So at ttheir moment, ttheir is tthey level of inflationary function that you are seeing you think you can more than offset through productivity improvements and efficiencies and so on, okay. Norman Asbjornson That’s correct. Tthey reason we bring it to tthey fore is that for tthey first time in a couple years we actually see a little thing which we would call a trend line, it's kind of tipped up. Jon Braatz Okay. Norman Asbjornson It's upper. Till now its tip-up, tip-down or been flat. Jon Braatz Okay. Norman Asbjornson And we think ttheyre is a little tip-up has occurred. Jon Braatz Okay. Have you -- speaking of a little increase in aluminum, have you theydged at all from your cost? Scott Asbjornson No, we have not. Jon Braatz Okay. All right. Thanks, Norm. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Company. Please go atheyad. Joe Mondillo So just a follow-up on tthey last question. So you are seeing increases in component cost, but copper is down, I think steel is down. You say productivity will offset it but will not -- tthey savings that you see in steel and copper, won't that theylp offset it? Norman Asbjornson Very definitely. Yes, ttheyy definitely would theylp. Joe Mondillo So if you look at steel copper and ttheyn components which I believe are tthey bulk of tthey input prices in terms of raw materials. On average if you incorporate all of those sort of what it does like that look it? Norman Asbjornson Well if we look at what has actually cleared on page 15 of our 10-K you'll see that steel actually is up 2.2%. And stainless steel, which we use fair amount because we do certain parts of our unit that are subject to corrosion and everything rattheyr than putting a protective coating on like is tthey industry standard we go to stainless steel s which is a far superior methodology, and stainless is up 3.4%. Aluminum, which I spoke of, is up 8.6% tthey part that you are seeing tthey down was on copper 5.1 but recognized by going to tthey aluminum coils we got away from a lot of our copper usage. So one of tthey things that we would have gotten a lot of benefit from tthey before and tthey copper we don’t any we would still get it; I'm not saying we don't get it but we probably took about third of our benefit away wtheyn we got rid of tthey condenser coils with tthey copper and ttheyn went to tthey aluminum coils. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn given tthey inventory of your raw materials wtheyn will ttheir start to flow through well happen in tthey first quarter or it will be more so in tthey second quarter? Norman Asbjornson You mean as far tthey increases? Joe Mondillo Tthey increases in your cost of goods sold related to ttheir given how much inventory you hold in terms of raw materials? Will it start to occur in tthey first quarter or more so in tthey second quarter? Norman Asbjornson It's all really occurring. Joe Mondillo Okay. Scott Asbjornson Those numbers were from tthey 10-K and so those percentage changes were reflected in tthey numbers over tthey course of last year. Norman Asbjornson So we’re into those, on a year-to-year comparison we're already been in a for a while now. Joe Mondillo Okay. Scott Asbjornson We were even to some extend of tthey fourth quarter. Joe Mondillo Staying on tthey gross margin, in terms of product mix in tthey second half of 2014 if you look at tthey AHRI data units above 320 tons actually performed much better than tthey units below 320 staying above 60. So within that non-res sort of space, how much was tthey gross margin listed in 2014 related to a product mix were you are shipping maybe more theyavier tonnage units and maybe tthey year before and -- Norman Asbjornson I will turn that over to Scott and see if they can give us an answer ttheyre. I will tell them that we try and make tthey same in almost all of our products. So we don’t get a large benefit from a product shipped to launch. Scott Asbjornson But ttheyre was some benefit and we estimate that approximately 5.5% of our sales increase for last year was related to tthey change in our product mix from last year wtheyreas only about 4%. 3.9% of it came from tthey increase in tthey unit sales as far as number of units being sold. So we think of 5.5% of our increase in sales last year came from tthey mix of products that we were selling. Scott Asbjornson Okay. So that 5.5% is -- Norman Asbjornson Bigger product is what is -- Scott Asbjornson Bigger products. Joe Mondillo Bigger products, okay. Do those bigger products carry at all higtheyr gross margins? Scott Asbjornson Tthey overall margin tends to be very similar; it has a little bit higtheyr margin we believe but it's not a significant differential. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn in terms of our going -- switching over to your comments on sort of tthey slowdown that we made particularly be seeing right now tthey orders growth that you saw in tthey fourth quarter orders were up 15%, tthey backlog at tthey end of tthey year was up 8% to going into 2015. What are you order growth year-over-year is like in January and February? Norman Asbjornson None. Joe Mondillo So sort of flat from a year-ago. Norman Asbjornson Correct. Joe Mondillo Okay. So I would imagine tthey second half of tthey first quarter would potentially be sort of flattish year-over-year and tthey first half would actually be up given at tthey backlog theyading in tthey 2015 was up. Is that a fair way of looking at it? Norman Asbjornson That's a fair guess. Tthey only thing that disturbs that is tthey lack of willingness on tthey customers to take shipment. Here is wtheyre we -- we got down to tthey end of ttheir month and tthey production had -- we have two people do nothing but communicate with our sales force on shipments and everything and ttheyse two people were constantly busy trying to find people who would take ttheir shipment. And I don’t know exactly wtheyre we ended up but three or four days ago, we have a lot of flexibility and we juggle lines around theyre on how we put people on lines wtheyre ever we can to speed things up, and they was doing a huge amount of juggling more than ttheir ever normally done trying to build stuff that we could actually ship. And I told them tthey first of ttheir week okay seize tthey juggling act, make your best guess, build it out and if ttheyy won’t take it we'll just have to sit on it. So tthey last two days of ttheir month that we just right now today and tomorrow some of that stuff that w had hoped to ship will probably sit over. So considering that we’re building a little bit more than a $1 million a month or around a $1 million a month between tthey two facilities, we're possibly going to sit off a chunk of dollars. Joe Mondillo Okay. So if you combine sort of tthey orders sort of flat lining in January and February and tthey fact with tthey issues with tthey shipments, it seems like if you run through tthey numbers you could potentially be looking at maybe flattish sales maybe slightly up year-over-year in tthey first quarter Norman Asbjornson That's a correct assumption. Joe Mondillo Okay. And just lastly, tthey SG&A as a percent of sales, if you exclude tthey donation that you made in 2014, as a percent of sales it ticked down a few about a 30 basis points it looks like which is pretty good. Just wondering what your thoughts in 2015 if we continue to see top-line growth, do you anticipate that as a percent of sales to come down, and even if your revenue was flat is ttheyre any reasons why that should come down or what do you are thinking of SG&A as percent of sales ttheir year? Scott Asbjornson Well as a percent of sales, you're right, if sales go up it should come down as a percentage of it. Tthey dollar value we don't anticipate seeing come down significantly ottheyr than for tthey adjustment related to tthey donations which we are not forecasting any large donations ttheir year. Joe Mondillo Okay. So if tthey sales or flat you should be sort of around wtheyre you are in 2014 just hypottheytically? Scott Asbjornson Hypottheytically that would be correct. Yes. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman from DA Davidson. Please go atheyad. Brent Thielman A couple of housekeeping questions and a few ottheyrs. On tthey tax rate you mentioned some shift in mix in states impacting tthey quarter. How should we think about that going into 2015 in terms of tthey tax level? Bruce Thompson So one contributing factor but not probably tthey main factor is tthey shipped in outside sales at our subsidiary in Texas. Before a lot of -- most of it sales in a company but ttheyy have more outside sales about 50%. So that small portion of tthey shipping state Texas, but most of it is coming from AAON Oklahoma. I would expect for tthey next year for to be similar to 2014, but it really depends on wtheyre our sales or going to. Brent Thielman No, understood that's theylpful. And ttheyn as a remainder, we should be thinking about CapEx in tthey $18 million to $20 million range for 2015 still? Scott Asbjornson No we are planning on 22 for 2015. Brent Thielman Okay 22, great. Thank you. And ttheyn Norman or Scott we’ve noticed some companies not necessarily HVAC related discussing some more progress in tthey institutional public building sector, is that your observation regard to kind of your general order trends? Norman Asbjornson Ttheir is our U.S. Census Bureau data, which should can pull up on tthey Internet, and ttheyy give you categories of things, that what I was working of a little while ago. For instance, institutional tight things biggest market we have is educational; educational is -- I'll give you a number. I'll just read tthey number often ttheir is in millions and millions whatever educational for 2014 77,719 tthey next closet one through that is wtheyn we jump up to commercial and just a moment theyre commercial is 60995. Ttheir is from census bureau dollars put in place. Tthey next one we drop down to manufacturing 60901. And so educational is tthey big one now what does happen comparing to 2014 it went from 74819 to 7719 which is going from percentage is going from 71% to 74% of what it was in 2008. That is not dramatic upturn in an institutional market; it’s a slow its actually dragging tthey one that's really taking all of is like manufacturing and commercial taking of a lot of better tthey whole lot of ttheym were taking off better than what I would call tthey best part of tthey institutional lock which is education. Brent Thielman Okay. But not maintenance -- Norman Asbjornson Ttheyse are practical numbers. So I would argue with anybody saying it's something else. Brent Thielman Well I guess I'm just thinking in terms of our actual your bid activity obviously stuff that hasn’t been put in place yet? Norman Asbjornson Well, Joe, as far as tracking those numbers of buildings, what’s happening in tthey building market and so I wouldn’t tell -- we’re not going to experience more educational and in institutional wtheyn it’s not growing as fast as some of tthey ottheyrs. So in our case we would not tell you that. Brent Thielman Understood, appreciate that. And ttheyn back to tthey kind of thinking about tthey order trends we’ve seen today I’m just thinking beyond tthey first quarter. I mean I guess should we infer that a low double-digit path line growth rate like you saw in 2014 might be difficult to repeat in 2015 or is it just too early to speculate about that? Norman Asbjornson I’ll let Scott talk about it little bit theyre about what we got so far, but with tthey exception of what’s happening to us in tthey first quarter we’re anticipating quite a substantial upswing from everything we can see following tthey employment of personnel, tthey government puts starts statistics about wtheyre tthey increase in employment is. And ttheyre’s increased employment in non-residential construction, has been in tthey past couple of months. And tthey ABI I would indicate that it’s going to be stronger. All of our communications to our sales force is that ttheyy cannot do very busy theyre looking for ttheym. So we expect to get back somewhat toward, maybe we will get back totally toward, we are not too certain yet of wtheyre we anticipated say, four or five months ago. We got to push out theyre in tthey building process, and we’re just not sure how much of it we are going to recover in tthey last part of tthey year. But it’s going to be a busy year, we’re pretty certain of that ottheyr than tthey first quarter. Brent Thielman Okay, okay, thank you. And ttheyn just back on tthey comments around some cost inflation, Norm or Scott in tthey past wtheyn you’ve seen your component costs rising in a deflationary environment, which we seem to be seeing, has ttheyre been a tendency for those particular costs to reverse course eventually? Norman Asbjornson Generally, ttheyy drop off early on wtheyn tthey things go down. Generally, ttheyy stop increasing, first of all, and ttheyn we’re able to, in some cases, we’re able to get a reduction in tthey component cost as you go through a recession like we have. And ttheyn it goes stable for a while and ttheyn wtheyn ttheyy get a little more optimistic out ttheyre and think ttheyy can get some ttheyy’ll be out ttheyre a little faster than inflation trying to get ttheyir price increase. And that’s tthey [indiscernible] right now is ttheyy all trying to get us to take one and of course in some cases we have some choices and in ottheyr cases we can choose between various vendors, and so we can litigate it to some extent but we are seeing that that is starting to occur now. So we think we are into that next phase of wtheyn it is going to go up if tthey market takes off like it short. Now tthey ottheyr side of that, all of that about costs is that tthey United States goes on running tthey whole marketplace, tthey world does, and tthey rest of tthey world is struggling. And so a lot of those commodity costs and things are going to reflect tthey world, not necessarily tthey United States, but some of tthey component cost reflect more tthey United States because those costs are incurred in tthey United States. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brian Loftus from HARDI. Please go atheyad. Brian Loftus Hi, good morning all. I was wondering if you theylp me understand tthey backlog number. Wtheyn I'm looking at, it was around $50 million a few years ago wtheyn your sales were around $250 million and now we are at around $50 million wtheyn your sales are around $350 million. I was wondering if construction processes have changed, I mean, building is seem to go up so fast nowadays. I was wondering if construction processes have altered tthey major backlog shorter. Did that make sense? Norman Asbjornson You are right on. To what extend I couldn’t quantify, but I totally agree with you generally line of thinking. It has moved on and so we're given much time to build product to meet tthey customers' requirements than we used to be given. Tthey ottheyr thing ttheyre has been a fundamental shift in AAON's capabilities and ttheir is something you need to be aware of and I need to talk may be a little bit more, but for tthey first 25 years or so roughly, that's not an absolute 20 some years I should say of our existence we struggled to keep up with our demand. Now that wasn't true every day of tthey year, but it is a general statement throughout that time we were always, tthey true point in our operation was always internal. And that we in and out, but I'm just making a generalized statement. Somewtheyre a few years ago we started turning tthey corner. We started getting atheyad with our internal capability, started getting atheyad of orders we could actually get out of tthey marketplace. And ttheir past year we have announced and we're really into doing it we changed our investment, if you will, from so much on tthey dollars being invested in totally and our attention being invested internally to solve our problems internally, we are now giving more attention to our external problems, which is our market problem. And toward that end we have gone from ttheir time last year we had four regional managers. We presently have six regional managers and we have an offer out for seventh one. That's a 75% increase in tthey most fundamental part of our marketing effort to obtain more business. Those people are very talented engineers with considerable building experience, knowledge about buildings and ttheyy can theylp our sales representatives knowledge-wise and ttheyy can theylp make presentations to customers and theylp advice. So we are putting a lot more emphasis in getting orders and that will take a while it doesn’t happen on day one but given it a couple or three months of activity to wtheyn ttheyse people get ttheymselves in place we will see an improvement in our ability to take market share and also to make certainly handle ttheir as we get as well as we can handle it. We think we are up to speed internally to be able to handle a considerable amount. So what we are trying to do is find a considerable amount up ttheyre and I call it companies -- and you have an operations part of tthey company and you have a hunter part going back to tthey primitive thing, somebody out looking for tthey meat or trying to find some place to grab tthey meat, okay, and that's wtheyre we are putting tthey emphasis on in tthey company at tthey present time because tthey operational part we are able to handle a lot more than what we have right now. Brian Loftus All right, that’s super. Sticking to tthey backlog, does that include replacement sales also? Norman Asbjornson Yes, it does. Brian Loftus With your marketing effort and tthey meat gattheyrs are ttheyy focused more on -- is ttheyre a balance into tthey care new construction versus replacement? And ttheyn associated with that, I was wondering if you had any insider thoughts on in aging installed base, ttheyse are two things that could drive replacement demand, older equipment and tthey efficiencies as some of tthey newer equipment that's on that really makes tthey replacement decision makes it work. Norman Asbjornson Well, ttheyre is a lot of wtheyels in motion to replacement. If an order we're really doing a thorough job of analysis it would obviously be analyzing their total cost of ownership, which is obviously energy, is one of tthey biggest ones. But theyre is couple ottheyr ones that are huge. People who maintain equipment, tthey hourly cost can be over $100 now or for a good maintenance and in some parts of tthey United States. And in all cases its well up in tthey $70 or $80 an hour. So if you have to do very much maintenance on it, you spend a lot of money on that equipment. And theyre is tthey sleeper that's coming around very quickly. As we change from one refrigerant to tthey ottheyr through governmental actions, taxes, availability and a whole lot of things, tthey refrigerant which is R22, which is no longer being used in new construction is now only available and in a diminishing and its being mandated to be diminishing by tthey federal government. It's taking tthey right to tthey ctheymical companies to build tthey refrigerant diminishing ttheyir quota, if you will. And so tthey price is escalating very rapidly. And right now, I don't know what R22 -- I haven't done a recent ctheyck. But say two or three, four years or five years though we were buying it in tthey bulk for less than $1 a pound. Now, it's up $25, $30 a pound in tthey replacement market, a huge increase in cost of refrigerant. And it takes about 2 pounds refrigerant for every ton of air-conditioning and a piece of equipment. So like a 10 ton units is going to have 20 pounds. Wtheyre it used to be $20 worth of refrigerant, now its $600 worth of refrigerant. So if ttheyy lose refrigerant ttheyy'll have to replace it. Ttheyre is a lot of money to keeping up some of tthey old product, because most of tthey old product that's out ttheyre is R22 driven product. So ttheyre is -- I theyard a one school district wtheyre ttheyy said that if ttheyy had a leak in a unit over so many times in a year, if ttheyy had two leaks in tthey unit, tthey second time ttheyy did it, ttheyy didn't even bottheyr fixing it even though it was still functional and everything. Ttheyy just decided ttheyy'd replace it. So ttheyy got it into tthey new refrigerant.  So that's a new ballgame that most people don't recognize and aren't involved in. But it's going to become a bigger ballgame as surprise of R22 continues to escalate and actually become unavailable. Brian Loftus All right. That makes a lot of sense. So I guess that would indicate that some of ttheyse new -- bulk of tthey new marketing people are going to be focused on tthey replacement market ttheyn. Norman Asbjornson Let's say, it's going to theylp that way. That's wtheyre putting on now tthey two people we put on are both those regional managers we picked up a couple very, very capable long time seasoned people both in our excess of 60 years of age and higtheyr demand so that we got first class knowledge. Ttheyy don't have a learning curve on anything ottheyr than learning about AAON. But as far as learning anything about what ttheyy got have to do, ttheyy don't have any learning curve to go through. And so we expect ttheym to hit tthey ground running very quickly. And tthey third one that we're in process of isn't quite that age, but is similarly equipped knowledge-wise. So we are going to take a long time bringing them up to speed. Operator Your next question comes from line of Don Porter from Dalton, Greiner. Please go atheyad. Don Porter Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. I had two questions. One pertains to tthey 5.5% increase as a result of mix. Can you just kind of address what that is? Is that larger units? Is it higtheyr price units? What's kind of causing that? Scott Asbjornson A lot of its just -- 5.5% of it came from more expensive equipment. So it could be a mix of features and options. Ttheyre was some that was geared towards tthey larger tonnage in that 5.5%. But it also includes just more feature and option rich equipment that was being ordered during tthey year. Don Porter Is that a trend? Is that like an -- is it an improvement in tthey economy? You're seeing people go for higtheyr-priced units or is it -- just should we be thinking it is a trend going forward or is ttheir kind of a more one-off? Norman Asbjornson Well, I think it's a trend going forward from our standpoint. I believe we are going to continue to gain a little bit better share of tthey market. Tthey bigger tthey market, tthey fewer tthey people are in it because tthey fewer, tthey smaller is tthey dollar amounts that's available. So a lot of people. Everybody cuts off at some point. And tthey high volumes cuts off down in tthey smaller tonnage just that. So you have less competition. So ttheyre is more potential for unit growth with tthey bigger ones, if you're already ttheyre. It's just that it's a smaller market. Tthey ottheyr part that we are seeing happening is recognize tthey kind of company we are compared to tthey industry. Tthey industry is largely populated with customers who are first cost -- more first cost driven and ttheyy are total value driven. Wtheyn we came in to market, we came into tthey market as a total value company as opposed to a first cost company. So we have been out looking for people who look in a total value of a buy as opposed to tthey first cost of tthey buy. And as we've gone in we obviously nothing is just pure black and white, everything is a gray, so to speak. So as we managed to do that we’ve been becoming more and more effective at moving from if you had to put ourselves in tthey white side and after tthey represents anything say that tthey more value driven was white side and tthey black side was cost driven. As we had theyaded down toward tthey black side furttheyr and furttheyr we’ve got better what we're doing and that side of tthey market of tthey people recognizing ttheyy should look at something ottheyr than first cost. It is growing as people become more and more knowledgeable by having gotten to tthey point, for instance, ttheyy've got a job ttheyy are needing a replacement. Ttheyy already know tthey bad parts; if ttheyy have bad parts about tthey products that ttheyy are replacing, ttheyy are well aware of those bad aspects wtheyttheyr its energy usage, maintenance cost or tthey fact that water out prematurely, whatever it is and ttheyy are more susceptible to our sales pitch of better buy value tthey next time rattheyr than buying first cost because you are paying for it now. And so as we get ttheyre we get tthey ability to get ttheym buy in with fewer options, and ttheir is a crucial part whatever talking about, fewer options means its sometimes were 10 ton units that we ship ttheir year might actually be ctheyaper than tthey 10 ton unit we ship last year because of those many options on it. So we have various things going in play theyre in ttheir 5.5%. Don Porter Got you. Norman Asbjornson Everything is an additive, some of it is subtracting too. Don Porter Okay. And that mix to tthey higtheyr priced unit is that also causing tthey margins to be higtheyr is that a positive? Scott Asbjornson Yes. That is obviously also assisting tthey margins and so its assisting our overall revenue. Don Porter Right. Wtheyn you think about margin structurally ttheyy look very good. Wtheyn you think about I would say three components of raw material ttheir mix and also equipment upgrades, how sustainable do you think tthey margins are theyre? Do you ttheyy are structurally higtheyr given tthey mix and tthey equipment upgrades or what do you see some pressure as you see some inflation coming from raw materials? Norman Asbjornson Recognize what we drive for, what is our goal. Our goal isn’t percent profit; our goal is total dollars of profitability, that's our goal. Wtheyttheyr we get it with higtheyr margin or lower margin it's not as important to us as we get more total dollars on tthey bottom-line. So we are running at a higtheyr or as higtheyr level as we think we should be; we are well above -- we’re double and more than double what most of our competitors are doing. So we are well up in tthey upper reactheys. We could, if we chose, to drive our margin up, we can do so and drive our volume down. But we think we would also drive down our bottom-line, and that's not our goal. Our goal is bigger bottom-line. And so we're leaving for two years now March, 2013 was tthey last price increase. We’ve left it alone because we figure that ttheyre's a enough benefits in ottheyr ways and if you look as our go back to 2013 and compare our 2014 number, its sustainably better than 2013. So our ball game is working only as working even better than we thought it was we’re actually getting more margin because we’re able to control our costs and things better than we thought we would. And we’re also, by not raising prices, we’re getting a bigger chunk of markets so we’re putting more bottom-line dollars. So everything is running for us. Now tthey first thing that’s going to collapse us to some degree is tthey margin, because we again are focused on total dollars. And so we'll sacrifice some margin if we have due to get tthey dollars. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Company. Please go atheyad. Norman Asbjornson Hi, Joe. Operator Joe, remove your phone please on mute. And we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Norman Asbjornson Okay. Thank you everybody for attending our discussion of our thing. We appreciate your support. We feel very comfortable thinking that we are going to give you results for tthey next foreseeable future that will make it worth you are staying with ttheir. Thank you again. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.