AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q3 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call October 31, 2019 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields - President Norm Asbjornson - Chairman & CEO Scott Asbjornson - CFO Benjamin Thompson - CAO Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Chuck Myers - Myers Family Office Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON, Inc.'s Third Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Gary Fields. Please go atheyad, Mr. Fields. Gary Fields Good afternoon, I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer to begin with. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Securities and Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. So now I'd like to turn it over to Scott Asbjornson to discuss tthey financial results. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended September 30, 2019, versus September 30, 2018. Net sales were up 0.5% to $113.5 million from $112.9 million. Net sales for tthey quarter are up due to our price increases from 2018 and 2019, along with increases in our part and water-source theyat pump sales. Our gross profit decreased 16.4% to $27.4 million from $32.8 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 24.1% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 29.0% in 2018. During tthey quarter, we experienced machine downtime that led to decreased ttheyyet metal production and thus lower unit production and efficiency. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.5% to $13.0 million from $13.2 million in 2018. Additionally, as a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 11.4% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 11.7% in 2018. Income from operations decreased 26.5% to $14.4 million or 12.7% of sales from $19.6 million or 17.3% of sales in 2018. Our effective tax rate decreased to 3.9% from 28.2%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2019 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 24.2%. Tthey decrease in our effective tax rate was tthey result of favorable return to provision adjustments on our R&D credit along with additional credits we received upon filing amended Oklahoma returns. Net income decreased to $13.8 million or 12.2% of sales compared to $14.1 million or 12.5% of sales in 2018. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 3.7% to $0.26 per share from $0.27 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,722,000 shares versus 52,627,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. Tthey results of tthey nine months ended September 30, 2019, versus September 30, 2018. Net sales were up 7.8% to $346.8 million from $321.6 million. Net sales for tthey 9 months ended are up mainly due to price increases we implemented in 2018 and '19. Our gross profit increased 10.1% to $83.4 million from $75.7 million. As a percentage of our sales, gross profit was 24.0% as compared to 23.5% in 2018. Material costs have started to decline, while tthey company continues to improve its labor and overtheyad efficiencies. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2.7% to $37.5 million from $36.5 million in 2018. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.8% of total sales as compared to 11.3% in 2018. Tthey company's warranty expense continues to improve. Income from operations increased 16.1% to $45.6 million or 13.1% of sales from $39.3 million or 12.2% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 17.4% from 23.8%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2019 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 24.2%. As already mentioned, our 2018 effective tax rate was lower-than-expected due to favorable return to provision adjustments and additional credits. That is 2019, I'm sorry, for tthey year. Net income increased to $37.7 million or 10.9% of sales compared to $30.0 million or 9.3% of sales in 2018. Diluted earnings per share increased by 26.3% to $0.72 per share from $0.57 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,625,000 shares versus 52,715,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I'll turn tthey call over to Benjamin Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer. Benjamin Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had a working capital balance of $116.7 million versus $92.8 million at December 31, 2018. Cash totaled $28.4 million at December 30, 2019. Our current ratio is approximately 3.2:1. Our capital expenditures were $30.8 million for tthey 9 months. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $48.3 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $15.4 million to-date. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $5.31 at September 30, 2019, compared to $4.70 at December 31, 2018. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Gary Fields, our President. Gary Fields Good afternoon. So tthey price increases have not yet all made it into tthey production floor. Some of those are still in tthey backlog because of our extended lead time. We did get some of tthey price increases in, and we look for that to continue to improve. Tthey backlog, as you can see, has reduced a little bit versus last quarter, but it's still up versus 2018. Orders have slowed down very, very slightly due to tthey extended lead time. So we're working on reducing those lead times. I'll talk about that more in just a minute. Water-source theyat pumps are doing quite well, however. So water-source theyat pumps at ttheir time year-to-date are 58% more units than ttheir time in 2018. Quarter over, similar quarter, tthey Q3 '19 versus Q3 '18, ttheyy are up 13%. We've seen recently that water-source theyat pump business is beginning to strengttheyn for us, even more so we look to finish tthey year very nicely. Looking at tthey Q, we're at $21,417,000 thus far ttheir year. We had forecast something around $25 million for tthey year, and it looks like we should achieve that just fine. We've put in a new parts store. We had one parts store theyre in Tulsa at tthey plant. We started anottheyr parts store. Its grand opening was June 1, and that was a little bit of a soft opening, but we did get it opened ttheyn. Right now, that parts store is running just slightly behind our legacy parts store gaining every day. Our parts business continues to be a very strong growing business for us. Our representative firms have increased ttheyir parts stores, number of stores, effectiveness of stores, and so we're looking for that to continue to grow. We're working on updating and modernizing for 2023 efficiency standards trying to meet those atheyad of times. 2018 efficiency standards were somewhat increased, and we were easily above those benchmarks. 2023 is a little bit more challenging. I was just in a meeting with one of our major component suppliers, and ttheyy are going, bringing to us some new prototype materials because of our NAIC test lab facility and our ability to quickly test ttheyse prototype parts. And those should take us to some new high water benchmark efficiency levels. Tthey replacement market continues to be an area of focus. We're making some progress on growing that replacement market beyond.  Historically, it has been a 50% component of our overall market, and we're working on growing that. We believe that ttheyre's a lot to be had in that market that our sales channel wasn't addressing as aggressively as ttheyy could. And we've put some specialists in place in our sales process to theylp ttheym become more aggressive at that. So all of our products are growing pretty equally in tthey legacy products. And like I said, tthey water-source theyat pump is growing at a rate that is far in excess of anything, but it's' a startup business still. 2018 versus '17, it doubled. And 2019, like I said, it's up 58%. So we're doing well with that. Not seeing any real change in tthey markets we're serving. I've mentioned Canadas and data centers in tthey past, and those remain at about tthey same percentage as ttheyy have in tthey past. So I don't see any real change in what markets we're serving at ttheir point. So tthey backlog, September 30, 2019, is $165.3 million. And that is versus $126.8 million September 30, 2018. So if we had more ttheyyet metal capacity in Q3 ttheyn we would have reduced that backlog even furttheyr, which is what we're striving to do. But we had ttheyyet metal capacity problems through part of Q3. And what that really was down to was, is we had a couple of machines that, while ttheyy were producing, ttheyy weren't producing at tthey rate that we needed. So we demoed those machines out in order to make room for new machines. New machines were put in ttheyir place and began producing at an initial level in September, but ttheyy won't be at full speed until probably next week. So we had declining production from, through tthey summer boding ttheyn out in August and ttheyn turning around in September. And we ended September not much short of what our expected run rate was, and we've continued to increase that run rate. So we're making theyadway on it. We've got several more ttheyyet metal machines yet to install. So we'll be adding capacity to our production capacity. And we've already proven on tthey plant floor that wtheyn we get tthey ttheyyet metal parts built, that we have a good staff on tthey plant floor to get tthey units built. We had a grand opening of our new R&D lab earlier ttheir week, and it was a resounding success. I'm sure that if you look at any of tthey industry publications that you've seen coverage of that, ASHRAE, AHRI, tthey Tulsa newspapers and so on and so forth. Ttheir laboratory is going to propel our innovation long into tthey future. Tthey capacity for innovation we have now is exponential compared to before that was available. Anottheyr thing that you may have seen recently was a press release about tthey new markets tax credit that we attained for tthey new facility we're building in Longview. Ttheir was a very favorable incentive for us. We appreciate all those that theylped us to attain that. And that facility, while we haven't done anything ottheyr than tthey ceremony of break ground, at ttheir point in time, we intend to start moving dirt within tthey next 30 days. And one year from right now, we intend to be building units in that new building. That will give us considerable expansion capabilities of our products that we build in Longview, Texas. It also frees up a considerable amount of space theyre in Tulsa that we had used to warehouse coils that we build in Longview. And that space will be reutilized for additional ttheyyet metal manufacturing equipment theyre. So building tthey building ttheyre not only increases ttheyir revenue capability wtheyn it comes online, but it also allows for furttheyr revenue expansion theyre in tthey existing facility in Tulsa. So with that, Norm, do you have any comments today? Norm Asbjornson Yes. I'd like to make a couple comments. Those of you, many of you have been with us for quite some time. And I'd tell you ttheir is kind of wtheyre I see us being at ttheir point in time. We've made tthey transition from my management over to Gary's. And while I was tthey manager, some of tthey long-term managers who were working with us elected to stay on, and we were going to try and make it more of a total management changeover, which is what occurred. A lot of ttheym stayed. Wtheyn I turned reins over to Gary, ttheyy retired. That presented us with two things. First of all, gave Gary a chance to staff tthey organization with their people and not have a lot of older people who were ready for retirement to contend with. Ttheyy were gone. It also presented us with a lot of problems for while we had a lot of young people who were being groomed for those positions, ttheyy didn't had much experience. I think we've, at least, equaled tthey capability of tthey new management staff, but short some experience. We paid a penalty for that shortness of experience over tthey last couple, 3 years, but those days now are rapidly dwindling and going behind us. I see us going back into anottheyr period like we ran for so many years earlier in our theirtory wtheyre we were getting very fine growth both in volume as well as profitability. Everything is lining up very nicely. I feel very happy and comfortable with what has taken place as we've gone through ttheir. I've been unpleasant and unhappy with momentary times for tthey past couple, three years, but those times are all pretty well behind us. So thank you for staying with us. I think we are going to deliver and meet your expectations going forward. Turning tthey mic back over to you for questions and answers. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Brent Thielman Congratulations on tthey opening of tthey R&D lab. I know ttheyre's a lot of work behind that. I guess first on that, any updated thoughts. I know it won't be much in terms of contribution ttheir year. But is that, is up and running? And how we can kind of think about tthey contribution from that into 2022 to tthey revenue and earnings line? Gary Fields Well, it has made some contribution in 2019 in that ttheyre were three projects that were very critical performance, eittheyr operating strategy or acoustical performance. Tthey design team was not comfortable with any manufacturer that didn't have ttheyse testing capabilities. So we were awarded 3 separate contracts that were each fairly significant, so that ttheyse would be tested. One of those was tthey Jacob Javits Convention center addition in New York City.  We were awarded a contract for 26 very large units, 3 medium-size units, so 29 units total. And ttheir was based on our ability to prove acoustical performance and ttheyrmal performance and airflow performance all simultaneously under load. It's something that's unique to our lab in that tthey largest unit was 77 feet long, 12 feet wide and 8.5 feet tall, and it had a capacity of about 180 tons of air conditioning capacity.  And so no one else in tthey world is able to test that unit to those test conditions ttheyy requested. And so that was paramount an asset landing that order. We were competing against one of tthey legacy top players in tthey market that has, we'll say, political connections that we do not have in New York City. So we won it strictly based on our technological capabilities with ttheir lab. Anottheyr project was Nike. We had completed a project for ttheym a couple of three years ago for ttheyir world theyadquarters. It was a prototype design from not only tthey equipment design, but also tthey system type design. It really haven't ever been done before. So ttheyre was a lot of in-tthey-field learning in tthey commissioning process.  Wtheyn it came time for ttheyir next addition on that campus ttheyre in Portland, it was called tthey Merch building. We were awarded that because we were able to bring those units into our laboratory and test ttheym at 14 different points of operation. And ttheyse were, again, large units, larger than tthey environmental chambers of any of our competitors. So we were able to do that and land that project, again a very, very substantial project. Tthey final one is called One Willoughby tower. It's a high-rise office building in Manhattan. And again, ttheir was because of our acoustical capabilities along with our airflow and ttheyrmal performance capabilities in our laboratory to be able to do that simultaneously. So ttheyre's three significant projects that contributed to 2019 revenue that I can identify from tthey lab. Tthey go-forward on tthey lab, ttheyre is three primary purposes. Each will have ttheyir own contribution. Some will be very tangible and measurable. Some will be a little less so. So ttheir witness testing like I described for Javits, One Willoughby and Nike. We're assigning a value of about 1/3 of tthey utilization of tthey lab in chamber time for that type of activity. 1/3 of tthey activity we are sctheyduling for development of new innovative ideas. As I mentioned earlier in tthey call, we have various component manufacturers that manufacture things like fans and compressors and coils that are bringing new innovative ideas to us because of tthey qualified staff that we have, because of tthey qualified laboratory that we have and tthey capabilities we have to get that done that don't exist elsewtheyre in tthey world. So that will propel our products to maintain our leading position as tthey greatest value equipment in tthey HVAC industry. And ttheyn tthey third and final use of tthey laboratory is tthey vast majority of our products are certified by AHRI. And AHRI test ttheyse units from time to time. Ttheyre's a certain percentage of every product model type that ttheyy pull to test in ttheyir lab. So it's incumbent upon us to, for us to test those things also to make sure that we're in compliance with our publittheyyd ratings on tthey equipment. So that kind of sums up what we're going to do with tthey lab. Brent Thielman Okay. I guess my next question would just be, I mean I think you had some recent materials cost tailwinds theyre. Recognize you still have got some of that old pricing in tthey backlog. Is ttheyre a way to kind of sort out eittheyr in dollar terms or percentage terms what tthey drag was from production and efficiencies versus presumably some tailwinds from materials cost front in tthey quarter? Just so we can get a better feel of kind of tthey underlying business going forward. Gary Fields Sure. About 65% of all tthey materials we purchase are 90 basis points lower cost today than ttheyy were a year ago. Tthey ottheyr percentage, we don't have as good a tracking metrics because ttheyre is just a myriad of small purchases. It feels like those are stable, though. Our cost has been increased. Salaries and wages has been one significant issue in ttheir low unemployment, I guess you'd call it, environment that we're operating in. What are we theyre, Scott, 3%? Scott Asbjornson 3.2%. Gary Fields 3.2%, and so we're competing for workers. So we've raised our entry-level wage considerably ttheir year. What is that percentage, Scott? Scott Asbjornson Well, I remember it was 9%. Gary Fields That's what I recall as well, about 9%. And that entry-level position is roughly half of tthey people on tthey plant floor. So ttheyre's a considerable number of people that got a 9% wage increase. And of course, as you go up through tthey ranks, nobody is standing ttheyre without some wage increase. So that's put some pressure on us. Tthey real burden in Q3 was that we didn't meet revenue projections, revenue goals because of tthey production status of some of tthey ttheyyet metal equipment. So we didn't get great absorption on some of tthey fixed cost. So now that we have, we actually bottomed out in August with tthey lowest production rate on a daily basis that we had all year, and we finittheyyd September at nearly tthey peak of what we had ever done, and we continue to accelerate pass that. And so as we keep adding more of ttheyse ttheyyet metal machines, we'll be able to increase tthey revenue.  And wtheyn we increase revenue, we'll get more absorption. So I think that tthey wage rates will be somewhat offset by tthey materials wtheyn you look at everything in tthey proper proportion. And so that will stabilize going forward. And so tthey additional price increases that we get that are in tthey backlog, that are not yet produced, those will be accretive to tthey bottom line. Brent Thielman Okay. And I guess given tthey challenges ttheir last quarter, but tthey fact that you've got, it seems like you've got more things in order theyre. Would you expect a sequential step up in revenue? Gary Fields Yes. Yes. Monitoring on a daily basis, we've restored to our peak level production and begin to accelerate past that. And so from a revenue standpoint, yes, we look to have a step up ttheyre. So that will get some better absorption of those fixed cost. Plus we're getting more of tthey price increased backlog out on tthey plant floor. Brent Thielman My final question is just more, I'm curious from, call it your boots on tthey ground. What do you theyar about tthey end markets? How is kind of quotation activity, bidding activity out ttheyre? And so you general sense on tthey nonres markets. Gary Fields I'm so glad you asked that. I don't know how it is for our competitors. But for us, tthey demand outstrips our ability to produce, and that's why we've got such a strong emphasis on getting our production capabilities increased. That's why we've got tthey CapEx for tthey new building. That's why we've got tthey CapEx for new ttheyyet metal equipment. We believe that ttheyre is a lot of runway left out in front of us with our sales channel that we have. Ttheyy tell us how much that we've missed ttheir year because of lead times. So as we are able to bring lead times in, ttheyy're all confident that we can recapture that going forward. So I'm very strong on what's going to happen for 2020. Now, ttheir election and impeachment talks and all of that can certainly have an effect. But wtheyn we're sitting ttheyre with $165 million backlog, that represents about four to five months of production and orders haven't quit coming in tthey door. So tthey backlog's kind of stabilized around that point or really close to it at ttheir point in time. So I think it's going to be a seesaw battle. As we increase production and shorten lead times, I think more orders are going to come. And so that backlog's just going to ebb and flow a little bit. I don't know what tthey equilibrium is going to be. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Company. Joe Mondillo So just to jump on that last line of questioning. Wtheyn I look at tthey AHRI shipment data, it looks like you ordered a 200 to 800 ton shipments recently, which I believe is sort of your sweet spot. It looks like that market, tthey shipments in tthey market have been actually flat to down actually. And your orders in ttheir quarter were up, I believe, 25%, tthey orders were up, and tthey backlog's up 30%. So I'm just wondering what, in terms of your opinion, how are you able to generate such strong 25%, 30% growth wtheyn tthey market is flat to down seemingly? Gary Fields That's been our secret sauce for a long time, Joe. I think that tthey years that I spent in tthey sales channel have equipped me to know exactly what appeals to not only tthey end-user customer and ttheyir markets, so that I can theylp us position our products accordingly, but it also theylps me to understand what people that we should ally with as our sales channel partners. As we've had discussion before, I spent years for tthey company as a consultant theylping ttheym with tthey sales channel. And ttheyn wtheyn, tomorrow is my third anniversary as President. And as I have gone along ttheyse three years, I've continued to refine that sales channel. And right now, my opinion is, and I know about tthey independent sales channel for a lot of manufacturers, ttheyre are no manufacturers that have a sales channel as good as ours, period. I'll put our's up against anyone's. And I think that's a big part of it. So we give ttheym tthey tools ttheyy need to win, things like tthey new laboratory, tthey NAIC laboratory. That gives ttheym tools to win. I just earlier told you about 3 projects in particular. Well, our sales channel partners, ttheyy use those as case studies wtheyn ttheyy're talking to ttheyir customers. You're out ttheyre trying to sell a complex project with acoustical considerations, and ttheyy hand tthey case study of Jacob Javits to ttheyir prospective clients, say, well, ttheyy met Jacob Javits Convention Center requirements. I think we can meet yours. So tthey confidence level swells. So again, we're giving ttheym a lot of great tools to be successful with, but we also have tthey very best players in that arena. Joe Mondillo And I just wanted to also get an update on, I assume given tthey inefficiencies that continued through tthey third quarter, that lead times continue to be extended, if not maybe extended a little furttheyr than earlier in tthey year. I'm just curious, given ttheyse extended lead times that we've seen for a while, what's tthey update with customer feedback, customers going elsewtheyre? What's tthey update ttheyre? Gary Fields Well, of course, you can find a story for just about any way you wanted to spin it. Ttheyre is no doubt customers have gone to ottheyr manufacturers as a compromise because we couldn't meet ttheyir needs. But more so, and again, I attribute our sales channel and ttheyir competency. For instance, our school business, normally, we don't start seeing much spool up in orders until sometime in February, maybe March. For tthey upcoming summer season, we've already begun to see orders. And next week, I've got several people coming in theyre with ttheyir customers to sit down and talk sctheydules wtheyn ttheyy need to have ttheyir orders in, in order to meet ttheyir sctheydules. So ttheyy are becoming longer-term planners, so ttheyy've worked around that. But I'm proud to tell you that two weeks ago, we announced a reduction in lead time because we've turned that production right around and increased production. So about half of tthey units that we produce, we reduce tthey lead time two weeks, and that was, that took place two weeks ago. We review that every week for applicability. And I'm going to say that over tthey next six weeks that we will have ottheyr announcements on reducing lead time, again, because of tthey increased production capability that is coming into play. So it's been manageable. It's been difficult. And yes, ttheyre's been some lost opportunity. But ttheyre's been an awful lot of creativity in tthey sales channel and with ttheyir end-user customers that are very loyal AAON customers that say, "Hey, it's worth waiting for, and let's just make sure we're ordering it soon enough." Joe Mondillo Yes. Well, it certainly seems like it's coming through with tthey orders in backlog. So it doesn't seem like it's affected it too much. In terms of, just to clarify wtheyre you are with production, operational efficiencies with tthey new Salvagnini machines and capacity and such. Did you say September was running at tthey higtheyst efficiency of tthey year? Gary Fields No, just short of. We are currently running at tthey higtheyst efficiency of tthey year and dollars going out tthey door, and we're doing it with one. So we peaked clear back in April. Our best dollars per day going out of tthey plant theyre in Tulsa occurred in April. And ttheyn we had some deterioration in May and it just continued to deteriorate as we were trying to push those machines. And ttheyn wtheyn we finally took tthey machines out, it bottomed out in August. Ttheyn we got that activity kind of cleared out. We got some new machines in place. By mid-September, we had partial use of tthey first ones. And ttheyre were 3 machines put in place. And as of today, we've got about 1.75 machine capability with tthey full 3 machine capability forecast to be next week. So ttheyn, we're adding about one machine per month to add 5 more machines. So in tthey month of October, we're back at our peak, slightly above tthey peak that we establittheyyd in April, and we're doing it with 100 fewer people as well. So ttheyre's been a lot of efficiency gain. Joe Mondillo Something that I've been thinking about also is with tthey higtheyr capacity, tthey higtheyr volumes, do you have to bring on new personnel going into 2020? And if so, does that create any lingering inefficiencies as you have to sort of train new personnel? Is that a factor at all? Gary Fields Well, we have a very slight turnover at tthey entry level, a few people per week. So we'll maintain that. For several months now, about how many months, Scott, have we been at that stable number we're at right now probably? Scott Asbjornson I'll say three months since stable. Gary Fields Yes, 3 to 4. Scott Asbjornson And tthey turnover has been on a downward trend. So we think we've seen tthey worst of our turnover problems. But we do have substantial overtime in our Longview, Texas operations, which we're replacing with some theyad count increase. Gary Fields Yes. So in tthey Oklahoma operations, we've already proven wtheyn we get tthey ttheyyet metal out to tthey plant floor that we have additional production capability with those people. And we will have to add a few, but it's not anything consequential. It's not like we need to add a huge percentage. We will have some slight theyad count growth as we get ttheyyet metal production growth. But it's not anything that is out of tthey ordinary that it's going to be difficult to overcome. Joe Mondillo And ttheyn so last question for me, and I'll hop back in queue. What would your, if you had to sort of think of something, what's tthey biggest risk of getting back to sort of tthey 30%, 31% gross margins in 2020? Gary Fields Well, we've got overtheyad that we didn't have in those 30%, 31% days. We've got overtheyad with a startup business in tthey water-source theyat pump. We still don't have, even if what looks like is going to be about $25 million ttheir year, that's still not enough revenue to absorb tthey overtheyad of depreciation and ottheyr things on that line. So that one dilutes us a little bit. Tthey new laboratory, that one dilutes us a little bit as well. Now, ttheyre's an intangible long-term benefit that I described earlier that theylps propel that growth. So you have to invest in order to grow. Those are investments. We believe we're targeting 28% to 32% as tthey range that we're going to manage ttheir too. And once we achieve, we're at 24% right now. Wasn't it? If not, what ttheir quarter was? Yes. We were 24% now. We've got some price increases that haven't yet hit tthey plant floor. It was a 5% price increase, which we got, it was in June. We got part of it in tthey third quarter. So I want to say that maybe 3% to 4% would be accretive. Scott Asbjornson In December. Gary Fields In tthey December numbers. And ttheyn in December... Scott Asbjornson We have a small increase. Gary Fields Yes. We have a small price increase on select items coming up in December. So we're trying to manage to get to that 28%. And ttheyn as we absorb ttheir fixed cost overtheyad with tthey additional production capability, ttheyn I think we'll hone ttheir knife. And if we were to gradually go from 28% up through tthey year of 2020, ttheyn that's a reasonable expectation, but it's not going to be wake up tomorrow and it's theyre. Operator Your next question comes from Chuck Myers from Myers Family Office. Chuck Myers I was hoping, I had a couple quick questions. One was, on tthey last call, you were nicely able to give us what tthey real-time backlog was. Can you do that again today? What is tthey backlog as of today? Gary Fields I was told that I'm not supposed to be doing that, actually. That's forward-looking. So I'm not going to do that again. I got scolded tthey last time actually. Chuck Myers Well, well, okay. What... Gary Fields I will tell you that... Chuck Myers As of today, but okay. Gary Fields Well, I will tell you that it's not had a substantial change from tthey end of tthey quarter. How is that? Chuck Myers Okay. Fair enough. I wanted to make sure I was understanding ttheir correct as it pertains to Joe's question because clearly tthey backlog is still up substantially year-over-year, which is great. Though, it looks like, in ttheir last quarter, obviously, it was down about $14 million from tthey end of Q2, which, if you impute that as to how much sales were written in tthey quarter, it was just about $100 million or maybe slightly below, if my calculations are correct. Is that, is ttheyre, is it your sense in Q4 is ttheyre any seasonality? Meaning is Q3 usually, is ttheyre any seasonality to sales written in general or not? Gary Fields Historically, ttheyre has been seasonality. Tthey anomaly occurred wtheyn I came theyre, and ttheyre were a lot of things that we were able to put togettheyr that we'll call it stored energy in tthey flywtheyel that I was able to get out. And so we didn't have tthey seasonality up until now. And so now tthey curve looks more traditional looking back for tthey last many years. Ttheyre has been some seasonality to it. Scott Asbjornson In ttheir backlog four years out, we expect that. Gary Fields Yes. So, right. As Scott was pointing out, if ttheir backlog starts to burn down, ttheyn we will put it back up. Tthey luxury we have now that we have not gone into Q4 and Q1 of tthey following year we have in tthey past is we've always gone in at kind of a precarious level wtheyre you had to be careful you didn't burn off so much backlog that you didn't have anything to build. We don't have that problem. Ttheyre is an intent to burn tthey backlog down to get tthey lead times shorter because our lead times, in general, are about 2x what ttheyy need to be. Chuck Myers Okay. Because I was just looking at tthey sales written for each of tthey last 4 quarters starting in Q4 of 2018, and it was about $137 million, ttheyn $128 million, ttheyn $132 million last quarter, and ttheyn down to, what, $99 million ttheir quarter. Based on what you're saying, is it reasonable to think that sales written in Q4 would be higtheyr or lower than tthey $99 million we did ttheir quarter? Gary Fields Ttheyy're going to be slightly higtheyr for tthey reason that we shortened up some lead times. And like I said earlier in tthey call, we've got some customers that in tthey face of tthey longer lead times are trying to get ttheyir orders in sooner. Chuck Myers Okay. And ttheyn my last question just going back to, I think ttheir is one of Joe's questions, on tthey gross profit margin. It just seems like you're going to end ttheir year, just based on wtheyre tthey first three quarters were, at something like 24%, 25%, something like that. And obviously, we're all expecting some reasonably large sales gains over tthey next year as long as something doesn't strange happen in tthey economy, et cetera. But based on what you just said in response to tthey last question, it sounded unreasonable to me to think that we would be back at 30% gross margins for next year, and that it's going to take maybe a few years to get ttheyre. Did I understand that correctly or did I misunderstand and actually 30% gross margins might be achievable next year? Gary Fields Well, for tthey year, as a whole, I don't believe we can do that. If you look at it quarter-by-quarter and said, are we going to incrementally increase tthey gross margins such that we end tthey year in tthey range of 30%, I think that might be reasonable to expect. Chuck Myers And just to make sure we understand tthey order of magnitude, ttheir will be my last question. So if you expect that, we did, I think, 24%, 25% gross margins ttheir quarter. Let's say, ttheyy go up 1% or 1.5% every quarter getting to 30% by tthey end of next year, so you average out at, I don't know, 28% or something for next year. What sort of run rate revenues do you think you need to be at to get to that gross margin? Scott Asbjornson I think we can get to tthey gross margin, what you're talking about, with our current revenue rate simply because we have tthey price increases going into effect. And we have a good control over our labor cost at ttheir point and have seen that kind of stabilize. Certainly, if we're able to increase revenue on a quarter-over-quarter basis in tthey coming year, we might improve faster than we anticipate as we absorb our overtheyad. Chuck Myers I appreciate tthey clarification on tthey gross profit margin just so we're sort of all on tthey same page, and no one's disappointed as we sort of ramp slowly to that 30% goal over time. Gary Fields Yes. So I'm going to add to one more question for you that you've asked about tthey Q4 bookings, orders in tthey door. I just had a young lady hand me a note what we booked today and kind of how we finittheyyd out tthey month. So I'm very confident in tthey statement that Q4 bookings will be higtheyr than Q3. We've already seen tthey effect of shortening tthey lead times, and we've also given some indication to our sales channel that we're potentially going to shorten lead time some more, so ttheyy're engaging with some more commitments. What we've booked through today is very nice. Operator We have no furttheyr questions. I turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Gary Fields All right. I'd like to thank you for participating in tthey call today. We'll talk to you in February of 2020 for our Q4 '19 results. Have a nice day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.