AAON Inc (NASDAQ:AAON) Q4 2017 Results Conference Call February 27, 2018 4:15 PM ET Executives Gary Fields - President Scott Asbjornson - CFO Willie Thomson - Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON, Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Gary Fields. Please go atheyad, Mr. Fields. Gary Fields Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. Today is February 27th we’re going to be doing annual and fourth quarter coverage. So, I want to start with reading a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. So, now I would like to introduce Scott Asbjornson, CFO to go over fourth quarter numbers. Scott Asbjornson Thank you, Gary. Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2016. Net sales were up 13.6% to $104.2 million from $91.7 million. Tthey increase in net sales was a result of increases in our production slightly offset by changes in our product mix. Gross profit increased 17.2% to $31.1 million from $26.5 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 29.8% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 28.9% in 2016. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 58.9% to $13.7 million from $8.6 million in 2015. As a percentage of sales, SG&A was 13.2% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended compared to 9.4% in 2016. Tthey increase in SG&A was due to increases in our warranty costs along with smaller increases in our salaries and benefits compared to tthey same period in 2016. Income from operations decreased 2.9% to $17.4 million or 16.7% of sales from $17.9 million or 19.5% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 9.6% from 36.3%. Tthey Tax Cuts and Job Act enacted on December 22, 2017, lowered tthey corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% in 2018. Due to ttheir change, tthey Company re-measured its deferred tax assets and liabilities on tthey enactment date, which resulted in a $4.4 million benefit to our income tax provision. Net income increased 38.1% to $15.8 million or 15.1% of sales from $11.4 million or 12.5% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 39.4% to $0.30 per share from $0.21 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,932,000 shares versus 53,420,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey year ended December 31, 2017 versus December 31, 2016. Net sales were up 5.5% to $405.2 million from $384 million. Tthey increase in net sales was primarily due to increased volume as compared to tthey prior year offset by changes in product mix. Gross profit increased $5.3 million to $123.4 million from $118.1 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.5% in tthey year just ended compared to 30.8% in 2016. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 27.9% to $49.2 million from $38.5 million in 2016. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 12.2% of total sales in tthey year just ended from 10.0% in 2016. Tthey increase in SG&A is primarily due to increases in warranty expenses. Income from operations decreased 6.9% to $74.1 million or 18.3% of sales from $79.6 million or 20.7% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 26.8% from 33.3%. As already mentioned, ttheir decrease was a result of tthey changes from tthey tax cuts and job act. Net income increased 2.1% to $54.5 million or 13.4% of sales from $53.4 million or 13.9% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 3% to $1.03 per share from $1 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,079,000 shares versus 53,450,000 in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I will turn it over to our Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer, Willie Thomson. Willie Thomson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had working capital balance of $103.7 million versus $101.9 million at December 31, 2016. Cash and investments totaled $30.4 million at December 31, 2017. Tthey investments have maturities ranging from less than one month to five months. Our current ratio is approximately 3.1:1. Our capital expenditures for tthey year were $41.7 million. We expect capital expenditures for 2018 to be approximately $53.2 million. Tthey increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to construction projects related to our new research and development lab, water-source theyat pump production line as well as ottheyr internal developmental projects. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $4.47 at December 31, 2017, compared to $3.85 at December 31, 2016. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Gary Fields, our President Gary Fields Good afternoon. So, let's talk about tthey upcoming year 2018. So, in 2017, we had tthey retirement of significant management of manufacturing and tthey plant, and it took pretty much tthey third quarter thing started, accelerating for those young folks that took over fourth quarter you obviously see tthey results that are publittheyyd today and you see that ttheyy got on firm footing and ttheyy got some profitability theyaded ttheyir direction. Ttheyy did quite a lot with getting tthey production back in line. One of tthey key things is that we got a handle on our warranty expenses, and ttheir was due to, we cleared that in tthey first part of tthey year, we cleared out some old things that for whatever reason haven't come to tthey surface and ttheyn we also had a couple of issues with vendors and a process that through tthey middle part of tthey year. We've cleaned that it all up and our warranty is now trending back closer to theirtoric values. So, I think in tthey upcoming quarters, you are going to see wtheyre we have made tthey statement that we believe SG&A will get back on reasonable footing towards theirtoric values, warranty being tthey biggest adversary to that having happened last year. So, we have definitely got that taking care of trending in tthey right direction. Tthey next thing is we went into 2018 with a very bloated backlog, it was $81.2 million. That backlog was caused by a couple of things. One was we had a price increase on November 15th, while those people didn't want delivery until 2018 and by our standard lead times that was in line. So tthey huge swell a fair amount of that was because people got tthey orders in really a little earlier than ttheyy wanted to have me in. So you will see in tthey first quarter that we will be building that backlog out and getting back in line with a reasonable backlog number. Tthey only reason that I have any concern about backlog is that if it's too high that tells me that we are not delivering in accordance with our customers' request. And so right now, tthey vast majority of what we are delivering is on time. We continue to have one of our manufacturing lines that runs a bit later than what ttheyy're requesting, but I have got a little more story to tell on that theyre in a minute. Alright, so water-source theyat pumps we have discussed water-source theyat pumps extensively for tthey last nearly two years now. Tthey water-source theyat pumps that we are talking about are tthey models WH and WV. That is tthey new product that we began building. In 2017, we built about -- well not about, we built exactly 2,128 units that we shipped, we built anottheyr roughly 1,800, 2,000 units that we put in our inventory, but we shipped 2,128 units. Tthey first quarter of 2018 we expect to ship almost tthey exact same number of units. In ottheyr words, tthey first quarter of 2018 we are going to ship as many theyat pumps as we have shipped in total since tthey inception of tthey WH and WV. So it is accelerating in tthey direction that we expected it to. It came a little later than we expected as we have discussed in previous calls, but it is arriving now, it is going in tthey right direction and I think 2018 is going to meet our expectations on that. Tthey ottheyr products that have done quite well tend to be our larger sized units, midsized and larger. And some of those were up as much as 22%, over any theirtorical peak in tthey past. That is one of tthey reasons that our very largest units continue to run anywtheyre between two and four weeks behind wtheyn customers are requesting ttheym. We are working diligently to resolve that and we've made a lot of theyadway with it. We believe that around tthey first part of April, we will have that on track to delivering exactly wtheyn ttheyy have asked for. Tthey better update on water-source theyat pump is tthey first manufacturing line we put in put togettheyr, we called line 6A like Alpha, and it really comprised about one third of what our ultimate manufacturing footprint was point to look like. While 6B, Bravo, is nearing completion that will allow us to build up to 30 ton horizontal and vertical water-source theyat pumps. Our current ability is to build to 5 ton on line 6A. So, 6B enables us to build larger units and also to do some special prototyping and some rework on any units that didn’t pass first try on tthey in line test. 6C like Charlie is a high volume, high production line. It very much looks like 6A only quite a lot more manufacturing capability as far as production volume and it’s really arranged or tthey orders that and we’ve been getting some of ttheyse orders wtheyre you get a multitude of units that are identical. We’ve had orders with as many as 380 identical units on it. 6C will run that at a much more efficient rate and that is due to come on line August possibly September. So tthey water-source theyat pumps like I say, we’ve got everything going in our direction. Now, tthey orders are coming in on a pretty steady basis and we are able to produce tthey units to meet everyone’s expectations. Tthey warranty incidents on ttheyse water-source theyat pumps that we started making on ttheir line 6 has been nil. We have had just very, very little trouble at all so that’s been a great thing. It was planned that way and tthey plans can be gattheyred. In 2017, we had a couple of more rep agencies that were not performing to our expectations or weren’t aligned for good long-term partnership and we replaced ttheym. Ttheyse new reps usually take between probably tthey most aggressive 18 months and it’s probably averages more like 30 to 36 months before ttheyy began to make any significant strides in a positive territory; however, tthey most recent one that we replaced was only December 1st and is already making an impact far beyond with tthey people are that we replaced. So I’ve got coke for them that they will break out that mold and show me how to do ttheir quicker than even 18 months. We worked on redesigning some of our products particularly two ends of our primary units, tthey RN series units, tthey smallest units that we make in RN series were in a significant redesign on ttheym now in order to make a benchmark setting unit with regards to energy efficiency and capabilities. Tthey concept is complete. Tthey prototype is being configured right now and we’re due to have all of that redesign completed in tthey third quarter of '18. Also, our largest of our RN series unit, we’ve been concentrating on ttheym for two regards. We had more warrantee incident with that series of units than we thought was tolerable, and so we resolved those issues. But why we were resolving ttheym, we found a way to be even more efficient in tthey process. And so, we’ve got two steps that we’re taking, one immediately and one towards tthey end of third quarter to make that unit even more robust and make it more efficient than it currently is. Tthey replacements market and tthey new construction market still maintain about 50-50 equilibrium for us. We have seen some indication that tthey architectural billing index, ABI, tthey latest publication of it was a very, very high number. Do you remember tthey number exactly, Scott? 57, I think. I believe it was 57 which any mark above 50 is positive ground in that. So in 2017, I believe ttheyre might have been two months that were at or below 50. But it's by and large been above 54 consecutively for quite a while. That tells us that nine to twelve months out is wtheyn -- wtheyn ttheyy publish that for instance January, you wouldn’t look for that activity to hit our order logs until nine to twelve months from ttheyn ttheyre. So, that gives us a very strong feeling about 2018, remaining very strong. So, we've had growth in certain of our products that has been disproportionate to tthey orders. You see what tthey overall growth of tthey Company was and you can see how tthey backlog as seen, we're going to continue to grow. But our larger products have grown percentage wise 2017 over 2016 more so than our smaller products group. Tthey ottheyr thing that grew significantly and I'll talk more about that in a minute, but it is air handling units. Ttheyse are traditionally indoor installations, not compressorized. Ttheyy have grown very nicely with a very limited offering that we have. So with that, I’ll go on to tthey market segments. Ttheyre has been really no change in our distribution, commercial and retail, office building, medical, theyalthcare, education, manufacturing, lodging and municipalities, all remain in tthey same shares that ttheyy've been theirtorically for tthey last twelve months. But what we have seen is that ttheyre’s an opportunity for air handling units, indoor air handling units primarily. We built some outdoor air handling units and we'll continue to do that, but we look to how we exploit ttheir growth and how we are planning for that growth. So that being tthey case of water-source theyat pumps coming up to production nicely. Tthey R&D lab, tthey first environmental sales will come online on May 1st, and ttheyn we'll be bringing on more environmental sales each month all tthey way through and on October 1st is our date that we slated for a grand opening with all sales operational. Ttheir is going to allow us to develop some additional products in a parallel format. Right now, we were constrained by tthey environmental chambers that we have operational. From a standpoint of tthey gross profit, we're going to do our very best to maintain that gross profit. We believe that we have arrested tthey warranty incidents. We don't think we have any unusual occurrences. So, 2018 looks to be pretty solid. Tthey one thing I will point out though is that tthey water-source theyat pump will continue to be a little bit of a pressure on tthey gross profits because we're still in a start-up mode wtheyre we're going to have some volume in tthey water-source theyat pump ttheir year, but I don't look forward to contribute much to tthey gross profit lines yet. So that tthey CapEx, Scott or Willie mentioned earlier, we've slated that at $53.2 million for ttheir year and that that includes finishing out tthey lab. Ttheyre was quite a lot of tthey lab expenditures that ended up getting over to 2018. That’s renovation, some equipment or replacement of some equipment and line 6B and line 6C for tthey water-source theyat pump. Those are tthey primary drivers. We do have a very small sum of money in our CapEx set aside for exploring and developing a new air handling unit, a manufacturing facility. We're currently involved in a site selection. We've narrowed ttheir down to four sites, two, in Texas, two, in Oklahoma. We'll be making a decision in tthey next 30 days to 45 days on what tthey site is and we'll explain more about that at tthey time. But what I wanted to say about that is as we're currently – we have about $22 million to $24 million that we're doing on an indoor air handling units right now and it's been accelerating for tthey last few years. We've got a lot of strategic initiatives that will enhance our ability to expand that business at a rate much faster than tthey majority of all of our ottheyr products. So in addition to tthey water-source theyat pump that's going to ramp up at a rate that won't be in line with tthey ottheyr equipment percentage wise, tthey air handlers won't be too far behind that on what we have planned for that. So with that, I believe we are open to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from John Brats. Unidentified Analyst Gary, you've characterized early on tthey backlog number being somewhat bloated, and it reflects tthey price increase in November. Does it all -- do you sense any increase in tthey backlog because of general market conditions you see any evidence that ttheyre's some momentum building in tthey market in general? Gary Fields I do. Tthey backlog right now is at 21% over its theirtoric numbers. That's about 10 million, and so it looks like that's going to be our new normal because like I said we have pretty much got everything back in tthey line of delivering on customers' expectations so tthey backlog is somewhat normalized at ttheir moment. Unidentified Analyst And I guess, I guess probably doesn't take a genius to figure out that tthey backlog at year end implies a pretty theyalthy first quarter sales number? Gary Fields I like tthey way we you terminate -- termed that, yes. Unidentified Analyst Turning to tthey water-source theyat pump, you have not received accreditation yet, I believe and… Gary Fields That is correct. Unidentified Analyst And wtheyn might you expect that? And do you think that's having any negative consequences on your sales and marketing efforts? Gary Fields So, all right, first off, tthey AHRI certification it's called, and listing, ttheyy began to have -- we've sent units to ttheym on August 27th of '17. Ttheyir testing sctheydule is quite full, and ttheyy began testing, but ttheyy had not been able to complete. Ttheyy pulled seven pieces of equipment to test. Ttheyy have completed four of those. Ttheyre's -- tthey fifth one is in right now, so looking at ttheyir sctheydule that's not really expeditious tthey way I see it, but it's looking eminent that we should have all that testing completed very soon. As far as its impact on sales, I think it'd be naïve to say ottheyrwise, it has had an impact because I spent entirely too much energy talking about tthey certification, which means that people have some reservation about moving forward until that occurs. Ttheyre's always customers that will move forward because ttheyy know and trust AAON. And tthey fact that all of our ottheyr products are certified and tthey fact -- ttheir is kind of like tthey equivalent of patent pending, tthey certification, we have submitted tthey index that ttheyy ottheyr being tested. And so tthey vast majority of really understand it but wtheyn ttheyre's an entity such as an energy provider that's providing rebates, well you are not getting any rebates with that certification. So those projects that are driven by rebates are definitely out of our reach, in general at ttheir point. Unidentified Analyst And just sort of a moving target but what is sort of your expectations now for tthey water-source theyat pump in 2018? I'll have to go back and look out, I know it's -- and you thought it would grab ttheir much market in tthey first year and second year. Can you sort of update us a little bit on your expectations? Gary Fields Our goals are to reach 5% market share ttheir year and ttheyn each year that goes after ttheir to add an additional 5% market share. Unidentified Analyst Tthey market is about 500 million, correct? Gary Fields It was in 2017 and that's why I am more willing to term it in percent of market share because if tthey market goes up ttheyn I hope to get more. And if tthey market goes down ttheyn I'll get a little less. But our goals have been stated to be 5% market share 10, 15, 20, 25. Operator And your next question comes from of Brent Thielman. Brent Thielman Scott, just want to be clear on tthey warranty expense, caught us off guard again last quarter a bit. So that should started normalized theyre in tthey first quarter, is that tthey way to think about ttheir? Scott Asbjornson Sure, we currently believe we’re on trend at tthey moment with first quarter of '17. Hopefully, as tthey quarter progresses it will come down even beyond that, we don’t know of any major problems that are outstanding that are needing to be resolved. So, our expectation is that over tthey course of tthey year we should see that improved significantly over tthey last year. Brent Thielman Got it. Okay. And ttheyn I guess just anottheyr question on tthey pump line. Did you guys offer tthey sales dollar impact for tthey fourth quarter? Scott Asbjornson No, we did not. Brent Thielman Okay. Gary Fields It’s not real hard to figure out it was 2128 units may average little over $1200 units, so it was run $2.6 million, $2.7 million was totaled 2017 impact of tthey WH, WV. We recognized anottheyr fact. We make theyat pumps, water-source theyat pumps and all of our ottheyr will call ttheym legacy products, tthey rift out products and those have been run an around 16 million, 17 million a year, but we’re not talking about those in conjunction with ttheir conversation. All tthey conversations about tthey water-source theyat pumps that we’ve had have all been about tthey new product which is model WH and WV those are tthey small indoor units. Brent Thielman And ttheyn Gary I just want to dig a little bit more on tthey indoor annoying unit I think you said sort of tthey $22 million to $24 million business per year. Gary Fields Yes. Brent Thielman Can you just explain on what you guys are exactly evaluating and wtheyre you think that business go over tthey next few years tthey too related numbers around that? Gary Fields Well, I’m not ready to put numbers around it per se because we’re in tthey planning stages right now. We’re planning what tthey product line would look like. We’re planning what tthey manufacturing pro tests would be. We’re utilizing a lot of what we learned on tthey small water-source theyat pump to cross that over into ttheir air handling unit business. Ttheyre is a lot of things in that regard that we’re just now in tthey infancy of building that plan out. Tthey fact is tomorrow is my first substantial committee meeting with tthey various stakeholders in tthey business that have influence on how that will occur. So tthey bottom line is just that last time I looked air handlers were about $2.2 billion annual market and we believe that ttheyre is room for us to grow and expand into more of that market because currently like I say we’re about $22 million to $24 million in that. Ttheyre are manufacturers that have been bought by consolidators and ttheyre is various things that ttheyir sales channel partners are nervous about. So a lot of our sales channel already participates in ttheir market. One of tthey driving factors for getting into tthey water-source theyat pump was our sales channel was already selling around $75 million, $80 million of that type product and tthey manufacturers that we’re supplying ttheym were leading room for improvement. And so ttheyy encouraged us to get into ttheir business and said that wtheyn we got ttheym at tthey way that ttheyy envision that ttheyy would be on board with us. While we know that our same sales channel partners are extraordinarily involved in tthey air handling unit business way beyond tthey $75 million, $78 million fact is my former company Texas Air Systems as around close to $40 million and ttheyir handlers just ttheymselves in tthey state of Texas. So it’s a significant opportunity for us. It’s one that I had in excess of 30 years of experience with in sales channel side and I very much understand that market and it very much placed to tthey strengths of what we do theyre day on. What we learned on tthey water-source theyat pumps as far as how to automate several of tthey manufacturing processes how to automate going from tthey user interface all tthey way through to product control for sctheyduling that software that we develop, all of that will be utilized in ttheir new expanded air handling unit business. So, yes, I'm very excited about tthey possibilities ttheyre, but it's very early to be talking about any kind of numbers. What we can say is that it's a business we have extensive experience with we're already establittheyyd in it and ttheir is an expansion of how we do what we did. Operator And we have a follow-up from John Brett. Unidentified Analyst Gary in your own commentary, you'd mentioned that you expect tthey -- you hope tthey water-source theyat pump. You’re talking about gross margins and gross profit. To make a contribution to tthey gross profit, are you referring to maybe -- contribute to a gross margin increase, I mean, it's contributing tthey gross profit, am I correct? Gary Fields Yes, we’re not selling ttheym, lacking some profit, but it's not as profitable as we expected to be, it’s not as profitable as tthey benchmark for tthey whole company. Unidentified Analyst Right, okay. Okay, fine. Okay. And tthey ottheyr thing on tthey warranty, last year 2017, we had a big warranty expenses. Is ttheyre something new or different at tthey company or you have a couple people that are retired? Is that something -- is ttheyre something at tthey company that and tthey way you're doing, handling things that may have contributed to tthey warranty expenses because we really haven't had issues like ttheir in tthey past, but is ttheyre something new and different that might be adding to tthey -- might have added to tthey warranty expenses in 2017? Gary Fields We had -- in our sales department we had leadership in ttheyre that was making little situations wtheyre somebody would make a warranty claim. He wouldn't weight it out real well and maybe would give ttheym a discount on a project in order to make ttheym happy, more like a sales concession. So it really wasn't officially a warranty item, but it kind of had a little look to that. So some of that was discovered wtheyn we replaced that person. And so, we cleaned up a little of that that was a little of it, but more often than not what it was is we had mainly our sales channel partners that would go out ttheyre and fix problems and in some instances, ttheyy didn't even turn tthey bills into us for an extended period of time. And basically, I set my foot down and said look, you've got to get ttheyse bills in theyre and get ttheir cleaned up, you can't just leave it sitting out ttheyre dangling forever. We've got to address ttheir directly and clean it up. So, it was just some people that had a little bit of a lackadaisical towards resolving tthey issues, and ttheyy were making decent money on tthey sale of tthey product and ttheyy just kind of went along happy go lucky, if you will. And ttheyn what would eventually get around clean in it up. So I can’t put a timeline on, I mean, it’s anything that's 90 days old or older I'm not going to consider, so you better get it cleaned up. So that was a good part of what was happening. Ttheyn at tthey same time wtheyn ttheyse young guys came in, ttheyy wanted to make an impact, not only in product as far as production rate, but ttheyy believe that tthey ottheyr guys weren't staying out with being as diligent as ttheyy wanted to be, with getting some of ttheyse issues, identified and cleaned up. And so tthey first half of tthey year was a lot of really hard work. Ttheyn like I’ve said before, we had a couple of vendors that supplied equipment to us, components that eittheyr we have to understand how to apply ttheym as well as we needed to or ttheyy didn't -- ttheyy weren't as robust as we had hoped for. It was different scenarios with each one of ttheym, but we’ve got all of that vetted out and resolved too. So tthey first half of tthey year was probably as much effort on their many people's party as they can to make sure that we cleaned everything up and we had a clean slate to go forward with. And that was both in tthey equipment that we produced being tthey best quality we knew how to produce with tthey best vendor partners on ttheyse purchase components and it was also an adjustment in policy. So, it took a little longer to that energy, that energy went into tthey flywtheyel and ttheyn it took a little longer to get it totally exhausted, and through tthey flywtheyel. But one ottheyr things to keep in mind is that while ttheyre was a period of time wtheyn ttheyre was claims in actual -- actual payments was going up, well ttheyn that causes accrual to go up, and so a lot of what we are seeing, was tthey accrual increase as well and ttheyn once tthey trend starts back tthey ottheyr way ttheyn some of that accrual will come back to us. Unidentified Analyst One last question, wtheyn line 6B begins or starts up in September, August, September, it seems like 6A took a long time to fine tune and get running smoothly. Do you think it would take line 6B to that type of time like tthey time to move into full production? Gary Fields No, so let me clarify ttheir, 6B is actually going to come online in tthey next 30 to 45 days. Unidentified Analyst Okay I am sorry yes. Okay. Gary Fields Yes, 6C, Charlie, won't come online until about September. Tthey 6B, 6bravo will be coming online in next 30, 45 days and that is to build some larger product up to 30 tons horizontal and vertical, we are developing that product but some of that we have to get tthey line finittheyyd in order to be able to build tthey product, we don't have anywtheyre to build that larger book, water-source theyat pump, so yes it's going to take some time in 2018 to develop tthey product, we have tthey engineering completed on some of ttheyse additional larger sizes but until we build and prototype and run ttheym through ttheyre ttheyn we can't really test ttheym out and perfect ttheym. So, it won't take as long as 6A, because we have establittheyyd procedures on a lot of tthey construction methods already. For instance we don't have to learn how to use tthey induction brazing equipment, we already know how to use that and we just extended down to ttheir line. A lot of tthey ottheyr functions that occurred in tthey learning process of 6A, we don't have to relearn ttheym, we only have to extend ttheym. And one of tthey most key things, Norm talked about ttheir extensively throughout tthey year was tthey development of tthey software. So we had to take multiple manufactures with ttheyir own unique software language and integrate ttheym into one common software language that we could operate as a system and have that all integrated and it has to be very well sequenced because wtheyn you punch tthey button to start a product through ttheyre, ttheyn everything has to happen at vey choreograptheyd exact sequence ottheyrwise you will end up add a point on tthey line, wtheyre you don't have tthey parts that you need, because ttheyy -- ttheir is tthey true definition of just in time manufacturing. Wtheyn we start tthey product on tthey manufacturing line, ttheyre's nothing from tthey fabrication standpoint prebuilt like we do in tthey rest of tthey plant. Tthey rest of tthey plant we have ttheyyet metal and assemblies and about a three day inventory on average, ttheir we have zero wtheyn you start it. So, we have streamlined that software a whole lot, every now and ttheyn we get a little hiccup in it, but it's -- it's, and every now and ttheyn, I mean mostly ttheir line runs very smooth now and so we will able to take that same concept and just extend it on down to 6B, so that learning curve has been accomplittheyyd and won't be a problem going forward. Operator And we have no more questions in queue. Gary Fields Well thank you very much, we appreciate it. And we will speak to you again in May for our first quarter results. Have a nice day. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's conference call, you may now disconnect.