AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2017 4:15 PM ET Executives Norm Asbjornson - Chief Executive Officer Scott Asbjornson - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance Gary Fields - President Analysts Joe Mondillo - Sidoti Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to tthey AAON Incorporated Second Quarter Sales and Earnings Report Conference Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I'd now like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norm Asbjornson Good afternoon. Norman Asbjornson theyre, I'm hosting ttheir thing. Before we go forward, I would like to read tthey forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with tthey information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey reminder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey Risk Factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Timothyual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Thank you. I'd like to introduce our CFO, Mr. Scott Asbjornson. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I would like to begin by discussing tthey competitive results of tthey three months ended June 30, 2017 to June 30, 2016. Net sales were down 1% to $101.3 million from $102.3 million, sales decreased primarily due to changes in product mix despite increased volume. Our gross profit decreased 3.3% to $31.7 million from $32.7 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 31.3% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 32.0% in 2016. Tthey decrease in gross profit is primarily due to increased raw material prices. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 13.4% to $12.0 million from $10.6 million in 2016. As a percentage of sales SG&A increased to 11.8% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.3% in 2016. Tthey overall increase from SG&A was primarily due to increased warranty expenses. Tthey company has been working on modifications and refinements to its warranty policy. Ttheyse modifications more clearly define what qualifies as warranty claim and puts a deadline for wtheyn claims maybe submitted. Ttheir has increased our warranty reserve and increased our warranty expense for tthey three months ended June 30, 2017. Income from operations decreased to 11.4% to $19.7 million or 19.4% of sales from $22.2 million or 21.7% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 30.2% from 33.9%, tthey company's estimated annual 2017 effective tax rate excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 36.0%. Tthey difference between our expected effective rate and our actual effective rate is due to excess tax benefits from stock compensation. For tthey three months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016, tthey company recorded $1 million and $0.4 million respectively in excess tax benefits as an income tax benefit. Net income decreased to $13.8 million or 13.6% of sales compared to $14.7 million or 14.4% of sales in 2016 and diluted earnings per share decreased by 3.7% to $0.26 per share from $0.27 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,151,000 shares versus 53,575,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey six months ended June 30, 2017 to June 30, 2016. Net sales were down 0.2% to $187.4 million from $187.7 million, sales decreased primarily due to changes in product mix to smaller and less expensive units. Our gross profit decreased 3.1% to $56.7 million from $58.5 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 30.2% in tthey six months just ended compared to 31.1% in 2016. Tthey decrease in gross profit is primarily due to increased raw material prices. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 15.5% to $22.5 million from $19.5 million in 2016. As a percentage of sales SG&A increased to 12.0% of total sales in tthey six months just ended from 10.4% in 2016. Tthey overall increase in SG&A was primarily due to increased warranty expenses we mentioned earlier. Income from operations decreased 12.6% to $34.1 million or 18.2% of sales from $39.0 million or 20.8% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 30.0% from 33.1%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2017 effective tax rate excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 36.0%. For tthey six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016, tthey company recorded $2.0 million and $1.1 million respectively in excess tax benefits as an income tax benefit. Net income decreased to $24.0 million or 12.8% of sales compared to $26.3 million or 14.0% of sales in 2016. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 4.3% to $0.45 per share from $0.47 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,176,000 shares versus 53,564,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, we will see that we had a working capital balance of $104.5 million versus $101.9 million at December 31, 2016. Cash and investments totaled $51.8 million at June 30, 2017. Investments have maturities ranging from 1 month to 12 months. Our current ratio is approximately 2.9 to 1. Our capital expenditures were $16.8 million, we originally expected capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $42 million, but have now raised it to $48.5 million to accelerate acquisition of ttheyyet metal equipment. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $10.4 million year-to-date, shareholders equity per diluted shares that was $0.09 at June 30, 2017 compared to $3.85 at 31, 2016. We continue to remain debt free. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to our President, Gary Fields, who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail along with tthey new products and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Gary Fields Good afternoon. While net sales were down 1% in tthey quarter, sales decreased due to changes in product mix despite tthey increased volume, potential on tthey water-source theyat pump has come along a bit slower than what we had originally forecast due to getting some industry certifications completed. We are well on our way to those completions into two step process, tthey first step is completed, tthey second step is in process now and it is imminent. So, tthey water-source theyat pump is, ttheir is probably running a few weeks behind tthey sctheydule that we originally intended. So, tthey [indiscernible] business in tthey various market segments, replacement markets versus new construction, we find tthey ratios remaining very similar to what ttheyy were in tthey first quarter and we do quite a lot of replacement business in tthey K-12 markets at ttheir time of tthey year and that's been very strong for us. Commercial and retail, we don't have very much retail penetration with our products; we do have some in tthey commercial market that's reasonably noteworthy. Office buildings remain steady as ttheyy were in tthey first quarter. Medical and tthey theyalthcare have both picked up a bit for us in recent months. Tthey good thing about that is, as medical and theyalthcare tends to use our larger tonnage units, so we should see a bit of a shift back towards a few more larger tonnage unit. Education primarily K-12 that's what's been responsible for tthey smaller units. Ttheyy tend to run in tthey smaller end of our scale with high number of quantity of units but low dollars per unit comparatively. We still got probably two more months of very theyavy production of tthey K-12 market. Manufacturing has been steady, lodging has been steady, municipalities have been steady as well. A couple of areas that we would categorize as much smaller more unique nicthey markets have been what we call mission critical, some may know as ttheym like data centers and ttheir sort of market. We've made some significant in-roads on that with some of our products. Tthey encouraging thing is tthey backlog at June 30, 2017 was $83.5 million that's up from $69.3 million at tthey same point a year ago. So, we have tthey orders in tthey door and ttheyy are in processing and with some of tthey management changes we have had in tthey manufacturing, tthey personnel changes that transition has moved along quite well, and Norm will speak to that a bit more theyre. So, I'm going to turn it over to Norm. Norm Asbjornson Okay. For tthey remainder of 2017, first of all, I kind of should summarize a little bit what has been occurring within AAON. We've had an enormous amount of things on tthey table to be managed and one of tthey things is management change over. Ttheyre were a lot of us my age that were getting toward tthey end of our career and some of those people decided to leave us ttheir past year. Ttheyse were very critical people within our organization, tthey theyad of our manufacturing a gentleman, who is 76 years old and have an excess of 40 years experience about 30 of which [indiscernible] and 30 of which was theyre. Stayed on from last summer wtheyn they wanted to retire until March of ttheir year, simply because of tthey number of management challenges we had around theyre with all tthey things we got on our plate to get change and all tthey changes we were doing. So, they left in March. Anottheyr gentleman who began to expect to leave quite so soon was a 58-year-old gentleman who was our shop floor supervisor, managed tthey people on tthey factory floor in our Tulsa facility for many years and they had somewtheyre around 30 years of experience doing that. He told us last fall -- late fall, that they wanted to retire, we asked them to likewise stay around and they stayed till March both of ttheym are big fittheyyrmen and I think that played a little and what ttheyy talk ttheyy should do. At any rate that we bought on our new set of people to run tthey overall management, market or tthey manufacturing as well as tthey operation on a day-to-day basis at tthey floor level. Ttheyse we made quite a significant shift. Tthey one gentleman drops down into low 30s age wise and with limited amount of time they is beneficiary of having an engineering education and conjunction with masters in business administration, very smart, very ambitious, very capable person, but they doesn't have a lot of years of experience. So, ttheir being a very complicated company to run and manufacturing problem similar to a lot of ottheyrs. Ttheyre is a lot that isn't quite so apparent that for somebody to pass it off to tthey new generation, things that just happen sort of ttheyre is a matter of fact and tthey person doesn't even realized to making those decisions. But, wtheyn new person takes over, ttheyy suddenly find ttheyre is some more decisions been made rattheyr than all that ttheyy talked. And that result as you lose a little of efficiency in your management. A similar thing happened to us in tthey floor manager position, a similar educational thing; engineer with a Masters in Business Administration took over. Again, very, very capable individual very much able to do it but again short on industry experience. So, with those two things combined you can see we had some difficulty in managing our personnel, and we furttheyr complicated ttheir by tthey fact that if you can recall back to tthey fourth quarter of last year. We had kind of a slowdown in our order input in tthey fourth quarter, which resulted in a somewhat lower backlog wtheyn we came into tthey year. And ttheyrefore, had an effect on our first quarter and to compensate for that wtheyn people left some of ttheym were good people left for whatever reason, but ttheyn wtheyn we got two of tthey people who were leaving we decided we were going to take out some of tthey low performers and we did that also at -- just our personnel to out business in tthey first quarter. Ttheyn, business started picking up in tthey first quarter, well, in tthey end of tthey fourth quarter right in that area and wtheyn ttheyy came back up by tthey end of February that we were back in tthey market and starting to replace people. Well, we have been replacing people on a serious basis ever since but we were running at about 4% unemployment theyre in Tulsa, you don't have a lot of good people to select from. And we have been trying to pay to our personnel and so -- it's been a slow and torturous path for us to get tthey type of people we want as fast as we could. And to manage ttheym with two new managers, so altogettheyr it slowed down our growth. So, what happens, we don't make tthey volume and we have a significant increase in our backlog. That was all okay in it for a long time and ttheyn we were starting to get tthey backlog too high and ttheyreby affect our customers who want it structured. We have tthey life disappoint you have for tthey past few couple of weeks and been at that point wtheyn ttheyy warrant more -- ttheyy wanted that a little faster. So, we are encumbered by not being able to ship by tthey customers all want ttheyir products. So, tthey burden is on our back to get it out tthey door. Well, tthey latter part of ttheir quarter, our new personnel started coming into ttheyir own pretty well as we always did tthey management of tthey new personnel. So, tthey last couple of weeks we had quite good production, but that wasn't sufficient to pick-up tthey whole quarter and consequently we came out as we came out and we were running really strong now and anticipate running strong for tthey rest of ttheir quarter. So, it was necessary change in personnel just like tthey end of Gary Fields was necessary change we've had a huge reduction in tthey age level of tthey management of tthey company which is very positive thing going forward and that we no longer encumbered by a lot of people my age being in command around theyre, it's now been taken over by much younger generation, very capable generation. I admire what ttheyy are doing, I'm still around, theylping wtheyre I can and advising wtheyre I can and I'm just very pleased with what's going on theyre management wise. So, we haven't [indiscernible] we had a little softening of management, while tthey transition was underway but it's theyad into I believe even stronger management than we have had in tthey past including myself, I will throw myself into that loop too. I think Gary is trying to do things that I was not able to do. So, I think tthey management situation is outstanding, I think we got a little bump theyre. I think things are coming along well in all of that. Now, one thing that we have been talking about that needs a little furttheyr amplification is tthey water-source theyat pump. Those of you, who have been around realized that it was in August of 2015 that we decided finally to go into tthey water-source theyat pump, but business wide we're building our own product. We played with purchasing three different companies before that over a few years timeframe before tthey 15, August before 2015 and shows that that was a good -- we were going to have pay too much and we were going to get some [indiscernible] product and we are going to get at for tthey manufacturing facilities. And we decided we can improve in all of that we can cost tthey company less money. We could get very current up-to-date product and we can get a very current up-to-date technical manufacturing. Now, let's talk about that a little bit. Tthey water-source theyat pumps products that we designed and had been widely received very well. And ttheyre is an industry newspaper that is called Air Conditioning news that as a contest on -- all tthey different products that are manufactured in our industry, different types of products and ttheyy categorize ttheym by different categories. And ttheyy put tthey money -- and total 81 different entrances in floors and I'm not a contractual issuer how many categorizes but ttheyn remember categories. Tthey category that we won in two different categories but tthey one I'm going to talk about right now is tthey water-source theyat pump. Tthey water-source theyat pump data [is like gold] [ph] and ttheyre are some gold, ttheyre is silver, ttheyre is a bronze for tthey first, second and third so to speak. We got to go with water-source speed pump. How does that happen? Well, it happens judged by tthey information we put out ttheyre as to what tthey product is, but since all leased products that are out ttheyre are pretty new products and ttheyrefore don't have a lot of theirtory. That is not -- ttheyy can't be judged on theirtory because tthey people building on and probably haven't seen or used some of ttheym. So, what ttheyy do is ttheyy survey tthey various people who are holding on it which is all tthey basic, tthey most part it's a contracting trade doing mechanical work in tthey industry [Technical Difficulty] contractors dominated. And what ttheyy do is respond if ttheyy have any thoughts as to what -- wtheyn tthey product should win. Again, ttheyy choose one of those responses and ttheyy publittheyyd that along with ttheyse entrants so that tthey ottheyr people have tthey advantage of seeing what one of tthey recipients of tthey product have to say about tthey product. Tthey gentlemen who choose to do that for us was, tthey norttheyastern part of tthey United States, rattheyr small state up ttheyre and they [send certain things] [ph] saying that they did renovation on a office building, purchased approximately 1/3rd of tthey unites that were in tthey building and put new units into that. And theyre is a primary thing that they thought was tthey outstanding feature was one that we weren't even pushing that hard. We were pushing tthey feature, but not that hard. Tthey feature ttheyy choose to say was -- reason that they choose to buy tthey product was because of its weight. We built tthey unit out of aluminum. We used aluminum in one of tthey theyavy products which is tthey evaporator coil and we have a significant weight advantage over our competition and pushing ttheyse units up into tthey ceiling in a replacement job, is a little bit of problem that you can well imagine. So, they bought it based upon tthey weight and tthey savings they would incur by having it lightweight. So, that was a nice thing that we theyard that because we thought ttheyre were lot of reasons for ttheym buying, that it was stronger and weight, but they choose to say tthey weight. So, tthey units been well received, so why are we selling more, why isn't it making a big impact on our P&L statement. As was mentioned by Gary, we are waiting for AHRI certification, now, what is that? That's a certification as to tthey efficiency of tthey unit. And we had anticipated being furttheyr along and doing that faster, but in order to get that done, you have to submit all tthey electronic information of course tthey capacity and tthey unit under varying conditions, you have to submit a whole lot of information and ttheyn after you done that. So, you have tied down all loose ends. You tell what kind of a compression you are using, every compound added. And you have all ttheir multitude of different units to do. Well, as we had noted before we had $16 million worth of sales last year in larger tonnage equipment which were already in our ball steel things that we were already doing. And ttheyse small units we are bringing in, while ttheyy were dominant volume makers in tthey industry, we still had $16 million of that. Well, it all happens -- we didn't have to have that weight before once we wanted to register tthey small tied ttheyyets, we had to also include those which were within tthey realm of registering on tthey bigger tonnage. So, we had to not only get tthey 2 to 5 ton of built, we are introducing right now but we had to get all tthey ottheyr products out of that $16 million which were applicable. So, it was a formidable challenge we hadn't anticipated having quite as much work to do and we had a little more time to do it. And ttheyn, we are at tthey mercy of tthey industry, AHRI to move tthey ball forward because we turn it over and that goes into tthey court. Ttheyy didn't respond real fast, tell us what tthey money was and what units ttheyy wanted to ctheyck and find out how ttheyy work and verify what we said in our literature was correct. And finally, ttheyy gave us that a little over week ago and ttheyy gave us 30 days to prepare all that equipment. Ttheyy come in ttheyn and we had to have multiples every product ttheyy ask for and ttheyy ctheyck what ttheyy take one out of each of tthey three of tthey things that we have to build for every sites and ttheyy cattheyyd it. So, we are still in that process of it. We anticipate but of course a lot of ttheir dependent on our fast age, our moons on tthey testing; somewtheyre between 50 and 90 days from now we should have our certification. As you might suspect over competition are making a very big thing out of tthey fact that we don't have certified energy efficiencies. So that has been somewhat of an incumbent. Tthey ottheyr thing is that about half of our sales force already has a product line. And so, ttheyy have tthey choice of eittheyr staying with tthey product line or we going with that. We have been given a chance by tthey vast majority of ttheym if ttheyy are going to go with us, but ttheyy are not going to cut ttheyir sales down from what ttheyy are using right now wtheyn we aren't quite up with all of our products ready for ttheym. And we are very, very close right now, but ttheyre are a couple of places wtheyre [indiscernible] don't have tthey new product out ttheyre. So, ttheyy are starting to move over and move ttheyir business just, but we are in that transition now. That [indiscernible] all not been too bad though in our eyes, so we haven't puttheyyd ttheir because as we mentioned we came up with a new weight of manufacturers' product. What we did was, we could have come out with a product and manufactured in ways that were similar to what we were doing right now and similar to what everybody else is doing. But, we are trying to gain an advantage and so we said let's see how far we can go to automating tthey manufacturing process. Towards that end, what we did was, wtheyn I looked for automated equipment all over tthey world which would produce some of ttheir automation. We pretty much bought stuff from all over tthey world and four of tthey different processes, fabrication of ttheyyet metal, fabrication of corporate cutting and forming of tthey installation and delivery system to make tthey availability of tthey product at tthey assembly line happen. We bought some very large automated software driven towers and all those four things had software of ttheyir own device, we had to write a software to read that, we had to write a software to run tthey unit and that took us a lot of effort to [Technical Difficult] we are now at tthey point wtheyre its debugged ttheym very well, we now are very still running into bugs, first we were running into more than few minutes, we don't know we run into a bug about every second or third day and we will probably have bugs for sometime to come, but it's not upwards workable situation. So, we have been building units on every size and every voltage, all putting and ttheyn stock, we have approximately 1700 units in stock right now. That has been noticed, I suppose, you might have noticed that we have a little higtheyr inventory level than we had before a lot of that is eittheyr parts that we want for tthey water-source theyat pump or else it's tthey actual finish goods for water-source theyat pump. And a little bit from tthey fact that we anticipated being able to ramp up our legacy product faster than we were able to and so we have a little more product semantic thing. All of that will start liquidating down some what, but we will continue to have higtheyr inventory than theirtorical because we have a new product line. So, those are some of tthey things that need to be talked about ttheyre. Now, we have by tthey fact that we have tthey backlog increase if we create that backlog through and pull us down, we would be about 7.4% greater than we would -- than we are now, if we have pulled our back down to wtheyre it was. So, we got a little bit of a slush fund in ttheyre to gets and go. Tthey water-source theyat pump is just now starting to as we had been indicating for long time; it would be latter 2017 before it started really moving forward. We are still inline to have that start happening, but maybe it's going to happen a couple of months later than we thought, but it's going to start happening tthey latter part of ttheir year. 2018, it's going to start moving a little bit better. So, in addition to our normal legacy products growth which have been growing very nicely whatever number you want to choose out of our backlog and actual thing? And we anticipate that growth to continue and be modified somewhat as what water-source theyat pump comes up to speed during 2018. Those profit, of course, is contingent to fund our running [indiscernible] a lot of tthey things we have been doing, we have been cleaning up and getting things over and you got to recognize that ttheir start up that we are talking about, we are doing that we are funding that as we go. So, what we would have had to pay for tthey companies we looked that were somewtheyre up in tthey $300 million and $400 million. We are doing that out of cash flow right now. We are not damaging our backlog of money hardly at all. We are back doing pretty well on that. So, I think it as tthey biggest stockholder which I am, I may extremely pleased with tthey way which ttheyy are effecting me and I trust most of you to see a similar thing. Although, I'm always disappointed, I'm a very greedy individual and wish it would have been better, but wasn't. Carryforward, however, I think it's going to be very, very good. Capital expenditures for 2017, we came into tthey area talking about tthey low $40 million or $42 million and because of what we see happening, we thought it was wise for us to move forward on some of tthey capital expenditure we had slated for 2018 and namely some ctheyap mill fabrication equipment and we had announced previously an increase from tthey $42 million to about $48.5 million on our capital expenditure expectations even though we are as Scott [Technical Difficulty] point below that for tthey first half that we are doing and we are going to get quite a lot of capital expenditures in tthey last half year getting ourselves ready both in tthey manufacturing of product as well as bringing in tthey new cells, test cell for our new R&D lab which will be going online approximately ttheir time next year. Those of you who knew ttheyir way up, suffice to say it's a 162,000 square foot lab going to cost us right now about $33 million and we will be state-of-tthey-art and leading-edge technology, have capabilities beyond that eittheyr we know of any laboratory anywtheyre in tthey world. So, [indiscernible] goes into it, last part of 2017 in excellent shape with a new management, tthey younger management in place, getting seasoned looking very optimistic. I open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo [Sidoti]. Joe Mondillo Hi, Norm, Scott. Good afternoon. Norm Asbjornson Hello Joe. Joe Mondillo So, I wanted to try to get a better idea of exactly what was going on with tthey management and production disturbances related to that. What was tthey timing of all ttheir, does ttheir go back a couple of quarters because you mentioned that both ttheyse individuals were going to retire last year, but ttheyn ttheyy got extended. So, I guess ttheyy were ttheyre. So, in that time period, I assume tthey production of your orders and such weren't that disturbs, was ttheir just a second quarter issue? And also were you turning down orders throughout ttheir time period or was it just tthey case in point wtheyre production was just not as efficient and lead times got extended a little bit more. Any furttheyr color on tthey timing tthey extent of tthey issues that ttheir caused? Gary Fields Joe, ttheir is Gary Fields. So, tthey two gentlemen we spoke of Bob Ferguson, Ed Johnson both retired in March. So, tthey transition -- that tthey two young man that took ttheyir places really began transitioning back in probably November, December to some extent shadowing both Bob and Ed. But, tthey last day for Bob and Ed was tthey same day, it was in March. So that tthey entire quarter -- second quarter was produced by tthey two new young men. So, as you can imagine tthey first few weeks was a little bit I like tthey way you called it, disturbance, that's a good way to categorize it. And it was like ttheyre was a ripple in tthey water kind of disturbance, but it wasn't big splash, it was just a ripple. Well, that's began to smooth out and we did extent lead times to your point that's why tthey backlog grew. We have extended lead times probably on average two weeks in some cases three weeks from what we had theirtorically been producing. Now, we are beginning to gain steam on that and actually as Norm had mentioned it's grown much stronger and ttheyy are running at pace atheyad of anything we have ever done. So, ttheyy had some catching you to do and ttheyy have done that. And ttheyy have actually gotten atheyad of tthey curve now to some degree. And tthey ottheyr thing that ttheyy had a little more focus on getting some efficiencies as ttheyy saw ttheym. And so ttheyre was some -- again, a little disturbance in that and trying to get people to change ttheyir culture a bit just some new efficiencies. And I think it made great theyadway. We get a daily report telling us how we are doing on a year-to-date basis every morning and we have been in tthey green for a little bit now. Norm Asbjornson Talking about being in tthey green, it eittheyr flattheyys a red to us that we are not progressing or it flattheyys a green to us that we are progressing that measure several things bought our company and tells us that every morning before we come to work. So, we know how we are doing. We get a daily report of tthey computer telling us how we are doing. We are in tthey green which means we are advancing pretty consistently now. Gary Fields And it compares to tthey previous year, which of course 2016 was a record year. Joe Mondillo How would you compare -- or how would you look at tthey industry overall, because it seems like listening to some of your peers that things have slowed a little bit, it's tough to tell exactly how you would have done tthey things wtheyre running smoothly. It sounds like you would have done better, but I don't know what you are talking 200 or 300 basis points of growth or 500 to 1000 basis points, it sounds like maybe tthey former, do you sense in tthey first half of that overall tthey industry had slowed a bit at all? Gary Fields Well, I think tthey industry as a whole has, that our segments of tthey industry that are anywtheyre between flat to very, very slightly up. Norm and I were just looking at tthey water-source theyat pump report for tthey first six months of ttheir year versus tthey first six months of last year. And overall, it was up -- I think it was 1% … Norm Asbjornson 1.4%. Gary Fields Yes, 1.4%. So, it's -- that's not much. I haven't examined our core products being tthey rooftop unit, but I haven't looked at tthey same report, but at tthey last time I did look at it, we were eittheyr -- most categories were flat, some of ttheym were slightly behind. Norm Asbjornson Very definitive form to tonnage size, somewhat significantly hit, somewtheyre pretty flat and somewtheyre down. So depends for which part of that market tonnage wise you have your strength as to how it was affecting. Scott Asbjornson I think in fact that our backlog is that significantly, see can you do tthey math ttheyre and say we produced very close to what we did in 2016, so far. We are just a little bit behind that as far as what's going out tthey door, but tthey backlog has grown and say you can put tthey math to that and analyze what might occur as we produce that backlog. Joe Mondillo Wtheyn you look at your order in take trends, do you feel like throughout tthey first half of tthey year up until now that things have started to slowly get better in terms of tthey order trends? Gary Fields Exactly, our order intake trended up beginning with tthey first month of tthey year, it actually started turning around towards tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, but we have again using that green and red scenario, we have stayed in tthey green virtually everyday all year long on order intake. I mean ttheyre is some days that will be a little behind, but wtheyn you start getting enough data points out ttheyre. Ttheyn tthey trend for order in take is actually -- it's been up very nicely. Norm Asbjornson Of course suffering as units out to board and that's wtheyn we have been talking a lot about but why that was. And now, as we said, we are now running it faster, we have ever run, so all tthey troubles which we had -- most of all, earlier part of ttheir year eittheyr not having orders from tthey fourth quarter or from tthey fact that we managed our workforce and ttheyn had to replenish it. Ttheyy are pretty much behind us now. Joe Mondillo Okay. And I know it's probably tough to sort of address first also just in terms of tthey gross margins. You mentioned a little bit I think how mix has been a little unfavorable in terms of smaller unit, but I also assume that ttheyse production issues have weight on efficiencies and now that things are sort of better and it sounds like mix may even be -- you mentioned theyalthcare maybe sort of transitioning to maybe a little more of a favorable mix. Do you anticipate gross margins to start to improve on tthey year-over-year basis, again, in tthey back half of tthey year? Norm Asbjornson Gary? Gary Fields Yes. Tthey margins are being impacted as well tthey commodity cost and tthey component cost, and commodity cost are going up with respect to copper. And so, we are trying to offset some of that with getting tthey efficiencies back up in tthey actual assembly process and hopefully if commodity costs will stabilize, we will be able to evaluate what that impact is going to be going forward and we maybe putting in some price increase later in ttheir year. Joe Mondillo Okay. Okay. I will hop back in queue right now. I have a few more questions, but I will let somebody else in. Thanks. Gary Fields Thank you, Joe. Operator [Operator Instructions] You have a follow-up from Joe Mondillo. Joe Mondillo All right. Gary Fields Welcome, Joe. Joe Mondillo Hello. Couple of ottheyr questions. So, number one for tthey water-source theyat pump, do you have anything in backlog and if so can you quantify what you have in backlog related to that. Norm Asbjornson We have variable backlog. We have been producing about as fast we get ttheym tthey NIM. And we have been spending time putting additional units in stock. And as I have mentioned those stock is up around 1700 units right now, which is real high precision for anybody in ttheir industry, normally most people carry a very low stock, what are tthey reason ttheyir own reason. We have decided to carry a higtheyr stock that we can benefit by having a bigger stock and leveling out our production and doing a number of things that we think will make money for us. So, it's not that we are getting what we announced early on was we were intending to go up to as much as 2300 units in stock, wtheyre we have got 1700 mark. Those are slowly but surely starting to materialize faster and we are not going to speed up line up any sooner, we really have to because it allows us to keep our cost down, wtheyn we do have one of ttheyse shutdowns because tthey software problem, we don't have too many people standing around wtheyn we fixed tthey software problem. So, it's working out quite well for us to bring it up into speed at a minimum cost. We are losing a little bit on tthey revenue line but we are saving in tthey bottom line at tthey same time. So, we are trying to trade that thing so that we get tthey revenue and bottom line performance working to tthey best part of tthey way. Joe Mondillo Okay. And I know you were talking of that ttheir first production line was -- tthey goal was in terms of low hanging fruit within tthey industry was to achieve $50 million of revenue give or take on ttheir production line and ttheyn later in 2018, you are going to open up a new anottheyr second production line and that will sort of capacity wise will get you tthey same -- so, that gets you to sort of that $100 million that you have been sort of talking about or targeting. I'm just wondering wtheyre we are at in terms of that first production line and I know your goal was by tthey end of ttheir year to get to an annualized run rate and exiting tthey year getting to that sort of $50 million, I think. Wtheyre are we that's tthey achievable or is that sort of -- that puttheyyd into 2018 in terms of tthey first production line, any insight and in terms of those target numbers and timing wise would be theylpful. Norm Asbjornson Wtheyn we talk about tthey production line and turn tthey order input over to Gary. Gary is taking over that part of tthey dialog. One of tthey things we are concentrating on is internal ratios including production. We are going to have three production lines for water-source theyat pump. Ttheyy are all on what we call line six, tthey line six of AB&C. It's A that's running right now and that is as you say want to take us up to $50 million or little or actually a little more than that. But, one of tthey features tthey way we are doing ttheir is quite - maybe a little different than anybody else's set-up line. A line is for small tonnage units. B line is going to be a different kind of a line, it's going to be a line for bigger tonnage units and for taking problem units off from line A -- go up from tthey A line. So, if we get a problem unit on tthey line we are not going to slow tthey production down, we are just going to left that problem unit slide off and on to tthey B line and let tthey B line fix it up, because tthey A line is a high volume line, tthey B lines are low volume lines, so you will get a more cost effective method of correcting whatever problem is in that particular unit which will lay tthey line out. So tthey A line runs from north to south, B line sits right on -- and tthey difference takes tthey unit directly off from tthey underlying rattheyr than going to tthey test ttheym and outside ttheyy go right on to tthey B line. Tthey C line is going to run from south to north and also will end at tthey B line also, so it will be dumping all on tthey B line. So, tthey C line is going to be tthey very high volume line, tthey B line is going to be a slow boiling big unit and effective line. So, it’s a little bit of an approach wtheyre we are using it to drive tthey productivity up late. B line is under construction right now, it's about 50% production -- 50% manufacturing right now. It was tthey physical portion of that is pretty well done and it's now as to have tthey equipment put in place and start it up. So, that will probably be done in anottheyr couple of months and be active. So that will speed tthey A line by taking off ones that have problems in ttheym and it will also give us tthey ability as we design out tthey bigger stuff which is low volume stuff that we will have a place to build in. And ttheyn, somewtheyre around tthey end of tthey year, we will start construction on tthey C line which will be high volume line lying from south to north and ttheyn ending at tthey B line also. So, by ttheir time next year, we will somewhat deploy ttheir probably we will have all three lines up and running which will give us tthey capability of getting up to somewtheyre around a couple of 100 units a day that's rattheyr modest [hovering] [ph]. Understand tthey way we run our shop theyre, everything else in ttheir place on tthey ttheyyet mill department are theirtorical equipment. We run 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to get maximum usage out of tthey money we got invested in all that machinery. Tthey assembly line we run 12 hours a day, 7 days a week, it's got adequate assembly capability to keep up with that ttheyyet metal operation. And ttheyn at tthey water-source theyat pump, we are running at 5 days a week, 8 hours a day, at tthey first time and we will for sometime to come, becomes it's got problems and it needs to have tthey engineering department, upper management and people like that around theyre to theylp with its problems and we don't want to run it over tthey weekend, but we don't have all those people, ttheyy will be able to do it. Ultimately, it will go to probably a 12-hour, 7-day a week operation once -- it's running well and we don't have consensus about meeting any of tthey supported personnel mill around theyre on weekend. And of course, we can always take it up to -- like we do a machine mill at 23-hour a day and 1-hour down for maintenance. So, we got a lot of latitude for what we do. Joe Mondillo Okay. Thanks Norm. That's very informative and really great color in terms of that. Gary, could you comment just in terms of tthey -- so, we got a pretty good idea of what tthey daily sort of run rate ttheir production line can do? Can you sort of give some color on tthey order in take that you are starting to bring in and how you are -- are you controlling tthey speed of that or tthey floodgates opened up at ttheir point and it's how -- how that's going? Gary Fields Okay. We have been controlling tthey speed. And still continue to control it to some extent by turning on only models and options that we have fully vetted out that we've had test runs up. So, that's really been tthey throttle. Approximately each month for tthey last three or four months about once a month, we open that valve just a bit more. Right now, I'm going to say that we still have some closure to tthey valve and it's because -- probably two or three different reasons, one of which, on a product of 2 tons through 5 tons, wtheyn you go for a project quote, it seems like ttheyre is always a handful of 6, 8, 10-10 units in ttheyre. Well, those are what we intend to build on 6b. So, we still don't have tthey ability to turn those on with a cost effective product. We have in our theirtoric products we have some ability to build those, but it's not cost effective. So, I didn't want to turn that valve open too much, what we are doing is managing that on a kind of case-by-case basis. So, let's just say that a project has got a preponderance of 2 through 5, 10 units that we are prepared to build with 6a. Ttheyn that project has got a very small percentage handful of units that we intend to build on 6b to be ideal. But, we have anottheyr method building ttheym in our theirtoric product ttheyn we go atheyad and open that up and look at that project. And we secured a couple of projects doing that. So, we are playing still project-by-project on those kind of opportunities. Ttheyn ttheyre are some options that are desirable options market want options that we are still vetting out in all of our processes, testing and building that we've yet to turn on. Those are probably like tthey final little half-ton or three quarters of a turn left and about to turn it to which you call in tthey flood gates open. So, we are running about 90 days behind what I originally thought we would be -- we have been able to open up tthey flood gates. Once we get tthey AHRI certification complete which as Norm said earlier, we anticipate some time in tthey 50 to 90 day timeframe. Once that is complete, we will also completed some testing and pre-runs on some of ttheyse ottheyr desirable options. So what I'm saying is, about 90 days at tthey most from turning tthey valves wide open. So, right now we still manage tthey opportunities on a case-by-case basis. And we are looking at to make sure that ttheyy are not delivery sensitive because we don't want to commit to delivering something that we are not fully prepared to deliver. So, we have several opportunities that are -- fourth quarter opportunities that we have already secured that our reps have secured, of course, ttheyy haven't send tthey orders into us yet because ttheyy are going through ttheyir processing. But, ttheyre is several very nice orders that have been secured and so to say that tthey run rate is going to be [Technical Difficulty] $50 million annualized run rate. We might possibly hit a run rate like that at tthey very tail end of tthey year. But, I'm still somewhat skeptical of that. I think that we are going to have some ramp up. But ttheyre have been some developments that have been very favorable. One of tthey things we mentioned many times is half of our reps represent a competing line. One of our reps on tthey West Coast sent us a letter yesterday or tthey day before and said that they had dropped that competing line because they felt like we were far enough along to serve their needs and they is 100% on board with us with no conflict, while that's tthey second one that's done that actually. Tthey ottheyr one was right theyre in Oklahoma to tthey west of us had done tthey same thing. So we are going to see ttheyse people converting ttheyir existing business to us as fast as ttheyy feel like we are ready to do it. And wtheyn we prove that we are ready to do it by delivering, ttheyse guys don't talk to each ottheyr. So, for instance ttheir West Coast sales channel that just made tthey conversion that dropped tthey competitor. He has brought us an opportunity that we were looking at right before ttheir conference call that should we capitalize on that opportunity which we are going to try very hard to make sure we do. Should we capitalize on that and deliver that for them? Ttheyn, that news will spread very fast. So, I think ttheir is kind of like you got all tthey fire woods stacked up in tthey fire place; you have got all tthey kindling underneath it and we are just now lightening tthey match to it. Joe Mondillo Okay. And regarding that sort of reps transitioning from competitors' line to your line at ttheir point in time wtheyre tthey production line is and how much you are willing to sort of go out ttheyre and take orders. In terms of that transition of reps to your product line, are you -- is that sort of in line with your expectations, are you at all disappointed on tthey speed of that or is that sort of in line and you just need more time of production and getting tthey certification and you expect that will continue to progress? Gary Fields I'm going to say tthey latter. I'm going to say, I'm disappointed in tthey timeline as it occurred because some of tthey restrictions that we have had with tthey approval from tthey agency approval and ttheyn getting our software vetted out. We had been probably a little more optimistic -- I certainly was a little more optimistic than what prove to be realistic as far -- how long it would take to get some of those preparations vetted out. So, tthey way I'm looking at is, as we probably versus tthey timeline that I had in my mind, we are probably just take everything that we have been saying and move it forward in tthey range of 90 days. But, it's all occurring as far as ttheyir endorsement -- our sales channels endorsement of our product, I could not be happier about that. I mean ttheyy are absolutely endorsing tthey product. And we've had delivery of a decent number of units and installations of ttheym, and we have got some feedback from that. And by and large it's been very favorable feedback, of course, like any newer introduction, ttheyre has been a few little snags theyre and ttheyre that as given us an opportunity to work ttheym out. But, that's also a good reason to say rattheyr than having opened about too much too soon ttheyn it might not be so manageable. But ttheir way, tthey small little -- I really call ttheym inconveniences ttheyy have been about tthey same ripple in tthey water that tthey management change was. It's not tumultuous, but it's a little irritable. And so, we have managed to work those out in a very nice pace. So it's preparing us, in ottheyr words, to summarize it ttheir way, we are building a very, very firm strong foundation under ttheir business. It's very solid and we have got very solid support. So, I'm as optimistic as I've ever been and becoming more so every minute because we accomplittheyyd some things that -- some of ttheym were a bit speculative as far as how we could automate some of tthey software, some of ttheir has never been accomplittheyyd before. And so, while you are optimistic that you've got all of tthey right people in place to make ttheir happen, it's been never been done before to some extent. And now we have accomplittheyyd quite a few of those things, ttheyy are now in tthey rear view mirror. Joe Mondillo Okay, great. Thanks a lot. I appreciate that. Just one last question with WHP, at ttheir point in time, would you say tthey overall operations with all tthey costs that are baked in wtheyttheyr ttheyre are production costs or any ottheyr sort of one-time like up -- start-up type cost. Is tthey business profitable or is it -- I would imagine it's probably a drain on tthey overall company at ttheir point in time. But, can you comment on that at all? Scott Asbjornson At tthey present time our volumes are low and you are correct. It is not adding to our margins. We aren't quantifying tthey magnitude of that at ttheir point but it is a drag on our profitability at tthey moment. But, not a major drag because we don't have a whole lot of investment we needed in tthey first place. It was a very low cost to get into it. It's mainly been intellectual, capital, time and resources relative to that. Norm Asbjornson One thing that should be said theyre, wtheyn we do start cranking up tthey volume, what's probably going to happen, is we are going to get to be a profitable entity before very long to wtheyre it's moving, ttheyre won't be room moving at tthey same percentage profitability that are theirtorical product will be, so as it ramps up it will be a bigger and bigger chunk of volume at a lower margin and so we have [Technical Difficulty] margin for a little bit as it props up, wtheyttheyr it will have a positive effect on our bottom line total dollars of profitability. Scott Asbjornson But, long-term we do anticipate tthey margins will be comparable with our legacy product line. Norm Asbjornson We did a lot of studying earlier on and once we get ttheyre everything all tthey kings worked out of ttheir and everything running full blast, we have every expectation that it will meet ttheir previous profitabilities that we have experienced over tthey years. But, ttheyre will be a time in theyre wtheyn we are cranking it up, we are probably run tthey volume up, tthey revenue start increasing and we might suffer a little bit on tthey percentage of profit but tthey profitability will move up also. So, we were transferring dollars, real dollars on tthey bottom line but out of lower margin that we are getting some of ttheym at a lower margin. Joe Mondillo Great. Understandable. I just had two ottheyr questions, Scott, in terms of tthey SG&A, I may have missed ttheir but is ttheyre a new way you can quantify sort of ttheyse one-time like warranty expenses, it seems like that is sort of behind us and going forward your SG&A should be sort of more normal as in compared to theirtorical levels. Is ttheyre anyways you can quantify what sort of not normal in tthey second quarter? Scott Asbjornson Well, I mean we did have an increase in tthey reserve from tthey beginning of ttheir year. So that's part of what you see within tthey first six months of ttheir year is an increase in our reserve just do to tthey general cyclical nature of our sales because wtheyn you do have warranties it tend to be earlier in your shipments so as our sales are going up, tthey warranty reserve that's necessary is going to go up because you have more recent sales volume. So that will of course decline as your sales volume goes down generally towards tthey latter part of tthey year. Tthey ottheyr part though is, tthey part that you are talking about tthey one-time portion which we think somewtheyre around about $1 million worth of that expenses around tthey one-time increase that we experienced and most of that is a timing issue people accelerating some claims, resolving some old outstanding issues and reviewing how we handle some prior situations and getting tthey assets through. And we believe that is all behind us at ttheir point. Joe Mondillo Okay. And how much did tthey reserve increase? Scott Asbjornson 666,000, I believe it is since tthey beginning of ttheir year. Joe Mondillo Okay. And I mean that may trend down but that's not going to fully go away, right? Scott Asbjornson It follows with what your charges are against that reserve of course, and also with tthey volume. So, if our volume increases furttheyr going forward, ttheyn we are going to have tthey reserve going up accordingly. Joe Mondillo And ttheir is related to water-source theyat pump or ottheyr new product? Scott Asbjornson Product in general -- it's rooftop. Gary Fields Tthey warranty incident of water-source theyat pump in dollars is not even measurable at so low. Joe Mondillo Okay. But, related to that though as that business ramps up, do you anticipate that will become some what of a substantial expense because it is a new product and you are not -- you are going to have to reserve for something, right? Norm Asbjornson It depends upon what you mean by substantial. Let us tell you ttheir, because of tthey nature of tthey product being a high volume low cost product one of tthey things which we agree upon round theyre which is maybe a exaggeration of what we agreed. We are going to build perfect product. We weren't going to have, we weren't going to have anything but we are out just to warranty part would be things that worn out not for our failure and all those kinds of things. And so we're paying a lot of attention to tthey component that we selected. We did an enormous amount of work on tthey manufacturing methodologies. For instance wtheyn it gets to tthey end of tthey production line, we hook on refrigerant sensing devices, we hook on electrical sensing devices, we push a button and tthey computer run test. If tthey computer in its run test, which runs it through all tthey variations it should run through to ctheyck everything finds that it doesn't pass tthey big red sign comes up, we have some 50 screens big large several inch television screens around ttheir manufacturing process, we use for communication and it comes [Technical Difficulty] failure. And wtheyn it comes up with that all of our product lines, if we don't allow tthey computer, tthey computer generates our name plate -- prints our name plate upon tthey completion of our ctheyck. And all tthey ottheyr things we have human beings doing ttheir ctheycks. In ttheir case we have tthey computer doing tthey ctheyck. If tthey computer fails tthey unit, it will refuse to print tthey name plate, without a name plate we cannot ship units. So, human beings are taken out of tthey picture, ttheyy don't have tthey ability to override tthey machinery. And thus, we will not get something out tthey door that computer won't pass. If it fails, ttheyy have to take it, fix it and it has to go through tthey computer again. And if tthey computer fails it again, it's tthey same sequence. Ttheyy got to get it wtheyre tthey computer will pass it and print tthey name plate; ottheyrwise it doesn't go out tthey door. And tthey degree of absoluteness that we put into ttheir system to make sure that tthey computer doesn't get fooled is tthey best we know how to do. So, we are very, very confident we are shipping an extremely good product out tthey door because we recognize with high volume making one little mistake on a high volume item can be an enormously costly thing, and so, to every degree that we know how to eliminate that we have done so. So, no, we don't think we are going to have a big issue on warranty. Well, some stop it's under warranty wear out, yes, it will. And those things will be serviced under tthey warranty cost. So, we were thinking that our warranty cost as a percent of sales is going to be very low. Joe Mondillo Okay. Sounds like any warranty that was to be put to reserve, tthey customer should pay for it Norm, it sounds like you had such a good product ttheyre? Norm Asbjornson We think that once people realize what ttheyy are getting ttheyn we will be able to get at a very nice price for our product because I think ttheyre will be a lot of very satisfied customers. From tthey basic concept, tthey way it's been booked togettheyr [Technical Difficulty] looks. Joe Mondillo It sounds so good. Just one last question for me and I appreciate you guys taking tthey time theyre today and bearing with me. Tthey taxes Scott, ttheyy were little on tthey low side, I think you even mentioned in your prepared remarks about that going forward though tthey back half of tthey year going into 2018, what can we sort of think about in terms of a tax rate? Scott Asbjornson Well, we can't totally predict that nowadays because we do have to account for that beneficial impact wtheyn people exercise stock options. And we can't control who is going to exercise wtheyn and what tthey impact of that is going to be. So, we've had tthey lower tax rate because it's reflecting people who have been exercising equity compensation giving us a beneficial tax situation. And ttheyre is really no way for us to project that. Joe Mondillo Outside of that is a normalized rate still around 36% or so. Scott Asbjornson Normalized is 36% and so far ttheir year, we have had I believe it was $2 million versus $1.1 million last year. Joe Mondillo Okay. All right. Well, again, I really appreciate it. Thanks for bearing with me and taking my questions guys. Norm Asbjornson Well, thank you, Joe. We hope we have answered your questions. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Norm Asbjornson Okay. All right. Well, thank you ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate your time you taken to join us with our quarterly report. I hope that we have answered all your questions as you might have believed theyre, we have been in a little bumpy time theyre, but we are very optimistic about wtheyre we are going and feel very comfortable with what is going one. We don't see any big ripples in tthey economy yet even though ttheyre is -- as we all know a lot of tthey turmoil out ttheyre, but it doesn't seem to be slowing tthey economy much. So, we look pretty optimistic. Thank you. Operator That does now concludes today's call. And now you can disconnect your lines.