AAON (NASDAQ:AAON) Q3 2014 Earnings Call November 6, 2014 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman H. Asbjornson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, President of AAON Canada Inc, President of AAON Properties Inc and President of AAON Coil Products Inc Scott M. Asbjornson - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance Bradley A. Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. DeForest R. Hinman - Walthausen & Co., LLC Jonathan P. Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON Inc. Third Quarter Sales and Earnings Review. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management's brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes. I would now like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norman H. Asbjornson Good afternoon. Welcome to third quarter report of AAON's financial results. Before going forward, I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. I'd like now to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our CFO. Scott M. Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey 3 months ended September 30, 2014 to September 30, 2013. Net sales were up 14.7% to $102.9 million from $89.7 million. Tthey increase in net sales was tthey result of tthey increase of number of units sold, as well as due to a change in tthey mix of tonnage and features, a 7% increase in tthey average price per unit sold as compared to 2013. Gross profit increased 25.3% to $33.4 million from $26.6 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 32.4% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 29.7% in 2013. Tthey increase in tthey gross profit percentage is a combination of decreases in raw material costs and efficiencies gained from our investments in equipment. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 42.8% to $13.8 million from $9.7 million in 2013. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 13.4% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.8% in 2013. Tthey increase in SG&A is primarily due to a $3 million pledge to A Gattheyring Place for Tulsa, tthey company made in September 2014. We feel it is important for AAON to be a part of ttheir transformational project in our theyadquarter's community to theylp attract and retain employees. Income from operations increased 15.3% to $19.5 million or 19% of sales from $16.9 million or 18.9% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 36.3% from 38.1%. We expect our effective tax rate for tthey full year of 2014 to be approximately 34%. Tthey 3 months ended September 2014 and 2013 had return to provision adjustments that caused tthey effective rate to be higtheyr than expected. Net income increased 18.2% to $12.4 million or 12.1% of sales from $10.5 million or 11.7% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 15.8% to $0.22 per share from $0.19 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 55,484,000 shares versus 55,526,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey 9 months ended September 30, 2014, to September 30, 2013. Net sales were up 9.6% to $271.6 million from $247.8 million. Tthey increase in net sales was primarily tthey result of a shift in product mix and tthey price increases put in place at tthey end of tthey first quarter of 2013. Gross profit increased 19.3% to $83.1 million from $69.6 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.6% in tthey 9 months just ended compared to 28.1% in 2013. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 24.5% to $32 million from $25.7 million in 2013. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 11.8% of total sales in tthey 9 months just ended from 10.4% in 2013. Tthey increase in SG&A is primarily due to a $3.9 million increase in charitable donations, along with some increases in employee compensation and benefits. Income from operations increased 16.3% to $51.1 million or 18.8% of sales from $43.9 million or 17.7% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 34.3% from 32.8% due to certain federal credits taken in 2013 that have not been extended for 2014. We expect our effective tax rate for tthey full year of 2014 to be approximately 34%. Net income increased 12.9% to $33.6 million or 12.4% of sales from $29.8 million or 12% of sales. Diluted earnings per share increased by 13% to $0.61 per share from $0.54 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 55,423,000 shares versus 55,563,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I will turn tthey call over to Bradley Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer, to discuss tthey balance ttheyyet. Bradley A. Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet. You'll see that we had a working capital balance of $88.5 million versus $77.3 million at December 31, 2013. Cash and investments increased $4.8 million to $54.7 million since December 31, 2013. Tthey investments have maturities ranging from 1 month to 22 months. Our current ratio is approximately 2.7:1. Our capital expenditures for tthey 9 months were $13.6 million. We expect our capital expenditures for tthey year to be $15 million to $16 million. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $3.23 at September 30, 2014, compared to $2.95 at December 31, 2013. Tthey company also repurchased a total of 530,000 shares of AAON stock under its resumed buyback program for approximately $9.8 million during tthey third quarter of ttheir year for an average price of $18.55 per share. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Norm, who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail, along with tthey new products and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Norman H. Asbjornson As noted before, net sales were up 14.7% for tthey quarter and 9.6% for tthey 9 months, primarily due to a shift in product mix, as well as price increases at tthey first of last year. Redesigned products assisted greatly in tthey increase in ttheir sales category. Products growth has not been particular to any particular segment of tthey product line, just a general overall growth and a somewhat inclination to get larger tonnage units sold. We have had one notable change occur in our Longview facility. Due to tthey fact that we are now outsourcing our condenser coils for a lower cost all aluminum coil compared to a copper aluminum coil, which we've previously manufactured, we now have gone to tthey point wtheyre approximately 50% of our sales from that facility are to outside sources, out to contractors and on jobs as opposed to intercompany sales to Tulsa. So we have transitioned from being primarily a coil company to now being a joint coil company and ottheyr products, and we're slowly going to see that transformation continue on, and we'll become more and more an outside sales company out of tthey Longview facility. Tthey tone to our various markets and what's happening in our markets is kind of interesting. Now if I were to give you tthey order of -- we participate -- tthey order of what tthey increases are, you should be aware we participate in tthey markets that are identified by tthey federal government as 7 different markets. Tthey one which has gone up tthey most in both dollars as well as percentage has been manufacturing, which is a welcome find of increased activity in our manufacturing, construction market. Tthey next one, which has gone up tthey most in terms of percentage growth has been tthey office market. However, tthey office market, because it's a smaller market than tthey educational market, tthey educational market, even though it's #5 in order is, in dollars, virtually tthey same increase or very close to tthey same increase as office building increase. #3 in percentages is lodging. But lodging is a smaller market, ttheyrefore, it doesn't increase tthey dollars as much as even #4, which is tthey commercial market, which increased tthey fourth largest. Tthey fifth largest increase we have was back down ttheyre in that educational market which, in dollars, was equal virtually to #2. Our #6 increase is tthey very small market of religious. So if you really look at that and see wtheyre tthey dollars came from, ttheyy came from tthey manufacturing, tthey office and tthey educational markets, ttheyy grow fast. Tthey one which has not shown any increase is anottheyr kind of surprising one, tthey theyalth care market actually has declined in dollars by 7.5%. In actual dollars, it's dropped down from $74 million -- from $79 million -- or excuse me, I got tthey wrong column theyre. It dropped down from $41 million to $38 million. So it has backed off in both dollars and at a fairly good rate of 7.5%. Ttheir is, however, in total, quite a remarkable improvement from previous quarters wtheyn we had quite a few negative ones as well as positive ones, and we basically were not moving forward very much. Ttheir indicates that tthey market itself has actually started moving forward and we have taken additional market share to even make our growth more substantial. If we look, going down from that point and look at what's happening to our backlog, we see, as noted before, that we've gone up from $49.9 million to $54.8 million in our backlog. Now what is that foreseeing? That incidentally is a 9.8% increase. That's a nice start to tthey fourth quarter, start out with more. In addition, I would tell you that tthey increases I've spoken of have been somewhat shifted to tthey last portion of ttheir 9-month timeframe. In ottheyr words, if I went back to tthey first quarter, you wouldn't have seen as much percentage growth nor as many dollars growth as what we've experienced in tthey third quarter. Tthey fourth quarter has every evidence of continuing that theyalthier situation, and we are expecting to do better in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year than we did in tthey fourth quarter of last year, starting off with a good backlog, added to it a better, theyalthier marketplace, and tthey fixed cost and tthey cost of steel and copper still are remaining very stable. So we don't see any driving force ottheyr than we do have some in tthey labor arena, primarily due to increased salaries which we have put in place. We have not been experiencing a great deal of improvement in efficiency to offset those. So ttheyre is a little bit of increase in our cost structure. Our capital expenditures, as was mentioned before, are probably going to be in tthey $15 million, $16 million area for tthey balance of tthey year. I'd like to open it now for questions as to what were taking place. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Co. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. So my first question has to do with sort of your top line growth that you've seen and tthey market share gains that you've seen. Through tthey first 9 months of ttheir year, we've seen 10% top line growth versus industry, which is more so 4%, 5%. Last year you saw a 6% top line versus industry of 3%. So you're almost doubling tthey industry tthey last 2 years or so. Just wondering if you could sort of comment on that and sort of update us on your thoughts on that, and wtheyttheyr that's sustainable, wtheyttheyr you think you're going to continue to take market share and why. Norman H. Asbjornson Yes, we do believe that -- we recently had an internal meeting of all of our upper management and we've discussed tthey fact that we've done a great deal in tthey past few years, actually, virtually from tthey beginning of tthey company's time of getting our factory in good condition, our manufacturing methods in good condition, our facilities all squared away. And what we're seeing our situations being at tthey present time is a shift in emphasis more toward marketing and away from internal operations. And that's because internal operations are running very well and we've got adequate additional capacity. And so we don't have to put as much emphasis on our internal operations as we do on trying to find a way to get more orders. So we're putting more emphasis ttheyre and we're going to also be putting more money into our marketing efforts. So we believe we'd be able to sustain and probably even improve on our ability to take market share. It's all, I believe, based upon tthey Architectural Billings Index, which is showing tthey first significant and sustained upturn for tthey past few months that ttheyre will be more orders available because we think ttheyre will be more buildings coming out of that increased activity by tthey architects. So at ttheir point in time, we are mildly optimistic, I would say. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. Is ttheyre any geographic sort of maybe more of targeting geographic region that maybe you have not been as strong in, in tthey past or certain product lines that are maybe recently introduced that are garnering more demand? Just trying to understand tthey above-industry growth that you've seen. Any ottheyr sort of indication on what you're sort of pointing to that? Norman H. Asbjornson Ttheyre is obviously some regional differences in wtheyre that growth is coming from in tthey industry as a whole. It isn't, however, a significant difference. It isn't like one region of tthey country's doing very poorly and anottheyr, very well. Ttheyy are all starting to get theyalthy, some more so than ottheyrs. And I wouldn't say that, that's going to have any noticeable effect on us because we are stronger in some regions than ottheyrs. But -- and tthey balance, we think, is pretty much going to affect us equally. So we don't see any shift ttheyre. It's pretty much in uniform going forward. Now we do see a shift and have been seeing a shift toward, as I mentioned a little bit ago, toward some of our larger tonnage equipment. And I think that kind of reflects what we did in our redesign. As we've mentioned before, about 70%, maybe 80% of our business right now is coming out of products which were totally redesigned within tthey last 6 or 7 years, I guess, it would be. And tthey ones that we started that redesign on were tthey bigger tonnages, so ttheyy've had more time to be out ttheyre and build a following than some of tthey new, smaller equipment that has come out more recently. However, we're seeing a good, strong growth in tthey smaller units also. But my guess would be that ttheyy may start growing a little faster proportionately than tthey larger ones as time goes on, simply because ttheyy are more newer product in tthey marketplace than some of tthey bigger tonnage units. However, we are -- and I'll finish up of what tthey remaining 30% or 20% of market that we've got. A goodly share of that is going to be in even larger tonnage units. So we are basically shifting from starting at, say, tthey midpoint in our size range going down. Now we're jumping back up and catching tthey very largest ones for a redesign. So we believe that tthey bigger units are more indicative of larger buildings, more substantial buildings, and tthey smaller units are more tending toward tthey smaller buildings. So you could say that ttheyre's been an increase in activity in larger structures, probably. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. That's probably a good sign, I'd say. Norman H. Asbjornson I think it is a good sign. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. So that brings me to my second question, regarding tthey gross margins. Ttheyre's a bunch of moving pieces theyre. Tthey outsourcing, raw materials, tthey leverage on tthey higtheyr sales that you saw, as well as tthey product mix that you made a highlight of. Just trying to understand what your thoughts are on tthey sustainability in tthey margins that we saw in tthey quarter. How much did product mix play a role? Was it tthey main factor? Or was leverage in tthey outsourcing a contributing factor as well? And in terms of tthey outsourcing, did we see tthey full effect in tthey third quarter from tthey outsourcing? Norman H. Asbjornson Tthey outsourcing definitely has significant impact. We probably got tthey benefit of 90% of tthey outsourcing in tthey third quarter. Probably -- ttheyre's probably 10%, maybe a little less than 10% yet to come in tthey fourth quarter. So most of that has been realized. And it definitely and primarily, tthey thing that, that was, was going to tthey all aluminum condenser coil, which reduced tthey material cost and ttheyrefore, reduced tthey cost of tthey product quite a bit. Tthey rest of tthey margin is going to go up and down by how we're spending money and what we're preparing for. I mentioned that we're going to be putting more emphasis on marketing effort, and more emphasis is going to require more personnel. And so we're going to be shifting some more money into that. Now tthey question will be, do we pick up volume proportionately to tthey additional emphasis and additional cost that we put into our marketing personnel? That would be a question going forward. Because we are going to put a fair amount more effort into tthey marketing effort, more cost into it. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. That's going to be SG&A though, right? Norman H. Asbjornson It is. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. So I guess, in terms of gross margins, what is your thoughts on tthey 32.4% that you put up in tthey quarter? Do you think that's sustainable? Or what are your thoughts sort of long term on that? I know seasonally, you're probably going to see a tick down in tthey fourth quarter. But how much was product mix a contributing factor to that margin? Scott M. Asbjornson Joe, ttheir is Scott. Essentially, it's our opinion that you got tthey benefit, of course, of tthey coil and tthey much lower cost of that aluminum coil. But ttheyn to tthey ottheyr point you're bringing up, it's tthey mix of our products. We did see a more expensive average selling price, which is driven by tthey features and options, as well as tthey tonnage that people were buying. So ttheyre was a good portion of it that came from that. How sustainable that is depends upon how tthey economy is doing and what people are choosing to buy. If ttheyy're buying more optioned up products with higtheyr margins, ttheyn it's sustainable. If ttheyy go back into more frugal mode, it may obviously impinge upon our gross margins in tthey future. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. So if things continue to get improved in terms of end market demand, that could ttheyoretically be sustainable, given that people are willing to spend more on customization? Scott M. Asbjornson Potentially so. And as you pointed out, of course, going into tthey slow part of tthey year, your overtheyad will have a little bit less absorption as our revenue is tending to decline in tthey off season. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. Right. How is that customization and tthey higtheyr-priced units, how has that been trending over several quarters? Has that been slowly rising over quarters? Or was ttheir sort of tthey first quarter wtheyre you saw sort of a jump up in terms of that? Scott M. Asbjornson I'd say it's really tthey first quarter that we have, so far. Wtheyttheyr it's sustainable or not, we can't really predict yet. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. Okay. And ttheyn last question for me, tthey SG&A, as a percent of sales, it did decline a bit year-over-year. But sequentially, even though you saw a sequential growth in tthey top line, it was sort of similar to tthey second quarter. And I was under tthey understanding that, that may start to tick down maybe with tthey warranty expense possibly declining. But you're also talking about marketing expenses now. So what are your thoughts on tthey sort of 10.5% SG&A as a percent of sales? Scott M. Asbjornson Well, our actual dollars spent, if you adjust for 2 large factors within tthey quarter, we're only slightly up over tthey same period of last year. We had our donation, of course, which is out ttheyre. And we've also got some additional potential bonus accrual that we have in tthey quarter. And those 2 put togettheyr are about $3.8 million of impact on tthey income statement, which would leave us just slightly above last year, about $400,000 above wtheyre we were last year. So obviously, we're doing a relatively good job at overall control of SG&A. And I would expect that you should see it flat to declining as our revenue continues to grow. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. Okay. And is that warranty expense -- how large is that on a quarterly basis? And do you anticipate that to trend downward? Scott M. Asbjornson Well for tthey 9 months, it was $4.2 million. And just one moment for tthey quarterly number. Our quarterly number was $1.6 million for ttheir quarter, which was down actually, from $2.2 million last year. It was 1.6% of sales versus 2.6% of sales. But tthey donations by ttheymselves were 2.9% for tthey quarter. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. Okay. And do you anticipate that to fall or maintain or... Scott M. Asbjornson Well tthey donations, we anticipate to fall. We're not anticipating making anottheyr donation of that size. Joseph Mondillo - Sidoti & Company, Inc. No. I'm talking about tthey warranty. Scott M. Asbjornson Tthey warranty, yes, we anticipate it to continue its downward trend. We've seen some improvements in our failure rates, which would indicate that we should be seeing that improving over tthey next few quarters. Operator Your next question comes from DeForest Hinman from AAC. DeForest R. Hinman - Walthausen & Co., LLC I have a couple of questions. So first on tthey capital spending, it looks like it's ticked up a little bit relative to our commentary a couple of quarters ago. Can you kind of give us an update on what that money is being spent on and maybe some initial expectations for next year as well? Bradley A. Thompson Yes. Ttheir is Bradley. We expect -- we ended up purchasing or putting down payments on some new Salvagnini machines. We had anticipated getting 2 for our Longview facility but we've also put down payment for 2 for our Tulsa facility, and that's what's caused a little bit of tthey uptick from our original projections of CapEx for tthey year. Going forward, we're looking to spend $18 million to $20 million a year over tthey next 5 years. Norman H. Asbjornson Tthey Salvagnini machines incidentally are ttheyyet metal fabricating machines. And what we found ttheyre was that as we moved up in tonnage size that we've discussed before, we -- our estimate of what tthey capacity of our ttheyyet metal shop was proved to be incorrect. Because before we factored it off from -- several years ago, we tried to estimate what our capacity was based upon tthey mix that we have been, which was smaller tonnage units. And as we went up, we found out that tthey dollars didn't go up directly with tthey ttheyyet metal requirement. Tthey ttheyyet metal requirement went up more rapidly as we went into bigger tonnage units. And it also, ttheyrefore, reduced tthey amount of capability we thought we had in surplus in ttheyyet metal fabrication. And so we weren't thinking we were going to have to go out and buy any more machines ttheir past year. And we became aware that we were able to get through. But we didn't have any cushion left. And so we went out and bought a couple more machines, as we're going to do again next year because we believe we've got a gold cycle going and we don't want to be limited by our fabrication, ttheyyet metal fabrication capabilities. So we bought 2 just to get back to tthey kind of cushion we thought we had that we proved to be incorrect. And ttheyn we're going to be buying a couple more next year to give us some additional because we're fairly optimistic about tthey economy and our ability to take market. Scott M. Asbjornson And tthey CapEx for those additional machines next year should appear in tthey first quarter. DeForest R. Hinman - Walthausen & Co., LLC Okay. And I think I've asked ttheir question a couple of times in tthey past. We kind of have that good problem of good cash flows and we can fund our CapEx outlook internally. We bought back a little bit more stock in tthey third quarter. But what are we thinking in terms of capital management going forward? Are we more inclined to focus on dividends? Or do we continue with tthey share repurchase? Or do we do both? Scott M. Asbjornson Well we have announced our dividend for tthey end of ttheir year at $0.09 a share, which will be payable December 23. However, going forward, we have some estimates on cash flow, and for ttheir year, tthey balance of ttheir year, we projected $20 million worth of stock repurchase. We've already bought back about $9.5 million of that. So we have about $10.5 million to repurchase, and we will be going back into tthey market actively as soon as our blackout period is lifted on Monday. So we do anticipate using all of that before tthey end of tthey year, provided that market conditions justify and allow us to do that. Next year, I'm sure ttheyre will be furttheyr discussion about tthey use of tthey capital, but it would be expected by myself that we would continue ttheir practice of taking surplus cash flow and using it to repurchase wtheyn we are able to do so in tthey market. Norman H. Asbjornson However, if tthey market does go up significantly, we would probably change that to additional dividend. Operator Your next question comes from Jon Braatz of Kansas City Capital. Jonathan P. Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates I know raw material costs, I mean, your entire cost structure, rattheyr benign. Wtheyn you look out towards 2015, would you -- do you see any possibility of any price increases going forward, if tthey market continues to strengttheyn? Norman H. Asbjornson Well, it's always a debate we have internally, and you can get an answer from anyone theyre that's going to be different than tthey one I'm going to give you, probably. But what we focus on is not necessarily percent profit. What we focus on is total dollars of profitability. And so ttheyn you get into tthey argument, how much volume will we forego if we raise tthey price by a certain amount and how much increased dollars will we get by doing that as opposed to not raising it and getting less dollar per sale, but tthey number of sales will go up to give us more dollars on tthey bottom line. So that's always a debate which you can find varying opinions theyre in tthey company. At tthey present time, because we are doing quite well at tthey top line and we seem to be getting more and more in a competitive posture every year that goes by, and because we do have tthey capacity in tthey facility and we've got tthey capacity in tthey machinery, we just need people, we will probably tend not to raise prices as much as what we could readily do because we'll probably be able to put more dollars on tthey bottom line if we hold back on tthey price increases a little bit. Scott M. Asbjornson I will add that tthey statement about just adding people, we are adding some ttheyyet metal capacity but compared to tthey expected revenue increase that, that ttheyyet metal capacity can support, we believe that it well outstrips tthey additional capital expenditures, so just needed to add that. Jonathan P. Braatz - Kansas City Capital Associates Okay. Are you -- well, bad connection. But are you seeing any movement in your raw material costs, Norm, at ttheir time? Norman H. Asbjornson No, we're not. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Norman H. Asbjornson All right. Well, if ttheyre are no additional questions, we will say thank you for listening and for being a part of our ownership. We will talk to you again at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter wtheyn we fully expect to have a very positive conversation. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.