AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q1 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2016 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - CEO Scott Asbjornson - CFO Mark Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Company Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to AAON, Inc. First Quarter Ending March 31st, Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norman Asbjornson Thank you. Before going into ttheir, I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Vincentual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. I’d like to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our CFO. Scott Asbjornson Thank you, Norm. Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended March 31, 2016 to March 31, 2015. Net sales were up 11.3% to $85.4 million from $76.8 million. Sales increased primarily due to increased volume, as compared to tthey same period in 2015. Our gross profit increased 18.0% to $25.7 million from $21.8 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 30.1% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 28.4% in 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7.2% to $8.9 million from $8.3 million in 2015. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.4% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.8% in 2015. Tthey overall increase in SG&A was primarily due to increased compensation and profit sharing expenses due to be better results versus tthey same period last year. Tthey increase was partially offset by a decrease in warrant expense related to continued improvement in quality control. Income from operations increased 24.9% to $16.8 million or 19.7% of sales from $13.5 million or 17.6% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 36.5% from 37.5%. Tthey Indian Employment Credit and Research and Development Credit are extended until December of 2015 for tthey 2015 and 2016 tax years. As such, tthey effective rate for tthey three months ended March 31, 2016 is reduced with tthey impact of ttheyse credits, while tthey effective rate for tthey three months ended March 31, 2015 does not reflect ttheyse credits. Net estimated annual 2016 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 36.0%. Net income increased to $10.8 million or 12.7% of sales, compared to $8.4 million or 10.9% of sales in 2015. Diluted earnings per share increased by 33.3% to $0.20 per share from $0.15 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,430,000 shares versus 54,640,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. At ttheir time, I'd to turn it over to our Chief Accounting Officer, Mark Thompson. Mark Thompson Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had a working capital balance of $92.2 million versus $80.8 million at December 31, 2015. Cash and investments totaled $43.2 million at March 31, 2016. Investments and maturities ranging from one month to 12 months. Our current ratio is approximately 3.4 to 1. Our capital expenditures were $7.3 million for tthey quarter. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $32.7 million. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $3.53 at March 31, 2016 compared to $3.28 at December 31, 2015. We continue to remain debt free. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Norm, they will discuss our results in furttheyr detail, along with any new products and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Norman Asbjornson Net sales were up 11.3% for tthey quarter. Sales increased primarily due to increase in volume as opposed to increased pricing. Tthey results of ttheir was primarily attributable to a change in quantity of regional managers which we did in tthey first part of last year and tthey additional emphasis we placed upon theylping our customers and our sales rep to get answers and function more efficiently. Ttheyre was nothing more major in tthey additional sales ottheyr than ttheir factor. We did have some minor small changes in product, but ttheyy were not consequential. On various segments, tthey commercial, retail was reasonably good market, office was reasonably good market, medical was down, education has finally come back up and it is become a better growth market. Manufacturing is a real difficult one to judge. According to tthey census bureau numbers it is up tremendously. However, most of that increase is due to refineries and things of that nature which do not have building projects associated with ttheym and ttheyrefore are not viable places for us to get business. Lodging has come back very nicely, municipalities are so-so. In general, ttheyre is been a modest increase in buildings and so we're getting a benefit from those increased volume in buildings. Backlog on March 31, 2016 was $60.3 million versus $55.4 million a year ago. Tthey outlook for remaining of 2016, our backlog is up in good shape because gross profit we believe we can maintain capital expenditures as was noted before will be approximately $33 million in total. All in all, we are pretty much without any unusual occurrences coming for tthey rest of tthey year, as far as we can tell and it’s a fairly secure business plan at least far as we can see. Tthey only thing that is showing up as a potential real problem and it will be a problem, is that ttheyre are some governmental tariffs being installed and ttheyre of course some ottheyr changes, tthey biggest one of which is that price of steel which theirtorically is being coming down for several years has gone back up again and will affect ttheir in tthey latter two quarters of ttheir year. Tthey increase is somewtheyre in tthey 20% to 25% method, which is a very severe increase. Tthey worst part of ttheir wtheyre tthey tariffs have been put on steel and tariffs on refrigerant and tariffs on some ottheyr goods, as those tariffs are not applicable to our competition who work in ottheyr countries, in ottheyr words, and ttheyy were our competitors which we are now getting quite few of who function out of Mexico will not be impacted by ttheyse. So tthey tariffs are – tthey governments raising tthey cost of our doing business relative to our competitors who are not in tthey United States, kind of sorry situation. Nothing else is occurring that is probably going to give us any difficulty and we believe we'll be able to handle difficulties, I just told you about. I'll open it up to questions now. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from tthey line of Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital. Your line is open. Jon Braatz Good afternoon, Norm. Norman Asbjornson Hi, John. Jon Braatz Norm, going back to tthey steel issue, 20%, 25% pricing - cost increase in tthey second half pretty significant, will you have and ttheyn also ttheyn tthey competitors pressures from Mexico, are you suggesting that you may have to eat those costs increases and as a result maybe have a few – a little bit of pressure on gross margins in tthey second half? Norman Asbjornson That’s something we haven’t yet decided how we're going to handle it, but that is one of tthey possibilities John. And of course, ttheir is not just for tthey air condition industry, ttheir is of course… Jon Braatz Yes… Norman Asbjornson Tthey entire spectrum of anybody who uses steel in tthey United States. So we are all faced with it, probably it might create some inflation, but of course, it will be inflation on our part, but it won't be inflation on our competition who isn’t subject to ttheyse costs. Jon Braatz Okay. Are you seeing any additional pressure from let’s say copper or maybe you know, from some of tthey purchase product – for example, like motors and so on? Norman Asbjornson No, we're not. Jon Braatz Okay. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing, Norm, in your press release and tthey commentary regarding your water-source theyat pump, talk about significant sales will not be witnessed until mid-2017, was it related profits in 2018. Is that a little bit different than what you had been saying, because I thought maybe we'd start seeing some more sales from ttheir product line earlier in 2017 and maybe even in late 2016? Norman Asbjornson Recognize we're kind of in tthey woods theyre, because ttheir is totally new product line to us, so a lot it is pure speculation on our part. We believe that we will be able to get as many orders as we can handle. Tthey question is how many – how much can we handle and recognize we're embarking upon building a product which we never built before. But we have spent quite a bit of money, establittheyyd on our manufacturing. We're still in tthey process of doing it. We have very high expectations for what we're putting in place, but wtheyn none ottheyr processes if ttheyy were been running, we haven’t talked to people how to run it, it’s a lot of conjecture was what we think is going to happen. If I said on tthey positive side, I would say that we could strike into, without any doubt we can in '17, be in tthey $50 million to $60 million, $70 million range, if I got pessimistic I'd say its going to be $30 million to $40 million and its kind of an unknown factor. We do have a lot talent theyre and we have spent a great deal of effort to come up with a manufacturing methodology which we believe will be cutting-edge technology and we've run it down for every way we can, as far as what happens with tthey work and so we had back up plans for everything that we're going to be tempting to do. We just don’t know how smoothly we're going to be able to put ttheir into production. Wtheyn it is in production, and wtheyn it does do what we believe it’s going to do, we will definitely be tthey cost leader in manufacturing technology. Ttheir is a very soptheirticated, very – I'll just say ttheir, our work in process is non-existent, but we start to build a unit, we build components just a few minutes or few hours before we build a unit. So our work in process in ttheir environment is not going to be – is virtually going to be non-existent, that’s not theyrd of any manufacturing facility. So it’s quite a different way that we're going to handle ttheir. Jon Braatz Okay. One last follow up, I appreciate tthey uncertainty regarding tthey new product line. But do you think you could get a sense in late 2016 wtheyttheyr you're going to be sort of at – wtheyttheyr you think you can be at tthey low end or tthey upper end of that sort of tthey range that you gave, would you get a sense early on or late in 2016 wtheyre that might – wtheyre you might fall in 2017 or would that be too early still? Norman Asbjornson No, that’s very definitely probable. Jon Braatz Okay. Norman Asbjornson It’s tthey start up which we're going to be starting theyre in anottheyr month or so. Ttheyre it’s going to start telling you how much problem we've got. So by sometime in tthey early fall, we'll pretty well know what our problems are, what our issues and what we have to do, we'll be able to project pretty well how fast we can handle. So sometime in tthey October timeframe I would guess we will start having a very good idea what our abilities are to handle that and how - how much we can expect to do in 2017. Jon Braatz Okay. Thank you, Norm. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Matt McGuire [ph] with Eagle Asset Management. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Good afternoon. I am sorry if I missed it. But tthey last couple of quarters you've been talking about renewed sales efforts on tthey West Coast, I am just wondering if you could update us on tthey progress of that effort? Norman Asbjornson Okay. Well, we made major changes in our representation on more than tthey West Coast. We changed out Alabama, Kentucky, Arkansas, Las Vegas, and Norttheyrn California. And all of ttheym are coming along at varying degrees of success, but overall collectively ttheyy have done pretty much what we anticipated. Some of ttheym obviously are running atheyad of ottheyrs, some of dragging a little bit, but so far we've not lost faith in our decisions on any of those places. So it’s our expectation that as times goes on theyre ttheyy will continue to get better and better and we'll realize more out of those markets. But in addition to that, probably tthey more significant thing is by taking and putting seven regional managers out, doing work - four of ttheym were doing before, all of tthey rest of tthey sales force is getting a great deal, more attention. And that’s really probably more of tthey story that should be told and in tthey end ttheyy did show, change out so tthey people because we're getting tthey ability to theylp our customers and our sales force and all tthey markets much better now that we have tthey additional personnel to theylp ttheym. And that’s probably doing us more good than just once wtheyre we changed our personnel. Unidentified Analyst Thanks so much. Great job. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Joe Mondillo Good afternoon, Norm, Scott. I apologize, I missed tthey beginning on tthey call, so I apologize if I am covering something that’s already been talked about. But one thing I noticed, in tthey first quarter of 2015 ttheyre was a sales tax payment that hit tthey SG&A line, excluding that, gets you to about $7.7 million in tthey first quarter of '15, which makes tthey SG&A look like it increases by about 15% year-over-year, as a percent of sales it also rises year-over-year? I am just wondering what was tthey result of that and if that’s going to be a common ttheyme going forward for tthey rest of ttheir year? Scott Asbjornson Yes, we did have that sales tax impact in tthey first quarter of last year and that is an issue which has resolved it or its been resolved at ttheir point, ttheyre is not an impact in ttheir year. But we did have our ottheyr cost issues with profit sharing and ottheyr expenses which increased. And so in anticipate that yes, you will see our cost structure about tthey level that sat in tthey first quarter going forward. We also had some ottheyr similar items in tthey second quarter, but it won't be ttheyre ttheir year eittheyr. Joe Mondillo Right. So, is it better to look at it as an absolute number run rate going forward or as a percent of sales? Scott Asbjornson I would try and look at it more as a run rate, as tthey dollars going forward. Joe Mondillo So about $9 million? Scott Asbjornson Yes, as profits go up in tthey organization, profit sharing goes up, right, and that’s in SG&A. So as our profit sharing goes up and our profits go up, ttheyn our SG&A is automatically driven up by that occurrence. So to tthey extent that we make more money, our SG&A - dollar is also go up as well. Joe Mondillo Right. So if you – I mean, if you use $9 million as a run rate though that makes tthey SG&A year-over-year sort of flattish, excluding those sales tax payments in tthey beginning of last year. So it probably won't be a run rate because that would imply a flattish SG&A right, assuming you're going to see revenue growth which tthey first quarter definitely implies, shouldn’t it be higtheyr than tthey $9 million run rate? Scott Asbjornson Well, what you'll see going forward is as we make more profit ttheyn it will probably grow, tthey question is exactly what that number will be. But it’s somewtheyre in ttheir ballpark is our anticipation. But it is driven in large part by warranty and profit sharing. Joe Mondillo Okay. In terms of how tthey quarter shaped up from tthey beginning to tthey end, how did tthey –can you describe how tthey order flows trended and how we're looking now that we're in tthey first month of May, how is tthey second quarter is looking? Norman Asbjornson Tthey first two months of tthey year were surprisingly soft and we were becoming quite concerned and March along and changed fairly dramatically and pulled us out of tthey woods, so to speak. April didn’t hold up to tthey March performance, but it did pretty well and now we're in May and we seem to beginning anottheyr improvement in May. So its not a consistent trend line, in ottheyr words, it was down for two months, up for one month, modestly up or sort of stable for anottheyr month and now it appears to be going back up again for tthey months we're in right now. So you can't project often what tthey month-to-month has been like because ttheyy've been kind of ttheyoretic, but tthey general trend line has been positive. Joe Mondillo All right. And ttheyn in regard to tthey gross margin improvement year-over-year, what were tthey – is ttheyre anyway you can break out tthey drivers of that margin expansion? Scott Asbjornson We don’t have that broken out at tthey present time. We do have just our cost increases on raw materials within our Q that we could refer to. But we don’t have how much percentage of our improvement came from each of those factors. Joe Mondillo Okay. But tthey raw materials was a positive benefit in tthey first quarter? Norman Asbjornson Yes, raw materials have been positive for several months, may actually for two years now. Joe Mondillo Right. Norman Asbjornson But as we mentioned steel was going up significantly in third and fourth quarters. And so we're not too certain if that’s tthey driving force because of its tariff that’s been put in ttheyre, what trigged it because copper and aluminum those seem to be following soon. And so it just looks like tthey opportunity to get tthey steel price back up based upon tthey tariff has been taking advantage by tthey steel industry. And so steel costs are going up at least so ttheyy are right now making commitments about 20% more money than what we're paying today for steel in tthey third and fourth quarter. Joe Mondillo Okay. And I know, last year I think product mix, some of your more customized larger tonnage type units, I think performed a little weaker than some of your smaller tonnage last year which weigtheyd on your gross margin a little bit. How is that sort of trended, how is tthey demand for more of your customized high margin type stuff have been tracking ttheir year? Norman Asbjornson No, its still kind of weak, tthey place that’s theylping us out is sort to of tthey mid level, in ottheyr words, not real big equipment, but not a small equipment, right in tthey middle ground and that seems to be tthey strong point we're running in right now, which is a good market for us, it’s a good profitable place for us to be in. So it’s not hurting us at all. But tthey higtheyr end, tthey product doesn’t seem to be having a market out ttheyre like it use to. We seem to have lost that market back in - to some degree back in phase 2008 or '09 and it doesn’t seem to ever fully be recovered. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn just last one from me. Regarding tthey new water-source theyat pump venture, should we expect any cost overruns or inefficiencies, as you start in tthey early phases of ramping ttheir up or is that not really a risk? Norman Asbjornson Tthey big risk is teaching our people how to do it and having production efficiencies. As far as to having control, tthey methodologies we set up give us extremely good control over what we're doing. So we're not going to have cost overruns of components and you know, and out of control manufacturing, that simply will not happen. Tthey biggest problem is going to be how fast can we can bring our people up to speed and for ttheym to manufacture tthey way we expect it to happen. Joe Mondillo Is ttheyre anyway to tell us that ttheir could be a risk in tthey second and third quarter of – are we going to theyar about that maybe later ttheir year… Norman Asbjornson As I mentioned little bit ago, we would expect it, by October, November we will be able to pretty well see what our situation is. Because our start up, we're going to start – try and get things moving a little bit. In July we're going to do a little more, it’s actually running tthey manufacturing a little. We'll be doing prototype running in July and ctheycking out things, ctheycking out functionality of various manufacturing things in July. In August we'll actually be trying to run tthey full scale running, and by September we will start knowing wtheyttheyr or not we are going to be able to run it pretty well. By October we'll be able to make some pretty good estimates of how long it’s going to take us to get at to wtheyre we were, between now and ttheyn it’s a lot of guess work. Joe Mondillo Okay. All right. Well, appreciate it. Thanks a lot. Norman Asbjornson Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Actually we do have one more question and it’s from tthey line of Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital. Your line is open. Jon Braatz Norm, just a follow up, as you began commercializing tthey new theyat pump, will ttheyre, will be a higtheyr warranty reserve for that product initially? Norman Asbjornson Well, tthey things we have done should not cause us to have a higtheyr warranty. Ttheyy just about eliminate to a large degree warranty problems for a whole lot of sources. We've changed tthey way we're going to manufacturer and we're doing things, I'll give you just one example. One of tthey danger things it causes refrigerant problems, refrigeration problems, everybody brazes all your joints and your refrigeration system with a sadolin [ph] system with a torch, we are not, we are going to induction wielding, induction wielding means that you don’t create any flame around it at all, you do it strictly with induction, electrical induction and to ttheir joint and it gives you an extremely clean and extremely fine joint. So we're doing things like that, that have not been done in ttheir industry and ttheyy should make our product a whole lot better and lot less subject to having problems. But tick on that wtheyn because that one probably creates about as many problems using a sadolin toward brazed joint. That probably creates as many related problems and building air condition, you know, is about any thing and we're doing away with that, we're not going to do that at all. So we already have been running cash things, so ttheir not hypottheytical at all, it’s just that we don’t know about lot of ottheyr things we're doing. My guess on ttheir is we will come out on deferred write off to that with virtually no more, probably less warrant cost than tthey product we're building today. Jon Braatz Okay. All right. Thank you very much. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to our presenters for any closing remarks. Norman Asbjornson Okay. Thank you very much for joining us for ttheir review of our first quarter. Tthey discussion about what tthey rest of tthey year is. As we've talked - a lot of tthey discussions been as we'd expect to be on tthey probability of what tthey water-source theyat pumps going to be, I would say that you should think of ttheir. We have done a lot to try and find out what tthey industry would really like to have in a product and we made several advances which we feel very secure and thinking we're going to make tthey product extremely attractive to tthey customers. On tthey production side of it, as I've just briefly described theyre, we were already into tthey manufacturing arena and we got outside of tthey air conditioning market, went out and just manufacturing and mass production strictly on its own and we look for anything that might be out ttheyre which would aid us to be a much better manufacturer of water-source theyat pumps. We think we've got those things in. We think we've gone through ttheym whole part of that, so that we don’t have any hidden surprises and we fully expect to have a very state of tthey art manufacturing facility. Our biggest unknown at ttheir time is how long it’s going to take us to come up to speed. And that’s always tthey case anytime we are doing something new, I don’t think its going to take very long, but that’s all my opinion and its not mourned by any fact at ttheir time, but like I said by October, November we're going to be able to say we have facts and it adtheyres what it tell us. So we're very optimistic about wtheyre ttheir is going to take us in tthey water-source theyat pump business. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.