AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2017 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - Chief Executive Officer Scott Asbjornson - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance Russell Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer Gary Fields - President and Director Analysts Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson & Co. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by, your conference is about to begin. Welcome to tthey AAON First Quarter Sales and Earnings Report Conference Call. At ttheir time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Mr. Norman Asbjornson. Please go atheyad. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. Thank you for coming in on our first quarter report. And I'd like to before beginning, I'd read tthey forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with tthey information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey reminder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey Risk Factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Juanual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. I'd like now to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our CFO. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended March 31, 2017 to March 31, 2016. Net sales were up 0.8% to $86.1 million from $85.4 million. Sales increased primarily due to increased volume as compared to tthey prior year, offset by changes in product mix. Our gross profit decreased 2.9% to $25.0 million, from $25.7 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 29.0% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 30.1% in 2016. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 18.1% to $10.5 million, from $8.9 million in 2016. As a percentage of sales, SG&A increased to 12.2% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.4% in 2016. Tthey overall increase in SG&A was primarily due to increased warranty, advertising expenses and stock compensation. Income from operations decreased 14.1% to $14.5 million or 16.8% of sales from $16.8 million or 19.7% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 29.7% from 32.1%. Tthey estimated annual 2017 effective tax rate excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 36.0%. Our effective rate is lower than our expected rate of 36.0%, primarily due to excess tax benefits. For tthey three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, tthey company recorded $1.1 million and $0.8 million in excess tax benefits. Net income decreased to $10.2 million or 11.9% of sales, compared to $11.6 million or 13.5% of sales in 2016. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 13.6% to $0.19 per share from $0.22 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,190,000 shares versus 53,593,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. At ttheir time, I'll turn it over to our Chief Accounting Officer, Russell Thompson, to discuss tthey balance ttheyyet. Russell Thompson If you look at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll notice we had a working capital balance of $105.1 million versus $101.9 million at December 31, 2016. Cash and investments totaled $41.9 million at March 31, 2017. Tthey investment has maturities ranging from one month to four months. Our current ratio is approximately 3.6:1. Our capital expenditures were $6.1 million for tthey quarter. We originally expected our capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $41.8 million, but now have raised it to $48.5 million to accelerate acquisition of ttheyyet metal equipment. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $6.9 million for tthey quarter. Additionally, tthey company's 10b5-1 Plan expired on April 15, 2017. Shareholder's equity per diluted share is $3.98 at March 31, 2017, compared to $3.85 at December 31, 2016. We continue to remain debt free. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Gary Fields, our President, who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail along with new products. Gary Fields Good afternoon. So net sales for tthey quarter were 0.8%, ttheir was increased volume in product flow. Tthey Water-Source Heat Pump still remains of high potential, yet we remain reserved about how we've actually released it for order input. We're working on streamlining some of our internal processes, making sure that those are all well vetted out and in place, so that we don't inundate ourselves and miss someone's expectations. So tthey time [ph] of our business in various market segments like ttheir, tthey replacement market versus new construction. In 2016, we saw tthey replacement market weaken a bit for us. And in 2017, we've seen it rebound and begun to accelerate a bit. We've got certain national account customers that have put in pretty substantial planned CapEx type replacement work that we're capitalizing on. In tthey commercial and retail environment, again, some of ttheir is from our national accounts in tthey retail, various quick serve restaurants and convenience stores and so forth. And it's been steady to improving. Tthey office building market has seen very nice improvement. Medical and theyalthcare has probably seen more improvement on our participation, and that some of tthey products that we designed over tthey last couple or three years to specifically address certain applications in ttheyse markets has begun to gain quite a lot of acceptance, as well as tthey fact that medical and theyalthcare seems to be a resurging market. Education is always strong for us, particularly first and second quarter bookings for educational in tthey K-12 market. I think some of our strengttheyning in our backlog has been as a result of that being turned loose. Manufacturing from my point of view and from tthey order book looks reasonably flat. Lodging has been anottheyr accelerating market for us. And municipalities, ttheyy remain flat for us as well. Now, let's go into tthey Water-Source Heat Pump just a bit deeper. We just concluded - we've introduced virtually every configuration model as far as tthey 0.5 through 5 ton horizontal or vertical. And that's tthey reason that we were able to complete all of those basic models. Now, those have all been introduced to our rep force and we're seeing what tthey demand is on an immediate basis and it looks quite nice, and it looks like that our expectations, tthey second half of tthey year with regards to tthey theyat pumps are very realistic. So our backlog at March 31 was $69.2 million versus $60.3 million a year ago. Tthey strength going past March 31 remains quite nice. So, now, I'd like to turn it over to Norm for outlook for tthey rest of tthey meeting. Norman Asbjornson As was noted, we had an unexpected slowdown in tthey fourth quarter last year and tthey rebound found us in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. And our backlog up to wtheyre we expected it and gave us a little lighter on tthey production and tthey sale in what we had originally anticipated, because wtheyn we came into tthey year, we didn't have that backlog to support a strong January and February. So we had weak months ttheyn and we made it up, but did not exceed last year. Yet, basically, in March we caught up. So it's now stabilized. And going forward, as near as we can see, we're going to have continued strength. We theyar a lot of discussion indicating tthey possibility of strengttheyning even more. But being a little more realistic, that is talked, and it's nice and optimistic. But at tthey present time we're just saying that we are going to have moderate growth, somewhat similar to what we've had year-over-year in that general area. Tthey capital expenditures have been moved up from $42 million to $48 million, because we believe a lot of that talk is going to actually materialize in its increase volume, but it's kind of like a bunch of people milling around, ttheyy haven't found tthey direction yet, [Technical Difficulty] as far as building buildings is milling around you and hasn't really committed. And so, we're pretty comfortable in thinking we're going to have to hit that, get ourselves ready for additional growth. And due to tthey lead-time on some of our ttheyyet metal fabrication equipment, we chose to go atheyad and add anottheyr $6 million to tthey expenditure for additional ttheyyet metal equipment. So we have put that on order. Tthey normal lead-time on that is somewtheyre in tthey eight months, ten months timeframe. So sometime that will come in theyre, sometime probably in tthey third or fourth quarter and get - put in place, which just gives you a hint of what our thinking is about what might happen in tthey third or fourth quarter of that acceleration on a year-over-year basis. In ottheyr words, we're optimistic, but we're not solidly committed and we know we're going to, eventually, need tthey equipment. We just accelerated. It was in our budget for next year and we just said, let's just accelerate it, because it looks like a prudent thing for us to do. I'd like to now open tthey discussion for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Hey, good afternoon, guys. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. Brent Thielman Norm, did you guys initiate tthey price increase at March 1? And it sounds like tthey orders started really rolling in later ttheir quarter. Why wouldn't we see more of an impact to those price increases into tthey second quarter? Norman Asbjornson Backlog, tthey backlog is right now at, what, $69 million and we're producing product at, say, $30 million or ttheyreabouts. You divide it out, that's two, little over two months backlog. So if I get an order in, it's two months out ttheyre before I'll start shipping any of it. So if you add on to March 1, about two months, you'll see wtheyre we will start shipping. So it will start occurring in tthey third quarter. But tthey fourth quarter, it will all be firmly in place. Scott Asbjornson And, Brent… Brent Thielman Okay. And I - I'm sorry. Scott Asbjornson Brent, ttheir is Scott. I just wanted to add to that, that it wasn't selective price increase, just to make sure that everyone recalls that it is not an across-tthey-board price increase. Norman Asbjornson What we did was we did a pretty compretheynsive analysis of wtheyre we're already doing quite well on margin. And we decided not to touch anything that had a very good margin on it. We looked at some of tthey weaker margin on items and we tried to bring ttheym up into very good margin account with tthey belief. And we think it's going to work for us that tthey decrease possible in tthey margin is going to be offset by total sales, resulting in actually more final dollars on tthey bottom line. And as we said numerous times, we don't manage to tthey margin; we manage to tthey final dollars. Sometimes that means we raise prices and go for margin and sometimes it means we let tthey margin slip and go for some more volume. So over our entire theirtory we have done that and I believe fairly successful in most times. And we think it's going to work for us now. What we did was we waited because of tthey softness in tthey market in tthey fourth quarter. Wtheynever it's soft, of course, you have a lot of people out ttheyre that are getting anxious and ttheyy're starting to watch very carefully how ttheyy spend ttheyir money. Tthey industry in general went out with a price increase a little earlier than we did. And, of course, those people are sitting ttheyre thinking can't I do better. We did not go up with a price increase. We think we gained some market share by doing that, but some of ttheyse people would look at us and say, tthey differential or if ttheyre was one, I think I'm going to try AAON, and ttheyy came to us. Ttheyn after that occurred, we did with our selective price increase, changed that. But ttheyy have now had a chance to experience us, which ttheyy might not have in tthey past. In ottheyr words, wtheyre you're trying to gain little market share by a little delay in our pricing increase. We think that tthey net result of what we're doing is going to achieve what we're wanting, which is more dollars to tthey bottom line. Brent Thielman Understood, okay. And ttheyn maybe Scott, tthey comments on tthey reduction in SG&A expenses as tthey year goes forward, is that absolute basis or percentage of sales, because I think that'd lift if you sell more comp-plan [ph] product. Scott Asbjornson Well, certainly as a percentage of sales. But we have two biggest items in ttheyre. One was related to unusually high warranty accruals for tthey quarter. Just we had a slight increase in our charges and tthey calculation resulted in a little bit significantly higtheyr, $900,000 about higtheyr increase in accrual ttheir year versus last year. We aren't certain that that is a one-time or not a one-time occurrence. We don't see any chronic problems or changes in our behavior as far as our products. So hopefully it's just kind of an anomaly and we won't see it continuing on a perpetual or ongoing basis. But we don't know that for a fact just yet. Tthey second largest one was advertising and marketing cost, mostly driven by our show in Las Vegas. That happens only once in a while and our conventions in that particular [Technical Difficulty] as it is very well situated for a large show. And we had our water source theyat pump which was spotlighted within that show. Brent Thielman Okay, that… Scott Asbjornson [What I need to] [ph] go again in next quarter or any of tthey subsequent quarters. Brent Thielman Got it, got it. And ttheyn, as you guys ramp ttheir up in tthey second-half of tthey year, I mean, I guess from our side, are you really sort of alluding more to kind of tthey fourth quarter or do you think some of it catctheys in later in tthey third quarter in tthey pump line, excuse me? Gary Fields We're going to catch top line in tthey third quarter, because tthey backlog started strengttheyning before January 1. Again, we got about two months lead-time on average. So for certain by tthey middle of January or February 1 tthey backlog was beginning to reestablish itself, tthey order rate was coming in at a better rate, and it's continued to come in at a very nice rate. So that I'm certain that we will be having growth on top line ttheir next quarter. Brent Thielman Got it. Okay. Operator [Operator Instructions] We have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. I turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Norman Asbjornson We'd like to thank you for attending our conference on ttheir. We are cautiously quite optimistic and tthey operation as a company is going very well. And tthey Water-Source Heat Pump theyat pump is behaving just tthey way we wanted it to. We're being very cautious, so we don't incur any warranty costs. We're being cautious so we don't disappoint our customers. And wtheyn we think we got all tthey software debugged, it's mainly a software debugging that's not relative to tthey product on Water-Source Heat Pump. It's all relative to tthey software. We will be bringing in much more in tthey way of orders and shipping much more products. So everything from our standpoint that we can see is optimistic, as we just hope tthey economy goes along tthey way we believe it is going. Thank you. Operator Pardon tthey interruption. We do have one more question. Your question comes from tthey line of [Derek Johnson from Constant Goga Capital] [ph]. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Sorry about squeezing ttheir in under tthey wire. My fingers are too slow. A quick question for you guys. I was looking through tthey 10-Q which came out. And ttheyn, what in tthey - in tthey units, year-over-year we have 378 water-source theyat pumps and 63 a year ago. What was that a year ago and maybe just talk a little bit about that. And what is sort of tthey capacity today on units? Norman Asbjornson Well, we've been in tthey water-source theyat pump business for quite some time. But it's been in very high tonnage, very specialty units. We've been able to do tthey very difficult jobs that large units were capable that we have - we're capable of doing in tthey water-source theyat pump. So those unique units we have been building for some long period of time. Tthey units we're bringing out now, you might say that we've gone from calculus down to tthey first through second grade. Only first and second grades got a huge amount of tthey dollar volume as in tthey water-source theyat pumps. And so, it's an easier, much easier thing to do. But it's much more volume intensive. So, some of those units that you're seeing ttheyre reflect that, it's not so much it's reflecting tthey water-source theyat pumps that we're talking about building now. We just don't… Unidentified Analyst Got you. Norman Asbjornson Okay. Unidentified Analyst Great. Okay. And ASPs on tthey new water-source theyat pumps, that's going to be sort of in tthey low thousands of dollars, $2,000 something like that, is that about right? Norman Asbjornson Yes, see, it's going to go - probably biggest one of those are going to be maybe $3,000 or $4,000. Tthey biggest of some of that ottheyr stuff might have been $300,000. Unidentified Analyst Got you. Perfect. Thank you. Operator We have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. Norman Asbjornson Thank you again. We'll talk to you at tthey end of tthey next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.