AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2016 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson – Chief Executive Officer Scott Asbjornson – Chief Financial Officer Joseph Thompson – Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Brent Thielman – D.A. Davidson Joe Mondillo – Sidoti & Company Jon Braatz – Kansas City Capital Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON Inc Second Quarter Ending June 30th Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I’d like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, sir. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. Thank you. Before going forward, I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year such statement is necessarily forward-looking and pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Williamual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Thank you. I’d like now to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our CFO. Scott Asbjornson Thank you, Norm. Welcome to our conference call. I would like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended June 30, 2016 to June 30, 2015. Net sales were up 13.3% to $102.3 million from $90.3 million. Sales increased due to increased volume as compared to tthey same period in 2015. Tthey gross profit increased 20.8% to $32.7 million from $27.1 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 32% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 30% in 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 14.8% to $10.6 million from $9.2 million in 2015. As a percentage of sales SG&A increased to 10.3% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.2% in 2015. Tthey overall increase in SG&A was primarily due to increased compensation and profit sharing expenses due to better results versus tthey same period last year. Tthey increase was partially offset by a decrease in ottheyr expense, which was higtheyr in 2015 due to sales taxes to certain states. Income from operations increased 23.7% to $22.2 million or 21.7% of sales from $17.9 million or 19.9% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 35.6% from 38.2%. Tthey Indian Employment Credit and Research and Development Credit were not extended until December of 2015 for tthey 2015 and 2016 tax years. As such, tthey effective rate for tthey three months ended June 30, 2016 is reduced for tthey impact of ttheyse credits while tthey effective rate for tthey three months ended June 30, 2015 does not reflect ttheyse credits. Tthey estimated annual 2016 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 36.0%. Net income increased to $14.3 million, or 14.0% of sales, compared to $11.1 million, or 12.3% of sales in 2015. Diluted earnings per share increased by 35% to $0.27 per share from $0.20 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,401,000 shares versus 54,670,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey six months ended June 30, 2016 to June 30, 2015. Net sales were up 12.4% to $187.7 million from $167.0 million. Sales increased due to increased volume as compared to tthey same period in 2015. Our gross profit increased 19.6% to $58.5 million from $48.9 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 31.1% in tthey six months just ended compared to 29.3% in 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 11.2% to $19.5 million from $17.5 million in 2015. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.4% of total sales in tthey six months just ended from 10.5% in 2015. Tthey overall increase in SG&A was primarily due to increased compensation cost and profit sharing expenses due to better results versus tthey same period last year. Tthey increase was partially offset by a decrease in warranty expense related to continued improvement in quality control and ottheyr expense, which was higtheyr in 2015 due to sales taxes to certain states. Income from operations increased 24.2% to $39.0 million, or 20.8% of sales from $31.4 million, or 18.8% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 36.0% from 37.9%. Tthey Indian Employment Credit and Research and Development Credit are not extended until December 2015 for tthey 2015 and 2016 tax years. As such, tthey effective rate for tthey six months ended June 30, 2016 is reduced for tthey impact of ttheyse credits; while tthey effective rate for tthey six months ended June 30, 2015 does not reflect ttheyse credits. Tthey estimated 2016 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 36.0%. Net income increased to $25.1 million, or 13.4% of sales, compared to $19.5 million, or 11.7% of sales in 2015. Diluted earnings per share increased by 30.6% to $0.47 per share from $0.36 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,395,000 shares versus 54,715,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I'll turn it over to our Chief Accounting Officer, Joseph Thompson, to discuss our balance ttheyyet. Joseph Thompson Thank you, Scott. Looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had a working capital balance of $91.5 million versus $80.8 million at December 31, 2015. Cash and investments totaled $44.6 million at June 30, 2016, tthey investments and maturities ranging from one month to 13 months. Our current ratio is approximately 2.7 to 1. Our capital expenditures were $15.8 million for tthey six months ended June 30, 2016. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $32.7 million. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $3.65 at June 30, 2016, compared to $3.28 at December 31, 2015. We also continue to remain debt free. In June 2016, tthey company executed a 10b5-1 repurchase agreement in accordance with tthey rules and regulations of tthey SEC, allowing tthey company to repurchase an aggregate amount of $25 million or a total of approximately 2 million shares from tthey open market. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Norm, who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail, along with new products and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Norman Asbjornson Net sales were up $13.3 million for tthey quarter. Sales increase was only due to volume increase, we have not had any price increases. Water-source theyat pump is in line. I would like to take a moment to talk about that. We decided approximately one year ago in August to go into tthey water-source theyat pump business. We have started out with an extremely aggressive plan to both design product and put in place manufacturing facility. We have accomplittheyyd approximately 60% of tthey design of all tthey products we’re going to be needing to do that achievement and we have got – we’re down to tthey commissioning level of commissioning our manufacturing facility, which will ttheyn allow us to go into production around tthey end of ttheir month. In one year’s timeframe that is an extraordinary accomplishment. I am extremely proud of tthey people in AAON for accomplishing it. It would normally be a multi-year process we have accomplittheyyd in one year. I’ll now talk a little bit about tthey total business [Audio Dip] business segment. Tthey replacement market seems to be tthey unknown and difficult one to judge. Tthey new construction market is by ABI, Architecture Billings Index running at a positive pretty much consistently throughout tthey year. So that means 6 to 9 months forward looking ttheyre are increased numbers of buildings being put on tthey market. Ttheyre is still many of tthey people who are paying for having ttheym design go atheyad and contract for production of tthey buildings. Tthey AHRI tthey industry reporting service on equipment is showing that in tthey commercial sector we are getting growth recurring and ttheyre seems to be some disconnect between tthey percentage of growth from AHRI and tthey industries reporting to ttheir sets ttheir Census Bureau on tthey number of dollars being spent on tthey buildings. So tthey AHRI is lagging a little bit as far as percentage is compared to what tthey industry reporting does through ttheir Census Bureau as far as tthey type of buildings. That must be attributable to a little bit of softness in tthey replacement market. And ttheyre is no real good ottheyr way to find out what’s going on in tthey replacement market but we would kind of concur that ttheyre seems to be a little softer than rates in tthey new construction market. Tthey good thing on that is that we are more reliant on tthey new construction market than we are in tthey replacement market and that may be to some extent why we are finding that we are doing better than some of tthey ottheyr people who are reporting in tthey AHRI are doing. We look down through commercial buildings, are having a little bit more of a struggle as in commercial and retail buildings and that seems to be in excess of buildings in that arena. Office buildings are showing a little more strength, medical and theyalthcare surprisingly is not showing as much strength as one would think. Education has come back a little bit more, manufacturing is doing quite well, lodging is doing quite well. So it’s a mixed bag as far what tthey census bureau is reporting that is occurring in tthey building traits. Tthey backlog on June 30, 2016 of $69.3 million compares to $66 million a year ago. So we are still growing backlog which is generally an amount that is consumed in tthey following two months of production. So you could expect that most of that $69.3 million that's in tthey backlog as of June 30, to have been built and shipped during July and August. We’re into a pretty much that we finish off, we know wtheyre we are pretty much for tthey third quarter. So because it's in tthey new back log and we're still even though ttheir soft market seems to be out ttheyre we are still continually doing fairly well compared to last year and we continue to do so. But we did think at our announcement ttheyre was a proper thing to do to alert you, tthey market in general seems to be kind of squishy some days it's up and some days it’s down more than we would normally expect. In spite of that we continue to deal pretty well but it is soft market and it is a challenging market. We don't see any downturn in our immediate income right at ttheir point in time. It was not intended to say that we were getting a downturn in our backlog. Although it has diminittheyyd a little bit as of percentage of growth. It is still very theyalthy and outgrowing our previous works. So as far as we can see which is tthey third quarter, tthey third quarter looks quite good for AR. Tthey fourth quarter is because we don't have orders in tthey backlog for tthey fourth quarter are very still unknown. All we could do is say that we see no reason based upon what's happening right now for us to have anything but a fairly good fourth quarter as well. We do however have a very difficult comparison to meet because we had an outstanding fourth quarter last year. So that will present us with some problems. We do have a couple ottheyr problems that we must talk about however besides that. And that’s tthey gross profit. While we don't shoot to maintain a percentage profit so much what we focus on is more how many dollars we put to tthey bottom line. So we're willing to sacrifice gross margin if we can put more dollars to tthey bottom line, probably you could see if you look at us theirtorically we tend to make very good profit. And we expect to continue to making very good profit. So that as far as we can see it at tthey present time as a theyalthy situation for us. Our worst case scenario has to do with tthey fact that we’ve enjoyed a diminishing of commercial products, of production products commodities primarily and steel being one of ttheym. Copper, aluminum being tthey ottheyrs.  Tthey copper, aluminum, and steel still hanging in ttheyre at a very attractive price. Tthey steel however has had a notable upturn due to a governmental duty that was applied a few months ago by our government against Chinese steel. And that did cause a substantial increase in tthey steel cost however as is always tthey case in most things tthey immediate reaction and it usually modifies itself for a variety of reasons as time goes on and such has been tthey case in tthey case of steel. So that we are seeing a little bit different perspective on tthey steel increase than we did in tthey preceding conference call wtheyn it had just happened at that time. Let Scott give you kind of a outside look at what steel is doing to, since they is probably at more closely than that of I. Scott Asbjornson Yes what we anticipated at tthey present time is that a worst case scenario is tthey increase in steel price could diminish our gross margin by an amount equivalent to approximately 2% of sales. We are working on a project to bring it below 1% of sales but that is still in tthey works of tthey present time. So our worst case scenario that we are predicting at tthey current rate is at 2% of sales impact to gross margin. We anticipate we can bring it in below that but we are not certain. And it's not finalized as of yet turn that back over to Norm. Norman Asbjornson Okay, now ttheyre’s but against that we have three small areas which can positively affect. Tthey first one that most likely comes to everybody's mind is well raise your price, I would point out that we are by far tthey most profitable company in tthey industry. And if we are tthey sole price increaser some people would think you’ll love us for being that. So it is a little bit nebulous on that basis and at ttheir point in time we've not seen although we have theyard that some our competitors are intending to raise tthey price because of steel but we have not seen ttheir happen yet. So that's not a decided factor as to wtheyttheyr we should employ that or not. Tthey next to both of which have been occurring to us throughout tthey past year has been increased productivity. We continue to believe that our productivity is going to increase and so that will diminish that effect on our P&L. Tthey mix think of it as if we continue growing tthey business three quarters we’ll somewhat over absorb our fixed overtheyad. So those two things will be modifiers to tthey cost increases well. At ttheir point in time it’s certainly nothing out ttheyre that is causing us panic it's just causing us a little discomfort. And ttheyn we’ll until we find tthey – determine that we’re going to have some way to over come it. Tthey biggest unknown in tthey whole scenario that we’re not discussing too much, although I’ve mentioned so far is water source theyat pumps. Ttheir is an unusual situation for me. I’ve been in ttheir industry a very long time. And generally speaking, what I just start out in some venture, ttheyre is a number of bad things happened a long way just like ttheyre’s number of good things happened a long way. I’ve got to tell you ttheir has been a very delightful experience, tthey personnel theyre at AAON, who undertook to design tthey product have been hitting all ttheyir sctheydules. Tthey personnel who are involved in putting togettheyr tthey manufacturing have been hitting ttheyir sctheydules. In addition to which it results that ttheyy are obtaining is truly outstanding, we expect to have a very wonderful product and an extraordinarily productive manufacturing environment. And as I say in both cases we are starting to round tthey curve hitting for tthey finish line. And we sold any – or have we got any significant orders yet, tthey answer is no. Tthey first production will start occurring about tthey end of ttheir month, tthey first part of tthey next month. And we are going to start it out very slowly and we are planning a very slow ramp up until tthey first part of November. And tthey reason for tthey slow ramp up is if you start ramping up and you put lot of personnel on tthey line and ttheyre you start running into a lot of problems, you all of a sudden have a lot of money inefficiencies which is very negative to your bottom line. So we have chosen to do slow ramp up which of course if we don’t have those problems will impact our P&L negatively and tthey respective we won’t make tthey profit we could possibly make. But on tthey ottheyr hand if we do run into some problems we are not going to have a negative impact upon our P&L which would occur if we did a fast ramp up. So we’ve chosen to do a slow ramp up until tthey first part of November at which point time we will determine if we’ve gotten a problems. And we will ttheyn at that point adjust our production and our order take and everything accordingly. We do have approximately space for approximately $1 million to $2 million worth of inventory and its our intent to go into production without worrying so much about building for given order but we got to build for inventory and orders which will give us more stability in our manufacturing process less likely would it have problems and better opportunity to really ramping up once we start going because we will have some inventory in place as well. So we are taking somewhat of a – which you might say a cautious approach to tthey way we are going to go into tthey manufacturing. And why would you say we would do ttheir. Our manufacturing methodologies up-to-date have been best described as mass customization and something which we feel we have an outstanding ability and if we go to surpass tthey industry in that type of manufacturing environment and that’s been largely tthey responsible thing for giving us such a successful company theyre. In ttheir environment, goal that we are going into, I had in my past work for and in fact one of tthey previous companies into tthey Water Source Heat Pump business. So I had 16 years of water source theyat pump business back in my inference in ttheir industry. It, of course, is a very old knowledge so we have used our representatives many of whom have great deal with Water Source Heat Pump business to give us guidance we have also been in tthey process of very slowly and very cautiously searching out and gaining knowledge by hiring people who have correct knowledge in tthey Water Source Heat Pump business. Tthey net result of it is we think we are entering a market with an extraordinarily attractive product to tthey customers. And we think that with all tthey way we approach tthey manufacturing in which we have spent approximately $12 million of that $15 million in capital which we spent it on putting that production line in place with a highly automated effort in every place we could. Virtually every piece of equipment it will be used to manufacture tthey Water Source Heat Pump is new equipment. Specifically selected for its ability to manufacture that type of product, so we think our productivity is going to outstanding with an outstanding product we have a great deal of belief that we are going to make that equal to tthey profitability of tthey existing profit product we have but it will probably take us a year to get all tthey wrinkles out of it. All tthey people who trained within tthey company before we hit that. So in tthey interim we will be gradually building tthey profit percentage if you will as we slowly gain tthey knowledge and how to run tthey operation and get through little kings worked out of tthey manufacturing. But as everyone within tthey company very optimistic about what its going to do for tthey company we don’t think its going to get to wtheyre its really doing what we want until probably like 2018 but it will start affecting us next year. At ttheir point in time, I would like to open it for question-and-answers. We just embark upon that. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Hi, good afternoon. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. Brent Thielman Some of tthey comments on tthey markets staffing, I appreciate all that different viewpoints ttheyre. I’m wondering are you seeing evidence of that maybe more specific in tthey regions or markets wtheyre you haven’t made significant sales managers, sales channel changes? Norman Asbjornson We always have weakness for your personnel [indiscernible] strong as ttheyy are in some of tthey ottheyr areas. And so yes that is true for instance big change we did last year putting those regional managers and ttheyy’ve had varying degrees of success but by and large ttheyy’ve been successful but ttheyre is no question that’s been varying degrees. And also in tthey change out of tthey sales of people if we had out ttheyre tthey manufacturers’ reps. Ttheyy have been coming on but wtheyn we got rid of tthey ottheyr people ttheyy worked of course doing nothing and so its taken a while for those ottheyrs to even get back to equally what tthey ottheyr ones were doing. So both of those were negatives on us last year, really theyard us in tthey second and third quarter of last year and kind of disappeared in tthey fourth quarter of last year and tthey first quarter and tthey second quarter ttheir year. All of those people are coming up to speed better. What I think we are seeing to some degree is improvement that we have made in both tthey regional managership as well as tthey sales offices and tthey corresponding additional efforts we’ve been able to get to our existing offices is kind of offsetting some of ttheir weak situation we are seeing in tthey marketplace. And that’s why we are still performing fairly well. I think that’s what we are hoping that – from what we see it on tthey forecast that we get from tthey PL, we get forecast from ttheym on a regular basis showing what ttheyy anticipated by tthey due for tthey next few months. And so far it’s still looking fairly promising in that respect. Brent Thielman Okay, that’s encouraging. And ttheyn – yes, your comments on tthey steel cost impact, I appreciate tthey color ttheyre, were some of tthey things that you are doing that kind of counteract that? Is that how we are going to see that in tthey third quarter or is that going to be more than fourth quarter event? Norman Asbjornson Well, theyre’s tthey way we see at tthey present time. We were using a 100% U.S. manufactured steel. What happened wtheyn tthey duty was applied, very, very big duty that tthey government applied to tthey Chinese steel, ttheyy did not apply it to all manufacture’s steel from all countries throughout tthey world. And so to varying degrees, of course, as would normally be wtheyn tthey scarcity appears, which happened, tthey U.S. manufactures immediately raised ttheyir price significantly. Some of tthey foreign get to some degree, but not ttheir much. And basically tthey chain of supply and everything got altered by tthey nature of tthey restrictions specific to tthey Chinese steel, and some of our suppliers were accustomed, working with some ottheyr foreign countries as well as tthey domestic ones. And so some of our supply chain immediately said we can give you foreign steel at a diminittheyyd cost, and ttheyn in some cases we’ve taken ttheym up on it. Recognize, we always forward price as much as we could do, and we're just now getting to tthey point wtheyre we're starting to get close to running out of that pre-bought steel. So our increases are starting to happen, but it looks like what is going to happen to us is we model a little bit of high – you might call high priced steel, that’s going to happen to us over tthey next two or three months. And ttheyn because we're getting ourselves in better shape to know how to buy foreign steel and also because that ttheyre's tthey old pendulum always swings too far one way or tthey ottheyr, tthey U.S. steel manufactures are starting to break down. And so we're thinking ttheyre's going to be a little bit of cost increase more in tthey later part of tthey – maybe in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn it's going to diminish again as it was going into tthey first quarter, that's kind of – what we kind of think is going to happen. All of ttheir of course is somewhat supported by what is occurring to us and some of it is speculation. Brent Thielman Got it. Understood. Sounds like it’s still kind of a fluid situation. Norman Asbjornson It is. Brent Thielman On tthey Water Source Pump line, as you start to introduce ttheir quarter, and obviously in tthey future quarters, does that going to meaningfully move SG&A from theyre? Norman Asbjornson I don't expect its going to have a great deal of effect on tthey SG&A, although it will have some because we're going to be hiring some dedicated sales personnel to sell Water Source Heat Pump because tthey knowledge of selling that kind of product is not present very well in our present organizational structure. So we're bringing dedicated people in, and ttheyn of course, it will take a few months for ttheym to really pay for ttheymselves. And so it will trip us up for a little bit. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn just one last one for me on tthey pump line. Are we going to start to see that that show up in backlog or do you plan to include that in ttheyre going forward? Norman Asbjornson It will include in backlog, it is anottheyr company product, and so it will be pulled right in. We work just like we do internally now. We carrying individual profit and loss on various product lines and we’ll do tthey same on tthey Water Source Heat Pump. So we have no way how it's doing and how’s it’s contributing, but what you will see out ttheyre will be a combined Water Source Heat Pump and all of our past and existing product lines, you will not see it as a separate item. Brent Thielman Understood. Thanks for all tthey color and best of luck ttheir quarter. Norman Asbjornson Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from line of Joe Mondillo from Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Joe Mondillo Hey, guys, good afternoon. Norman Asbjornson Hi, Joe. Joe Mondillo So just – I just wanted to follow-up with some of tthey commentary that we've been talking about regarding tthey steel prices. So tthey first half of tthey year you were able to roughly expand your gross margins by roughly about 200 basis points year-over-year, and you're talking about how tthey back half could be a maximum of 200 basis point theyadwind, and with all tthey productivity improvements you're seeing that are going to offset that. Could we still see gross margin expansion in tthey back half of tthey year on a year-over-year basis? Scott Asbjornson Look, if you are comparing tthey full year, ttheyn you'll still get tthey benefit of what's already taken place in tthey first half of ttheir year, so you would see that, certainly. And as far as continuing to see tthey – say, tthey third quarter better than just what tthey third quarter by itself of last year, I would anticipate that as well, because a lot of tthey third quarter is still going to have an expensive steel in it. Tthey more challenging one is going to come up wtheyn we get to tthey fourth quarter. Joe Mondillo Okay. And… Norman Asbjornson And we just talked about being somewhat fluid. Joe Mondillo Right. And ttheyn if you look at that fourth quarter, you're also seeing a tough comp on tthey top line or tthey volume side of things. So tthey fourth quarter could be difficulty wtheyreas tthey third quarter maybe not as much. Scott Asbjornson That would be our take on it. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn – sorry. Norman Asbjornson We just have – we have weak – somewhat weak third quarter last year and a strong fourth quarter. Joe Mondillo Okay. Right. So looking at your backlog tthey last two quarters; if you compare tthey revenue growth in a quarter relative to tthey backlog growth of tthey previous quarter, you were able to outperform tthey backlog growth, which tells me that tthey first month of that next quarter you’ve received a pretty good order intake. So I was wondering how – I guess tthey month of July has looked for you guys so far in terms of overall. Norman Asbjornson Tthey month of July – tthey order input on tthey month of July was weak. Tthey order input so far in tthey month of August has been strong. Joe Mondillo Okay. All right. And ttheyn in terms of tthey SG&A, last year you had some of that – some tax situation that was a one-time type of item in tthey SG&A line. So if you exclude that in tthey second quarter of last year you were out of roughly about 9.7% and sort of similar in tthey first quarter, which makes tthey SG&A, tthey percent of sales for tthey first half of ttheir year higtheyr than it was last year even though you're seeing much better revenue line. Just wondering why tthey percent of sales SG&A is rising. I understand on an absolute basis, but as a percent of sales, I would think it would fall. Scott Asbjornson Look, part of what we have that goes into that SG&A is we have sales incentive payments, bonuses as we payout, and we also have profit sharing. Those are two big components of what have increased, is obviously we've been doing fairly well on our sales side ttheir year, though our salespeople compared to last year at tthey same time are getting more significant compensation, so that we're seeing tthey compensation largely to our salespeople and tthey infinite plans going up. Joe Mondillo So is tthey compensation or tthey commission rates – are tthey rates actually going up as well? Scott Asbjornson Well, ttheyy have a formula that’s driven by ttheyir achievement towards our budget for ttheyir regions. And so some of ttheym are doing better than ottheyrs and that had a progressive increase. So it’s a little bit better than ado, it will get to be a higtheyr value for ttheym as a percent of ttheyir base compensation. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn just lastly and I don’t if you mentioned ttheir regarding tthey water-source theyat pump, actually I got a couple of questions regarding water-source theyat pump. In tthey second quarter, did you realize any cost that significantly affected tthey bottom-line at all? Scott Asbjornson Relative to tthey water-source theyat pump? Joe Mondillo Yes. Scott Asbjornson No for tthey most part what we have been doing is being captured for capitalization wtheyn tthey lines start up. Joe Mondillo Okay. And just in terms of your outlook of that market, I know it’s, I think relatively slow, just given energy prices. You mentioned in tthey past that you think you may be able to, low-hanging fruit upwards of may be 20% of tthey market share, which I think is roughly around $100 million you’ve talked about. Do you still think that’s a possibility in tthey next two years call, or is that going to be tough? I’m sure you’re going to shoot for it, but is that going to be challenging to get to 20% market share in just a matter of a couple of years? Norman Asbjornson No question to be tough, next year would be impossible, tthey second year in 2018 it would still be quite a stretch, but we think that we’ve got enough things going for us that is going to be kind of like wtheyn you start learning to run and walk, you kind of stumble every now and ttheyn, you didn’t intend to. I suspect that’s going to cause us so many problems as we try and ramp ttheir whole thing up, we’ll occasionally stumble a little bit too much. And ttheyn that will prevent it. As far as tthey ability to take tthey market, I don’t think that is going to be tthey big problem for us, I think, we’ve got tthey salesforce that’s necessary to do it, I think we have tthey product that’s necessary to do it, I’m sure that we’re putting in place tthey production facility necessary to do it, but tthey stumbling, I think is going to happen. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn I just actually have one last question. In terms of your CapEx budget ttheir year what are you exactly looking that to be – looking for that to be? Scott Asbjornson We have budgeted $32.7 million. We still anticipate that we’re likely to spend somewtheyre close to that, but we don’t have an updated figure that shows any changes in any direction up or down, but we’re anticipating tthey $32.7 million is pretty solid. Joe Mondillo Okay great, thanks a lot. I appreciate you taking my questions. Scott Asbjornson Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Jon Braatz from Kansas City Capital. Your line is open. Jon Braatz Good morning guys – good afternoon. Most of my questions have been answered, but Norman correct me may be I'm wrong, but in your press release you talk about, on tthey water-source theyat pump, a profit impact – not a significant profit impact until 2018. Has that changed at all, because I thought maybe we were looking for something possibly more in 2017, late 2017? Norman Asbjornson We're looking to start impacting it in 2017, obviously it will be occurring. It may start occurring a little bit in 2016, but what we’re saying in 2018 it would be a very major part of our profit. If we get ttheyre as we spoke earlier, if we get in very close to tthey $100 million in revenue, we’d better be doing a pretty good job on tthey bottom line or we made a bad mistake in someplace. And we don't think we have made any mistake. But we think until ttheyn it's just going to be a growing thing because ttheir is – as my reference to tthey stumbling occurs tthey stumbling is going to be cost negative it's going to be hurting us wtheynever we do stumble for whatever reason. And so during 2017 that's probably going to happen. Now how much is going to happen? Oh I wish I knew. If I knew how to do it, I wouldn’t stumble. But I’m just cautioning theirtorically my experience is that things don't always go quite tthey way you think ttheyre are going to go. And I fully expect that will be tthey case theyre. I will say that I’ve been very, very pleased with all tthey performance of tthey people within tthey company at what's been going on so far, ttheyy have nailed things down remarkably well, and right no sctheydule, right on every aspect of what ttheyy're doing. We made a presentation to our Board of Directors ttheir week. I think ttheyy came away positively blown away by what ttheyy saw and tthey way we’re putting ttheir thing togettheyr. Tthey manufacturing, just to refresh some people's minds, may not. We set out 28 ago with two distinctly strong beliefs, we had to be to be successful, we’ve had to be tthey technological leader in product and we had to be tthey technological leader as much as we could afford to be in manufacturing methods. Well as much as we could afford to be has pretty much gone away now. So what we did in putting ttheir water-source theyat pump togettheyr, we looked world-wide for everything that would possibly work in improving productivity, in building water-source theyat pumps in mass method and it will be very much. Just to give you just a little hint, we will not have paper running around out ttheyre, we will have TV screens all over tthey manufacturing thing which will be telling tthey people how to put stuff togettheyr. We will virtually eliminate certain functions that would be normal in a normal manufacturing methodology. We have built instead of ttheir being a spread out one storey type manufacturing facility it is a two-storey facility with [Audio Dip] first floor and second floor back and forth, with first floor being tthey assembly area and tthey second floor being ttheyre support area. Very different approach that we've used in ttheir and we expect we will make it extraordinary efficient methodology for building. We also know that because we are doing so many things that nobody has real experience we had to be very, very careful ttheyre. We’ve had to test ttheym very thoroughly as we're doing constantly on a daily basis and I’ve become very thrilled with tthey fact that we're really coming down to tthey homestretch and we just seem to be doing better and better and tthey possibility for stumbling seems to be lessened every day. So I’m very, very optimistic about what's going to happen, but I'm still cautious, I’m still concerned with tthey probability we're going to stumble in some place. Jon Braatz I understand. Scott you talked a little bit about some actions that you might initiate to reduce that 2% number that you mentioned and mitigate tthey higtheyr cost of steel. What might some of those actions be? And do you just – is it simply buying and sourcing your steel from different areas and different firms, or is it more than that? Scott Asbjornson No it is doing better sourcing and sourcing from outside of tthey United States. Jon Braatz Okay, okay. Will that include... Norman Asbjornson So that’s… Jon Braatz I've always – I’ve theyard about problems with Chinese steel, would that include Chinese steel? Norman Asbjornson No. Scott Asbjornson No. Jon Braatz Okay. Norman Asbjornson We will be getting steel from ottheyr parts of tthey world. Jon Braatz Okay, thank you. Norman Asbjornson Tthey big problem we have is we have not had organizational set up in tthey purchasing of steel from mill site. And so we're having to develop those sources of steel, in areas prove ttheym and make sure that we’re getting tthey quality we want. So we’re doing a lot of work in areas that we’re not accustomed to. Jon Braatz Thanks for that. Scott Asbjornson Thank you. Norman Asbjornson Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Norman Asbjornson All right I’d like to thank tthey audience. See you again in November for our third quarter and end results. And we are very optimistic we’re going to have a very nice time in November. Talk to you ttheyn. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call you may now disconnect.