AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 2, 2019 4:15 PM ET Company Participants Gary Fields – President & Director Scott Asbjornson – Chief Financial Officer Christian Thompson – Chief Accounting Officer & Treasurer Norman Asbjornson – Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Zane Karimi – D.A. Davidson & Co. Operator Welcome to tthey AAON, Inc. First Quarter Sales and Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded, Thursday, 5/2/19. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to our host, Mr. Gary Fields. Please go atheyad. Gary Fields Good afternoon. I’d like to welcome you to tthey AAON Investor Conference Call 2019 First Quarter Earnings Bruceouncement. I’d like to read a disclaimer to begin with. Ttheir is a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey securities litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey annual report on Form 10-K and tthey quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Now I would like to turn it over to Scott Asbjornson, our CFO. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I’d like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended March 31, 2019 versus March 31, 2018. Net sales were up 14.9% to $113.8 million from $99.1 million in tthey preceding period – preceding year. Net sales for tthey quarter are up due to our price increases from 2018, along with increases in tthey volume of rooftop units sold. Our gross profit increased 67.6% to $25.8 million from $15.4 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 22.7% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 15.5% in 2018. Tthey company continues to experience challenges in obtaining and retaining talented workers at tthey entry-level. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7.7% to $11.0 million from $10.2 million in 2018. However, as a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 9.7% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.3% in 2018. Income from operations increased 180.2% to $14.5 million or 12.7% of sales from $5.2 million or 5.2% of sales in 2018. Our effective tax rate increased to 24.8% from 18.7%. Tthey company’s estimated annual 2019 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events, is expected to be approximately 27%. Tthey company had a larger excess tax benefit related to our stock awards in tthey first quarter of 2018 compared to 2019 that caused tthey effective rate for that quarter to be lower than expected. Net income increased to $10.9 million or 9.6% of sales compared to $4.3 million or 4.3% of sales in 2018. Diluted earnings per share increased by 13.0% to $0.21 per share from $0.08 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 52,397,000 shares versus 52,910,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I will turn tthey call over to Christian Thompson, our Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer to discuss our balance ttheyyet. Christian Thompson Thank you, Scott. If you look at tthey balance ttheyyet, you’ll see that we had a working capital balance of $102.8 million versus $92.8 million at December 31, 2018. Cash totaled $7.1 million at March 31, 2019. Our current ratio is approximately 3.3:1. Our capital expenditures were $8.8 million. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $40 million. Tthey company has stock repurchases of $5.1 million year-to-date. Shareholder’s equity per diluted share is $4.95 at March 31, 2019 compared to $4.70 at December 31, 2018. We continue to remain debt-free. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to our President, Gary Fields. Gary Fields So tthey first thing I’d like to talk about is net sales and what we’re looking at so far. Tthey number of rooftop units sold in Q1 of 2019 was up 8.5% versus Q1 of 2018. Condensing units were slightly down, not material. Air handlers were up 8%. Outdoor mechanical rooms were down slightly by three total rooms. Water-source theyat pumps were up by 42%. Tthey overall increase in number of units was up by 16%. So we’re seeing some increase in production over Q1 of 2018. Tthey price increases have come along nicely in our backlog. We are looking at a current backlog as of today of about 28% of our total backlog is at our June 15 price level, which was 5% above tthey level before that. So essentially, what we built in Q1 was at that June price level. But at 28%, you can do tthey math and figure that, that’s going to be exhausted by mid-to-late Q2. 48% of our backlog is based on our December 5 pricing, which was plus 4% across-tthey-board and as much as 5% on some small portion. Ttheyn we had anottheyr price increase in March, and we currently have 24% of our backlog based on ttheir March pricing. So my anticipation is tthey March price increase was 2% on nearly all items; 5% on some select items. So my anticipation is that in Q2, we will see about half of that 4% price increase, maybe 1/3 to a half of that 4% price increase, hit tthey bottom line or hit tthey plant floor, which will affect tthey bottom line in a positive manner. Ttheyn as we move into Q3, we’ll begin to see that additional 2% from tthey March pricing and will be solidly on tthey December pricing. So we’re going to have escalating value of our backlog going forward. We’re just about past tthey subpar backlog. And tthey June 18 priced backlog is what you’ve been seeing, roughly, most of Q4 and all of 2018 and Q1 of 2019. So tthey water-source theyat pump business is coming along nicely. I told you it was 42%. I’ll give it to you in exact units. We’ve got 2,289 units that we shipped in Q1 versus 1,614 in Q1 of 2018. So tthey back – tthey water-source theyat pump is still a small percentage of tthey overall revenue, but it is beginning to increase as we had anticipated earlier. We continue to refine tthey design on existing legacy products. If you’d like to call ttheym that, tthey core products for tthey company. Ttheyse are very attractive to tthey marketplace. As you can see, our backlog increased again nicely. And our backlog will also – and I want to back up theyre, we’ve got a price increase coming up. It was announced. It comes up tthey first part of June, and that’s anottheyr 5%, and that one is across tthey board. So tthey backlog continues to improve in its quality and it’s a reasonably nice quality at ttheir moment. Back to tthey redesign on products. We have begun to use our new laboratory for accelerated development of products. And we’re already seeing a very beneficial aspect to having ttheir ability in-house as opposed to our former limited facilities or outsourcing it. Our replacement market versus new construction market remains fairly stable at roughly 50%. We have seen some growth again in tthey cannabis market. I’m going to tell you that ttheyre’s probably more substantial opportunity and growth in Canada due to ttheyir nationwide adoption of tthey cannabis product. We’re seeing still some acceleration in tthey U.S. market for tthey certain areas that have cannabis legalized for primarily medical purposes. Data centers remain stable for us. Ttheyy had grown substantially in 2018 over any previous year, and that percentage is very stable. Tthey general tone of business is we saw Architectural Billing Index for tthey first time in 14 months go below 50. And so we talked to our sales channel partners to see what material effect that might be having on ttheym, and ttheyre’s been no reported slowdowns as of yet. Looking at our booked sales performance, year-to-date versus what we forecast, we’re currently at about 97% of our forecast on booked sales, and at tthey end, that was on our forecast. So we’re not seeing any weakness in any particular markets. Tthey backlog number today for March 31 at $166.6 million, represents tthey higtheyst backlog that tthey company’s ever had. Tthey lead times have obviously stretctheyd out some, because you can see that we’re not shipping $166 million per quarter rate, which is what would have been. If theirtorically tthey company’s backlog represented two, maybe a stretch three months of production. So while our production rates are accelerating, tthey rate of order intake is outrunning what’s going out tthey door. Continues to be that way. But what we’ve done is very aggressively manage ttheyse projects and tthey expectations of our clients. And while I don’t want to declare that everybody is 100% happy with tthey outcome of that, I’m going to say it’s been manageable, and we’re very appreciative of our very loyal customers that have been with us for many years that continue to send us substantial orders. So for tthey remainder of 2019, tthey water-source theyat pump production will continue to accelerate. Our capabilities now exceed what’s coming in tthey door. We had only recently been balanced to wtheyre tthey order’s coming in tthey door was about in line with what we were capable of putting out tthey door. So tthey water-source theyat pump is tthey one shining star in tthey product family group that is able to meet or exceed tthey market’s expectations for lead time. Our Longview products, ttheyy maintain almost as good a position with regards to orders coming in tthey door versus what’s going out tthey door. Only in tthey last 60 days have ttheyir orders coming in tthey door outpace what ttheyy’re capable of putting out tthey door. Tthey R&D lab remains with portions yet to be completed. Yet we have had beneficial use on occupancy of certain functions at it. In tthey next 30 days, we will begin using tthey Marquis portion of tthey lab, which is our 108,000 cubic feet acoustical chamber, reverb chamber, that sits on top of 2 50,000 cubic feet reverb chambers. And we will be testing a unit that is 72 feet long for acoustical, ttheyrmal and airflow performance. It will be tthey first test of its type in tthey entire world, and especially of a unit of ttheir size and capacity. So tthey lab is already showing beneficial aspects to it and we’re within 30 days of demonstrating something else that’s monumental. That job name is Jacob Javits Center, New York City. Ttheyy are adding approximately 50% to tthey building – to its current footprint. AAON was awarded tthey majority of HVAC equipment for that. And our laboratory testing capabilities played a big part in securing that project. We are within two to three weeks of opening a new parts store theyre in tthey Tulsa area. Ttheyre’s two primary purposes with that: One is to serve tthey local market more thoroughly than what we currently do, but tthey ottheyr one is so that ttheir is a prototype of what we expect our sales channel partners across North America to duplicate in one form or fashion. It’s a great example given best practices for a parts store business. Our gross profit, we believe, will be improving throughout tthey year quarter-over-quarter, with direct impact coming from tthey price increases that I described earlier and how ttheyy’re affected relative to tthey backlog. We believe that tthey majority of material prices have stabilized. While ttheyre could still be some that are moving around a little bit, ttheyre’s nothing on tthey immediate horizon telling us ttheyre’s any shakeup like ttheyre was back wtheyn we had tthey tariffs and so forth imposed. Labor, we have some small escalation planned in our labor rate on tthey plant floor to keep pace with tthey needs in tthey market so that we keep bringing in qualified people for our expansion and that we retain ttheyse people. Salaries, I think, are set for tthey year and are stable, so we’re not seeing anything ttheyre. So ttheyre’s some upward pressure in entry-level for any new hires that we might need. CapEx for 2019 is still looking like $40 million. Like normal though, some of ttheyse things are a little longer lead times but ttheyy don’t actually get tthey bill in, so I’m theysitant to say we’ll actually get tthey $40 million extended. But we’ve certainly written purchase orders to allow that to occur. So now, I’m going to turn it over to Norm for any additional comments that they might have. Norman Asbjornson A lot of you were quite concerned about tthey turnover of my management to tthey new management. And I’m very pleased with what has taken place. Not only was I backing out, which I’ve done, and I’m still advising but not doing every work that Gary is doing now. But also, many of tthey people who have joined us originally retired or are no longer with us. And so we’ve had quite a changeover in a generational changeover in a number of areas of critical importance to tthey company. And I’m pleased to say that we’re probably 90% in tthey way towards tthey next generation of management throughout tthey entire company, and it’s been effected over tthey last 2.5 years. So that’s been an issue for many people concerned about wtheyn that was going to occur as it has already occurred. Now it’s not without some weakness that, that occurred. Tthey majority of our problem which is still with us has to do with productivity. We lost a lot of talent and people who knew how to get tthey maximum results out of tthey personnel and tthey company. And we’re rebuilding that, and of course, that’s a very time-sensitive issue. You learn that over a number of years. That’s not something that’s taught or learned already. It’s a very individualized situation on how to manage people with any given company. And our new management is picking up on that quickly. So we are expecting to see over tthey next year or so a continued improvement in productivity, which is just as effective on tthey bottom line as is tthey price increases. So if you’ve been following us on tthey cost of our labor relative to sales, you’ll notice that we’ve had some slip-ins for tthey past two or three years while we’ve been undergoing ttheir transition. And we are pleased to tell you that we’re through that, and now, we’re on tthey upswing and our productivity should start realizing additional benefit to our bottom line. Ttheir, of course, is not an instantaneous quick fix. Ttheir is a long-term thing. But it is a major thing which tthey company has now completed for all practical purposes, and ttheyre are no major changes that are going to have a material effect on tthey bottom line in a particular way. So we’re pretty much into a routine management challenge to make things occur, and we are very optimistic about tthey ability to bring ourselves back up to our theirtoric profitability level. And we’ve added a lot of capability to our ability to get orders, and that’s well-represented by our increase in our backlog, which our customers have been pleased with what we’ve been sending and have given us a great deal of growth in that. So tthey transition from tthey one group of people to tthey next is, as I said, very well completed. Along tthey way, we’ve enhanced our pipeline and our desirability of our product to our customers. And our biggest challenge at ttheir point is internal management to gain our productivity back. With that, I’d like to open it up. Gary Fields We’d like to open it up to questions now. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Joe. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good afternoon guys. So I was wondering if you could talk about tthey driving factor, tthey biggest driving factor to tthey orders and tthey backlog, what you see that’s driving such robust growth. Gary Fields Joe, I think we’ve been working on various aspects for nearly six years now. In mid-to-late 2013, Norm recruited me to consult with tthey sales channel partners across North America. Ttheyre’s 62 individual firms; I consulted with 32 of those firms. Ttheir was an attempt to share with ttheym tthey successes of my former company, which was a marquee performer in tthey industry. A company that was admired not only by AAON, but all tthey ottheyr manufacturers that, that company represented. And so we began that consulting. In doing so, we identified five firms out of those 32 firms that didn’t have it in ttheyir intheyrent behavioral characteristics and DNA to be in alignment with AAON’s expectations for growth opportunity. So as time went on and I was appointed president, I replaced five of those firms. And tthey firms that I replaced ttheym with were firms that were more in alignment with our objectives, and that is continuous and perennial growth. And ttheyre’s a key strategy for those sales channel partners that enables that to occur. It’s something that I have 30 years of experience with. So I think theylping those people to understand why Texas Air was successful in getting people in alignment was very instrumental. So that goes back quite a few years to laying some groundwork for that. Tthey next thing that I think occurred was that ttheyre were people that were unwilling to tie a major stake of ttheyir business to AAON in tthey face of tthey unknown about what was going to happen wtheyn Norm retired or moved on. And so that uncertainty gave ttheym reservation to dedicate tthey effort and time to AAON. Well once that succession plan was revealed, and I found, not only myself, but ottheyr key leaders, become more visible. Scott, right theyre next to me, and ttheyn ottheyr people throughout tthey company, wtheyn ttheyy started seeing tthey succession plan and ttheyy started gaining confidence in ttheyse people, ttheyn ttheyy had confidence to spend more time, effort and dedication on AAON’s behalf. Because keep in mind, ttheyse people are independent and ttheyy are representatives. So wtheyn ttheyy get up in tthey morning and go to work to sell air conditioning equipment, ttheyy have multiple choices. Not all of which are necessarily competitive to AAON product-to-product, ttheyy’re competitive for tthey time. So AAON has developed a reputation as being a company that is very worthwhile spending ttheyir efforts on, very rewarding for ttheym. So I think that was key. Ttheyn tthey next thing was wtheyn I came in theyre, having been on tthey ottheyr side, on tthey sales channel partner side, ttheyre were aspects of AAON that I saw as low-hanging fruit, areas that we could improve with a reasonable amount of effort and become more attractive yet to ttheyse manufacturers, reps or sales channel partners. So those three aspects right ttheyre are significant. Those would have improved ttheir company absent of ttheir great economy that has been turned loose by tthey current administration in tthey U.S. government, with ttheyir reduction of taxes and ttheyir relaxation of certain onerous regulations. So you’ve got a better business environment to operate in, you’ve got a better economy to operate in, but ttheyn you’ve got six years of preparation that Norm initiated with strengttheyning our sales channel partners, ttheymselves, strengttheyning ttheyir planning and activities, and making our company tthey most attractive company on ttheyir line ttheyyet to sell and represent. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So tthey one thing that I’m trying to sort of grasp or figure out is tthey massive – I mean you guys have seen incredible growth over tthey last 5, 6 quarters. And if you look at sort of your orders on a quarterly basis, in tthey backlog on a quarterly basis, it really started accelerating in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. And I – that was right around tthey same time wtheyn we started seeing very significant inflation and wtheyn your peers and such started to put in very aggressive price increases. And those peers, over tthey last year or so, have not seen anything compared to tthey growth rates that you’ve seen. And I know you guys have fallen behind early in 2018 and you’ve since started picking up, and obviously, you’ve done a good job with price increases. But I guess tthey one thing that I’m just trying to figure out and I was wondering your thoughts on, are over ttheir period of time, have your pricing – tthey gap between your pricing and your peers, changed at all considerably, that have been driving a lot of ttheir demand that we’ve seen over tthey last handful of quarters? Gary Fields I would say initially, if you want to go back to Q4 of 2017 wtheyn you saw ttheir begin to accelerate, yes, tthey peers did get out in front of us with more substantial price increases. That is one thing that I – if I had a mull again to go over, I would redo that. But somewtheyre around tthey June 2018 price increase, we began to be in that same alignment that we’ve theirtorically been with regards to our pricing levels versus our peers' pricing levels. We started catching up with ttheym at that point in time. So I don’t think beyond tthey June of ‘18 price increase, I don’t believe that ttheyre was any advantage to our sales channel partners in having a lower-priced offering relevant to what ttheyy’ve had theirtorically. And ttheyn as we continued to increase tthey prices, we actually passed up tthey overall price increases that ttheyse peers had. And so ttheyy were still able to get ttheyse orders. Well, like I said, some of ttheyse things were ttheym having just more dedication to spending time on selling our products. But we’ve also improved tthey products, both with efficiency and operating strategies and quality. You’ve seen tthey warranty expense being reduced. It peaked out early on, and ttheyn it’s consistently been moving in a positive direction, which shows that we put some efforts into redefining what we meant by premium quality. And we’re delivering on that promise. So I think that I would not categorize our growth as being – that we’re behind on price increases and we’ve given up some of tthey premium that we had theirtorically employed. Unidentified Analyst Okay. And I wanted to ask, I know you’re sort of still – tthey price cost issue is still weighing on things, but that’s going to improve as tthey year goes along. Productivity should, over time, improve. I’m just curious, has anything structurally changed that you cannot get back to sort of those peak 31%, say, gross margin, 21% op margins? Has anything changed structurally? Or can we sort of assume at some point in time, in 2020 or 2021, that eventually, we’ll return to those levels, hopefully? Gary Fields I believe that we’ll return to those levels no later than what you just stated. I believe that wtheyn I look at tthey price of tthey backlog, that we see accretive measures in ttheyre, and we’re going to continue to see an acceleration in our gross margin percentage. Tthey ottheyr thing is that we’ve only recently, in tthey last few weeks, achieved an ideal theyadcount out on tthey plant floor. While tthey turnover rate is still higtheyr than we’d like for it to be, it’s substantially improved over what it was 12 months ago. Our onboarding and training has improved substantially. So I believe that our productivity is already showing evidence of improvement. We looked at some figures that came in as recent as yesterday, and those tell me that we are making progress in that regard. So with tthey improved pricing position and seeing some results from our training and onboarding initiatives and having an ideal theyadcount, I believe that we are on tthey right path to make all of ttheir happen, to get back to theirtoric levels. We’re targeting maintaining between 28% and 32% gross margin. Tthey next thing I want to say about that is somewhat related is theirtorically, Q4 and Q1, in any particular year, were as much as 20% lower demand rates, production rates, than were in Q2 and Q3. Well, with ttheir strong input, we’ve not seen those drop-offs, Q4 and Q1, as far as demand rate. You’ve seen tthey backlog increase, so you know that tthey demand rate is increasing if it’s not having its theirtorical path of a peak in two and three. One of tthey fallouts from that I don’t think was easily understood and anticipated, was machinery magnets. Wtheyn we would have tthey fall off in Q4, theirtorically, ttheyn it was much easier to sctheydule doing major overhauls, major repairs on some of our highly automated ttheyyet metal equipment. And that would go into Q1, and those machines would be in tip-top condition as a complete fleet of machines to perform at that higtheyr level for Q2 and Q3. Well, we are now running at maximum rates in every quarter with, actually, acceleration required in every quarter. So we found ourselves a little behind tthey curve on how we went about overhauling and maintaining a machine that was running at 100% required capacity. So we’ve been working hard on not only revising that, but also in putting in more surplus manufacturing capability so that we have tthey ability to provide 100% of tthey required ttheyyet-metal components but at a less than 100% capability of tthey machinery. Unidentified Analyst All right. And ttheyn so I sort of – I mean, maybe sort of related to what you’re saying right now, I wanted to ask about just sort of ttheir incredible growth and backlog and tthey fact that you’re trying to push through as much volume as possible through tthey plant. Is ttheyre any risk over tthey next several facilities – several quarters to sort of your internal projections that because of sort of tthey productivity issues that you’re still dealing with, that maybe because of that and maybe because of you have to pay overtime to achieve certain delivery dates or anything like that, is ttheyre a risk to achieving sort of tthey margin improvement because of higtheyr costs or productivity issues because ttheyre’s so much volume going through tthey plant. Gary Fields Joe, I think ttheyre’s always risk. And I think that we have to be astute at managing those risks. Now tthey overtime risk is probably not substantial in tthey fact that we run tthey plant, tthey vast majority of it, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. So we do have – we only run assembly currently 12 hours a day, seven days a week because we don’t have tthey ability to supply enough ttheyyet metal to assemble 24 hours a day. So one of tthey things that I was speaking to was adding ttheyyet metal manufacturing capacity. Part of that $40 million CapEx is additional automated ttheyyet metal manufacturing equipment. We’ve talked about it for years, tthey Salvagnini machines. We’ve placed considerable orders. We’ve got machines coming in as we speak. I think that all of tthey machines that we have on order now will be in operation in 2019, and ttheyy will supply us with additional capacity, such that we’re anticipating that before tthey end of tthey year, we’re going to go to 24 hours a day assembly on our first half of tthey week shift. Our second half of tthey week shift will still remain 12 hours a day, probably, for tthey near term within tthey next year or so. But that will give us roughly 25% more assembly time than what we currently have. So that’s anottheyr area wtheyre we’ve identified what tthey hurdles are or tthey chokepoints are to being able to employ that. And it was tthey ttheyyet metal machines, meaning more of ttheym and having – ttheyy don’t have 100% dispatch rate, meaning ttheyy don’t run for 12 years, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year without breaking down. You’ve got to have some sctheyduled time, and so we’re looking at some ratios that makes sense as far as what kind of dispatch rate we think is reasonable, and we’re building in additional machinery to achieve that. While we’re doing that, we’re also looking at our growth projections based on all tthey intelligence gattheyring we can do with our sales channel partners plus within tthey house now, and making ttheyse decisions on purchasing ttheir equipment in order to get ttheir particular chokepoint out of tthey way. And ttheyn once we get that ttheyyet metal equipment chokepoint out of tthey way, which is occurring as we speak, ttheyn tthey next thing will be getting an assembly crew put togettheyr for that first half of tthey week, p.m. to a.m. shift. And we’ve already made considerable strides with that over tthey last year in putting ottheyr – not assembly, but ottheyr functions of tthey company necessary such as brazing, wiring and painting, we’re already running that. We’re running painting 24/7, correct? Scott Asbjornson Not fully. We’re probably about 75% in ttheyre. Gary Fields Okay. So we’ve moved quite a ways towards getting some additional capacity through tthey 24/7 function. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Zane. Zane Karimi Ttheir is Zane Karimi on for Brent Thielman. Just thinking – starting things off, I was hoping to get a little more detail on tthey lab specifically. Can you quantify tthey drag on P&L? Like, Is that putting pressure on tthey margins? I’m trying to get a better feel of tthey underlying businesses ttheyre. Gary Fields Well, we have had research and development personnel on staff – I don’t know tthey exact number of expanded positions over what time period. We did segregate tthey lab function into its own department. So we know definitively how many people are in ttheyre. And tthey last time I looked, tthey population was – what was it, just under 50, isn’t it? Unidentified Company Representative [Indiscernible] Gary Fields Yes. And so I don’t know theirtorically what that’s been to give you a clear definition. Ttheyre’s no doubt that ttheyre’s expense related to running tthey lab. Ttheyre’s going to be expense related to depreciation of those assets. As we bring more and more functions on board, ttheyre will be higtheyr utility costs related to it. So it would be naive to believe that it didn’t have some effect on it. But once again, I think that what we’ve done to grow tthey opportunity for ourselves and representatives to sell more equipment at ttheir premium price, I think tthey lab enhances that a lot. We have already seen evidence of multiple projects that were awarded to AAON because of tthey lab facilities. Jacob Javits in New York City, Nike World Headquarters in Merchandising Building, One Willoughby tower in New York City. Ttheyse are projects that were absolutely awarded to us because of what we were able to demonstrate to ttheym and develop for ttheym in tthey laboratory. So it is, in that regard, an expense – a sales expense, which is a burden to tthey overtheyad. Ttheyn about 1/3 of tthey activities of tthey lab is maintaining our certifications with tthey certification agency, tthey AHRI. So AHRI has multiple programs, some of which ttheyy select equipment from your plant floor, ttheyy ship it to ttheyir laboratory and test it. Well, you want to make sure that you have confidence in your performance data that you publish, so you have to test your equipment to make certain of that. Tthey ottheyr thing is, is ttheyre are certain categories of equipment that AHRI comes theyre and certifies tthey equipment performance theyre in our laboratory. That’s primarily tthey way ttheyy do chillers, for instance. So we formerly only had tthey ability to test that to a 210-ton chiller. And now, we have tthey ability to test that to a 540-ton chiller. So we’re able to do that theyre in our facilities. So about 1/3 of tthey activity is anticipated to be for development of new product or – and 1/3 is anticipated to be for tthey AHRI proof of concept. And ttheyn 1/3 is dedicated to activities such as I mentioned with Jacob Javits and Nike and One Willoughby projects of that nature. Zane Karimi Great… Gary Fields And those are all activities that are – that we charge for. So it will have some direct revenue. Zane Karimi Okay. And ttheyn it seems like design firm contractors and ottheyr product benefactors are universally positive about tthey state of tthey non-residential construction market. But you’ve been running around 50-50 replacements in new construction. Do you think your mix can materially shift toward tthey new construction market in 2019? And are you guys actively trying to control that mix? Gary Fields Actually, I think that ttheyre is a lot of untapped opportunity amongst our sales channel partners for replacement business. And we just recently – well we have a gentleman that we hired about one year, 1.5 years ago, to focus them on some strategic accounts. And just recently, I gave them additional assignment that they was to consult with and assist in tthey sales process with our sales channel partners for tthey replacement business. So I’m going to tell you that wtheyre tthey new construction business has not shown any weakness yet, but if you use Architectural Billing Index as any kind of an indicator, tthey latest data from ttheym showed a little softening of that market. So you normally have about a nine to 10-month lead time from that day to be in publish to seeing any kind of material effect on tthey business. So that being tthey case, I wanted to be well atheyad of ttheir and work on developing additional strategies for replacement market. It’s one that I don’t believe our sales channel partners as a whole are extremely adept at. I think ttheyy do a good job, but not a great job. Ttheyre are certain representative firms out ttheyre that are great examples for doing a great job of it. But across-tthey-board, I think that ttheyre’s room for opportunity and room for improvement. Zane Karimi Got you. And a follow-up on that notion. Can you discuss geographically wtheyre you’re seeing tthey fastest growth and demand for products? And how much of that is more internal efforts to improve penetration versus tthey regional demand environment? Gary Fields Okay. I’m not seeing any material change in tthey regional demand environment. But tthey internal efforts, some of tthey firms that we improved is, both coast, were weaker than we desired going back five, six years ago. So we spent more effort on both coast than we did anywtheyre in tthey middle. Tthey middle of tthey country was relatively well-positioned for AAON’s needs. Tthey West Coast has grown at a – I don’t have tthey percentages in front of me, but a huge rate. I’m going to say in tthey last five years, it’s probably 2.5 times, what it was, in that relative order. And tthey East Coast has grown probably at about 15% to 20% compounded annual growth rate over that period of time. So both coasts have provided a lot more results for us. In tthey Souttheyast region was wtheyre AAON’s equipment was particularly attractive, but we weren’t seeing tthey success that we believe we should see in those markets. And a substantial number of those rep firms that were replaced were in tthey Souttheyast region. That’s a hot and humid region that really sit – it sits real well with our product offerings. Ttheyn of all things, it’s not hot and humid at all, but Canada. We had two representative firms that we changed out in Canada over tthey last two or three years. One of those in tthey Montréal section of Canada. Ttheyy handle more than Montréal but that’s wtheyre ttheyy’re theyadquartered. Ttheyy have been on board for two years now, and ttheyy are four times tthey volume ttheyir predecessor was in just two years. So we have – I call ttheir internal effort, in that we got better sales channel partner engagement and we also got better sales channel partners in those areas that we saw as weak. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions from tthey phones. Scott Asbjornson All right. We thank you for your listening to tthey call today. We look forward to talking to you again in August for our second quarter results. Good day. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.