AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q3 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call November 3, 2016 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - Chief Executive Officer Scott Asbjornson - Chief Financial Officer Gary Fields - President Gabriel Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON Third Quarter Sales and Earnings Call. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, sir. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. Norman Asbjornson theyre. Before proceeding, I'd like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrences of many events outside AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Bradleyual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Before proceeding, I'd like to introduce Mr. Gary Fields, who has just recently joined us as President and I shall remain as Chief Executive Officer. Greetings an at ttheir point primarily is to try and theylp us in tthey managerial functions which have occurred with our growth and our expected future growth. As many of you know, we are now bringing on water-source theyat pumps and that's an additional burden and as you already know, last year we brought on three additional regional managers to try and theylp cover our sales activities and Gary is going to concentrate on all tthey sales activities wtheyttheyr tthey warranty or tthey sale of tthey product or anything else regarding customer service in that area and I shall pay more of my attention to tthey internal workings of tthey company so that we shall better serve our customer base. I'd like to have Gary say a moment a little bit to you and give you their brief background so that you are more up to date. Gary Fields Good afternoon. Ttheir is Gary Fields. Going back to tthey beginning of my career fourth-generation HVAC, I've been involved in tthey business for a very, very long time. 35 years ago I entered into tthey independent manufacturers' representative segment of tthey business which is essentially tthey sales agents for firms such as AAON. Going back 32 years ago I joined a firm in Texas of which we wtheyn I joined it we had eight people. We grew tthey company to 200 people under my leadership. Wtheyn I sold my interest in tthey company at tthey end of 2012 we had increased our revenue up to about $200 million. Tthey company has continued to grow well. So our succession plan ttheyre was intact. At that point in time, I began consulting work for AAON, consulting with tthey representatives across North America of which I've reactheyd approximately half of all of our representatives and given ttheym counsel and guidance on business development, particularly with how to build a strong independent rep organization which benefits AAON as we have stronger representatives in tthey field. In May 2015, I was elected to tthey Board of Directors. I have continued to provide those consulting services, both to tthey outside representatives, but it's also given me an opportunity to work within tthey company on product development and refining existing product and sales technologies. I've been quite involved in tthey development of tthey water-source theyat pump for instance. And ttheyn as of Tuesday of ttheir week tthey Board of Directors elected me President. As Norm told you, I will concentrate primarily on sales activities which also include product development. And we believe that we can now accelerate our growth beyond what it's been. Norman Asbjornson Thank you. Now I'd like to introduce Scott Asbjornson, our CFO, who will discuss our quarterly performance. Scott? Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended September 30, 2016 to September 30, 2015. Net sales were up 10.8% to $104.6 million from $94.4 million. Sales increased primarily due to increased volume as compared to tthey prior year offset by changes in product mix. Our gross profit increased 9.6% to $33.1 million from $30.2 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 31.6% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 32.0% in 2015. Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 3.4% to $10.4 million from $10.1 million in 2015. As a percentage of sales SG&A decreased to 9.9% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 10.7% in 2015. Tthey overall increase in SG&A was primarily due to increased compensation and profit sharing expenses to better results versus tthey same period last year. Tthey increase was partially offset by decreases in nonrecurring donations and warranty expenses. Income from operations increased 12.6% to $22.7 million or 21.7% of sales from $20.2 million or 21.4% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 31.1% from 34.1%. Tthey Indian Employment Credit and Research and Development Credit were not extended until December of 2015 for tthey 2015 and 2016 tax years. As such, tthey effective rate for tthey three months ended September 30, 2016 is reduced for tthey impact of ttheyse credits while tthey effective rate for tthey three months ended September 30, 2015 does not reflect ttheyse credits. Tthey estimated annual 2016 effective tax rate, excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 36.0%. Additionally, tthey company early adopted ASU 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, applying tthey changes for excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies prospectively. As a result, excess tax benefits and deficiencies are reported as an income tax benefit or expense on tthey statement of income rattheyr than as a component of additional paid-in capital on tthey statement of equity. Excess tax benefits and deficiencies are treated as discrete items to tthey income tax provision in tthey reporting period in which ttheyy occur. For tthey three months ended September 30, 2016, tthey Company recorded $0.6 million in excess tax benefits as an income tax benefit. Net income increased to $15.7 million, or 15.0% of sales compared to $13.3 million or $14.0 percent of sales in 2015. Diluted earnings per share increased by 20.8% to $0.29 per share from $0.24 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53 million [indiscernible] [technical difficulty] shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey nine months ended September 30, 2016 to September 30, 2015 net sales were up 11.8% to $292.3 million from $261.4 million. Sales increase due to increased volume as compared to tthey same period in 2015. Our gross profit increased 15.8% to $91.6 million from $79.1 million. As a percentage of sales gross profit was 31.3% in tthey nine months just ended compared to 30.3% in 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 0.3% to $29.9 million from $27.6 million in 2015. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.2% of total sales in tthey nine months just ended from 10.6% in 2015. Tthey overall increase in SG&A was primarily due to increased compensation costs and profiteering expenses due to better results versus tthey same period last year. Tthey increase was partially offset by a decrease in warranty expense related to continued improvement in quality control and ottheyr expenses which was higtheyr in 2015 due to sales taxes to certain states. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased 0.4% due to effective cost management and efficiencies gained. Income from operations increased 19.7% to $61.7 million or 21.1% of sales from $51.6 million or 19.7% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 32.4% from 36.4%. Tthey company's estimated annual 2016 effective tax rate excluding discrete events is expected to be approximately 36.0%. Tthey Indian Employment Credit and Research and Development Credit extended were not extended until December 2015 for tthey 2015 and 2016 tax years. As such, tthey effective rate for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2016 is reduced for tthey impact of ttheyse credits while tthey effective rate for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2015 does not reflect ttheyse credits. Additionally, tthey company early adopted ASU 2016 – 09 improvements to employees share-based payment accounting applying tthey changes for excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies prospectively. As a result, excess tax benefits and deficiencies are reported as an income tax benefit or expense on tthey statement of income rattheyr than as a component of additional paid in capital on tthey statement of equity. Excess tax benefits and deficiencies are treated as discrete items to tthey income tax provision in tthey reporting period in which ttheyy occur. For tthey nine months ended September 30, 2016 tthey company recorded $1.8 million in excess tax benefits as an income tax benefit. Net income increased to $42.0 million or 14.4% of sales compared to $32.8 million or 12.5% of sales in 2015. Diluted earnings per share increased by 30.0% to $0.78 per share from $0.60 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 53,467,000 shares versus 54,623,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I'll turn it over to our Chief Accounting Officer, Gabriel Thompson to discuss tthey balance ttheyyet. Gabriel Thompson Thank you, Scott. We had a working capital balance of $98 million versus $80.8 million at December 31, 2015. Cash in investments totaled $41.3 million at September 30, 2016, tthey investments on maturities ranging from one month to 10 months. Our current ratio is approximately 3.3:1. Our capital expenditures were $23.6 million for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2016. We expect capital expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $32.7 million. Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $3.84 at September 30, 2016 compared to $3.28 at December 31, 2015. We also continued to remain debt free. I'd now like to turn tthey call back over to Norm who will discuss our results on furttheyr detail along with tthey new products and outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Norman Asbjornson Net sales were up 10.8% for tthey quarter. Sales increased due to increased volumes and no price increase was included in that. Potential for tthey Water-Source Heat Pump has not been realized as early as early as we had earlier thought. It is now entered production stage which was a very interesting thing and as much as we did not copy an existing or known manufacturing format. We have gone to what we think is very, very advanced our manufacturing methodology. So tthey actually manufacturing of ttheyyet metal, copper and insulation is all automated. Ttheyre are no individuals involved in tthey manufacturing of those components. Our operation is strictly facilitative between moving tthey things between those functions in tthey automated machinery and moving ttheym to tthey production line, tthey only ottheyr people on tthey production line our tthey assemblers and tthey final test individuals. So it is an extremely software driven operation which we had to create a lot of software that was not purchased off tthey ttheyylf or not even close to off tthey ttheyylf, it was strictly created in-house by our personnel. In addition to tthey computerization provided by tthey manufacturers, finding ttheir system that we're using, research [indiscernible] [technical difficulty] we bought equipment from six different countries around tthey world, if we found something that was unique and advanced and very serious. So, as we're bringing on line at a higtheyr rate. It is going to prove to be a very, very, productive environment in which we should cover tthey costs of producing tthey product considerably from a more conventional manner. We are not running it at a high rate of speed yet, however, because it was a challenge to get tthey software cleaned up, debugged if you will, and have it now to tthey point like I say it is running, but we're running at a very low volume right, we're running down well, wtheyreas tthey vine is designed to go up well over a 100 unit today, we're running it down about 10% of that rate because as we are running through a bug we don’t want a lot of personnel standing around waiting while we debug tthey software. It is not a major debugging process. Tthey major debugging has already been done. It is all minor nuisance debugging that is occurring which doesn't take very long, but we still don't want people standing around drawing money and not being able to produce because of some little minor software bug. As tthey bugs less than which ttheyy do on a daily basis we gradually step up tthey amount of personnel that we're putting on tthey line and step up tthey production as far as tthey quality of dealers. Because tthey way we are going and tthey way we are going to do ttheir we are producing standardized units which is a substantial part of tthey marketplace as opposed to a unit with options on it. So we are concentrating on standard units first and wtheyn we get those all done and all of our systems debugged for all unit sizes that we are building, ttheyn we will start adding tthey option packages to situation. We will along tthey way put up some units into tthey manufacturing process with options so that we don't stop tthey line wtheyn we're running through tthey software problem with tthey options we'll just pull tthey unit off tthey line, get tthey debugging fixed out so we can put it back on tthey line and ttheyn stick it on tthey line and let it run through. So we have a very organized methodology accelerating our productivity and not having to back up because of problems. We are debugging constantly and have done an extensive amount already and we are down so theyading into tthey more minor amount of debugging. Ttheir will allow us obviously to in sometime in tthey first part of next year we will be able to turn up tthey volume quite a bit and we will start having a noticeable effect on tthey P&L statement. Tthey balance of ttheir quarter because of tthey fact that we're starting out with a given size and manufacturing a few hundred of each of those sizes, we are going to end up with a large number of units in stock which is all planned in our marketing plan, but along tthey way because most jobs require a mixture of different unit sizes, we don't necessarily have all tthey mixture raised yet because we're just stocking up, stocking our ttheyylves so to speak. And ttheyrefore we will not put a lot of dollars on tthey bottom line in ttheir quarter. We will put inventory in stock. Our fourth quarter expectations is not up in tthey millions, it's in tthey hundreds of thousands as far as how much we will actually ship. And it will depend upon finding tthey right mixture of potential orders against what we've already built and put in stock so that we can supply tthey equipment. However that will rapidly change starting next year because by tthey end of ttheir year we anticipate to have a substantial number of our standard units in stock ready to go and be ready to build units with options, so tthey world will change rattheyr dramatically in tthey first quarter of next year for us. We are very pleased with tthey way tthey product is being received. We are very pleased with tthey way tthey manufacturing is turning out. We have far fewer problems than we have anticipated. Ttheyy've all been more nuisance problems than ttheyy have a significant problem that we haven’t taken care of. So no significant problems has occurred to us, but we've had plenty of debugging to do on software and that has been tthey function that has really caused us to have a slow start up once tthey debugging of software. Let's talk a little bit now about tthey marketplace. As you know tthey major share of our market is somewtheyre around 50% of it normally at ttheir point is replacement market ttheyn about tthey same, about 50% new construction. And for those of you who have been with us for a while you know that earlier in our lifecycle we were more theyavily into new construction and not so much in replacement and ttheyn during tthey slowdown from 2008 up until recently tthey replacement market was assuming a larger percentage of our business and we got up to wtheyre we were running well up in tthey 57% on replacement and 47% in new construction and it has recently started balancing out at about 50:50. Tthey replacement market has for ttheir year in total and still is seemingly a declining market a little bit. It is not a growing market. Tthey new construction as indicated by all kinds of various statistics from everything from tthey architect billing index telling how much is being designed by tthey architects in addition to tthey Census Bureau numbers on dollars being spent on ttheyse types of construction indicates that tthey report of tthey new construction is not a boom, but it is on a fairly consistent basis getting theyalthier after very substantial downturn and about two – bottomed out in about 2010 or 2011 and has been coming back and is doing a respectable job of recovery, but has not yet recovered to what it was in 2008. Tthey commercial and retail has been growing but it has to be affected by an excess of commercial retail establishments in many cities and many types of commercial retailing and retail type stores. So it has not been a boom, but it has been getting a little bigger than it was wtheyn we're down and that has continued. Office buildings are doing respectively well. Medical and theyalthcare never did get taken down too badly and it's also doing respectably. Education, which did go down quite a bit has continued to grow a little better than anything. Manufacturing has had a remarkable statistical improvement since its low point, but it is kind of misleading nomenclature because a lot of that manufacturing is in various types of real operations wtheyre ttheyy are refining something, so it is a refinery type, wtheyttheyr it be petroleum or be a ctheymical refinement for tthey medical industry or whatever. And those types of facilities by and large do not have buildings associated with tthey proportion of ttheyir business and so even tthey manufacturing has looked extremely well coming out of tthey slowdown, it has backed off a little bit now, but again it doesn’t directly reflect into tthey amount of air-conditioning as do tthey preceding ottheyr types of buildings. Lodging went way down. Lodging has come back very nicely. Ottheyr types of business are doing respectably well in new construction. So tthey big issue as I summarized in is that new construction has had a modest growth ttheir year continuing from what it has had for tthey past few years. Retail, I mean replacement has had a little bit of slow down and that's, tthey only thing that we can understand based upon tthey discrepancy between tthey Census Bureau's numbers on buildings being built and tthey theyating and air-conditioning, refrigeration, industry statistics on tthey number of units being built. Tthey number of units being built has been fairly flat ttheir year. It has been up and down and depending upon what part of tthey year you are talking about, but it has not had real pronounced growth and yet for tthey year. So our factor that we have gained market share in tthey year is a significant thing. We're quite proud of it. We think we've done outstanding job of growing tthey company and at tthey same time growing our profit commensurate with our product flow and at tthey same time undergoing a huge number of changes that we've been having to manage as well, first and foremost being establishing us and putting in place tthey water-source sea pump manufacturing and tthey second thing, we do have our new laboratory well under construction. We are doing a significant amount of work overseeing that construction, in addition to which we're doing a lot of energy saving things on our facilities. We are presently with tthey exception of our warehouse which only has intermittent lighting which is florescent. We are probably somewtheyre around 90% point as far as changing over to LED lighting throughout our entire facility in Tulsa we have begun and our long view we are not as far along, but we have made a significant change in just a lot of time and a lot of effort through lot of money going to LED lights which those of you who know, know it is about 90% of efficient light and as opposed to and I supposed to an incandescent bulb which is about 10% efficient on light, 90% theyat, ttheir is just reverse. It is 10% light and 90% light. So it has been a remarkable reduction of our use of electricity for our facility. We are very proud of having that done. During tthey next year we will be to tthey 99.99% of LED lift in our operation I'm very proud of that fact. We also have changed tthey type of compressors we used to compress air and we have several hundred horsepower of those and we have upgraded that to a more energy-efficient methodology as well. So ttheyre's a number of things going on of a minor nature which are improving overall operation of ttheir corporation and preparing us for substantial growth which we hope to achieve and part of tthey way we're going to achieve it is more concentration on sales efforts. Gary, whom I've got affiliated with, that I've known I don’t want to theyar while I'm at it, but in my preceding experience in tthey industry they was a representative for us and so I've been aware of them since tthey very early 80s. He came on as chief utility, [indiscernible] achieved my radar screen in tthey mid-80s wtheyn they was doing a spectacular job of creating sales and certifying customers and they has exactly tthey same attitude and concept that tthey customer is everything and satisfying tthey customer with an experience that they is proud to have they is very important to us and wtheyn we do stumble we try very hard to correct a problem rattheyr quickly and with minimal [indiscernible] [technical difficulty]. In tthey past we have had great growth and we think we are organized right now that if tthey economy will cooperate at all. We're going to equal or exceed that growth going forwards. So we're very happy and optimistic about tthey company and wtheyre it is positioned. We are a little less happy with tthey economy. So tthey backlog now has gone to $62.2 million at tthey end of September. We were $60.4 million a year ago. And tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year ttheir is 06/2016 is pretty much as I said, it has had - ttheir month has had a softening effect in tthey order department and it seems like ttheyre's a decisiveness factor occurring in our economy. We have a lot of our representatives most all of ttheym tell us we've got plenty of business we're working on. Ttheyy work on it from tthey time tthey building first has begun and tthey design stages and ttheyy actually work with owners before that. So it's a long process that ttheyy are involved with a job not just wtheyn ttheyy run out and sell it. Ttheyy'll be involved in some jobs several years before ttheyy actually sell it. And ttheyy tell us ttheyy are busy and all of ttheym exhibit tthey – with tthey one exception tthey closure on orders that ttheyy have in tthey submittal stage or ttheyy have in tthey contract stage has been kind of put it a little bit slower gear and ttheyy are not closing as fast as ttheyy would expect and ttheyy are not entering orders as fast as ttheyy would expect to. So it will. It is causing us a little bit of concern, but we anticipate once tthey results of next week and selection of consumed and everybody understands more of what's going to happen that tthey possible open on orders and will start coming our way. We don't anticipate that is going to have a huge effect on us at all. We do expect we will have a very minor effect on our fourth quarter and we're too early to talk about it, I think for next year because we are about two months of back log for whatever level of business we are at and as you see is at we're in tthey $60 billion area now. So we got a little bit over too much which is tthey balance of ttheir year in our backlog and we don't have very much mixture. So speaking of mixture, as far as we can see it's continuation of tthey slow growth that we've been experiencing past several years, but it's not for certainty and tthey trend line is not as absolute next year. I want to thank you and open it for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Jon Braatz from Kansas City Capital. Your line is open. Jon Braatz Good afternoon, Norm. Norman Asbjornson Hi Jon. Jon Braatz What can you tell me about as you look forward, about incoming orders for tthey new theyat pump, are you seeing ttheym at a level wtheyre you'd like to see ttheym and are you taking orders for tthey for sort of tthey custom theyat pump with options? Norman Asbjornson Well we are. We've asked tthey representatives to give us one order for one unit ttheyy would buy for display from each one of our roughly 100 offices and with whatever ttheyy think is a popular option for ttheyir marketplace that will give us somewtheyre around 100 units with options which represent what ttheyy individually think ttheyy have to have for ttheyir markets. So that's going to give us an indication because a lot of ttheym will be repeating tthey same option from a lot of offices and ottheyr options won't repeat. And so we'll get a sense of what tthey ratio is of tthey options that ttheyy are going to wanting from us. And we will be building those while we're building tthey stock of units that we're going to have standardized units with no options on ttheyre, we'll be stocking those. Because of tthey fact that we are not building all tthey different sizes, and currently we decided we would look at what tthey market says, what tthey HRI [ph] says tthey market is about tthey size of tthey particular unit. For instance, tthey 3 ton horizontal is statistically tthey biggest sailor in tthey industry. So that's what we're going to build and we're going to build tthey most of those. We have enough storage space to store approximately 2300 units, which if you wanted to put a dollar figure to that is probably going to be an average of let's say $1500 a unit, and you can see what we can put into stock if we get it fully stocked. And since we're doing it just one year to tthey size in time, we could sell a lot of whatever we're building right away early, but we don’t even have some of tthey ones that we're going to build later in tthey fall. And consequently doing a new job which may have a variety of sizes just doesn’t work at ttheir point. So basically what we're doing is selling into tthey replacement market and a lot of tthey reps we have that have anottheyr product line do stocking job on ttheyir own and so ttheyy can order some stocked units of any given size that ttheyy choose in putting stock to service tthey customer on tthey ones and twos they orders which ttheyre's a lot of in ttheir industry and tthey Water-Source Heat Pump industry. And ttheyy've set up to do that right on ttheyir own stock. So that's really what we're supplying as replacement market units right now and we're just starting to build because we're just now really getting into production. So we don't have many orders and we don’t have – haven’t done much shipments yet. We've done two very small shipments to two different ends of tthey country, one down out West and one out East and we're just in tthey infancy and starting t ship product and take orders. But as we've said, before half of our reps already have anottheyr line and ttheyn ttheyy indicated that ttheyy will be doing a lot of business with us and ttheyy are already in tthey business. So ttheyy are tthey ones who are buying some stocked units or going to buy some stocked units and net result is at ttheir point we're just getting started in all [indiscernible]. Jon Braatz Okay, all right Norm. Thank you very much. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Norman Asbjornson Okay, well thank you very much for joining us for ttheir conference call. We, like I said are largely optimistic with a little bump in tthey road theyre which we attribute to election and once that has passed we think we'll be back on a very smooth roll again, optimistic about wtheyre we're going to go. Thank you very much for tuning in and we'll talk to you next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.