AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2015 4:15 PM ET Executives Norman Asbjornson - Chief Executive Officer Scott Asbjornson - Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer Ryan Thompson - Chief Accounting Officer Analysts Brent Thielman - D. A. Davidson & Co. Joe Mondillo - Sidoti & Company DeForest Hinman - Walthausen and Company Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to tthey AAON Incorporated Third Quarter Sales and Earnings Review. Ttheyre will be a question-and-answer period after management’s brief presentation. Ttheir call will last approximately 45 minutes. I would now like to turn tthey meeting over to Mr. Asbjornson. Please go atheyad, Mr. Asbjornson. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. Prior to commencing, I would like to read a forward-looking disclaimer. To tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical, including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON’s control that could cause AAON’s results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Noahual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. I’d like now to introduce our CFO, Scott Asbjornson. Scott Asbjornson Welcome to our conference call. I’d like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2014. Net sales were down 8.3% to $94.4 million from $102.9 million. Sales decreased primarily due to shifts in our product mix. Tthey company sold more of its condensing units, which are part of our split system products and less of our rooftop units. Our gross profit decreased 9.5% to $30.2 million from $33.4 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 32% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 32.4% in 2014. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 27.2% to $10.1 million from $13.8 million in 2014. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.7% of total sales in tthey quarter just ended from 13.4% in 2014. Tthey decrease is primarily due to tthey gattheyring place charitable contribution tthey company made in 2014, along with a decrease in warranty expense in salaries and benefits. Income from operations increased 3.3% to $20.2 million, or 21.4% of sales from $19.5 million, or 19% of sales. Our effective tax rate decreased to 34.1% from 36.3%. Tthey company’s income tax expense for three months ended September 30, 2015 is lower than expected, due to returns of provision adjustments. Net income increased to $13.3 million, or 14% of sales compared to $11.4 million, or 12.1% of sales in 2014. Diluted earnings per share increased by 9.1% to $0.24 per share from $0.22 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 54,580,000 shares versus 55,484,000 shares in tthey same quarter a year ago. Tthey results of tthey nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to September 30, 2014, net sales were down 3.8% to $261.4 million from $271.6 million. Tthey decrease in net sales was a result of an increase in tthey number of units sold, offset by a decrease in tthey average price per unit as compared to 2014. Our gross profit decreased 4.8% to $79.1 million from $83.1 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 30.3% in tthey nine months just ended compared to 30.6% in 2014. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 13.9% to $27.6 million from $32 million in 2014. As a percentage of sales, SG&A decreased to 10.6% of total sales in tthey nine months just ended from a 11.8% in 2014. Tthey decrease was primarily due to tthey charitable donations tthey company made in 2014, along with a decrease in warranty expense in salaries and benefits, offset by an increase in sales taxes to certain states. Income from operations increased 1% to $51.6 million, or 19.7% of sales from $51.1 million, or 18.8% of sales. Our effective tax rate increased to 36.4% from 34.3%. Tthey company’s income tax expense for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2014 was decreased by $0.7 million, due to a change in method of accounting for state investment credits to recognize ttheym as each annual portion of tthey credit becomes available for use on tax returns. Net income decreased 2.5% to $32.8 million, or 12.5% of sales as compared to $33.6 million, or 12.4% of sales in 2014. Diluted earnings per share decreased by 1.6% to $0.60 per share from $0.61 per share. Diluted earnings per share were based on 54,623,000 shares versus 55,423,000 shares in tthey same period a year ago. At ttheir time, I’ll turn it over to our Chief Accounting Officer, Ryan Thompson to discuss tthey balance ttheyyet. Ryan Thompson If you look at tthey balance ttheyyet, you’ll see that we had a working capital balance of $102.7 million versus $88.4 million at December 31, 2014. Cash and investments totaled $62.1 million at September 30, 2015, tthey investments on maturity ranging from one month to 18 months. Our current ratio is approximately 3.4 to 1. Our capital expenditures were $12.8 million. We expect expenditures for tthey year to be approximately $22 million. Shareholders’ equity per diluted share is $3.63 at September 30, 2015 compared to $3.14 at December 31, 2014. We also continue to remain debt free. I’d now like to turn tthey call back over to Norm, who will discuss our results in furttheyr detail along with tthey new products and tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Norman Asbjornson Net sales were down 3.8% for tthey year. Sales decreased despite increased unit sales. Sales were not in line with regard to expectations, due to a few fundamental things, such as weattheyr delays, tthey drastic drop in tthey price of oil, and delayed capital expenditures connected with both of tthey above, as well as ottheyr reasons. New rep firms and changes in rep firms what occurs in that occasion is wtheyn you terminate someone, ttheyy’re doing something for you, which wtheyn you replace ttheym even with an improved person or company, you don’t immediately pickup all tthey work that ttheyy were doing. And ttheyrefore, ttheyre’s a downswing in tthey amount of orders that you’ll see from a given geographical portion of tthey country. We did quite a bit of that ttheir past year with several states in total being changed out. In addition to which we started introducing new products in tthey second-half of 2015. And so what is occurring in areas of delayed reaction, as you can see part of that by looking at our amount of backlog that we have right now compared to 2014. We have an additional amount of backlog, which a shift would have changed a lot of tthey previous discussion in ttheir balance ttheyyet and in ttheir income statement. Let’s talk about what tthey tone of tthey business is in tthey various segments now. Replacement market versus new construction, ttheir is a very fundamental one that needs to be understood. We use different benchmarks to determine how tthey market is doing. On replacement market, ttheyre is no such set of tthey information available of which we are aware. So we have to get ttheyre by round in our method. New construction is reported by tthey census built for every type of building. It’s usually delayed right now than most recent month we have tthey information on is August. Looking at August on new construction and looking at tthey various types of buildings, which I’ll be discussing in a moment, you’ll find we had over 19% increase in tthey dollars spent on those particular – on tthey particular type both buildings that were discussed. So you would expect that to be corresponding to what our sales increase was. However, if you go over to tthey industry reporting statistics on equipment and see what AHRI, which is our industry reporting that we all use, and we report in ttheyre, and ttheyy compile all tthey reports from all tthey manufacturers and tell you what has happened on equipment. Equipment has been pretty flat. In ottheyr words no increase and no decrease in some by very much. It might be slight, but you would have to do a very extensive analysis for tthey various tonnages to be able to determine how much actual tonnage changed. Tthey net result are fairy flat, some were up, some were down. So why it wasn’t a 19% ttheyre? Tthey only logical conclusion one can raise is that approximately half of tthey marketplace consist of replacement market. So tthey new construction volume was up definitely, tthey replacement market had to gone down already what has shown up on tthey equipment, which was sold, that did not occur. So tthey replacement market pretty much offset new construction. Now, let’s go down through tthey new construction and talk about what we see in ttheir new construction market. As I said, we can go to tthey Census Bureau’s numbers, and we can go down through it. Commercial and retail is up according to ttheir 1.3%. Office building according to tthey districts was up 25.4%. Medical and theyalthcare was up 9.1%, tthey education was up 5%, manufacturing was up huge 57.6%. And that raises a real question in my mind, wtheyre did that come from and who got that? Ttheyrefore, I did some investigation into it to try and find out why we weren’t seeing some of ttheir November’s increase in manufacturing and concluded after looking at and seeing what was going on that a lot of it was connected to things like laboratories and refineries or something that was not or good manufacturing something, which was not connected to air conditioning, in ottheyr words, it was a process business that grew so much and lot of process businesses. And ttheyn if we look down at lodging, again, lodging was up a huge amount 41.4%. However, lodging is a small part of our business, because we do not have any product for tthey rooms. Tthey only part of tthey lodging market that we can supply to is tthey common areas, which is not very large percentage of tthey lodging market. So tthey two ones that went up, tthey big numbers had unusual circumstances why we would not have gotten orders from ttheym. Next area is just a general municipalities and ottheyrs and all things such as that, which constituted tthey balance of that 19% up on tthey thing. So ttheyn looking back at tthey backlog, as I said, if we had forward ttheir in, we would have had a little bit different story to tell. On September 30, 2015, we ended with $60.4 million versus $54.8 million a year ago. So we have roughly almost tthey $6 million differential ttheyre. Now what else happened that came into that? Well, a point that enters into what tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year is, one of tthey reasons that we have that much backlog as compared to a year ago, which tthey backlog didn’t really start claiming until tthey last couple of tthey months of tthey quarter. And really it was more strongly into tthey last month of tthey quarter, while that did not have tthey need to be shifted, people ordering ttheyy didn’t want tthey equipment first of all. Secondly, we couldn’t build it that fast. So, ttheyrefore, tthey backlog fine, which tells you that that month was substantially better than we’ve been experiencing early on tthey year. Now sometimes you can have some abnormalities, which caused that and – tthey superiors again as we all know. It does not appear that it was totally abnormal. So now am I going to see a big upswing in new construction? No, I don’t think that’s what I’m going to see. What I think I’m seeing is tthey fact that earlier ttheir year, we went from three regional managers – tthey four regional managers to seven regional managers. And it took a while before tthey results of that change before ttheyy actually affected tthey marketplace. We also as I spoke earlier changed out representation in several states. Those new representatives are starting to produce orders. And a couple of two togettheyr of giving more attention to all of our representatives, because now we have seven regional managers serving ttheym as opposed to four previously. And you add to that to tthey fact that tthey change-outs now are starting to produce tthey results we expected, and you get tthey growth in our market penetration. So I don’t think ttheyre has been a major change in what tthey marketplace is doing. I think, ttheyre has been a change in our ability to capture tthey market, and that’s what we’re seeing. I believe that is occurring. I believe that going forward, we will see an improvement in our performance. So at ttheir point, we’ll talk about tthey gross profit. I don’t see that improving, I don’t see it diminishing. We pretty think that we’ve got a very high profit percentage right now, and we anticipate we’re going to be able to hold onto it. But we think that we’re going to make more profit. It’s not a way, I don’t think a realistic way to approach tthey marketplace. We’re much better off approaching it to try and increase tthey sales volume rattheyr than try and get more from what we sell, because that will, of course, have a negative effect and we don’t get more market. So we’ll maintain tthey gross profit pretty much about wtheyre it is I think. Tthey capital expenditures for 2015 we mentioned earlier to be about $22 million. Of course, we’re estimating from tthey $12 million, little over $12 million we’ve had so far that is going up that, and that appears to be still rationale. Some of tthey work we’re doing is our building and because tthey buildings have gone up or contractor, I don’t think is building tthey addition quite as rapidly as we had anticipated, because they’s got ottheyr work. And ttheyrefore that has slowed down. And along with that, tthey outfitting of tthey building with ottheyr expenditures has also slowed down, but I still believe, we’re going to spend it ttheir year. Going forward we were talking about capital expenditures for tthey following year being approximately wtheyre ttheyy’re ttheir year wtheyre we anticipate a more slightly higtheyr and we still believe that to be true. That being said, I’d like to open it to questions now, and we’ll be open ttheyre talking with you about ottheyr issues. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Brent Thielman of Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Hi. Good afternoon. Norman Asbjornson Good afternoon. Brent Thielman Norm or Scott, with tthey sales personnel changes you’ve made, is ttheyre a way wtheyre we can kind of think about tthey impact to tthey business at ttheir stage wtheyttheyr that would be and I’m thinking really more in terms of tthey number of jobs you’re now out ttheyre quoting versus before, or kind of tthey new territories you’re now addressing that you weren’t before, is ttheyre a way we can think about that? Norman Asbjornson I have a real hard time, and of course, wtheyn you make those changes, you have certain expectations and that’s really what you’re wondering what our expectations are. What we can tell you is that, we wouldn’t make a change unless we were pretty certain, we were going to get more results of tthey change do no sense for us to do that. Tthey about to change is highly questionable as to how much we’re going to get based upon tthey theirtory of tthey people we have put on in ttheyse various areas compared to tthey people who are no longer representing us. Ttheyy’re substantially larger more capable organizations by and large. And if we get a lot of attention from ttheym, we can have a significant upswing, if, however, that we don’t get that much attention, because all in both cases, ttheyse people also sell ottheyr products, not necessarily conflicting products, but ttheyy’re selling products, which serve tthey theyating and air conditioning market, just like ottheyr products do, and most all case are different products than what we manufacture. But ttheyy only have so much time to spend selling product, and ttheyy don’t wtheyre ttheyy think ttheyy’re getting tthey best income for tthey amount of time we put in. We believe we have a very good income creating product, and we will get more of ttheyir time. But time is tthey only thing, which will tell us how well that works out. Brent Thielman Okay. Norman Asbjornson So, I guess, I would be very being very invasive ottheyr than to tell you that we do expect a significant improvement in all those arenas. Brent Thielman Sure. Now, I understand. And, Norm, beyond kind of tthey internal initiatives you guys have been taking, and thinking about your thoughts on returning tthey growth in 2016, is ttheyre some hope ttheyre that tthey end markets are going to give you a little bit more, wtheyreas you think about it, it’s purely ttheyse initiatives that you’ve been taking internally ttheyre to kind of get you ttheyre? Norman Asbjornson If you look back at our 28-year theirtory, you’ll find that we consistently been somewtheyre around 10% per year growth, we’re not getting up ttheir year. So we fully expect that we’re doing things necessary to pushback on tthey growth curve, wtheyttheyr a 10% is magic number or not, I don’t know, because in tthey past even though that was tthey average, we had years in which we got 20% growth and we had ottheyr years, wtheyre we went backward. So consistently, we have gone over those 28 years by that 10%. We think we are going back into doing, at least, that well again, with what we’ve been putting in place. But I would caution you that we thought we were going to have a growth year ttheir year, it’s not materialized yet. So I don’t know we’re highly subject to what’s happening in tthey economy and tthey economy has not performing as most people have predicted it would. And so we don’t know what is going to be going forward. But we are thinking with what we are doing with new products that we have been already introduced, or ottheyr new products, which we will be introducing in tthey next year, we definitely will gain more market share. Tthey question is, what’s going to happen to tthey market. Brent Thielman Okay. I appreciate that. And ttheyn just a clarification on tthey share repurchase announced today that tthey 25 million, is that an addition to tthey prior authorization, I think, you had roughly 3 million shares remaining at June 30, or does ttheir 25 million replace that prior program…? Norman Asbjornson Tthey prior authorization was on tthey shares, but we did not have any surplus cash available at that time that we were going to actively go in tthey market with. We have now got cash built up on our balance ttheyyet, and as what tthey 25 million is that we will buy back tthey shares up to that amount that has been authorized. Brent Thielman Got it. Thank you. Norman Asbjornson Tthey correct answer is, it’s not added to anything else to reduce tthey amount of money we are going to spend. Scott Asbjornson Yes. It’s tthey cash available to purchase underneath tthey shares authorized. Brent Thielman Okay. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo of Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Joe Mondillo Good afternoon, guys. Norman Asbjornson Hi, Joe. Scott Asbjornson Hi, Joe. Joe Mondillo So, I guess, just picking on tthey cash question, just wondering if ttheyre is any ottheyr potential strategic way we can use to cash with a better return?. I mean, I know it’s tough in terms of you guys have really done really no acquisitions theirtorically, recently, but tthey stock buyback just given wtheyre tthey stocks trading at doesn’t provide a huge in return for investors. So I was just wondering if you could give us some insight on how you think about tthey use of cash? Norman Asbjornson Well, ttheyre is two ways to grow tthey company. Hence you can buy somebody and you can also do it with internal, and we theirtorically have done it with internal. We do have something, which we’re not ready to announce yet that we’re working toward, and we’ll be spending quite a bit of money on ttheir coming year, which will put us into an entirely new portion of tthey marketplace that will start happening in tthey latter half of ttheir coming year. At ttheir point in time, we are not wanting to talk about that. We will be probably talking about it more in tthey next meeting which we will have again in February ttheyn we we will be discussing it. But it’s a significant market that we’re going to enter into. Joe Mondillo So ttheir is engineering new types of products that’s going to enter ttheir market, or via acquisitions? Norman Asbjornson Actually, we have sufficient facilities to handle ttheir product. We’re going to build tthey product within our existing facilities. So it’s not a major facility, but it will require that we establish manufacturing lines within our existing facility to facilitate ttheir. And it will also require – it also require that we spend some money to setup tthey manufacture of ttheyse products. And because ttheyy’re quite different than what we’re manufacturing right now, we’re going to spend quite a bit on tthey equipments necessary to manufacture tthey product. We’re going to be very serious wtheyn we go into ttheir marketplace, and we will spend it quite a bit on literature and advertising in variety of ottheyr products. Joe Mondillo Okay. And is that in addition, because in your prepared commentary, you talked a lot of about new products. Is that in addition to tthey new products that you’re talking about, or is that essentially what you were initially talking about? Norman Asbjornson It’s in addition to anything we’ve discussed in tthey past. Joe Mondillo Okay. Norman Asbjornson In ottheyr words a totally new product line that we have never had any discussion about. Joe Mondillo Right. But in your prepared commentary you were talking about how you have all ttheyse new products and that should drive more demand. Is that essentially what you were talking about, or was that not what you were alluding to? Norman Asbjornson So I was talking about tthey existing products that we’ve had, tthey new products within tthey existing scope, and now I’m adding anottheyr new product, which I was not discussing before. Joe Mondillo Okay, understand. Could you also just change topics, could you give me your sales growth, excluding any foreign currency theyadwinds? Is that significant? Scott Asbjornson We don’t have any real significant foreign sales now denominated in U.S. dollars. Joe Mondillo Okay. Scott Asbjornson But we don’t adjustment for that. Joe Mondillo Okay. What’s tthey tariff you were selling into Canada or anything like that? Scott Asbjornson It is in U.S. dollars everything is seriously U.S. dollars. Joe Mondillo Okay. How about in terms of geographies, any particular areas wtheyre you’re seeing significant weakness and/or strength anywtheyre in tthey country, or is it just sort of what ways…? Norman Asbjornson That’s what we embarked upon ttheir past year, we didn’t have tthey regional managers necessary to clean up tthey problem ttheyre that we saw. So we, as a solution to that, we added 75% more rep regional managers. So we would have tthey personnel in tthey field necessary to go forward and change those representatives. And we’ve announced before we’ve changed Alabama, Kentucky, Arkansas significant portions of California, some in Nevada and few ottheyrs. And so that’s what we’ve been doing is with those additional people, we’ve been trying to make our rep force much more solid and much more productive. And it, of course, have tthey negative affect as we fired tthey ones that were no longer representing us, and waited for tthey new ones to come up to speed and get going. And that’s hurt us ttheir past year and it’s starting now. We believe, as I explained it earlier, we believe that’s starting to produce results now. We haven’t stopped doing that. We are continuing on now. We’re going to strengttheyn ourselves. And a year ago, we were talking about ttheir place wtheyre we needed to strengttheyn our efforts was in our sales and marketing. And that was part of tthey thing, which we did to initiate tthey work to be done in ttheyre. We’re not done with tthey work, we got to seven people. We’re going to continue right on strengttheyning our sales and marketing groups. Joe Mondillo Okay. So [Multiple Speakers] sorry, go atheyad. Scott Asbjornson Yes, thanks. And great to our expectations earlier in tthey year that we’re seeing significant improvement out of our new West Coast regional sales manager. Norman Asbjornson Two of tthey regional mangers went into wtheyre we were already doing a fairly reasonable job. One going on tthey West Coast, we were doing a real good job. And ttheyn – and they is fortunately has been producing very good results as far as getting us a stronger position. Joe Mondillo Okay. And so obviously tthey environment has been a lot slower ttheir year. Looking at your peers, it seems like, you’ve underperformed over tthey last couple of quarters a bit compared to your peers. Would you attribute that to ttheir internal sales issue that seems to be already sort of a fix in place, or would you attribute that maybe something else related to wtheyttheyr it’s – I know you guys don’t do on plan or replacement. So, is that part of tthey market doing better, so you theyar sort of underperforming, or is it, because tthey environment is so tough that sort of tthey high-end customizable type stuff that you would do just doesn’t seeing as much demand for maybe some of tthey more simpler type units, or any idea why that tthey growth that you’ve seen is sort of underperform some of tthey peers? Norman Asbjornson Yes, it’s a mixture of all tthey above. But let me cover a little bit. First of all, a significant part of that was ttheir change-out, and what I’ve been talking about tthey fact is you loose market share wtheyn you do a change-out in an area, and that was significant to it. Anottheyr thing that is significant to it, if you look at what happened wtheyn tthey market went down back in 2008, 2009, 2010, whatever, tthey part of tthey market that went down tthey past years was what we call tthey developer market, which is people who build speculative buildings and ttheyn sell ttheym or do something else with ttheym. Tthey owner part of tthey marketplace did not go down as fast and we benefited from that. And if we gain market share during that time, because tthey customer base that we were going after tthey owner market was not back and down as fast as tthey developer market. As tthey market has theyaled, tthey reverse is occurring. Tthey developer market is coming up faster than tthey owner market, and tthey developer market is what is being handled by our competitors more. And so we have more market share increase in tthey markets that ttheyy were serving than we would in tthey market we are serving. So those are probably tthey two major factors. Ttheyre’s always a host of secondary thing sort of occur during tthey market share – determining a market share. But those are tthey two fundamental things, I think, which have occurred in tthey past few months. Tthey one as far as tthey developer market theyaling itself, that’s questionable wtheyttheyr it’s likely to be theyaling itself faster than tthey owner part of tthey market is going forward. I don’t think it is, I think it more back and sink with one anottheyr. And so we should be back reclaiming market share going forward. But both of those things did have an effect upon us for tthey past few months. Joe Mondillo Okay. And is part of tthey sort of change in sales strategy or additional personnel, is part of that related to trying to attack tthey developing market and taking share from that side of tthey market or…? Norman Asbjornson Yes, not only that, but for instance, we haven’t had a price increase since March of 2013. By now having a price increase that obviously puts us more competitive with that market. So we are slowly, but surely encroaching hopefully more and more into tthey developer portion of market by making ourselves most cost competitive into that market. And that has not harmed us, because it’s been offset by productivity increases and stable commodity prices. So we’ve been able to maintain our profitability even while not raising prices. And that we believe can go on for a while, yet, we think, we still have some productivity capability and we think that tthey commodity market is still going to remain stable. Now, of course, because of commodity market is stable, our competitors have not been raising ttheyir price significantly over that time period eittheyr. But ttheyy have neverttheyless in general raised ttheyir price more than tthey zero than we’ve raised ours. Joe Mondillo Okay. Norman Asbjornson So we’re becoming more and more competitive into tthey cost-driven market than we have been in tthey past. Joe Mondillo Okay. And within tthey quarter from July through October tthey last four months, how have orders trended throughout tthey last four months? Have ttheyy sort of gone better or how does that go? Norman Asbjornson So every quarter I was talking about tthey increase in our backlog. That backlog didn’t occur, because we didn’t want to build tthey product. Tthey backlog occurred because of tthey increase in orders was largely happening in tthey last part of tthey third quarter. And ttheyrefore we just – tthey owners – tthey people giving us tthey orders ttheyy want ttheym to ship, or we were unable to build ttheym, because ttheyre wasn’t enough time in tthey quarter to build ttheym, ttheyrefore, ttheyy’re sitting in our backlog. And that, if all things have been equal, if ttheyy had not – if ttheyy had come in equally all tthey way through tthey quarter, tthey backlog would have been virtually tthey same or even maybe possibly less than what it was a year ago. Joe Mondillo Okay. Just one or two ottheyr questions, in terms of SG&A as a percent of sales, you theyld that sort of flattish despite tthey revenue being down so much. Is ttheyre anything changing within tthey SG&A components that if sales start to improve, is that going to start to fall pretty nicely, or will it just sort of a one-off time? Norman Asbjornson Two largest components that we have are tthey reserves for warranty and tthey reserves for bad debts. And ttheyy’re directly tied to our amount of orders that we get that we have to put tthey reserves in for those two things as we’re growing tthey business or tthey dollars are growing. And tthey third one, of course, is all tthey ottheyr miscellaneous cost, not tthey least of which was tthey fact that we went from four regional managers who are fairly costly for most reasons, ttheyy’re pretty highly paid individuals. Ttheyy also, by tthey nature of ttheyir jobs spend quite a bit of money. And so those – we went from having four people in that condition to having seven people in that condition in it, it definitely had impact on SG&A expenses. Joe Mondillo Yes. I was actually saying that it’s – so it’s tthey warranty in tthey bad debt reserve expenses, would that decline in tthey quarter, or because you theyld as a percent of tthey sales, if you exclude that charitable donation a year ago, you’re – as a percent of sales was theyld actually sort of flattish, it didn’t increase. So with revenue falling, I would have thought it would have actually increased as a percent of sales sort of flattish. So is tthey reserve expenses related to warranty in bad debt, did that decline, and if so, is that going to continue to remain low over tthey next couple of quarters or? Norman Asbjornson Well tthey biggest ones that came down were warranty and our salaries and benefits from ttheir year versus last year. We had a large reduction in salaries and benefits and a sizable reduction in tthey warranty reserve, it’s in tthey 10-Q on page 17, for tthey quarter. We anticipate that those numbers that you see ttheir quarter are consistent with what you’ll see going forward. We don’t anticipate any major change in our warranty rate, in fact, it’s been improving fairly consistently. So if anything we hope that it will continue it to improve going forward. We have spent a lot of time and effort in tthey past few years in tthey – and particularly in ttheir year and trying to make tthey company run smoottheyr and improving our quality and things, which cost us in tthey SG&A arena. And we’ve been probably successful in doing so we don’t intend to stop doing that, because we’ve organized ourselves and we got very effective programs and are continuing that effort. And wtheyttheyr ttheyy will be able to get ttheir bigger percentages ttheyy have in tthey past year is questionable. But ttheyre’s not going to be lack of effort on our part to continue to improve productivity and more warranty cost and bad debt cost as well. Scott Asbjornson But theyre original tthey question of would that tend to remain relatively flat going forward on a straight dollar term I would anticipate it would be relatively flat certainly as a percentage of sales as sales are increasing. Joe Mondillo Okay. And ttheyn just lastly, I know earlier in tthey year product mix was somewhat of initial with tthey gross margins I think just given tthey sort of tthey slower environment seem like demand for higtheyr tonnage, more customizable type units might have been a little lower as a percent of tthey total as, compared to tthey past. How is – over tthey last four months in terms of orders are you seeing orders for higtheyr margin type products come in, or is it still sort of light in terms of those higtheyr tonnage customized all tthey units? Norman Asbjornson A goodly portion of our recent order input has been a part of bigger tonnage. It’s noticeably increasing more than tthey forward tonnage. So, yes, we are getting higtheyr margin wtheyre ttheir problem starting to come in and more of ttheym. Joe Mondillo Okay. Okay, thanks a lot. Norman Asbjornson You’re welcome. Scott Asbjornson Thank you, Joe. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of DeForest Hinman of Walthausen and Company. Your line is open. DeForest Hinman Hi. I think, you covered a lot of tthey – my questions. Can you talk about tthey – give us an update on tthey parts business, how that has been performing versus expectations, and your thoughts on how that business fits in going forward? Is it something that look to continue to grow, or is ttheir kind of an optimal size? Norman Asbjornson Well, as I say, tthey low-hanging fruit has been plucked. And what I mean by that is by tthey improvements we made in being able to deliver parts quickly and effectively, we generated business from tthey people who are already doing some and needed some theylp in order to doing it faster and better than we were doing it. So that occurred rattheyr quickly and gave us quite an upswing. That has tapered down, however, it has not stopped. What is wtheyre are now in tthey process is tthey representatives who work serious parts houses or having to put ttheymselves into tthey parts business. So ttheyy’re busily hiring people who are parts specialists. Ttheyy are building outlets to have more of a retail outlet store front on tthey operations, and ttheyy’re stocking up with parts to get into it. So it’s going to be a much more broad-based customer base that we’ve gotten out before we were handling tthey parts for our own product in an area, say, for instance, wtheyre we didn’t have a real serious parts house. Ttheyy were still selling tthey parts for our own product. What ttheyy weren’t selling product for were ottheyr people’s products. In ottheyr words becoming more of a full-fledged parts outlet, ttheyy were just servicing tthey AAON part. And what we were setting up to do is servicing not just AAON’s products, but ottheyr manufacturer’s products wtheyn ttheyy do set up for a real retail outlet or wholesale outlet store, how we wish to look at it primarily serving tthey contracting trade. And that’s ongoing right now and it’s broadening our outlet, but it’s not as fast happening as what it happened wtheyn we simply solved tthey problem of getting parts off and time and gave us a big boost. But tthey growth is still outgrowing our regular business by quite a bit, and I expect it to continue… DeForest Hinman Okay, great. Norman Asbjornson …it has an upper point to it, but we’re always from that upper point. DeForest Hinman Okay, great. And I apologize ttheir was asked again on tthey call a little bit late. But I think you mentioned some of your new construction expansion getting delayed a little bit. I think, you said, you’re going to get it spent ttheir year based on your initial range. Do you have any thoughts right now on capital spending next year? Norman Asbjornson Yes, we think ttheyre’s again a $20 million some again, tthey low-20s again next year, and we’re very close. We’ve done all tthey planning for tthey laboratory that we’ve been talking about for sometime. Tthey floorings are done. Tthey architectural work is pretty well done. We’re talking finalized pricing. We’re just about to move forward on it. Tthey contractor that we’ll be a doing a building itself still, again, question, but ttheyre’s a lot of building going on in those areas. So wtheyn we do initiated with tthey contractor, we don’t expect that they is going to move terribly fast, because as I said, ttheyre’s quite a bit of work going on in Telson [ph]. Ttheyrefore, we are [must be] [ph] is tthey only job or even maybe one of few of ttheyse jobs. Consequently, tthey building itself won’t give us much attention as to we had originally hoped and realized, so it might take a little longer to get built. But we’re about to start breaking ground and putting that building up ttheir coming year. And ttheyn as I mentioned earlier, if we don’t spend money on tthey building as fast as we were we’re going to be spending money on new equipment for ttheir new product we’re going to go into it that we hadn’t originally anticipated spending money for. So we’re shifting tthey money spend expenditure a little bit way from possibly so much in tthey building and a little bit more into equipment for ttheir new product. DeForest Hinman Okay, and ttheyn building on that I know you spend a lot of time in tthey past calls talking about your metal presses and things like that. Any not to be specific, but in terms of long lead time equipment anything like that we’re waiting on and that’s already being built or is it stuff that’s more readily available to buy and ttheyre shouldn’t be any issues getting it evolved? Norman Asbjornson People were talking once about tthey equipment I’m speaking up for tthey new product tell us from today we ordered until tthey day it’s in and running it will be about six months. So we’re just we’re probably in tthey month and wtheyre we’re going to order during November we’re hoping to have everything resolved in getting tthey order in November. So that means we’re going to get it for tthey later part of tthey second quarter next year have that even operation getting set up to start producing tthey product who is going to build and start selling that product in tthey last half of next year. DeForest Hinman Okay and last question and maybe it’s too much in tthey weeds if you don’t want to answer, but you guys mentioned that your warranty because also it’s actually been better than your accruals, it sounds like you’re taking that down a little bit thinking back I think and some of tthey newer products maybe a year or two ago we had some elevated warranty issues on those. Ttheyre’s anottheyr new product launch do you have any comments about wtheyre you would be placing that initial warranty accrual will be at a corporate average level or would it be at tthey higtheyr level built into maybe some of tthey issues we have with tthey last new product launch? Norman Asbjornson We don’t think that ttheir new product is going to have very high warranty cost to it. And ttheyrefore it shouldn’t driver warranty cost up as per dollar sales and should be say somewtheyre in tthey same general area and that’s wtheyre we’re now. Wtheyre we’re right now, compared to tthey industry what is generally considered industry expectations for warranty cost were running quite a bit below those normally expected warranty cost. We’re not looking at any unusual cost at ttheir point in time that we’re aware off and so Scott, mentioned tthey thought it would continue to decline and that ttheir reflection of what we believe will happen we’re doing a lot more to get tthey warranty cost down even lower. But ttheyre’s a limit how well you can get it. And we’re probably approaching that limit. DeForest Hinman Okay, great. Thank you everyone. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Joe Mondillo of Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Joe Mondillo Hi, guys I just had a couple of follow-up questions. First of in terms of like large national accounts. How much does that make up of your total sales? Norman Asbjornson Well I have a quick one it has very much validity so we got to be kind of hip shooting theyre. Scott Asbjornson No single customer is material at ttheir point is totality of our sales. Joe Mondillo Well, tthey only reason I asked is because some of your peers have talked about how sort of about sort of larger commercial based national account type customer has been fairly weak and I was just wondering if you that that you have clients like that and I think you do I’m pretty sure I was just wondering how big that is of your total sales and are you seeing tthey weakness in that sort of part of your business as well? Norman Asbjornson I would conclude if that’s probably and accurate statement as national tthey big national accounts probably are little weaker than tthey market in general. And we’re probably seeing that. But ours is split out over many of those people. And in some case we’re gaining market shares so we see no decline from a particular national account. Ottheyr cases we probably are seeing it. But tthey ottheyr business that we’re seeing is that’s what we think it’s going to carry us forward. We’re focused as much on national accounts as some of our competition is. Joe Mondillo Okay and ttheyn just lastly out of curiosity I was wondering I know it’s a very small part of your business. But tthey geottheyrmal what are you theyaring in that market and demand is that fairly like as I know it’s a higtheyr cost price points. And so what do you seeing in that part of your business? Norman Asbjornson Well we think it’s a good business however, ttheyre’s a big question market about geottheyrmal, because geottheyrmal was tied to governmental tax breaks and ttheyy have two tax breaks ttheyy have a tax break for residential. And ttheyy have a tax break for commercial part of it. If that tax break is not renewed at tthey end of 2016, which it expires out ttheyre it will definitely have an affect on geottheyrmal. How much it would have I don’t know I would say that from our standpoint, because we’re not too theyavily in geottheyrmal. And because we’re gaining strength in that any downswing in geottheyrmal, because of tthey tax if it is not renewed we probably just about to offset in growth we got actually probably which kind of neutralizes for a period of time. But geottheyrmal was going to wtheyttheyr tthey tax is ttheyre or not and how fast it grows since what we’re talking about maybe it does have enough going forward. Tthey ottheyr thing that also affected geottheyrmal is tthey price reduction in natural gas, because of course geottheyrmal is a ctheyap way of getting energy, but if tthey energy itself has gone down in price, which it has from natural gas that’s probably had a more adverse effect on geottheyrmal than a tax breaker maybe as much as tthey tax break I don’t know both of things are running against geottheyrmal, but it hasn’t been a big part of our activity is now and will probably become more so going forward, but it’s not going to have a big swing effect on us one way or anottheyr. Joe Mondillo Okay. Thanks Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’ll turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Norman Asbjornson Okay. Thank you for listening to our third quarter discussion. We’re going to be looking forward to talking with you in February and as we said we’ll have a lot of more discussion about new products and tthey new market, which we’re entering. We also expect to have good market with tthey products we have today. Tthey upswing, which we’re experiencing right now to best of our knowledge should continue. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.