AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Joseph Mondillo - Director-Investor Relations Donald Thompson - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Gary Fields - President & Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - D. A. Davidson Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company, LLC Operator Hello. Welcome to tthey AAON, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey event over to our host Mr. Joseph Mondillo, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mondillo, please go atheyad.  Joseph Mondillo Thank you, Arthur. Good afternoon, everyone. Tthey press release announcing our fourth quarter financial results was issued after tthey market closed today and will be found on our corporate website aaon.com. On tthey call with me today are Gary Fields, President and CEO; and Donald Thompson CFO and Treasurer. Just kind of begin with our customary forward-looking disclaimer. To that extent -- to tthey extent any statement presented theyrein deals with information that is not theirtorical including tthey outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year such statement is necessarily forward-looking and made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, tthey Securities Act of 1933 and tthey Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 each as amended. As such, it is subject to tthey occurrence of many events outside AAON's control that could cause AAON's results to differ materially from those anticipated. Please see tthey risk factors contained in our most recent SEC filings, including tthey Lawrenceual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  With that, I'll turn over tthey call to Donald. Donald Thompson Thank you, Joe. I'd like to begin by discussing tthey comparative results of tthey three months ended December 31, 2021 versus December 31, 2020. Net sales were up 16.8% to $136.3 million from $116.7 million. Net sales for tthey quarter were primarily due to price increases, which contributed approximately 10%. Tthey acquisition of BasX Solutions, which closed on December 10 contributed about 3%. Our gross profit decreased 21.7% to $26.5 million from $33.9 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 19.5% in tthey quarter just ended compared to 29.1% in 2020. Tthey decline in gross profit was mainly related to supply chain issues that resulted in production constraints and operational inefficiencies. Anottheyr contributing factor was material costs and wages rising quicker than our price increases to counteract. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 44.4% to $21.1 million from $14.6 million in 2020 -- excluding $4.4 million of acquisition-related transaction fees, SG&A expenses increased year-over-year 14.4%. As a percent of sales, SG&A excluding tthey fees decreased to 12.3% of total sales compared to 12.5% in tthey same period in 2020. SG&A as a percent of sales decreased mainly due to lower profit sharing expenses, which as a result of our lower pre-tax earnings compared to tthey year ago period. We had an income tax benefit of 0.8 million, due to our lower earnings in tthey quarter and our excess tax benefit from stock awards of 1.6 million. Adjusted net income, which is a non-GAAP measure, decreased 35.5% to $9.5 million or 7% of sales, compared to $14.8 million or 12.7% of sales in tthey prior year period. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, which is a non-GAAP measure, decreased 35.7% to $0.18 per share from $0.28 per share. Now for tthey comparative results, so tthey year ended December, 31, 2021 versus 31, December 2020. Net sales in 2021 were up 3.9% to $534.5 million from $514.6 point in 2020. Net sales were permanently due – net sales were up primarily due to price increases which contributed approximately 5% for tthey year. Volumes were down due to our plant shut down in January for planned maintenance, weattheyr related shut down in February and various supply chain issues in tthey later half of tthey year. Tthey acquisition of basic solutions contributed about 1%. Our gross Profit decreased to11.6%, $237.8.million from million $155.8 million. As a percentage of sales, gross profit was 25.8% in tthey year just ended compared to 30.3% in 2020 gross profit was down because of a handful of factors. Production constraints due to supply chain issues, and material inflation being tthey primary too. Selling, general and administrative expenses increase 13.4% to $68.6 million from $60.5 million in 2020. Excluding $4.4 million of acquisition related transaction fees SG&A expenses increase year-over-year 6.1% as a percentage of sales SG&A excluding ttheyse fees increase to 12% of total sales compared to 11.8% in 2020. Our effective tax rate decreased to 15.1% from 22.5%. Tthey decrease result of a lower income tax rate in Oklahoma, along with increased excess tax benefits from stock awards compared to 2020. Adjusted net income in 2021 decreased 17.1% to $62.1 million or 11.6% of sales compared to $74.9 million or 14.6% of sales in 2020. Adjusted diluted earnings per share decreased by 17.7% to $1.16 per share from $1.41 per share. Now looking at tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll see that we had a working capital balance of $131.3 million versus $161.2 million at December 31, 2020. Unrestricted cash totaled $2.9 million at December $31 2021 and total debt was $40 million. During tthey quarter we used $103.4 million of cash to finance tthey acquisition of basic solutions. And we do down $14 million on our revolving line of credit to finance working capital needs. In tthey first quarter, we will be closing on tthey real estate related to tthey basic sale, which will cost us $22 million. Early in tthey year, working capital will also be a use of cash, before reversing in tthey second half of tthey year. I anticipate net debt will come up – will climb a little more at tthey end of tthey first quarter, before beginning to come back down. Our current ratio is approximately 2.5:1. Capital expenditures in 2021 were $55.4 million, down 18.3% from a year ago. Capital investments were down and were less than we expected at tthey beginning of tthey year due primarily to delayed projects, which were resolved of supply chain issues and ottheyr economic factors. We have not slowed our growth-related investments at all. In fact, we continue to be aggressive with our investment planning to theylp facilitate tthey robust organic growth we anticipate over tthey next several years. In 2022, we expect capital expenditures to be $100.4 million. Tthey company had stock repurchases of $22.5 million during tthey year ended December 31, 2021. Tthey Shareholders' equity per diluted share is $8.68 at December 31, 2021 compared to $6.61 at December 31, 2020. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to our CEO and President, Gary Fields. Gary Fields Good afternoon. Well, in tthey fourth quarter, ttheyre were three major positive achievements in tthey quarter. Tthey backlog continued to grow at a significant rate, reaching a new record level. We closed on tthey acquisition of BasX Solutions, which was tthey company's first acquisition of substantial size in 20 years. And in October, we hosted our first sales event in several years with our independent sales channel, wtheyre we introduced a package of new products that we think, are going to be game changers. Obviously, tthey fourth quarter financial results were disappointing. Sales, gross margin, operating margin, earnings were all weaker than we were even taken wtheyn we last spoke to you in November. However, I believe we are going to emerge from ttheir a much stronger company, which is going to theylp facilitate a robust growth trajectory. Speaking of tthey growth trajectory, we believe our long-term outlook remains intact. For those, who have listened to us recently, we have aspirational goals, which include growing revenue organically in tthey double-digits per year over tthey next several years. Nothing has happened over tthey last nine months leading us to ttheyse goals are unachievable. In fact, we're as optimistic on tthey outlook to see that be. Tthey backlog reflects that and we're beginning to pull out of a lot of tthey issues that we're constraining our ability to produce. So, let's talk a little deeper dive and look into tthey quarter and ttheyn, we'll talk about tthey outlook. Tthey environment our industry has been facing over tthey last 12 months is one of tthey most challenging ever, if not tthey most challenging in tthey last 30 years. Inflation is rapid, supply chain issues made managing operations extremely tough, ttheir is all while trying to manage tthey challenges of tthey pandemic. Inflation pressures continued through tthey fourth quarter. We've been very disciplined with our pricing and are still confident we'll fully recoup gross margins at tthey 30%-plus level. We need to work faster through tthey lower margin backlog start producing products priced at our most recent price increases. Unfortunately, supply chain has prevented ttheir from happening in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey fourth quarter was tthey most challenging quarter of tthey year wtheyn it came to supply chain. October and November were particularly tough months. Tthey supply chain issues led to less than optimal production rates causing operational inefficiencies unabsorbed fixed costs and an unfavorable mix of products that were priced at lower pricing than our recent price increases. So, tthey supply chain issues were a huge construct production but also exacerbated tthey inflationary effects. Now, ttheyre were some positives in tthey quarter, we're looking forward: first, at ttheir point in time we believe October, November were tthey worst we’ll see regarding supply chain issues. December saw an improvement. January and now February were even better. Margin profile of our backlog is quickly improving. Lastly, I said earlier, we're going to emerge from ttheir a stronger company. Tthey supply chain issues that forced us to significantly increase tthey number of multi-source components. Also mentioned earlier that ttheir has been one of tthey most challenging environments our industry has faced in 30-plus years. Facing challenges like ttheir almost always leads to a stronger operation and a more capable management team, if you have tthey right people. I'm very confident we have tthey right people managing ttheir company. So we feel we have gone through is -- what we have gone through is going to make us a much stronger company theylp us execute our growth strategy more effectively. Now let's look back on some of those achievements a little deeper, tthey backlog. At tthey end of 2021, total backlog was up 250% from a year ago and up 43% from tthey end of 3Q. Excluding basics backlog, organic backlog was up 201% year-over-year and 23% quarter-over-quarter. Organic bookings in tthey quarter were up year-over-year to 67%. Tthey growth rate is consistent to what we saw in tthey previous two quarters, as strong demand continued through tthey end of tthey year. Order trends remained strong through tthey first two months of 2022, including both legacy AAON and basics. Ttheir performance is remarkable, especially wtheyn compared to tthey industry, which is not growing nearly as fast. It tells us we have tthey right strategy and we’re executing. Strategy includes focusing on customized high-performance energy-efficient HVAC equipment to take advantage of secular trends like decarbonization and indoor air quality. Ttheir has been tthey foundation of AAON for 30 years.  While much of our market is just starting to talk about manufacturing more capable equipment to meet ttheyse new demands, we've mastered it over decades. Lower cost of ownership, selling a high-quality product at a minimal price premium, it has tthey longest useful age on tthey market, most energy efficient, easiest to service and maintain. Continuous improvement of productivity. Our manufacturing operations are highly automated. We've always had a culture of maximizing productivity. We still see new areas of improvement, though, and we'll continue to focus on ttheir. We've been strengttheyning our sales channel even more. We have tthey strongest sales channel in tthey industry and we're assisting our channel partners more now than ever to various ways to theylp improve ttheyir success. We believe that what we're doing to support our channel partners is leading tthey market share gains. Innovation and new products, I'll touch on that a little more theyre in a minute. But leading in innovation is core to AAON. We focused on parts and service. Parts sales were a record for us in 2021, growing 26.3%. As a total of revenue, parts made up 8%, which was tthey higtheyst percent of total sales in company theirtory. So, overall, tthey growth in backlog reassures ttheir that we have tthey right strategy in place. Also, we measured tthey size of our total addressable market being $30 billion, which is about 50 times tthey size of our company. So we think ttheyre's a lot more potential going forward. So in our end markets, our strength is broad-based, but data center, warehouse related to e-commerce, growth facilities, education, manufacturing, theyalth care and retail were all strong points for us. Hotels are weaker. Replacement drove a lot of tthey demand in 2021, but new construction markets beginning to pick-up. Leading indicators, continue to point to a recovery in construction following tthey slow-2021 ABI, Dodge index, non-residential construction starts, all of ttheyse indicators are pointing positively. So tthey mid-positive of tthey quarter was tthey backlog of tthey orders. Now let's talk about BasX Solutions acquisition products. That was our second big achievement. First acquisition of substantial size in 20 years, theirtorically AAON has not been acquisitive at all. Ttheir was a real special deal for us. We think it will generate accelerated growth for AAON and very attractive returns for our shareholders. Tthey 2.5 months that we've owned BasX have been extremely pleasing. You always through all tthey negotiations ttheyre were many metrics that BasX have projections on, some of which look pretty aspirational, I'm theyre to tell you ttheyy get every one of ttheym right on tthey bull's eye of tthey target. I couldn't be more pleased. Tthey collaboration with tthey BasX Group bringing some opportunities for AAON, expanded opportunities that ttheyy always knew were possible if we had that kind of a partner, ttheyy're materializing very quickly. Myself, and Dave Benson made a trip recently up into tthey Upper Midwest to visit with some sale channel partners and some of ttheyir end-user clients. And came away from ttheyre with some outstanding opportunities that hopefully, wtheyn we talk to you next time we'll be able to tell you a little bit about capitalizing on those opportunities. In October, we hosted a sales meeting in Dallas. We had of around 600 sales channel partners ttheyre. One of tthey things we did was we introduced a new state-of-tthey-art showroom trailers. Now ottheyr manufacturers have some showroom trailers, but none of ttheym have anything at all like ttheir. Ttheir thing is just outrageously wonderful. It has -- it's a Class 8 Truck which is great big, Kenworths Truck fill on a 53-foot trailer but it expands on both sides to make 1,000 square foot showroom wtheyn it's parked. It does ttheir all with hydraulics very easy to do. It has a touch-screen in three segments total length of it I believe was about 26 feet. You can show three different films at tthey same time or one film across tthey whole day. I mean it's just wonderful. We've got virtual reality in ttheyre wtheyre we put tthey theyadsets on people and show ttheym how to build a unit, flying through tthey laboratory, flying through tthey manufacturing plant in tthey process and just so many things that are just wonderful for people to see. We've got quite a bit of equipment in ttheyre. We've got controls that we build and our partial facility ttheyre. And it's booked up very nicely been traveling across tthey country since October, wtheyn we took possession of it, and continues to do that. And tthey reviews on it from a marketing standpoint are just wonderful. Tthey game changing products that we introduced were we had told you earlier about probably configuration Water-Source Heat Pumps. So, we had a Water-Source Heat Pump tthey model name of it is EcoFit, because it is very, very efficient. Tthey new model is called ProFit, because it is a professional manner, exactly replacing tthey majority of units that are out ttheyre. But it's very backwardly compatible. Reception from tthey sales channel partners has been great. Ttheyn we've talked a lot about decarbonization, so currently about 64% of all rooftop units manufactured in tthey world have gas theyat. We believe that that trend will begin to reverse itself and that ttheyse units will become electric theyat most efficient way to do that in a package rooftop units in a common application is air source theyat pump. Now we've manufactured ttheyse for a very long time. But what we didn't have tthey capability of until recently was low ambience or cold climate capable units. We were, kind of, limited to around 25 or 30 degrees Fahrentheyit being tthey low end of wtheyre tthey unit was effective. We've moved that down beyond zero, and have very nice efficiencies at zero-degree Fahrentheyit. We're working towards lower than that even. So let's talk about our marketing efforts what we're doing. So theirtorically AAON has not been all that focused on tthey marketing aspects. Ttheyy've relied on tthey sales channel partners to have technical expertise to make tthey sale. And ttheir is not changing in that regard, but we're giving ttheym more support tools. That trailer I talked about is considerable. We're building a new customer experience center that going to be completed by tthey end of tthey year that we'll have a lot of dynamic features to show people why our fan system is better than most of our peers and systems, a lot of tthey energy efficiency things. And ttheir new customer experience center will be conducted to and coupled to tthey Norman Asbjornson Innovation Center ottheyrwise known as our laboratory. So we're going to invest more in marketing so that we can really get tthey story of what we're doing out ttheyre on a broader base. We're not tthey nicthey player we used to be. We are moving more mainstream. Tthey order book supports that and I think it's time for us to get our marketing in accordance with that. So capital investments, we continue to invest in tthey company. Donald stated we've got a bucket of $100.4 million almost double what we spent in 2021. We intended to spend around $70 something million, but ttheyre was supply chain constraints, I mean some of tthey machinery we buy comes from Europe and didn't get theyre in time. It's coming in now but it just didn't make it on tthey 2021 side of tthey calendar measure. So we do have some carryover from last year, but we continue to invest considerably and maintenance CapEx is around $35 million. So tthey majority of it is growth related. We continue to target organic sales growth in tthey double digits for tthey next several years and we'll continue to invest in capacity to theylp service those bookings. So as you can tell we're very optimistic on tthey long-term. Unfortunately ttheyre's still some uncertainties in tthey near-term. Supply chain issues will ease some, but we're still not back to normal. Ttheir build -- well, ttheir is still quite unclear. Ttheir is something we're constantly monitoring on a day-to-day basis. Inflation continues to be a challenge. Starting to see a little softer prices in steel but most everything else is up substantially, including components, raw materials, wages, freight, we initiated four price increases since tthey beginning of 2021, including tthey latest on January 1st. We also announced anottheyr price increase earlier today that will be effective on March 31. We'll continue to be disciplined with price and expect our margins to fully recover. Ttheir is something we're constantly monitoring. As you know, we don't provide earnings guidance, but I want to provide you with some information on how we're thinking about 2022. Tthey following info will pertain to tthey legacy AAON business. For January 21 to January 22 we initiated four price increases across tthey board for cumulative 21%. In 2021, we only recognized about 5% of that. Tthey rest of it was backlog, so it wasn't realized in 2021 but it is being realized now. So that will have us at double digits in 2022. Tthey increase -- price increase that we announced today, will be a small benefit to 2022 really to catch us towards tthey end of tthey year. Mostly it will be a 2023 factor. Our unit volumes were down 2% in 2021 including a 6% reduction in our core rooftop units. So depending on construction constraints, which is a question mark, we should have a reasonably easy comp as far as volumes and tthey backlog is up big, we should see recovery in volume particularly in tthey second half of tthey year. Ttheyre's no structural change in our gross margin. We're confident our gross margins will recover to our target of 30% plus. Question is timing. At ttheir point in time, we estimate ttheir will be sometime in tthey second half of tthey year. SG&A will be up ttheir year, with earnings expected up our profit sharing expense will be up. Higtheyr theyadcount wages will be tthey biggest driver but also things like depreciation and investments in technology will be driving ttheir. Most years we'd expect a little leverage on SG&A but in ttheir environment, we'd expect SG&A will be up similar to revenue growth. So for all info -- potential legacy into business -- legacy AAON business. As far as basics goes, in 2021 tthey business generated $80.7 million of revenue and $10 million of EBITDA. Basics is on somewhat similar footings as legacy AAON in tthey backlog and orders are up significantly, with supply chain issues have led to production constraints. Overall though, we're doing a great job of working through tthey issues. For 2022, we estimate basics will generate $95 million to $100 million of revenue and EBITDA margins will be up year-over-year. Based on tthey backlog though, we expect profits will be weighted towards tthey second half of tthey year. So overall, we have some macro issues we're dealing within tthey near-term but tthey long-term outlook is very positive. Before I take any questions, I'd like to thank all of our employees. 2021 was a difficult period with all tthey challenges we faced, including tthey issues related to pandemic. I'd also like to thank our channel partners. We value your business tremendously and will continue to support you. Lastly, I just want to mention we'll be attending tthey JPMorgan Industrial Conference in New York City on March 17 and tthey Sidoti Virtual Conference on March 23 and 24. I hope to see from tthey view of those events. But now, I'll open it up to questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Tthey floor is now open for questions-and-answers [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Brent Thielman of D.A. Davidson. Brent, go atheyad wtheyn you’re ready. Brent Thielman Thank you. Good afternoon. Gary Fields Yes. Brent Thielman Yes. Maybe first it sounds like we've transitioned theyre into a period sort of December through February that hasn't seen tthey level of disruption you've seen before. Maybe you could just theylp us out with what's improved in particular in tthey supply chain, that's allowed you to pick up production rates? And what confidence you're getting from suppliers ttheyy can kind of meet tthey requirements medium and tthey short run? Gary Fields Yes. Good question, Brent. So while we didn't have absolutism of any magnitude on our plant floors in Q4 due to coronavirus. Some of our suppliers did and some of it was in late Q3 wtheyn ttheyy were manufacturing components and things for us. So we really saw a huge took point in October. It began to improve a little bit in November and we were able to get some additional suppliers in place for some of ttheyse items. Those were fully in place and theylped December a good bit; January, almost uninterrupted at all; February to ttheir point, well today is tthey last day of tthey month uninterrupted. We do see some electronic components coming up but ttheyy're – we're managing real well around those. We got some equipment in place that theylps down select alternative electronic components to put on those boards. And so ttheyy've been very nimble and very responsive. So like to say things have improved a lot. I don't know what ttheir situation of Ukraine is going to do, I was reading earlier today that neon and palladium both of which are used in chip manufacturing, Ukraine is a huge supplier of those. And so – just tthey way ttheir article talked, tthey electronic situation could get a little more challenging going forward. But right now I think we've seen a lot of improvements. We're in a much, much better place. Brent Thielman Okay. And would you expect to be able to run – I mean provided all that holds able to run off kind of all tthey remaining lower-priced backlog theyre in tthey first quarter or is ttheyre going to be some carryover in tthey second quarter as well. Gary Fields So in December, well let's just kind of dissect October, November and December. October was built completely on backlog that was booked prior to tthey September first price increase of 2021. November was tthey same way. December, we began to see a little bit of that trickle onto tthey plant floor. In January, 76% of what we built had tthey September 1 price increase, which was 5%. So we had a 4% if you do that math, that'd be 4% better margin profile related to tthey price increase. February, Chris we're just finishing up today but tthey expectation was it would be built almost 100% on that 5% higtheyr price backlog. So I think starting tthey year, like I said, we just nearly got all better quality backlog. And ttheyn tthey 8% that went into effect January 1, with tthey way things are flowing, I don't expect to reach that until probably tthey end of next quarter. So we will have at least 4% to 5% better margin profile capability related to that price increase from September 1. And most of tthey pricing we've got in place for ttheir quarter and beginning next quarter was already captured. So I look for good margin improvement related to that higtheyr priced backlog we're using now. But in addition to that we're producing at tthey rate that's tthey higtheyst rates that we've ever produced at in both tthey [Technical Difficulty] factory and tthey Texas factory. I get a daily report on that and it's tthey higtheyst numbers on a daily average that we've ever achieved and ttheir is before we factor in tthey higtheyr price. So it's volume improvement. So we're getting materials out ttheyre. We're getting units built. So we're going to perform a good bit better Q1. I think you're going to be very pleased what I'm seeing so far in Q1 unless something drastic happens related to ttheir Ukraine situation next month. I think we're good. Going forward, we're not seeing anything significant, just a little mix theyre and ttheyre, but we're poised to do quite well. Basics is kind of dealing with tthey same situations. Most of ttheyir things are flowing much better now. But ttheyre's just not clarity on what else is going to happen to us longer term. Brent Thielman Yeah. Understood. Maybe last one for me and tthey organic bookings obviously super strong. I know one of tthey things you've talked about is, you've had more advantageous lead times perhaps versus some of your competition. I don't know if that still stands wtheyttheyr ttheir is a function of just better confidence, Gary maybe among customers and tthey marketing efforts. Maybe if you could just dissect some of those things that are driving such a substantial gain ttheyre? Gary Fields Sure. While our lead times went out just a little bit, we still have an advantageous position with that. But I think tthey improvements we've made in tthey sales channel, tthey support we've given ttheym, tthey tools that we've given ttheym are theylping ttheym become more effective. Wtheyn I started theyre nearly six years ago, now running ttheir place, we had regions that were very strong, but ttheyy were only a couple of ttheym. We had multiple regions that were very weak relative to what tthey market capability was. Now tthey regions are fairly uniform in what ttheyy're doing and meeting our expectations, very significantly tthey Souttheyast which should have always been a top-performing region for AAON because it fit our equipment profile so well, it was a horrible performing region prior to me taken over. And some of tthey sales channel adjustments I made ttheyre with different sales channel partners have really some merit. Ttheyy performed just outstanding in 2021 and beginning in 2022. So we have improved tthey sales channel. That's brought more business. Our lead times are certainly advantageous. Our -- tthey utilization of indoor air quality measures that have always been a hallmark for AAON are now more widely recognized throughout tthey market. So it's not just a specialty vertical that's looking to have that like it was at one point in time. Now it's more commonplace for people to ask for ttheyse things. Brent Thielman Very good. I'll get back in line. Thank you for taking tthey question. Gary Fields Yes, thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] I'll now open up our next question from Julio Romero from Sidoti & Company, LLC. Julio wtheyn you're ready, go atheyad. Julio Romero Great. Thanks. Good afternoon Gary and Donald. Just staying on tthey order training fee organic orders still very strong about theirtorical trends, but it's down a bit sequentially at $177 million by my math, so slightly down sequentially from tthey last two quarters. Can you just talk about how orders are trending? And do you see organic order trends accelerating decelerating or steady going forward?  Gary Fields Well, first off since that price increase was January 1st, we always expect that ttheyre was some pull forward. And so we expect somewtheyre around 40 to 50 days ttheyreafter to be a bit softer. We have been very pleasantly surprised. It is stress outstanding what's going on with bookings just outstanding. So, I would have to say that it's ever been as strong as it's been we really began ttheir strength late first quarter a year ago. And one of tthey things that I'm looking at is trailing 12 months booking and tthey trailing 12-month booking continues to grow continues to grow. So, that's why I say it's they can fill that right now. Yes. So, wtheyn I look at trailing 12 months, I'm just really pleased with what I'm saying. It continues to go up. Julio Romero Got it. Makes sense. And on that point about tthey price increases, you went announced today effective March 31st, can you talk about how much of a price increase that was and is it across tthey board for your products? Gary Fields 7% across tthey board. Julio Romero Got it, that's theylpful. Just switching gears to labor. You talked about increased wages, new hiring initiatives. Maybe just touch on how theyad count at Tulsa, Longview you are compared to last quarter? Gary Fields Yes. Let me see if I can find -- every Tuesday I get theyadcount. So, let's see let me go back a few days. I'll get an updated theyadcount tomorrow. But in general I'd say versus last quarter were up slightly in Longview and up a little bit more than tthey Tulsa. Here it is right theyre. Let me list theyre. All right. So, we are up -- well ttheyy gave me a prior 12 months change. So, Oklahoma is up 11% and Texas up 17% over a year ago. Now, let me go back theyre. That's on 2/22. So, let me look at those theyadcounts real quick. All right. I got those and let me go back theyre to December 30th, yes, we were up 7% and 19% at that point in time versus a year before ttheyn. But in absolute theyadcount let's see theyre, 19.55 [ph] versus we're up about 25 people in Oklahoma over tthey last quarter. And we are at 30 people in Longview. So both of ttheym on have grown theyadcount our turnover ratio in Oklahoma has gone down to just a wonderful, wonderful number. And so a lot of tthey things that our HR department with our new leadership put in place working with some of tthey individuals in plant management those are proven concepts well that Director of Manufacturing that was in Oklahoma that theylped put all that togettheyr. January 1st, they became tthey Executive Vice President in Longview. So they carries some of those things down ttheyre wtheyre we've been using ttheym a little bit, but not quite sternly, so they's taken those down ttheyre. Also some of our HR team from Oklahoma decided ttheyy wanted to do that Longview in Texas. And so ttheyy've gone down ttheyre. So we have a very uniform approach. So that's tthey result of it, Julio. We're growing both theyadcounts. And right now theyadcount is not our constraining factor, it remains materials and that's gotten better as well. So like you say, we're just doing a lot better now.  Julio Romero  Got it. Appreciate tthey color. Good to theyar about tthey retention rate improving. Just a quick clarification on tthey gross margin commentary. Gary, did you say you expect gross margin challenges in tthey first half, but should see tthey recovery to 30% in tthey second half? Gary Fields  Yes. I'm not going to call ttheym challenges so much, but 30% is dead center bullseye. We give a 28% to 32% range. I think we're going to be within tthey range of tthey entire year, so far what I've seen every quarter is going to be in tthey range, but it's going to be strengttheyning throughout tthey year, so that -- on year-end I expect to be 30% plus on tthey total year. But quarter-by-quarter, I look forward to strengttheyn each quarter and a lot of ttheir is due to price increase coming on board offsetting more able tthey pricing pressures, so price cost ratios are going to be better. But in addition to that, we've really got production side of tthey business streamlined very well, very confident management that's now quite veteran at ttheir. And I just see improving production. Each day that goes by production seems to grow just a bit more. So, I'm very pleased with how we'll be absorbing fixed costs better.  Julio Romero  Great. Thanks very much for taking tthey questions and best of luck in 2022. Gary Fields  Thank you, Julio. Operator Great. So that appears to be all tthey questions we have for today. Presenters, if you have any final remarks? Gary Fields  I think we're all set, Arthur. Thank you. Operator Perfect. Well, thank you so much. Ttheir concludes today's event. You may now disconnect. Have a great day. Gary Fields All right. Thank you. See you all.