Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q4 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call February 21, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Elisabeth Eisleben - IR Thomas Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Okray - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Bob Cushing - Executive Vice President of Professional Mike Broderick - Executive Vice President, Merchandising Inventory, Replenishment and Store Operations Prabhakar Vaidyanathan - Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations Analysts Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Michael Lasser - UBS Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Greg Melich - MoffettNathanson Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Dan Wewer - Raymond James Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Bret Jordan - Jefferies Alan Rifkin - BTIG Chris Horvers - JPMorgan Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Mike Baker - Deutscthey Bank Steve Forbes - Guggentheyim Securities Elijah Suzuki - Bank of America Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Inc Matt McClintock - Barclays David Bellinger - Oppentheyimer Scottina Jolly - Gabelli Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Fourth Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2017 results. I'm joined ttheir morning by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Okray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bob Cushing, our Executive Vice President of Professional, Mike Broderick, our Executive Vice President, Merchandising Inventory, Replenishment and Store Operations and Prabhakar Vaidyanathan, our Vice President, Treasury and Investor Relations. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, be advised that our comments today may include statements that are not theirtorical facts and may be deemed forward-looking statements as defined by tthey SEC's Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements, due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and on our website, we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our quarterly press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail, regarding both tthey forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures referenced in today's call. Tthey content of ttheir earnings call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings press release and related financial statements. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Thomas Greco Thanks, Elijah, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin my remarks by thanking tthey entire AAP team and network of Carquest independent for ttheyir unrelenting focus throughout tthey first full year of our 5-year plan. In 2017, we implemented important building blocks to capture tthey substantial opportunity atheyad. In doing so, we made progress against our long-term strategic objectives amidst a challenging environment to tthey industry. In addition, we narrowed tthey competitive growth gap on a full year basis and delivered significant cash flow improvement. Specifically, total revenue is down 2.2% and comp sales were down 2.6% in Q4. While we're far from happy with ttheir sales outcome, it was atheyad of our guidance, which considered tthey difficult comparison of our positive 3.1 comp in Q4 2016. Our top line performance was a result of improving execution throughout tthey quarter and a better-than-expected December, resulting in a 2-year stack of positive 0.5% in tthey quarter. Our adjusted operating income margin was 5.6%, and our adjusted earnings per share was $0.77. Rounding out tthey financials, our continued focus on working capital resulted in free cash flow growth of 56% on a full year basis to $411 million. Our cash position is tthey best it's been since tthey 2014 acquisition. Throughout 2017, we've put tthey foundation in place to enable our transformation. Delighting our customers and empowering our frontline team members remains at tthey center of everything we do, which will ultimately drive market share gains and significant margin expansion. In terms of sales in tthey fourth quarter, we continued to see top line strength in certain businesses and regions. Tthey Worldpac business achieved top line growth above tthey industry average, and our Canadian business continued to perform very well. In both corporate and independent U.S. stores, our 1 and 2-year stack performance improved compared to Q3. From a category perspective, we saw above-average growth in battery sales as well as increased demand for wipers and lighting. Ttheyse improvements were partially offset by softness in undercar and cooling categories. We expect ttheyse trends to carry forward into tthey first quarter of tthey year, as tthey first quarter has started off with colder weattheyr in key geographies, driving a winter-related demand. Turning to tthey bottom line in Q4. We realized savings from productivity, including material cost optimization, which benefited gross profit. In addition, we saw positive impacts from 0-based budgeting within SG&A, as we delivered cost savings and lower third-party fees compared to tthey previous year. Finally, we remain laser focused on cash flow and reduced inventory for tthey third consecutive quarter by $51 million in Q4, with a total reduction of $157 million in 2017. Tom Okray will elaborate furttheyr on our financial performance shortly. While we're pleased we closed Q4 by exceeding our guidance across tthey board, we fully recognize a great deal of work remains to fully capture tthey tremendous opportunity atheyad. Now I'd like to review tthey transformation actions we took in 2017 and what you can expect from ttheyse initiatives in 2018. Throughout 2017, we made important investments to strengttheyn our core value proposition. We made investments in tthey customer and in technology. We also made investments in our people, investments in our frontline team members as well as team members in our customer support center. We're confident that tthey investments we made last year set us up for long-term growth. A major accomplishment we announced late in Q4 was a strategic partnership with Interstate Batteries, tthey undisputed market leader in batteries for professional installers. In terms of DIY, AAP will be tthey only retailer in tthey nation carrying a complete lineup of Interstate Batteries in-store and online. Ttheir unique partnership creates a powerful combination of Interstate's R&D and brand recognition with our substantial fulfillment capabilities combined with our store and frontline asset. Tthey Interstate relationship reinforces tthey importance of brands and suppliers to our transformation. We want to provide tthey very best market-leading brands at great prices. In addition, our supplier base is critical to our success. We continue to work closely with our highly-valued suppliers to find additional partnerships that drive benefits for both parties. Moving to an update on key initiatives within our long-term plan. I'll start with Professional. In Q4, we continued our availability transformation rollout and ended tthey year with roughly 1,000 stores completed. We're also implementing ottheyr proven initiatives to enhance our professional value proposition in all stores. Ttheir includes cross-banner visibility, a critical step in increasing availability, which is expected to be complete in Q1. As a reminder, we believe AAP has tthey strongest lineup of professional brands in tthey market. And cross-banner visibility enables both professional customers and all Advance, Carquest and Worldpac team members to see a broader range of inventory across tthey enterprise and place ttheyir order from one platform. Tthey ability to see tthey entire inventory and portfolio of brands available in market regardless of banner enables us to serve customers faster and more efficiently. Most importantly, it enables us to say yes more often. Related to cross banner, we implemented Advance Pro, our e-commerce engine for professional customers, in approximately 12,000 professional customers in 2017, including 4,000 converted in tthey fourth quarter. Advance Pro allows our professional customers to fully access our common catalog, and we plan to double tthey number of customers utilizing ttheir platform in 2018. In terms of DIY, we're improving tthey in-store experience for our customers. Our team members are now leveraging a standardized approach to customer engagement and selling. We're providing increased training to frontline team members enabling better execution. In addition, we continued to improve tthey quality of our online experience through tthey launch of our new website in mid-2017. We added to our online SKU assortment, made search much easier and in providing a faster and more frictionless online experience. As a result of our omnichannel focus, our DIY performance strengttheyned in Q4, and we exited 2017 with momentum in DIY. Next, we've been working on strengttheyning and streamlining our supply chain from end to end. Our first priority is to improve baseline execution. We remain focused on a limited number of KPIs in our supply chain. While we've made progress on fill rate, close rate and store in-stock rate, significant upside remains. In 2018, we expect to see furttheyr improvements in each of ttheyse metrics along with order-to-delivery time and consistency, safety and cost. We'll also begin moving forward in 2018 with our longer-term supply chain transformation roadmap. We are taking tthey necessary steps to validate key elements of our plans ttheir year with meaningful benefits to come in tthey future. In terms of optimization, our supply chain can be streamlined to better meet tthey future needs of our customers. Our supply chain strategy is about differentiation, improving tthey customer experience and structural cost reduction. Tthey 3 key elements of our strategy include: first, a market-by-market approach to drive share; secondly, tthey repurposing of our in-market store and asset base; and third, tthey optimization of our distribution centers. In tthey future, we anticipate markets across North America will have significant differences in how customers shop for auto parts, requiring a market-by-market approach to drive share. Some of tthey variables we considered include tthey outlook for professional versus DIY; online versus in-store sales; and buy online, ship to home versus buy online, pickup in store. To optimize our in-market store base, we've also evaluated tthey entirety of our assets market by market. Ttheir includes Advance stores, Advance HUBs, Advance Super HUBs, Carquest corporate and independent stores, Autopart International stores and Worldpac branctheys. Our goal is to strengttheyn our customer value proposition while simplifying our current asset base. In some DMAs, we see opportunities to reduce our store base wtheyre we have underperforming stores. While stores remain very important to our long-term success, wtheyn you have more than 5,000, not all stores have tthey potential to perform at tthey level we expect. In those situations, we're adopting a very surgical approach to reducing our store base. Bottom line, we will close stores wtheyn it's clear tthey decision will drive long-term cash flow. We're approaching store closures very differently than we have in tthey past. Ttheir includes a much more robust process to transfer sales to ottheyr AAP outlets, and most importantly, an approach that ensures we retain our top-performing team members. In some markets across North America, our store presence is limited. In ttheyse markets, we intend to accelerate Worldpac branch openings to drive professional growth while investing in marketing, online and digital to drive DIY. Regardless of tthey intheyrent differences in each market, our objective is consistent: strengttheyn our customer value proposition and gain market share. In terms of distribution centers, we currently have 54 across North America. In many cases, we ship parts from multiple DCs to tthey same city, demonstrating ttheyre's a significant productivity opportunity. Our plans to optimize tthey AAP DC network includes some initiatives that are relatively easy to implement. Ottheyrs are more difficult, requiring technology unlocks currently in progress. We begin ttheir journey in 2018, capturing some early wins while testing a more compretheynsive solution with tthey potential to significantly improve in-market availability and substantially reduce costs. Wtheyn we say streamlining our supply chain from end to end, we'll bring each of ttheyse 3 initiatives togettheyr. First, a market expansion strategy that puts tthey customer first and considers tthey future shape of demand and our existing asset base market by market; second, an in-market network that optimizes stores to drive ROIC and free cash flow; and third, a DC network that is integrated and better leveraged at end state. Allow me to briefly touch on new stores. Given our underperformance in company-owned Advance and Carquest stores over tthey past few years, we see an opportunity to improve execution through increased focus. As a result, we don't want to distract our field leaders with new stores until we grow tthey comp sales of existing stores. Ttheir is not to say we won't open new Advance and Carquest stores in tthey future. It simply says we're laser focused on execution in existing stores and strengttheyning tthey Advance and Carquest brands. Once we're growing comp sales in existing Advance and Carquest-owned stores, we will open new stores again. Most importantly, we remain focused on growth, gaining market share and driving improved performance. We're making growth-related investments in 2018. In terms of CapEx, we're investing in technology and additional Worldpac branctheys. In terms of OpEx, we're continuing to invest in online, digital and on frontline team members to drive growth. And as I mentioned, we're bringing Interstate Batteries to our stores wtheyre we will be tthey only nationwide retailer with tthey extensive Interstate lineup available. In summary, we are pleased with how we finittheyyd 2017. In 2018, we expect to furttheyr narrow tthey competitive growth gap and deliver margin expansion. We remain focused on cash and our inventory optimization efforts. We're highly confident 2018 will be a year of improved performance. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom Okray for a review of our financials and 2018 outlook. Thomas Okray Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I will begin with tthey operational performance of tthey business and specific impacts on our margin results. In tthey fourth quarter, gross profit was $874 million. On a rate basis, our gross profit margin of 42.9% was 69 basis points lower than tthey prior-year quarter of 43.6%. Tthey primary driver of our gross margin contraction was increased supply chain costs, which reduced our margins by 89 basis points. While tthey biggest driver of our increased supply chain cost was a result of new DCs, which were approved prior to tthey commencement of our end-to-end supply chain work, we also have an execution opportunity theyre, as Tom mentioned. In addition, tthey noncash impact of our inventory optimization efforts negatively impacted our gross margin by 20 basis points. Ttheyse increased costs were partially offset by continued material cost improvement and a reduction in defectives, which combined, improved 42 basis points compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2016. Adjusted SG&A was $760 million in Q4, a decrease of $22 million as compared to tthey prior-year fourth quarter. Ttheir was $38 million lower versus our adjusted SG&A in tthey second quarter of 2017, exceeding our objective of lowering adjusted SG&A by $25 million versus tthey second quarter of 2017. As a percentage of net sales, our fourth quarter adjusted SG&A improved 24 basis points from 37.5% to 37.3%. Continued progress and expense management during tthey quarter, including labor, third-party fee reductions, and ottheyr improvements in utility, maintenance and repair costs, were partially offset by higtheyr medical costs and insurance. Turning to adjusted operating income. We delivered adjusted operating income of $114 million in tthey fourth quarter and adjusted operating margins of 5.6%, 45 basis points lower than tthey prior year, which were impacted by tthey gross profit and adjusted SG&A levers we described above. Tthey impact of tthey tax reform signed into law in December will have a significant impact on our income and effective tax rate. As a result of changes in tthey law that reduces tthey federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, we will require to revalue our deferred tax liabilities in Q4 at tthey new lower rate of 21%. Ttheir drove a one-time noncash tax benefit of $144 million and was tthey primary driver of our fourth quarter effective tax rate, which is a benefit of approximately 149% or $1.94 increase to our diluted EPS. Due to tthey one-time nature of tthey noncash tax benefit, we excluded ttheir impact in our adjusted net income and EPS calculations. In 2017, our effective tax rate with tax reform was 8.6%. In 2018, we expect our income tax rate to be between 24% and 26%. Turning to cash flow and to echo what Tom discussed earlier, we are very pleased with tthey strength of our free cash flow in 2017. Our full year 2017 free cash flow was $411 million, a 56% increase as compared to prior year. We have put a tremendous amount of focus into managing our cash that simply did not exist in tthey past. Ttheir includes tthey new working capital management and CapEx policies implemented over tthey past 12 months. We will be relentless on selecting profitable investments, protecting tthey long-term theyalth and viability of tthey company and maximizing tthey returns to tthey business. Now I'd like to wrap up our discussion with an overview of our expectations for 2018. With respect to Q1, we expect to deliver OI margin expansion, both as compared to Q4 and on a year-over-year basis. Based on tthey current trends we are seeing across our business, we estimate flat to 25 basis points of adjusted OI margin improvement for tthey first quarter compared to tthey same quarter in tthey prior year. For tthey 2018 full year, we expect to deliver net sales of $9.1 billion to $9.4 billion, with comparable store sales in tthey range of negative 2% to 0. We expect adjusted operating margins to increase between 0 to 50 basis points for tthey year. We estimate our 2018 capital spending will be $200 million to $250 million. Leveraging our efficient deployment of capital allows us to maintain our theirtorical level of capital spending while increasing our investment in technology, e-commerce and our people. In line with our continuing transformation agenda, we estimate integration and transformation expenses of $140 million to $180 million in 2018. Tthey increase versus tthey prior year is primarily related to optimizing our supply chain footprint. Following tthey December 2017 tax reform, we estimate an effective tax rate between 24% and 26% in 2018. Furttheyr, we estimate ttheir change will result in $70 million of incremental cash flow and increase EPS by $0.90. Ttheir incremental cash flow from tthey tax reform provides additional operating flexibility. However, it did not change our investment strategy or annual operating plan that was finalized in November, atheyad of tthey passage of tax reform. Our 2018 plan includes increases in technology and e-commerce in addition to continued investment in our people. We remain focused on delivering free cash flow and expect to deliver at least $400 million of free cash flow in 2018. Tthey primary drivers of tthey $400 million wtheyn compared to our fiscal year '17 free cash flow result are incremental cash flow related to tthey lower tax rate and continued improvement in working capital, offset by higtheyr capital spending, expenses related to our supply chain footprint optimization and tthey 2017 nonrecurring benefits related to tthey sale of our aircraft and vehicles. In summary, we are pleased with tthey traction and positive momentum we achieved ttheir past year, but want to be very clear, we still have a lot of work atheyad of us. Our entire team continues to work hard every day to drive furttheyr improvements, and we are confident that we will deliver against our 2018 objectives. We remain optimistic about tthey opportunities atheyad and look forward to discussing our continued progress throughout tthey year. With that, let's open it up to addressing your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from tthey line of Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Seth Sigman Thanks a lot. Good morning. Nice to see tthey progress guys. Just quickly on tthey DIY improvement that you cited, Tom. So I think you attribute some of that improvement to enhancements you made to tthey online offering. Can you elaborate on that a little bit more? Was that direct-to-consumer? Or was that buy online, pickup in store? And I guess, just overall, what does it tell you about tthey importance of online in tthey category? Thomas Greco Well, first of all, we definitely made some progress on our website, Seth, in tthey back half of tthey year. We are focused on just improving tthey experience overall, making it more frictionless. So reducing page load times, reducing tthey number of clicks to get out. We tried to align our entire organization around tthey online offerings so that we're actually compensating our general managers for buy online, pickup in store and buy online, ship to home. So everybody is really aligned around making tthey omnichannel experience better. So we're continuing to elevate tthey focus of -- people often, over half of tthey time, start to search for auto parts on a mobile device, so we've just got to be out in front of that. And you're going to continue to see us make investments in technology and tthey omnichannel experience to drive that and that theylped our DIY business. It was one of our best quarters on DIY for a while. We did benefit, I think, a little bit from tthey storm-related activity that was throughout tthey Souttheyast and in Texas. That drives DIY. It actually hurts Professional, but it drives DIY, but that was kind of tthey story of tthey fourth quarter. Seth Sigman Okay, that's really theylpful. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up on tthey cash flow. Obviously, a significant improvement ttheir past year. Just based on tthey guidance, I mean, you guys will have close to $1 billion in cash at tthey end of 2018. How are you thinking about deploying that at ttheir point? Is ttheyre an opportunity to possibly resume buying back stock theyre? Thomas Okray Yes. Thanks, Seth. We're staying true to what we said in tthey past. We want to get back our leverage ratio to 2.5. We're at 2.9 now. We want to get back to 2.5. Second priority is invest in tthey business, a lot of opportunity ttheyre. And ttheyn, tthey third one is return to shareholders with buybacks. Right now, we don't have anything on tthey radar screen for ttheir year in terms of buybacks. Seth Sigman Okay, thanks. Good luck. Thomas Okray Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Michael Lasser with UBS. Your line is now open. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. My first question is on how you thought about creating your top line guidance for tthey upcoming year. Ottheyrs are kind of indicating ttheyy think tthey industry is going to grow 2% to 4%. If we take tthey midpoint of your flat to down, your comp guidance would suggest that ttheyre's not going to be much narrowing of tthey performance gap versus tthey ottheyrs. So did you just take a lot of conservatism in your outlook for your comp for tthey upcoming year? Thomas Greco Good morning. Mike. I certainly understand your question. Let me give you some perspective on ttheir one. In terms of sales, we absolutely believe 2018 is going to be a stronger year for tthey industry and for Advance for a couple of reasons. First of all, from an industry standpoint, tthey dynamics are all positive: GDP, vehicle, miles driven, sweet spot, car park, finally a cold winter, which we benefit from with a lot of stores in tthey Norttheyast to North Central. And wtheyn you look at ourselves, tthey big changes that we had to make as part of ttheir transformation are behind us. Wtheyn you think about tthey field restructure we executed last year and tthey professional sales organization, ttheyse were big changes to big things and ttheyy were very distracting. So ttheyre's no question that we'll be more focused ttheir year on our execution of our plan. Tthey big initiatives that we have are starting to have an impact as well wtheyttheyr that's cross-banner visibility, availability transformation, or omnichannel work. And ttheyn, we did finish tthey year with our best 2-year stack in a long time and narrowed tthey gap significantly, both on a full year and fourth quarter basis. All of that said, it's very early in tthey year and we need to be prudent. We have a large cost base that over time we're addressing in a way that's thoughtful and doesn't impact tthey customer. And for 2018, we built our cost base to match that sales guide. So be assured, everybody at AAP is focused on exceeding tthey sales and profit numbers we've guided to. And in tthey event that we do that, it will be a tremendous year for us, and we think ttheir is tthey right approach for 2018. Michael Lasser My follow-up question, Tom, is can you give us tthey sense for how tthey margin integration expenses are going to flow from theyre over tthey next few years? Are you at tthey point wtheyre 2018 will be tthey peak integration expense year? And after ttheir, you'll be able to make substantial progress to your long-term operating margin expectations? Thomas Okray Yes. Michael, I'll take that one. I think you are going to below tthey line costs. As we see, those -- our GPI integration costs are going to come down over time. Ttheyy were roughly $24 million in '17, will come down more in '18. Our amortization related to GPI is going to stay roughly steady at about $40,000. But what you will see over tthey next couple of years going forward is an increase in our transformation expenses, as we really start to double down on our supply chain footprint optimization. Michael Lasser Okay. Thank you so much. Good luck for tthey rest of tthey year. Thomas Okray Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Simeon Gutman Good morning, guys. First question is related to Q4. Ttheir is not -- it's maybe hard to do, Tom. But how much was tthey better trend, tthey result of weattheyr versus how much can you isolate to execution and operational improvements? Thomas Greco Yes. I mean, we obviously look at it every single week, Simeon. We look at our input metrics that really define what ends up happening on tthey output side. And given tthey changes we made in tthey third quarter, which I'd say tthey peak of that disruption was around period 7, period 8. As we looked at period 9, 10, 11, 12, each one, we started to improve wtheyttheyr that was an in-stock, fill rate, greeting tthey customer, tthey things that we're measuring on a routine basis. So I would attribute more of tthey improvement to execution. Tthey weattheyr was -- as I think you've theyard from ottheyrs, October, November was favorable. We had a good October and November. December, we expected it was going to be tough. It got better as we closed tthey year, and obviously, that continued into tthey first period of ttheir year. But overall, December was not a good year-over-year lap. It was an excellent 2-year performance, but it was not a good 1-year performance. Simeon Gutman Okay. And my follow-up has 2 parts. Tthey first part is on tthey guidance for 2018, in particular, tthey EBIT margin range. Is that solely tettheyred to tthey comp range? Or is ttheyre a potential upside coming from margin items? Meaning ttheyre's some cost reduction and/or margin enhancement that could occur irrespective of how comps play out? And ttheyn just as a small part of that, can you just comment on why tthey CapEx is about $60 million south of wtheyre you were, I think, prior to -- I think, for ttheir year, why is it $60 million light versus guidance? Thomas Greco Okay. Well, maybe I'll take tthey margin. I'll flip tthey CapEx question over to Tom. We're really excited about tthey fact that we're going to expand margins ttheir year. We're starting to see tthey productivity agenda kick in. Tthey areas that we've discussed in tthey past are starting to really impact our P&L. Tthey material cost optimization theylping us on tthey gross margin line. Tthey supply chain productivity agenda is theylping us. And ttheyn 0-based budgeting is really becoming pervasive throughout tthey company. And that's enabled us last year to make investments in tthey area of tthey businesses that we think we need for tthey long term. And we referenced that in tthey prepared remarks, technology and marketing, customer service and in people. So yes, we have engineered our cost structure to match that sales guide to tthey extent we can beat that sales guide. Ttheyre's going to be some upside overall. But we want to make sure that we're being thoughtful about how we run tthey business and we've engineered tthey cost structure accordingly. So tthey productivity agenda we have for 2018 is robust. It's about -- it's slightly bigger than we had last year, but it's in tthey same areas of material costs, supply chain and 0-based budgeting. Tom, you want to talk on CapEx? Thomas Okray Yes. With respect to CapEx, we've just become much more cash focused within tthey company. I think I've mentioned on previous calls, we've got a cash council that meets twice a month. We've actually got an organization now in terms of tthey capital department that we didn't have in tthey past. We're not happy with tthey 13 ROIC. We want to have tthey industry-leading ROIC. And so we've just really raised tthey bar on our capital projects. We're just being much more rigorous in terms of what gets through and what gets spent. We've got target for each category of capital spend. So tthey decrease from 2016 is really just a higtheyr bar for approval. Simeon Gutman Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open. Seth Basham Thanks a lot and good morning. Thomas Okray Good morning. Seth Basham My first question is on tthey margin guidance for 2018. For tthey first quarter, you're guiding to 0 to 25 basis points improvement, but for tthey full year, 0 to 30 basis points. It seems like you had tthey easiest comparison in tthey first quarter. Why would you see a more limited improvement in tthey first quarter relative to tthey balance of tthey year? Thomas Okray Yes, it's good question. It goes back to what Tom talked about for tthey overall guidance. We're just really trying to be prudent with tthey guidance in tthey first quarter as well as for tthey overall year. We like tthey gross margin that we see in tthey first quarter. It's still early in terms of sales. Depending on how tthey sales growth goes, ttheyn -- that will dictate what tthey overall bottom line margin will be and how much we lever in terms of SG&A. Seth Basham Got it. Helpful. And my second question is related to tthey supply chain transformation that you guys are undertaking. Can you provide a little bit more color on tthey initial steps you're taking in 2018, tthey easy wins versus tthey bigger wins? And what you're doing at tthey pilots on those more compretheynsive changes? Thomas Greco Sure, Seth. So first of all, wtheyn we talk supply chain, think of it as end to end. So really all tthey way from tthey distribution centers to tthey stores. So I'll speak to those separately. In terms of tthey distribution centers, first of all, we feel great about tthey amount of planning and rigor that's gone into our long-term transformation plan on supply chain. We're very committed to optimizing our network while strengttheyning tthey customer proposition. That's very, very important to us. In terms of distribution centers, we mentioned in prepared remarks, we've got 54 DCs. Ttheyre is an opportunity for optimization ttheyre. Ttheyse DC plans are very sensitive, as you can appreciate, for both competitive and internal reasons. So we're not prepared to share specifics on what we're doing ttheyre at ttheir time. And at tthey appropriate time, we'll share more details on tthey DCs ttheymselves. As it pertains to tthey stores, tthey stores are inextricably linked to tthey supply chain work we're doing on tthey DCs, obviously. So what we've done is we've taken a market outlook, literally DMA by DMA, in tthey tri-state area. What do we expect in terms of auto parts sales over tthey next several years, how much is going to be Pro versus DIY, how much is DIY online versus DIY ship to home, et cetera? So every market in tthey country, we've done that work. And ttheyn we overlay tthey entirety of our asset base in each DMA. So in tthey case of tthey tri-state area, we have obviously Advance stores, we have Carquest stores, we have Carquest independents, we have Autopart International stores, Worldpac. All of those assets, we look at in tthey market. And ttheyn we're taking a very surgical approach to optimization. So in tthey case of an asset we have in that market, a store, for example, if we don't feel that store can achieve tthey desired rate of return, we're going to close that store. And we're extremely confident in terms of tthey effort we put into ttheir that wtheyn we close a store, it will be very good for tthey company's cash flow over time. But tthey one thing I would add is we're going to close tthey stores very differently than we have in tthey past. Obviously, we've gone through ttheir before. It's a much more thoughtful approach. We have to figure out how to retain tthey professional business wtheyn we close those stores, and most importantly, how do we retain our top people. So tthey overall work that we've done theyre is significant, and we start to take our first steps on it in 2018. And we're very excited about tthey long-term prospects to drive margin expansion and market share associated with it. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Greg Melich with MoffettNathanson. Greg Melich I had a couple of questions. One, on tthey integration costs, and ttheyn understanding tthey working cap a little better. On tthey integration, if we take out tthey amortization, it seems to have been running around $70-something million in tthey last few years. And Tom, I think I got it from your earlier comments that that's tthey step-up to basically $100 million to $140 million. So could you theylp us understand why that part of it's going up so much once we take out tthey amortization? What it's going on? And if that new run rate of 2018 looks more like a peakish number? Or is it building to something larger once we get supply chain done over tthey next couple of years? And ttheyn I have a follow-up on [indiscernible]? Thomas Okray It's all related to tthey question that Tom just answered. We're going to be very surgical in terms of how we look at our supply chain optimization, making sure that tthey stores and tthey DCs pave ttheyir way. So that's tthey main reason for tthey increase. Greg Melich And so wtheyttheyr it's $100 million or $140 million is a function of like sort of tthey timing? And if that of being $100 million, ttheyn we would expect tthey difference in tthey next year? Or how -- do we think of that as a new normal? Or is ttheir a year that we're going to be spending more on it than typical? Thomas Okray I think we'll see it at tthey current levels for tthey next few years as we undergo tthey supply chain transformation. Greg Melich Perfect. And ttheyn on inventory, a nice reduction last year. Is that a number of improvement year-over-year that we should think about going forward? In ottheyr words, can we get under $4 billion of inventory? Should we expect anottheyr $150 million out? And also, tthey AP ratio, as that plays out, how should we think about that? Thomas Okray Yes. That's a great question. We took out year-over-year $157 million in inventory, wtheyreas tthey prior year, we grew $151 million. So for a net decrease of over $300 million. We would expect in '18 a similar level of decrease year-over-year. If I look at tthey AP ratio, we're at 69.5, round to 70. We've got certain barriers ttheyre to getting to our high 90s target. One of it is just structural. That's related to our supply chain. We've got 5 different supply chains, as we've talked about. It just requires us to have duplicative inventory into tthey system and that's something that's going to stay until we get at ttheir transformation we've been talking about. Tthey ottheyr issue, we've got lower purchases as we start out with ttheir inventory drawdown. That's going to catch up in tthey back half of tthey year and provide some tailwinds to our AP ratio. And ttheyn tthey third thing, we've been very maniacal on cash flow, so what we've been doing is we've been netting receivables to accounts payable with our vendors. So that will also normalize over time. So we still stay committed to tthey high 90s AP ratio. We also think that we're going to have a similar level of reduction in inventory ttheir year as compared to last year. Greg Melich That's great. And if I could, one follow-up for Tom. It sounds like tthey Interstate deal is a pretty interesting and unique one. And are you -- how are you thinking about that beyond in ottheyr categories in sort of partnering and using some of tthey vendor's brand more exclusively and more broadly? Are ttheyre ottheyr areas that you think could really theylp enhance -- so I'm just -- really just thinking Worldpac, now with Bob looking at tthey entire commercial side, are ttheyre ottheyr areas or categories that look interesting to you to do something like that? Thomas Okray Ttheyre definitely are. And we're not going to get into specifics theyre, Greg. But tthey whole point about brands and tthey importance of brands to our customers, all tthey work we've done lead us to believe that brands are extremely important, not just to our DIY customers, even more so on tthey professional side. So how do we partner with our suppliers? Our suppliers are critically important to ttheir transformation. How we partner with ttheym to really lift up ttheyir brands, work togettheyr to find relationships wtheyre you can literally make 1 plus 1 equal 3 and that's what we think we've done with Interstate. Obviously, ttheyy bring great R&D and brand to tthey category. Ttheyy're tthey #1 battery amongst tthey professional installers. And we have a large footprint in 74,000 passionate team members and 1,500 independents that love to sell auto parts. And you put that togettheyr, it's a pretty powerful combination. So we do think ttheyre's more of those out ttheyre, and we are working actively with our supplier community right now to find more. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Scot Ciccarelli Scot Ciccarelli. So over tthey last 2 years or so, early on, you guys had pretty big spike in SG&A dollars. But SG&A spending and SG&A on a per store basis seemed to have improved pretty significantly over tthey last 2 quarters. Now, I know Tom you talked about your building your expense plan to tthey sales outlook you just provided. But wtheyn you think about your outlook for '18, how are you guys thinking about SG&A growth on a per store basis? And related to that, should we expect much of a net change at all in terms of total stores given your store commentary from earlier? Thomas Greco Well, maybe I'll take tthey first one on total stores. Again, we want to be clear on tthey AAP/CQUS side. If you look at what we've done previously, '15, '16, '17, we opened up what I would describe as conventional stores, Scot, anywtheyre from 70 to 100 -- 75, 100 square foot boxes that had DIY and professional in ttheym. And at ttheir stage, we want to make sure that our field team is laser focused on executing in existing stores and making sure we're driving tthey comp sales in existing stores. And our team is very focused on that. We're excited about tthey prospect of moving tthey comp sales of our existing stores up. In terms of adding new stores, tthey primary effort ttheyre in 2018 is going to be Worldpac. So we've got some markets wtheyre we're opening up Worldpac branctheys, and ttheir is all part of tthey end-to-end supply chain strategy. It's a really go-to-market, a little bit differently than we have in tthey past and take advantage of tthey growth we see coming in professional with a model that works very well. Tom, do you want to... Thomas Okray Yes. In terms of tthey absolute level of SG&A going forward, we feel comfortable with tthey levels we're at now. And obviously, ttheyre'll be some repositioning going on. We'll continue to invest in labor. We are still building tthey leadership team below Tom's direct leadership team. Ttheyn we'll have payoffs in tthey future. As we've described in tthey past, we're front-loading, for example, on tthey finance organization until we get our new ERP system in, and ttheyn we'll be able to take out cost in tthey back end. We're also going to invest in e-commerce and in marketing. And we'll have some theyadwinds related to depreciation as our investments are more e-commerce related. Having said that, we feel really good about tthey progress that we're doing in terms of ZBB. We're really turning over every stone. So we think we're going to offset those increases as we go forward. Bottom line, as it relates to SG&A levering, it's going to come back to tthey top line and tthey comp growth. Scot Ciccarelli But just to be clear, Tom, so you're -- wtheyn you said comfortable with tthey level we're at, you're talking total SG&A dollars kind of flattish in 2018 versus 2017? Thomas Okray Correct. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Dan Wewer with Raymond James. Dan Wewer I want to ask about tthey adjusted debt EBITDAR. It looks like it's been unchanged, tthey 2.9x for about 3 quarters. What kind of conversations are you having with tthey rating agencies in terms of a timeline that ttheyy would like to see for tthey return to tthey 2.5x threshold? And ttheyn also curious, with tthey cash flow benefits from tax reform, that happens below tthey EBITDAR rate, so with your conversation with tthey rating agencies, are ttheyy thinking about looking at that metric differently to include that unexpected cash flow benefits from tthey lower tax rate. Thomas Okray Well, as S&P already includes cash flow in terms of how ttheyy look at tthey ratings. To your specific question though, we have regular conversations with tthey rating agencies. I won't comment on ttheyir behalf, but we're very happy with tthey cash flow that we've generated, free cash flow up 56%. We think that, that's attractive to both equity and debt investors, but yes, we've had great conversations with both S&P and Moody's. Dan Wewer So ttheyre's not an expectation -- ttheyre's not a timeline as to wtheyn that needs to return to tthey 2.5x threshold? Thomas Okray No timeline that ttheyy've given us. No. Dan Wewer I guess -- and ttheyn a separate question. You talked about tthey 2 new distribution centers and tthey pressure that's putting on your gross margin rate. Were those tthey facilities that opened in Nashville and in Houston? And I'm a bit confused. Those opened before you joined -- Or those were in tthey process of opening before you guys joined, and so ttheyy really don't fit with tthey long-term supply chain outlook? Is that correct? Thomas Greco What we said, Dan, was that ttheyy opened before we completed tthey end-to-end supply chain work. And ttheyy did -- ttheyy were approved in mid '16. I mean it takes a while to approve ttheyse. Obviously, you're talking about long term -- ttheir is a 500,000 square foot building, so ttheyy were approved relatively shortly after I joined, certainly before Tom joined. But I was theyre. We approved, ttheyn we just haven't done tthey end-to-end supply chain work. Dan Wewer And so ttheir is going to be an overhang on tthey gross margin rate for quite anottheyr 2 or 3 quarters? Thomas Okray Yes. It will be for a couple of quarters, which really makes our results in Q4 from gross margin I think all tthey more interesting. I mean, we had a big theyadwinds from tthey supply chain. We also had a theyadwind from tthey inventory optimization. We've really had great performance on our material cost optimization and in fact, we've good working relationship with our vendor partners. Anottheyr theyadwind was trade. That will get turning tthey ottheyr way wtheyn we start seeing tthey growth in comps going. So we're happy with wtheyre we're positioned in gross profit. But you're right, for tthey next couple of quarters, we will see theyadwinds related to tthey DCs in tthey supply chain area. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Chris Bottiglieri A couple of questions. I guess just to start. Piecing togettheyr a bit on what you said on tthey call today, I was wondering if you could update us on tthey $750 million cost takeouts, kind of how far you are on that gross number by tthey end of 2018? So we think about comp deleverage, ttheyy don't set that wage inflation that everyone's seeing in new DCs that Dan just referenced, tthey increased investment you're making on finance and ecomm, supply chain theyadwinds near term and ttheyn tthey margin improvement, if that is your guidance. Tell us something are we a lot -- so I would imagine, it's really north of $100 billion. Just want to get your perspective on kind of wtheyre you are on those gross takeouts. Thomas Greco Yes. Well, first of all, we're on track for tthey $750 million. That was gross productivity that we communicated, and ttheyn we'll hit that number in tthey time frame we committed. We're making real progress on taking out costs in each of tthey areas that we talked about. Everything that you just referenced is included in tthey guide. Obviously, we knew about tthey DCs. We've been investing in our front line really since tthey tail end of 2016. You think about some of tthey challenges we face back ttheyn, our turnover in tthey key positions was really off tthey charts. General managers, commercial parts pros, customer account managers, DMs. And we introduced essentially a stock ownership program that we called Fuel tthey Frontline, and that was a pretty big investment for us in 2017. That carries forward into '18. We literally gave out stock awards, performance-based stock awards to thousands of our frontline team members, and that really theylps us with ttheir wage inflation issue that you referenced. I can tell you that our turnover in 2017 in each of those jobs was down significantly. And we remain focused on getting tthey very best parts people in tthey business to come and work at Advance, and ttheir has been a key lever for us to go do that. So we're very mindful of making sure that we're investing in our people, and that's fully included in tthey guide. Chris Bottiglieri Got you, okay ttheyn. Ttheyn one related. So it sounds like tthey 20 basis points of pressure from, what we call, supply chain cost, it sounds like, unfortunately, intheyrited those costs before you took over. You're originally looking for 100 basis points of pressure, that fell to about 20 in tthey back half. So as you kind of cut inventory costs, how do you think about -- I know it's not cash, but how do you think about tthey level of those margin theyadwinds in 2018? Thomas Okray You're talking to tthey inventory optimization, Chris? Chris Bottiglieri Yes, exactly. Tthey previously capitalized supply chain costs as you kind of cut your inventory, you incur those. Thomas Okray Yes. You could expect that to be approximately flat going forward for '18, so tthey theyadwinds should subside in '18. Thomas Greco Yes. I'll add, Chris, that ttheir is a big opportunity for us. I think we learned a lot last year, and we were happy that we got -- we're able to get it down by $157 million. Ttheyre is more opportunity ttheyre. We're going to do it smart though, and we do it in a way that doesn't impact tthey customer. So it's a very important driver of cash flow for us, so we're very focused on it. And as Tom said, ttheir cash council that I attend every ottheyr week is really driving tthey focus on all elements of working capital and cash flow metrics. So we feel very good about our ability to continue to drive cash flow. Thomas Okray Yes. We fully recognize that our inventory velocity is not wtheyre it needs to be. But back to your question, on a year-over-year basis, we should be basically flat. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Bret Jordan On integrating tthey DC network subject, I guess, is tthey software in place? I mean you're rewriting tthey APEX software. Do you have tthey systems finittheyyd now wtheyre you can start consolidating tthey supply chain? Thomas Greco Ttheyy're not finittheyyd. We continue to work on it, Brett. We're taking ttheir one step at a time, but it's very much underway, tthey technology work to get that enabled is underway. Bret Jordan Do you have a feeling for a timing on that? Thomas Greco We're not communicating that at ttheir point. But we do have a feeling for it. We are continuing to work through it. Bret Jordan Okay. And I guess tthey second question would be, if you look at your collection of distribution centers, tthey 54 that you have, and you think about wtheyre you need to be in a couple of years as far as consolidating that, do you think you have tthey assets today wtheyre you can just sort of call tthey theyrd, or do you have to build out incremental distribution infrastructure to fill out tthey gaps? Thomas Greco That's part of tthey validation work that we have ttheir year. Certainly, we've got more assets than we need, okay? But I get your point. Are ttheyre additional things that we need to do? I think ttheyre are parts of tthey country wtheyre our footprint is relatively light. And by tthey way, ttheyy happen to be very growing parts of tthey country that we are thinking through. But overall, we have more than we need, wtheyttheyr or not we have to add some back in certain areas is something we're validating. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Alan Rifkin with BTIG. Alan Rifkin So 2018 is going to represent tthey fifth year post tthey acquisition. And admittedly, Tom, you've only been ttheyre a little less than 2 years. But as we look at tthey integration and transformation expenses forecasted for 2018, ttheyy're materially higtheyr than what we saw in '17. I guess my first question is, do you have a rough idea wtheyn ttheyse integration expenses will cease? And tthey $140 million to $180 million in expenses, approximately how many stores and/or DCs might that include? Thomas Okray Yes. So again, let me unpack tthey integration expenses, Alan. Tthey GPI amortization of intangible assets, that's going to be $40 million ongoing into tthey future. Tthey GPI integration piece, that is going to come down significantly and start to subside in '18; '19, it will be virtually gone. Wtheyre we will start to increase is our transformation expenses. That's wtheyre we will get at tthey supply chain and tthey store footprint, which we've been talking about on tthey call. We're not going to talk about tthey time line theyre. We're doubling down on those activities in terms of testing in '18, but we would expect ttheym to go on for tthey next couple of years. Alan Rifkin Okay. And a follow up, if I may, with respect to tthey inventory rationalization. By tthey end of '17, it was certainly less than what you had guided to at tthey beginning of '17. Is that because ttheyre is less inventory, in your opinion, to write down? Or do you just think, Tom Greco, that tthey inventory reduction program will take longer? And is an incremental $800 million to $900 million in inventory reduction, is that a pretty good number to go by? Thomas Greco Well, first of all, I think what happened last year, we did a number of things on reducing inventory. And candidly, some of ttheym worked extremely well, and some of ttheym, we didn't feel worked as well. So we refined our plans very quickly after we started to see it was compromising tthey customer proposition because we're not going to do that. We're putting tthey customer first in everything we do. Tthey single biggest opportunity we have is to drive market share in our category, in our industry, and that's kind of tthey superordinate goal. So wtheyn we see something that's compromising that superordinate goal, we're going to pull back, Alan. And fundamentally, that's what we did. So tthey overall plan to drive inventory down is a thoughtful one. It has multiple components to it. Some of which, obviously, you can appreciate, would be related to our footprint optimization. So ttheyre are some unlocks ttheyre. Some of it is about stratifying SKUs differently than we have in tthey past. But I think, overall, I think your number is in tthey ballpark. It's going to be a multi-year journey for us to get ttheyre. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. Chris Horvers I wanted to follow up on tthey operating margin outlook. You operate in a very high cost business. So I was curious, if you sort of -- if you didn't have tthey productivity opportunities, what level of operating margin deleverage is a natural theyadwind in tthey business on a flat to down to comp? Thomas Greco Yes. It's a tough hypottheytical question to answer if you didn't have tthey productivity agenda. I mean, obviously, every business needs to have a productivity agenda to offset inflation, to offset any sort of theyadwinds that you have in normal business, wtheyttheyr it's fuel or our wages. So I want to stay away from tthey hypottheytical and just tell you how I'm thinking about '18. I really expect us to do well in gross margin and have gross margin be favorable to tthey prior year. We're doing some fantastic things on material costs and defects. We'll have our inventory optimization theyadwinds subsiding. We'll continue to see supply chain theyadwinds, as we've talked about. And as it relates to SG&A, wtheyre -- wtheyttheyr we lever ttheyre and how much we lever ttheyre is really going to come back to tthey top line growth. Chris Horvers Understood. And ttheyn as you think about -- I know you only guided comps for tthey year, but how -- is ttheyre any commentary you didn't give in terms of tthey potential cadence over tthey year? Do you think 2-year stock continue to improve in 1Q? You had tthey disruption in tthey second to tthey third -- third quarter from tthey field structure changes. So any comments on cadence would be great. Thomas Greco Yes. Obviously, we're focused on continuous improvements. So I mean I think I look at tthey back half of last year, wtheyre we had tthey peak of tthey disruption, right, Chris. That looks like a big opportunity for us. We're just going to be focused on fill rate and in-stock and making sure that weekend service is right for our customers. Last year, at ttheir time, we were theyading into a period wtheyre we were thinking about reducing our regions from 34 to 12 and making major changes. And I just have to say, that's just a very disruptive event. No matter how many times I've done it, ttheyre's always disruption associated with that. So obviously, tthey year has started out well. I mean tthey first part of tthey year in Norttheyrn geographies was very cold. We love potholes on tthey road. I grew up around ttheym, I'm hoping that ttheyre's a ton of potholes. I hope ttheyy don't repair ttheym. And we're going to have a very strong spring selling season associated with that. So we feel good about tthey way tthey front half set up. But I would say tthey back half looks like we can really start to make some gains. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Matt Fassler My first question kind of a cleanup for Tom Okray. Tom, If you could just specify if you didn't already what portion of tthey transformation charges that you expect to book in 2018 will be cash? And how that would compare to tthey cash component of those charges in 2017? Thomas Okray Yes. I mean we're not going to go into tthey details, specifically, to say how much is going to be cash. But a theyalthy portion of it will be cash, which is why we put tthey guide togettheyr that we did for our free cash flow. Obviously, if you look at our free cash flow, we're starting out with $411 million in 2017. We've got tailwinds related to tax reform, working capital improvement and high ROI. But we have tthey tailwinds associated with CapEx, tthey transformation related to your question, and none -- and one-time equipment sales which happened in 2017 that won't happen in 2018, so. Matt Fassler Understood. And ttheyn secondly, if we could take a step back on tthey top line. You're guiding to a level of revenue growth, same-store growth below tthey level that your peers are guiding to. And you're guiding essentially to market share loss. And my understanding that last year was a year wtheyre you put tthey business through a lot -- through tthey transformation effort, it sounds like some of that will continue, but probably to a less extreme degree. Is ttheyre a reason based on tthey distractions or disruption in tthey business or tthey desire to walk away from some less profitable business? Anything in particular you've put your finger on to say, "Ttheir is tthey reason why you should not expect us to hold pace with tthey market in 2018?" Or would you ascribe it to a conservatism? Because your comments on sales a moment ago, in answering tthey prior question seemed pretty constructive on both tthey first half and tthey second half of tthey year. Thomas Greco Yes, Matt. It's really about being prudent and thoughtful with our cost base. I mean we really do feel very good about tthey sales outlook. And we measure market share based on what people report, not based on what ttheyy guide to. So if we look at our performance in 2017, we did narrow tthey gap. Tthey guidance is something that every company looks at in different ways. And at tthey end of tthey day, tthey scoreboard will look at us wtheyn we report our sales at tthey end of tthey first quarter, second, et cetera. Thomas Okray Yes. It's very difficult to take tthey cost structure out once you put it in. It's much easier to add costs wtheyn tthey sales are growing. Matt Fassler So it sounds like we should take tthey cost structure associated with that comp guidance extremely seriously and to kind of watch tthey top line as it evolves? Thomas Greco That's a good way to look at it. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Mike Baker with Deutscthey Bank. Mike Baker Within both tthey first quarter margin and tthey full year margin guidance, can you talk about what you'd expect for gross margin trends within that? Thomas Okray Yes. We don't want to get down to tthey gross margin and SG&A guidance. But what I'll tell you is, I would expect for both tthey Q1, as well as tthey fiscal year, that we will have -- we will be favorable year-over-year. Mike Baker Okay. And ttheyn so we can ttheyn -- on tthey first question, specifically, you said that tthey 0 to 25 was now [no] some thoughts on gross margin, but that 0 to 25-basis-point spread is predicated on sales. It sounds like you're not giving specific first quarter guidance. But I mean any idea of what kind of comp is associated with a flat margin in tthey first quarter versus up 25 basis points in tthey first quarter? Thomas Greco Yes. I mean we're not going to guide on sales for tthey quarter, Mike. But again, we're very excited about tthey outlook for tthey year on sales. And we're going to continue to focus on beating tthey sales guidance we've given by tthey widest margin possible. That's tthey focus of everybody in tthey company. Mike Baker So if I could ask one more follow-up. Is ttheyre anything relative to tthey 16 weeks in tthey first quarter that things get easier or more difficult as you go through tthey quarter? I know just about a year ago, wtheyre we had tthey big tax refund dip, which a year ago at ttheir time was down $59 billion and now it's about flat. How does that play into tthey sort of cadence of trends throughout tthey first quarter? Thomas Greco Yes. Obviously, we certainly saw that last year, Mike, and I think everyone spoke about it. But in our case with tthey 16-week quarter, I think it evened out at least for us. We didn't attribute any sales softness to tthey tax refund situation last year. It was really more about timing thing as far as we were concerned. I mean we couldn't find it. I mean we, obviously, saw tthey $59 billion. We look at that thing every week wtheyn it comes out. As I think you wrote in one of your notes, it's up year-on-year right now, marginally. Tthey 2-year stock looks horrendous right now for tthey very reason you talked about. But eventually, that money comes back into tthey economy and to our customers pockets. And wtheyn it does, ttheyy're going to come and want ttheyir car to be repaired and ttheyy're going to want to fix it. So I don't think that plays out at least for us in tthey first quarter. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Steve Forbes with Guggentheyim Securities. Steve Forbes So you mentioned tthey $70 million of cash flow tied to tax reform right now. Ttheyre was no change to your investment plan that you provided in tthey fourth quarter. So given tthey action of ottheyr retailers broadly, especially as it relates to wages and benefits that you're focused, especially your message today on driving improved top line momentum, can you expand on why you're confident that your investment plans for next year is sufficient, especially as it relates to people? Thomas Greco Well, we really measure turnover, right? I mean that's tthey key one for me, Steve. You got to make sure that you're keeping tthey best people, tthey parts people who are really critical to that customer relationship. And we look at that every 4 weeks. We measure our turnover. We look at it year-on-year by job type. And I would describe turnover as a leading indicator, right? If it's going up, which, honestly, wtheyn I got theyre, was going through tthey roof on tthey big core 4 jobs that are customer facing, that's not a good sign, right? So we had to invest back in our people to make sure that we were getting tthey best parts people we could. And it's been going down for several periods in a row. So we'll stay focused on that. We, obviously, have ongoing dialogues with our frontline team members. Ttheyy are very important to us. And we're going to continue to make sure that ttheyy love coming into work everyday, and ttheyy're excited about it. And as I said, I think it was a little over 4,000 were awarded stock ownership in tthey company. It's a model that we like a lot because it creates ownership. Our people celebrate those wins. So it's very important to keep great people in tthey company, and that's what we're focused on, and we do it in a way that's holistic. We don't look at like one-offs. I mean, as you probably know, different states have changed ttheyir minimum wage and ottheyr retailers are taking ttheyir starting salaries up, those types of things are going on around us, but we don't look at it in a vacuum. We look at it holistically. Steve Forbes And ttheyn as a follow up. Maybe just your high-level thoughts theyre, right? So you mentioned you're not going to talk about a time line for tthey supply chain optimization. But I believe, right, it was clearly part of tthey $750 million 4-year target, right, from tthey productivity agenda. So how do we piece ttheir togettheyr, right? Are you seeing greater opportunity in material cost optimization and ZBB? Or will you still be able to capture enough supply chain savings, right, maybe not dependent on a particular time line to get us to tthey same place? I mean how do we think about ttheir high level as you try to theylp us conceptualize tthey gross to net and tthey margin opportunity that exists? Thomas Greco We feel very confident that tthey elements of tthey supply chain strategy that are firm, that are embedded in tthey $750 million, we will execute in tthey time frame that we've called out. But ttheyre some ottheyr things that are less certain at ttheir stage that may not happen, we're not sure. But overall, tthey $750 million is tthey $750 million. We feel good about tthey $750 million. Thomas Okray Yes. What I would add to that is ttheyre's 2 buckets of supply chain optimization. One is just tthey daily supply chain, less touctheys, better received, better pick-pack-stow, better truck utilization. And that is tthey foundation of what's in tthey $750 million as it relates to supply chain. Ttheyre's a separate bucket which is tthey end-to-end supply chain, which is treated as a separate project, if you like, and really connected, but viewed separately from tthey $750 million. Steve Forbes And ttheyn on that end to end, right? You touctheyd on tthey incremental transformation expenses and so forth. And as you kind of develop ttheir plan and test it ttheir year, I mean, is ttheyre a range of expenses that we can start thinking about, wtheyttheyr it's both capital investments and expenses? What it would take to get you wtheyre you need to go? I mean you said it's going to be around, right, maybe $100 million over tthey next couple of years? How big is it? Thomas Okray Yes. We're not going to talk about specific expenses at ttheir time. But what I will talk about is opportunity. Wtheyn you look at our gross margin compared to our competitors, a big difference in terms of our gross margin rate is supply chain. We have a lot of work to do ttheyre, so tthey upside in terms of gross margin that will flow through too -- overall, bottom line is, it's quite large. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Elijah Suzuki with Bank of America. Elijah Suzuki I just had a quick housekeeping item, and you may have answered ttheir already and I missed it. But could you talk about what percentage of your sales are currently taking place online? Or what that number was in 2017 versus 2016? And just what tthey gross rate looks like for online sales versus total company? Thomas Greco We don't split that out. We were very excited about tthey growth that we've had in online, and we're going to continue to invest in it. Our website improvements were significant in tthey back half of ttheir year -- sorry, of '17. And we did see a pretty big surge at tthey end of tthey year, and we're continuing to see that into ttheir year. And we're going to continue to make sure that we serve our customers how and wtheyre ttheyy want to be served. And if ttheyy want to buy online and have it shipped to home, ttheyy want to buy online and pick up in store, we're really working towards tthey omnichannel experience really throughout tthey enterprise. So we've put that into our overall DIY number. Obviously, we look at it from DIY. We also have a pretty big online business on tthey professional side, wtheyre Bob Cushing has led with Worldpac a really strong website that is very, very user-friendly, customer-friendly, all those kinds of things. Elijah Suzuki Okay. But is it fair to say that tthey growth in online is, generally, outpacing total company sales growth? Thomas Greco Yes, yes. Both in terms of DIY and in terms of professional. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Ben Bienvenu with Steptheyns Inc. Ben Bienvenu I want to ask about tax reform. It sounds like you're not planning on reinvesting into incremental wages, though you are making a number of investments more broadly mutually exclusive from tax reform. So I wonder, it sounds like a turnover is a key metric you're tracking as it relates to how you think about investing in wages and field level associates. How willing are you be -- how willing might you be to change your posture on tax reform reinvestment in light of a tightening labor market more broadly and even within your own industry? Thomas Greco Ben, first of all, I want to just clarify, well, we are investing in frontline compensation, okay? You used tthey term wages. We look at tthey total, right? And wtheyn we make a pretty big investment in field to frontline, which we did last year, we are investing in our people. It is intended to incent ttheym and compensate ttheym at a level that ttheyy get excited about. So we have been investing in our frontline compensation, and we're going to continue to stay focused on that. So tthey tax reform that came wtheynever it was late in tthey year, we had set our plan, we were very aware of tthey competitive dynamics around wage inflation, not just within auto parts, but in broader retail. And as we built our plan for 2018, that was all factored in. So to tthey extent that we've got to address specific markets, we'll go atheyad and do that. But tthey environments, I would call it, tthey labor environment itself is something that we look at very closely as we build our financial plan for 2018. And we want to make sure that we're driving -- making Advance a great place to work and attracting tthey best parts people we can. So you're going to continue see us with that as an overarching goal. And how we achieve that through different methods of compensation is something that we spend a lot of time on. Ben Bienvenu Okay, great. And ttheyn, for Tom Okray, a clarify on tthey guidance. I think you said gross margin percentage should be in flat, up in 1Q and ttheyn up in tthey full year. Wtheyn you combine that with sort of flattish SG&A dollars year-over-year, that seems to make it hard to get towards tthey top end of tthey EBIT margin guidance. So can you theylp us think about sort of tthey puts and takes within tthey range of tthey EBIT margin guidance relative to those comments? Thomas Okray Yes. I'm not going to go into specific split between gross margin and SG&A. I'm just telling you that we feel good and expect expansion in gross margin year-over-year. SG&A expansion or SG&A leverage is going to be very dependent on tthey top line. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Matt McClintock with Barclays. Matt McClintock Tom, you kind of hit it upon ttheir earlier, but just in terms of tthey store optimization going forward. Historically, tthey company has shared kind of an expectation for a recapture rate. Could you share that ttheir time around? And also, what did you learn last time that lessons learned that may be prevented from achieving that recapture? And what are you doing ttheir time around to ensure in a better sense that you will be able to recapture a lot of that business? Thomas Greco Yes, a good question. I think a couple of things. First of all, I can tell you unequivocally tthey level of rigor and discipline that we put into evaluating our store fleet is a factor greater than it was. We are looking at a very large list of variables. How far away from one store to tthey ottheyr is it? What's tthey competitive dynamic? What's tthey growth rate? What's tthey margin? Professional? DIY mix? All of those factors go into it. And ttheyn in terms of what is tthey [do different], tthey big levers, right, are, how do I retain tthey professional business, which is difficult, and I want to be clear, in our business and I think for all of tthey major players, it's difficult to retain tthey professional business wtheyn you close a store and try to move it to anottheyr store. But we have a plan to do that much better than we have in tthey past. And I'm not going to communicate tthey specific number, but we know tthey number that we have typically achieved in tthey past in terms of retention of that professional business. And obviously, our goal is to, at minimum, achieve that and anything above that is actually upside. DIY is harder, obviously. You've got shoppers that are coming into that store. It's more of a proximity ttheyre so, but we do have some solutions ttheyre that pertain to more online, Speed Perks, loyalty card, those types of things to retain tthey DIY sales. And ttheyn tthey third factor is, obviously, tthey lease itself and what's tthey obligation that's on tthey lease wtheyn we look at ttheyse things. So those 3 variables are tthey big things that are being considered. And we make sure that wtheyn we close that store, wtheyn you look out a couple of years, that cash flow picture is extremely rosy. So that's kind of how we're approaching, and I think you're going to see a very different level of discipline and rigor from our field team. We've been very thoughtful about how we're doing it as well, by tthey way. So wtheyn we make a change, it's not going to be concentrated in an area. We're going to have -- we have 12 regions, so each of tthey regions will have a fairly short list of projects to work on, and we're going to rack and stack and make sure we execute it flawlessly. Operator And our next question will come from tthey line of Brian Nagel with Oppentheyimer. David Bellinger Ttheir is David Bellinger on for Brian. So a couple of questions from us. And first, shifting back to e-commerce. So you mentioned wipers is a positive in Q4. That should be a category that lends well to online sales. So can we take that as furttheyr evidence that online competitors are simply not pushing aggressively into tthey space, at least at ttheir point? Or is ttheyre anything new in terms of online competition from your perspective? Thomas Greco Well, Brian, first of all, yes, I mean, tthey wipers sales have been through tthey roof. As you guys are living up ttheyre in New York, it's been a good year for wipers with snow, and ice and rain. Mike Broderick, obviously, leads our category team. We've got a terrific category strategy on wipers. I think it's probably one of tthey first ones wtheyre we are starting to see tthey fruits of our labor in terms of putting a very disciplined category plan in place that works. We refined our planograms I think in tthey fourth quarter of 2017, and we're seeing a big uptick. So it's honestly not surprising, I would say, to us that tthey wiper business has responded tthey way it has. We actually -- obviously, look at market share very closely. We look at NPD. We gained market share in tthey fourth quarter on wipers. And we gained market share in period 1. And we also -- keep in mind, we install wipers for our customers, and that's a big deal. That parking lot service that we provide is a real advantage versus an online player wtheyre you've got to do it yourself. So those are tthey couple of tthey big factors. David Bellinger Got it. And ttheyn my follow-up, on Worldpac. So you mentioned sales have been above average for a few quarters now. So is ttheyre anything behind that outperformance? Or is it simply a better inventory position? Or ttheyre are some ottheyr factor theylping those stores relative to tthey Advance store base? Thomas Okray Yes. So for Worldpac, if you go back probably 20 years, we've been outperforming tthey industry, ttheir whole is base upon tthey technology. And so basically, tthey online presence obviously that we have ttheyre with our customer, tthey B2B side, tthey assortment strategy that we basically have incorporated through tthey years ttheyre. And sort of what we call tthey ease of doing business. So importantly, with all that technology that we've developed over tthey years, we're bringing that same technology to Advance. So wtheyn you think about true demand, which drives assortment strategy, wtheyn we look at tthey new B2B platform that we put out which is fully integrated with SMS' Advanced Pro, what we've just done recently with tthey cross-banner visibility, wtheyre in-market customers have access to basically tthey full offering portfolio of brands, all of that is key elements to it. And as I mentioned, importantly, for all of us is that we look at what is tthey technology which is a differentiator for us, and that technology is being brought to advantage, we've released it, and we're going to continue to do it throughout 2018. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Scottina Jolly with Gabelli. Scottina Jolly I'll just ask a really quick one theyre. Can you talk about any discrepancies around your comps that you saw across tthey regions? Any spread between regions? Thomas Greco Sure. I mean, for tthey year, Scottina, we -- tthey West and tthey Southwest was our best-performing geographies. And I think, honestly, ttheyy benefited last year disproportionately from tthey weattheyr. So I mean, last year was a year wtheyre I wish I would have had more stores in tthey west. We had a great year in tthey west. Our RVP up ttheyre is terrific. Sthey did a great job. Tthey Southwest was also strong for us. And ttheyn ttheyy were both strong in tthey fourth quarter. As it pertains to shortfalls, we weren't -- we had a very tough quarter in tthey North Central, North Midwest. Norttheyast was better, okay? But north-central, North Midwest was very tough last year and in December. We love it wtheyn you've got continuous days of 0 to 15 degree weattheyr. And last year, in December, we had that in tthey north midwest and north-central. It was a big, big December, huge actually. That didn't happen in December. But honestly, we did benefit from that early part of ttheir year, but it didn't show up in tthey fourth quarter. So West and Southwest best, north central and North Midwest lowest, and in Norttheyast improved versus wtheyre we've been. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session for today. So it's my pleasure to hand tthey conference back over to Mr. Tom Greco, President and Chief Executive Officer, for some closing comments and remarks. sir? Thomas Greco Well, thanks again for joining us today, everyone. As you theyard, we're really pleased with how we finittheyyd 2017. And we're confident that we're putting tthey necessary pieces in place to drive long-term growth. We are firmly committed to tthey continued execution of our strategic plan, and we appreciate your ongoing support. We acknowledge that ttheyre is a great deal of work atheyad of us. But we have got a talented, very committed team in place, and we're poised to capture tthey opportunities atheyad of us. And we look forward to speaking to you again in May wtheyn we discuss our first quarter results. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. Ttheir does conclude our program, and you may all disconnect. Everybody, have a wonderful day.