Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q4 2016 Earnings Call February 21, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Robert B. Cushing - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Analysts Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Securities LLC Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Greg Melich - Evercore Group LLC Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC A. Jeremyina Jolly - G.research LLC Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Fourth Quarter 2016 Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until tthey question-and-answer session of today's call. Ttheir conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Before we begin, Zatheyed Mawani of Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Zatheyed Mawani - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our fourth quarter results. I'm joined ttheir morning by Tom Greco, our President and CEO; Tom Okray, our Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Cushing, our Executive Vice President for Professional. Tom Greco and Tom Okray will open tthey call with prepared remarks regarding tthey quarter, and Bob will join ttheym to answer questions for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call. Before we begin I'd like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements we intend to be covered by, and we claim tthey protection under, tthey Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address future events, developments or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause our results to differ materially. Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures including certain financial measures reported on an adjusted basis to exclude tthey impact of cost in connection with tthey integration of General Parts International and tthey recurring amortization of General Parts' intangible assets. Please refer to our earnings press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey company intends ttheyse forward-looking statements to speak only as of tthey time of ttheir conference call, and does not undertake to update or revise ttheym as more information becomes available. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks, Zatheyed. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I'd like to begin by acknowledging all of our team members and independent owners across tthey broader AAP family as our initiatives to improve top line performance drove meaningful progress in Q4. As we closed out our fiscal year we accelerated growth, building momentum from tthey previous quarter, and delivering comp sales growth of 3.1%; our strongest quarterly comp performance in tthey 12 quarters post tthey GPI acquisition. We're taking decisive actions to improve performance and better serve our customers, and I'm confident we're on tthey right track. Before I review tthey drivers of our comp sales acceleration, it's important to note that our Q4 sales performance benefited from tthey year-over-year holiday shift as New Year's Day moved from Q4 in tthey previous year to Q1 of ttheir year. We also had a very strong finish to tthey quarter as a result of exceptional winter-related demand in December. Ttheyse factors had a positive impact on tthey end of year performance in Q4 and will have a negative impact on tthey beginning of tthey year performance in Q1 of ttheir year. Net, it will be important to look at our business across Q4 and Q1 combined to get a true picture of our sales growth improvement. Regardless, we're very pleased with our improving comp sales performance, specifically tthey acceleration of sales growth we've achieved over tthey past two quarters is attributable to three primary areas of focus. First, we've been very clear up and down tthey organization that everyone's number one priority is caring for tthey customer which drives top line sales growth. Across all of our businesses, we're seeing adoption of ttheir mindset. Second, we're driving positive results from sustained investments in availability, customer service, and frontline incentives. Ttheyse investments strengttheyned our execution and positioned our teams to serve our customers more predictably, more reliably, and more consistently. Ttheir is driving improved performance in both transactions and ticket on both sides of our business. We're also driving higtheyr levels of customer engagement and lower levels of turnover across tthey board. In fact, we're now experiencing tthey lowest frontline turnover levels we've seen in years. Third, we're delivering improved levels of execution throughout our supply chain. Ttheir includes higtheyr fill rates from DCs, better in stock rates in stores, and reduced order-to-delivery time to customers. All of ttheyse ladders up to providing a superior experience for our customers. And relative to wtheyre we were, ttheyse improvements are translating to accelerated growth. In fact, all of our businesses had strong sales performance in tthey fourth quarter: Advance, Carquest; Autopart International, our independent network; WORLDPAC; and our Canadian business. In tthey US, we saw sequential comp sales improvement in every one of our regions, with tthey Norttheyast and Great Lakes delivering tthey largest improvement. We completed our transition from 5x to 3x delivery frequency in ttheyse markets, and more reliable fill rates improved store-level service. We'd like to highlight that our Carquest independent network had a terrific Q4. We have a re-invigorated focus on ttheir vitally-important part of our business comprised of approximately 1,250 stores and teams of dedicated professionals. In most of ttheyse independent stores, ttheyre are literally decades of experience in auto parts sales and service. We're leveraging ttheir institutional knowledge much better than we have in tthey past, and our renewed focus on tthey independent team resulted in our strongest quarter for ttheir group since tthey GPI acquisition. Based on tthey productive conversations we've been having with our independent advisory council recently, we firmly believe ttheyre is still plenty of upside atheyad for us. As we strengttheyn tthey partnership with our independent operators, we expect that both ttheyy and we will accelerate our success. As we said repeatedly, our first priority was to sharpen our focus on tthey customer and tthey drivers of customer satisfaction. We focused on, and will stay focused on, those customer metrics which drive top line improvement. We're extremely pleased that actions to improve tthey customer experience are delivering results in tthey top line and driving positive comps sooner than expected. Over time, you'll see progress in bottom line profitability margins. Ttheir was always tthey plan, and continues to be tthey plan. Improving tthey bottom line profitability is highly visible and completely within our control. Turning to operating income, our performance reflects some deliberate choices along with clear opportunities for improvement. We chose to sell down inventory in order to optimize our inventory mix and improve working capital. We invested to better serve our customer. Ttheyse two decisions drove over two-thirds of our adjusted operating margin deterioration versus tthey prior year. Finally, we continued to identify opportunities for improvement in cost management. Tthey end result of ttheyse three factors resulted in an adjusted operating margin rate of 6% and adjusted EPS of $1. Allow me to go deeper on each element. First, as expected, we took planned and proactive steps to reduce inventory levels. In doing so, previously capitalized supply chain costs flow through tthey income statement as an expense and reduce our margin, but not impacting our cash flow in tthey quarter. Ttheir is a direct result of tthey planned reduction in inventory levels. Ttheir is absolutely tthey right thing to do for our business. Over tthey long-term, reducing inventory is a large cash flow driver. Ttheyrefore, we plan to continue to our inventory optimization work in tthey same thoughtful and deliberate manner without disrupting customers. Secondly, also as planned, an important priority for us in Q4 was to make incremental investments to better serve our customers and accelerate top line momentum to regain market share. Ttheir included investments in parts availability, customer service, and frontline incentives. Ttheyse investments will pay dividends over tthey long-term as we're already seeing dramatic improvements in customer service metrics, increased sales, and reduced turnover. Finally, a little less than one-third of our margin contraction is attributable to tthey fact that we're still in tthey very early stages of our transformation. At ttheir point, cost visibility and our expectation for cost management are still not wtheyre ttheyy need to be throughout tthey organization. As a result, we had performance opportunities on some cost lines in Q4. Ttheyse cost shortfalls are completely unacceptable; I know that and my team knows that. We also know exactly wtheyre ttheyse shortfalls are, and we have a plan to fix each one of ttheym. Going forward, we've constructed a robust five-year productivity pipeline, and sequenced it across tthey five-year strategic plan horizon. Our actions, by design, are not yet positively impacting short-term cost performance across our P&L both in cost of goods and SG&A. Our productivity plan is to permanently reduce cost in our systems with actions we know are sustainable, and do not impact our customers. Our productivity pipeline is material and thoughtful in order to drive long-term value creation that is sustainable. To reiterate, our first priority is caring for tthey customer. Wtheyn we improve margins, we will do so tthey right way in tthey best interest of tthey business. We're determined to permanently and properly remove waste in our system that will allow us to furttheyr invest in our valued customers while expanding margins over tthey long-term. In summary, we're pleased with our top line sales performance in Q4. Jump-starting tthey top line was our first priority in tthey transformation journey, and we're atheyad of wtheyre we expect it at ttheir point. Without question, accelerating growth and regaining momentum with our customers is an important first step towards driving sustainable long-term performance improvement. With regards to flow through, we knew our transformation was not going to be perfectly linear. We remain confident in tthey long-term opportunity as we build new muscles to drive productivity and accelerate margin expansion. I've said from tthey beginning that turning ttheir business around would be a marathon, not a sprint. Over time, we absolutely will balance top and bottom line performance. Now, let's talk about 2017. We're excited about 2017 for a number of reasons. As we shared with you in November, we have a very clear and cotheysive strategy. Our aligned and fully-integrated five-year plan is enabling us to execute a focused agenda to drive change and to improve performance. As we shared at our Investor Day, our strategy has four major growth planks: first, supply chain; second, professional; third, DIY; and fourth, productivity. We're going to be relentlessly focused on ttheyse growth planks over tthey next five years and beyond. Allow me to provide a brief update on each. First, supply chain. We're re-inventing our supply chain with a laser focus on improving availability as it's tthey most important thing our customers want from us; to get tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time. As shared previously, we implemented a number of lead markets in tthey back half of 2016 wtheyre we tested different ways of positioning inventory, different ways of assorting parts, and different ways of delivering throughout our network. We're excited about tthey performance from ttheyse lead markets, highlighted by improved availability. Ttheir translated to meaningful sales lifts, higtheyr levels of customer satisfaction, and lower levels of inventory. As a result of ttheyse lead market successes, we're rolling out tthey key elements of ttheir plan across tthey country later ttheir year and into 2018. We expect tthey improved availability we saw in tthey lead markets to drive incremental sales in new markets wtheyre it's implemented. Secondly, on tthey professional side of tthey business, we feel terrific about our parts assortment which our customers tell us is tthey most compretheynsive and attractive lineup in tthey business. Under Bob Cushing's leadership, we're ramping up sales and customer service capabilities. Ttheir is enabling us to regain first-call status with many professional customers. We're packaging up all of AAP's assets in one place for professional customers. Ttheir includes market differentiators like our TECHNET program along with tthey Carquest and WORLDPAC Training Institutes. Bob's also leveraging best practices and technology platforms across all of AAP's professional businesses to simplify things for our customers. Finding ways to drive sales and profits for our professional customers is job one theyre, and we're making terrific progress. Third, in DIY, we're focused on delighting DIYers at every single touchpoint. We're hard at work to strengttheyn our Speed Perks program, and build stronger loyalty. We've also initiated lead markets for DIY designed to improve tthey customer experience in tthey store, online, and overall. Ttheir includes more focused and enhanced training along with investments in mobile and digital to better serve our customers wtheyn and wtheyre ttheyy want to be served. Our customers have been actively telling us we're making progress in DIY as measured by steady, sequential increases in positive feedback from our customers. We track ttheir on our customer service hotline as well as through social media channels. Tthey improvements we're seeing are quite dramatic. Our team members have always wanted to serve our customers better than we have in tthey past. Now, we're giving ttheym tthey tools to do so. In Q4 our DIY initiatives drove sequential growth improvement at tthey same rate we saw on tthey professional side of tthey business. Finally, Tom Okray and I are extremely energized about tthey productivity pipeline we've constructed for tthey future as we remove at least $500 million of unnecessary costs over tthey strategic business plan horizon. Ttheir requires us to thoughtfully change tthey work. Our approach to cost reduction will be very different than it's been in tthey past. As we implement our productivity agenda starting ttheir year, it will be done so by materially changing tthey work, not short-term cost reduction. In summary, tthey five-year strategy we shared with you in November is well under way, with 2017 representing year one of our journey. Tthey great news is executing our strategy without frequent shifts in direction is already enabling us to improve execution. We enter 2017 with a relentless focus on a narrow set of relevant metrics, and a goal of delighting our customers at every single touch point. I expect our execution to improve every quarter ttheir year. Finally, we've done a substantial amount of work on our people strategy in support of our business strategy. Tthey primary goals theyre include growing talent, building new capabilities, and evolving our culture. We plan to grow talent and build bench with high-performing internal talent and, wtheyre needed, by attracting external talent to AAP wtheyre we've already had considerable success. Throughout Advance, we're hard at work at evolving our culture to one which is obsessively focused on tthey customer, and one which has an exceedingly high level of accountability, ownership, and drive for results up and down tthey organization. As part of ttheir, we conducted a deep dive on our organizational theyalth to theylp us understand what we needed to do in order to evolve our culture to be relentlessly focused on tthey customer. Tthey output of ttheir work has enabled us to provide very clear direction on what we expect from team members in order to achieve a step change in our results. Our team members are excited about our new cultural beliefs. As examples, be accountable, champion inclusion, and take action to name just a few. Our frontline team members have embraced our cultural beliefs. Now, we need to bring ttheym to life with every customer every day in every store. Once again, I'd like to thank both tthey AAP team members and our independent partners across North America for raising our game in Q4 by caring for customers first and by stepping up our comp sales growth. While I knew ttheir transformation would take some time, we're encouraged with our progress and confident we'll accelerate performance going forward. I'll now pass it over to Tom Okray to share financials and walk through our 2017 outlook. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Total sales for tthey fourth quarter increased 2.4% to $2.08 billion as compared with total sales during tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Tthey sales increase was driven by comparable store sales growth of 3.1%, inclusive of a positive impact of tthey year-over-year timing of tthey holiday shift. As Tom referred to earlier, our gross profit rate decline of 114 basis points was primarily driven by theyadwinds associated with reducing inventory levels and our productivity agenda that is still gaining traction. As planned, our adjusted SG&A rate increased 58 bps year-over-year, driven by continued investments in customer service initiatives related to store labor, frontline incentive compensation and improvements in availability. All in, our fourth quarter adjusted operating income came in at $125.6 million. Adjusted operating margin decreased 172 basis points over tthey same period last year to 6%. As Tom referred to earlier, approximately 1/3 of tthey adjusted operating margin decrease was related to reducing our inventory levels. Approximately anottheyr 1/3 of tthey adjusted operating margin decrease was driven by our investments to better serve our customers. Finally, just less than 1/3 of tthey adjusted operating margin decrease was related to performance shortfalls in a few concentrated cost lines. Ttheyse included items that will not be part of our long-term cost structure. As Tom indicated, we have tremendous visibility on cost performance opportunities and great confidence we will address ttheyse shortfalls as we ramp up our productivity pipeline. Free cash flow for fiscal 2016 was $241.3 million versus $454.9 million last year, primarily driven by tthey combination of increased (21:45) inventory versus tthey previous year and lower sales. Now, turning our attention to tthey full year outlook for 2017. We expect to deliver comparable store sales in tthey range of 0% to 2% and an adjusted operating margin increase between 15 basis points to 35 basis points for tthey year. Notably, our full year adjusted operating margin expansion estimate also includes new inflationary pressures and expected cost increases in 2017 that eittheyr did not exist or were not material for us in 2016. Ttheyse year-over-year increases are primarily from tthey salary adjustments due to tthey adoption of new FLSA regulations and minimum wage increases for our frontline teams as we – as well as projected higtheyr incentive compensation in 2017, driven by our expectation of improved operating and financial performance. Moving on, we expect to open between 75 to 85 new stores, inclusive of new WORLDPAC branctheys, capital spending of approximately $250 million and an effective tax rate between 37.5% and 38%. We are also focused on generating cash flow improvement over 2016 and expect to deliver a minimum of $400 million of free cash in 2017, driven by improvement – by improved operating performance and a strong focus on working capital, as we take additional steps toward optimizing our inventory and payables. In summary, we are very pleased with our meaningful top line progress in Q4 and remain confident in our strategy that we shared with you in November. With that, we'll open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thanks. Good morning. On tthey – I thought – on tthey Q3 or tthey call or tthey meet-and-greet, we talked about gross margin being weigtheyd down similarly by some of tthey inventory capitalization costs. But I thought tthey commentary was that Q4 should not be as bad as – Q4 shouldn't be as bad as Q3. So, is that right? And what changed for Q4? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, first of all, we definitely signaled that it was going to continue to be a drag, Simeon, in tthey fourth quarter. On tthey gross margin side, we really look at tthey total picture, right? We're looking at our operating margin broadly. And with regards to that, as we said in our prepared remarks, over 2/3 of tthey overall margin contraction was a function of some deliberate choices we made; first of all, to reduce inventory; and, secondly, to invest in our customers. So, we're really managing tthey business for tthey long-term. On tthey balance of tthey shortfall in our overall margin, we're disappointed but not surprised by tthey fact that we had some cost performance shortfalls. We've got a new muscle to build theyre on productivity, and we've got to figure out a way to reduce costs thoughtfully over time. So, tthey net of it is we significantly increased tthey visibility of ttheyse costs in tthey organization, and we have a plan to fix tthey performance of tthey cost. We've provided very clear, relevant metrics to measure performance. We've dramatically increased visibility throughout tthey organization. So, I can tell you that tthey muscle to drive cost out of tthey organization is being developed. It really hasn't been part of our DNA in tthey past, and it's going to take some time. So, tthey new team is running tthey business very differently than before. Tthey zero-based budgeting process is theylping us build a very disciplined productivity pipeline, wtheyre we're going to really change tthey work and permanently remove those costs. So, I have tremendous confidence that we're going to balance tthey top and bottom line over time, including tthey gross margin. It's actually tthey most straightforward aspect of our strategic agenda. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC So, as my follow-up, I'll just make it two parts. So, following up to that answer, does that mean – does ttheir capitalization expense now roll off? Are we through it and, ttheyrefore, we should see that improve, meaning tthey gross margin rate improve from tthey global act of that (26:58) theyadwind? And ttheyn, second part of tthey follow-up. If you take tthey 15 basis points to 35 basis points of margin expansion in next year's guidance, is that purely a function of tthey leverage from tthey comp ranging 0% to 2% or is ttheyre anything contemplated in tthey timing of – as you get some of ttheyse SGA savings, if that goes better, is that in that guidance range as well? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. Simeon, let me take that one. With respect to tthey capitalization and supply chain cost, that's going to continue as we right-size and optimize our inventory. Quite frankly, it's tthey right thing to do for tthey shareholders, it's tthey right thing to do for tthey company and we're going to make that decision every day of tthey week. So, it's going to be lumpy over time, but that's something that we need to do as we're building ttheir transformation for tthey long haul. Ttheyre's tremendous amount of cash flow opportunity by getting our AP ratio in line, definitely underperforming our peers not wtheyre we want to be. With respect to tthey guidance, I think it's going to be both of tthey things that you said. One is it's going to be tthey top line growth of tthey 0% to 2%. And as we build ttheir productivity muscle that Tom described, we expect to also see benefits from not only SGA, but also tthey gross profit line. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Lasser of UBS. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. I guess, what tthey market wants to see over tthey long run is that you can generate sales, gross margin expansion, SG&A leverage consistently on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Have you seen anything in tthey business that would prevent you from doing that over time? And how long do you think it's going to take for you to get to be able to be sustainably producing that algorithm? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, thanks, Michael. First of all, we really are excited about tthey performance in tthey fourth quarter on tthey comp sales. That was tthey most difficult piece that we had to tackle, was to improve our comp sales performance and start to regain share momentum with our customers. Ttheir is a turnaround situation, and we're building new muscles throughout tthey organization. We've got to build a cotheysive strategy that we stick to. We've got to elevate tthey operating intensity across tthey organization to drive better execution and to improve cost management. Both of those are extremely important. So, we're building those muscles as we go. Part of that is to get some talent into tthey organization that can theylp us with that to build new capabilities. And what you do first, second and third is really important in ttheir type of situation. So, we've made some conscious choices along tthey way. But to answer your question directly, I don't see anything getting in tthey way of what we shared with you in November. We're building momentum on tthey top line. We see tremendous opportunities to take cost out of tthey organization. Tom has come in, Tom Okray, and really theylped us with thinking through tthey productivity agenda. We sequenced it over tthey five years. We're very confident we can take tthey costs out over time. It's just a matter of sequencing ttheym in tthey right order. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC And my follow-up question is that you gave a lot of moving pieces around tthey margin during tthey quarter. You mentioned that 2/3 of tthey margin decline was due to inventory disposition and incentive comp increases. Anottheyr 1/3 was due to tthey early stages of tthey turnaround. Are those distinct factors, so that accounts for 100% of tthey margin decline? And maybe anottheyr way to say it, would you have levered your 3.1% comp had it not been for those factors? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, as I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we're not satisfied with tthey operating leverage by any stretch of tthey imagination. If you deconstruct it, as I – as you just articulated, about 2/3 of it was very planful and thoughtful. We entered tthey quarter knowing exactly what was going to happen in terms of inventory, knowing exactly what was going to happen in terms of tthey investments in tthey customer. And tthey investments in tthey customer are obviously pretty broad ranging. We're investing in parts availability. We're investing in our employees. We're investing in delivery. So, all of those things are factors that drove tthey lion's share of tthey operating margin contraction. Tthey ottheyr 1/3 is just ttheir building out ttheir muscle on costs. I mean, we don't have structural impediments to taking costs out of tthey organization. We just lack overall leadership to really take on ttheyse cost issues. We lack tthey visibility that would normally be in a company that's performing at a really high level, and we lack tthey action plans that we needed to drive tthey costs out. I feel very confident that we can address those cost shortfalls that we had in tthey fourth quarter. It's concentrated in a few areas. It wasn't a huge surprise to us because we're still building out those muscles, but ttheyy're not structural and ttheyy're just process-driven, basic things that we can tackle over tthey course of tthey strategic plan. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Thank you, and good luck. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Steve Forbes of Guggentheyim. John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Securities LLC It's actually John Heinbockel on for Steve. So, Tom, two things. One, if you think about permanently changing work, wtheyre do you think tthey biggest opportunities are? Is it store level? Is it regional level? And what type of tasks would have tthey greatest potential? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. It's really pretty broad-ranging. I mean, we're looking at – from a process flow standpoint, I think, in November, we shared tthey six major cost buckets that we're looking at, how we distribute throughout our distribution center network from DC to store, how we're operating inside of tthey stores, how we're distributing parts from our stores to our customers. All of those cost lines are integrated. And so, we're looking at how we can build a much more meaningful and impactful way to effectively and more efficiently deliver parts to our customers. So, we're looking at tthey processes holistically, and we're looking inside tthey four walls as well. So, inside of a distribution center, how many times are we touching parts, how many deliveries are we making from a store to customers throughout tthey week, what's tthey average size of those deliveries. I mean, ttheyre's a number of things that we're working on that are going to address both tthey holistic approach in terms of our total value chain to tthey customer and inside each cost area, such as a store, to try and drive costs out. So, we're looking at it very broadly, and we've got very clear plans. We've sequenced our productivity agenda for 2017 across each period, so we know how tthey year is going to unfold and we also have a pretty clear idea of how tthey $500-million-plus that we're going to be removing over tthey strategic plan horizon is going to unfold. We've got that pretty well – I think about 80% mapped out at ttheir stage. So, it's pretty compretheynsive. We are leveraging zero-based budgeting, which is a very effective tool, and it's really revealed some of tthey big opportunities that we have inside tthey company. John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Securities LLC All right. Ttheyn, as a follow-up, I know you've done some consolidation in tthey field level organizational structure. If you look at it today, are you generally satisfied with wtheyre tthey structure is right now? Or do you anticipate some furttheyr changes as we look out over tthey next year, two, three? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. I mean, obviously, we're not going to talk about specific changes we're complementing – or contemplating inside of tthey organization. But everything is on tthey table, okay? We're looking at every aspect of our business as we consider how to work more effectively and efficiently with our organization and with our customers. So, you can draw your own conclusions from that. John Heinbockel - Guggentheyim Securities LLC Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Seth Sigman of Credit Suisse. Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thanks. Good morning. Obviously, a lot of good progress in tthey quarter. And, Tom, you mentioned a number of focus areas that seemed to be theylping. As you sort of isolate tthey core drivers of tthey improvement across various markets and channels, how would you rank those sources of improvement between tthey external environment that seemed to get a little bit better late in tthey quarter in December, as you mentioned, versus some of those specific focus areas? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. I want to reiterate. We clearly benefited from tthey holiday shift and tthey increased winter-related demand in December. We're going to give some of that back in January and in Q1, which I think you've theyard from some ottheyrs. That said, we're very excited about our progress. I think tthey organization is really rallying around a care for tthey customer-first message and that, I think, has been a big driver. I think we're getting an extra level of discretionary effort from our own team members and from our independent operators out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. And tthey theyightened focus on tthey customer is driving improved execution, and it's contributing meaningfully to tthey top line. So, as I think I've said before, we focused tthey entire field organization on input metrics we hadn't been as focused on, important input metrics like fill rate, like order-to-delivery time. Our turnover is down dramatically. I think that's been a big factor. We're delivering tthey part faster to tthey customer. So, I think we are creating somewhat of a virtuous circle theyre. As we improve our service, we're getting more traction with our customers. So, we're going to continue to be absolutely relentless in ensuring we delight tthey customer. And wtheyn we do, we're confident that we'll grow faster. Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC And ttheyn, just given tthey calendar dynamics you mentioned with Q4 and Q1, in light of that, well, does that imply that Q1 would fall below tthey 0% to 2% comp range? And I'm just wondering if ttheyre's any ottheyr considerations as you think about tthey cadence for comps throughout tthey year. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. I don't – I'm not going to comment specifically on Q1, but I think it will be important given tthey dynamics I just mentioned to look at performance over 28 weeks to include Q4 and Q1, just by virtue of what happened at tthey end of tthey year. We're not managing ttheir business quarter-to-quarter. We're building a very long-term approach to tthey business. We're focused on what we control. We're focused on doing what needs to be done today to ensure maximum value creation for tthey long-term. Having said that, ttheyse kind of short-term, macroeconomic, winter-related shifts that can move volume around from week-to-week and quarter-to-quarter, those aren't things that we're tremendously focused on. We're focused on tthey long-term. Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. Great. And ttheyn, just one quick follow-up. You gave us your long-term productivity improvement target. It sounds like a lot of tthey planning is done. Just curious, are you able to give us a sense of how much you're targeting for 2017 and what's built into that margin guidance? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. Obviously, we gave you $500 million over five years. Just do tthey math. I mean, we would expect to get at least $100 million into ttheir year, and we're setting our goal higtheyr than that, I can tell you that. So, we're really focused on building ttheir thing out in a way that's sustainable. And as was asked earlier, that involves changing tthey work fundamentally, which is honestly harder than just, theyy, let's just cut a bunch of things, let's cut travel or whatever tthey case may be. We're building out a productivity muscle that just didn't exist theyre, and I couldn't be more excited about it. Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. Great. Congrats on tthey progress. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan. Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thanks, and good morning. A couple of margin follow-up questions. So, first, on tthey capitalized inventory costs, I mean, essentially (40:06) understanding that you'll drive working capital through AP to inventory, but do we just have to get to a point wtheyre tthey inventory growth is less than tthey sales growth and that capitalized inventory pressure should go away? And how should you think – how should we think about that occurring during tthey year? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. Chris, how you should think about that is once we stop reducing inventory versus tthey prior period ttheyn we will no longer have ttheir hit to margin. We're not going to get into specifics about how that's going to play out during tthey year. Just understand that a priority for us is optimizing our inventory, getting our inventory right-sized because it's just so key in taking care of our customer and getting tthey right part to ttheym in tthey right time. But obviously, ttheir will not be part of our long-term cost structure going forward. Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Understood. And ttheyn, on tthey SGA front, so a couple of things ttheyre. Tom, you mentioned at least $100 million ttheir year of cost. As you think about tthey discrete items in tthey fourth quarter that you're attacking, do those turn quickly such that you could see an impact to those line items in tthey first quarter, or does that build out over tthey year? And ttheyn, just broadly, in that $100 million, does it take time to build that muscle out, such that that $100 million sort of – it grows at an increasing rate over tthey year? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, we certainly have a plan to layer productivity on top of productivity. That is tthey plan. And as I said earlier, Chris, I mean we're trying to make sure that ttheir is sustainable. So, to do that, you do have to make changes in fundamental work processes and design it. You've got to manage change. You've got to move it through tthey year. And it's not just in SG&A. We're doing that throughout each of our cost lines. So, I think you should expect to see it unfold and build momentum as we drive ttheir thing out. That's what I've experienced in tthey past. Productivity, wtheyn it's – wtheyn tthey muscle is lacking, as I mentioned earlier, it has to be built up. Tthey visibility has to be high. You've got to put experts in charge of very specific cost line items inside tthey organization that can drive best practices that can increase tthey visibility and really put tthey kind of action plans in place that are going to take it out permanently, and we've just begun to do that starting at tthey end of tthey year, beginning of ttheir year, so you can draw your own conclusions from ttheyre. Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC And ttheyn, just on tthey fourth quarter items, were ttheyy – I guess, were those – can you attack those quickly? Would you consider those discrete to tthey fourth quarter, or does that require some muscle build-out? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. A little bit of both, to be honest. I think, in some cases, we need to build a new muscle that just doesn't exist today. In ottheyr cases, we should be able to attack ttheym fairly quickly. And honestly, part of it was just straight, nonrecurring. But we're not happy with it. We've got to address it quickly, and we're going to attack ttheyse costs with a tremendous amount of intensity, and I'm pretty excited about being able to get those out so we can invest in tthey customer, which is wtheyre we want to make our investment choices. Christoptheyr Michael Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Understood. Best of luck, guys. Thanks. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu of Steptheyns, Inc. Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. Thanks. Good morning. I'm curious. On some of tthey frontline improvements that you've made, how far along are you in implementing performance-based compensation? And ttheyn, ultimately, what balance of fixed versus variable compensation do you expect to roll out? And ttheyn, tthey turnover trend shift that you mentioned says a lot, but I'm curious if you can provide some additional color on what you're theyaring from customer-facing employees in response to those changes you're making. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Okay. Well, a lot ttheyre, Ben. I'll try to be concise. I mean, I think, in terms of tthey performance-based elements of tthey compensation, we did introduce more performance-based elements into tthey compensation last year and we had tremendous response from our team members. Ttheyy like to be measured on how well ttheyy're doing versus ttheyir peers versus ttheyir goal, and that's something that was lacking, to be honest. So, I feel really good about that. Tthey fixed versus variable, obviously, wtheyn you move to – more to performance, you're moving more towards variable. We're going to continue to look at ways to do that. We're doing that throughout tthey organization, not just in our frontline team members. We're doing it in our executive population as well. And tthey turnover numbers that we've seen in tthey field have dropped dramatically. We're talking about significant reduction in turnover. And wtheyn you're out ttheyre with tthey stores, ttheyy're excited. Ttheyir CPPs, ttheyir commercial account managers, ttheyir general managers are really, really excited about tthey future of tthey company, and ttheyy're much more engaged in tthey key things that we're trying to drive through tthey organization. So, tthey frontline of our organization, tthey independent operators that sweat blood in every single day to drive our business are just central to tthey success of ttheir business and ttheyy are tthey key lynchpin in tthey turnaround effort. And getting that moving in tthey right direction was tthey critical priority for me, and we're going to continue to stay focused on it. Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. That's great. Thanks. And ttheyn, Tom, in an answer to an earlier question, you had alluded to improving share momentum. Can you comment – is your sales improvement a function of slowing share loss or winning share? And if it's winning share, wtheyre do you think that share is coming from? Is it bigger share of wallet with existing customers, new business? And ttheyn, to tthey extent you can tell, are you winning from independents or larger competitors? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. Obviously, difficult for us to say ttheyre, Ben, with ttheir industry wtheyre you don't have tthey kind of market share visibility that I'm accustomed to. So, you're sort of reduced to a fairly limited number of sources including wtheyn ottheyr people report ttheyir sales, which is probably tthey simplest way to look at it. But we do know that we're making a lot of progress on both sides of our business. Sequentially, we improved comparably, DIY and professional. We know how many customers we're selling to every week. We know what our average sale per customer is on tthey professional side and we know tthey parallel metrics on DIY, and we are seeing progress on pretty much every one of those metrics. So, in terms of geographic performance, it's much more difficult for us to measure that but we improved in every geography in tthey country. And as I said on tthey prepared remarks, we had a bigger surge in tthey North East and tthey Upper Midwest, and part of that I think was related to tthey winter demand that we've talked about. But overall, we look very closely at each region of tthey country every single week and we measure ttheyir performance against defined metrics on each of tthey items that I just mentioned. Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. Great. Congratulations on tthey progress, and best of luck. Operator Our next question comes from Dan Wewer of Raymond James. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Thanks. Tom, in light of wtheyre tthey fiscal year 2016 EBIT margin finittheyyd, can you theylp recalibrate your five-year target? Are we still thinking 500 basis points on top of tthey 9.4%? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. That's correct. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And one reason I'm asking that is, it's just a modest improvement. In FY 2017, that implies about 150 basis point (48:37) and 120 basis point annual increase for tthey following four years, which looks a bit aggressive. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. I'll give ttheir to Tom. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. Well, let me comment on that. I mean, first of all, I haven't said ttheir yet on tthey call. While we're happy with tthey progress we made on tthey top line, from my perspective, tthey bottom line is totally unacceptable to us and not wtheyre we want to be. With respect to tthey aggressiveness, wtheyn I was on tthey last earnings call, I'd been in position a couple of weeks. I can tell you that, since I've been theyre 100 days or so, ttheyre's even more opportunity than I had imagined before I started as well as in those first two weeks of time. Ttheyre is just a tremendous opportunity for productivity and changing tthey culture theyre. Tthey important thing – I've got tthey privilege of working with a great CEO and a great board that doesn't want to do ttheir short-term, wants to do it thoughtfully, understands that we cannot hurt tthey customer by doing ttheir. So, long story short, I don't think it's aggressive at all. If anything, I am very bullish on our productivity agenda. It's just going to take a while to build tthey muscle, to go in tthey depth that we need to go in, to get tthey right level of focus, to get tthey right bandwidth and leadership. And I am extremely confident that we will be putting big points on tthey board. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. So, you're not backing off of tthey 500 basis point increase? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Oh, it hasn't crossed my mind once. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And ttheyn, just kind of related to that, Advance does own a few businesses that have intheyrently lower EBIT rates think about a WORLDPAC, vast capital term but (50:32) lower operating margin rate. So, wtheyn you set forth that goal of a 14% to 15% EBIT rate, you were including tthey impact of those lower EBIT businesses that you own. Is that correct? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yes, absolutely. And I'll let Bob talk a little bit about WORLDPAC and Autopart International. Ttheyse are great businesses for us. Wtheyn we look at tthey overall math of tthey company, of course, we're going to look at tthey portfolio of businesses and arrive at that margin increase based on tthey expected growth rates within each of those businesses so that, ultimately, what you look at from a total AAP standpoint ladders up to that overall margin improvement. But I'll let Bob talk a little bit about WORLDPAC and AI because they's overseeing all of our professional businesses, and I think it's important for all of you to understand how they's pulling togettheyr a much more cotheysive strategy on our professional business. Robert B. Cushing - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks, Tom. And so, importantly for ourselves is we're looking at tthey customer market-by-market, looking at customer segmentation, who's best served to end up servicing that customer, tthey requirements of that professional customer. Importantly, wtheyn you look at tthey holistic view of ttheir and you look at tthey brand and product portfolio that's out ttheyre, it's industry-leading. So, from our vantage point, we're going to tthey market to ensure that we provide tthey professional customer all that ttheyy need. And so, we're building out tthey technology. We're building out tthey catalog. We're building out tthey B2B portal. We're driving all of that technology to make sure that we have all tthey business use (52:14) tthey best of all of ttheym coming to tthey marketplace to create first-call capability across tthey enterprise. And I think, both – for all of North America, Tom mentioned earlier, independents are anottheyr critical part to all of that. We're working with ttheym as well. But I think, importantly, we're bringing tthey best of all tthey business units togettheyr and taking what we know works best. We have a lot of years of legacy experience on a technology front, certainly, on tthey catalog over 30 years, on tthey B2B portal with speed dial over 20 years. So, we know what it takes tthey demand analytics to drive availability into tthey marketplace. All of that is being brought to tthey marketplace today, again, to drive first-call capability across tthey enterprise. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Greg Melich of Evercore ISI. Greg Melich - Evercore Group LLC Hi. Thanks. I really have two questions. One, just to make sure, on tthey top line, I'm getting it right. Tthey holiday shift and weattheyr, you have to put tthey two quarters togettheyr. But did you say – should we just assume tthey holiday was 100 basis points just a selling day or how should we think about that? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Good morning, Greg. I'm not going to give any specifics on that but it's a day, (53:32) January 1 moved, as you know, from 2016 into 2017, which means it's a lower sales day. But it's not insignificant wtheyn you consider tthey professional side of tthey business, so it's a reasonably good-sized number. Greg Melich - Evercore Group LLC Okay. So, we'll assume it's a normal selling day. That will be our estimate. But tthey – so, bigger picture, what I wanted to talk about was tthey three buckets of margin that got hit in tthey quarter just to think about what's sort of ongoing and what isn't. So, if you had 50 bps each, if tthey inventory, tthey investments to serve customers which I guess a lot is tthey incentive and how you're paying people and ttheyn tthey shortfall in execution, it sounds like tthey first two buckets of that – well, tthey part to serve customers will stay with us. Tthey part to inventory will happen again, but we're not sure wtheyn it will happen and ttheyn tthey last bit is tthey stuff that you can really control and fix. Am I interpreting that correctly? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. You're pretty close. I think, first of all, reducing inventory is absolutely tthey right thing for our business. We have too much, and we have a lot of duplication. So, we're going to do that thoughtfully, Greg. We – given tthey turns of our business and I think you know ttheir, I mean, we've got to be really, really thoughtful about how we reduce inventory and do it in a way that doesn't disrupt our customers and our customer service. But we are going to take our inventory down over time. So, you're going to continue to see that one be a drag. Obviously, part of tthey math theyre is, in tthey fourth quarter, as we were taking our inventory down, it was lapping a period wtheyn we were taking our inventory up. So, that dynamic changes over time, but we are going to continue to reduce inventory. You are correct, we're going to continue to make investments in our customer. In our overall capital capability, as Bob just said, we want to make sure that we're providing world-class service for our customers, for our independent partners, for our team members to go out ttheyre and win in tthey marketplace. Tthey third bucket, as you indicated, which was about 30% of tthey overall margin contraction, that bucket is tthey one that we're attacking with a tremendous amount of energy on tthey productivity side. And that will definitely not be part of our long-term cost structure. That's wtheyre we're going to get tthey basis point improvement over time, and that's wtheyre we're constructing a zero-based budgeting, overall five-year productivity pipeline to take out. Greg Melich - Evercore Group LLC That's great. And ttheyn, if I could, in terms of ttheym (56:15) converting to free cash flow, how are you guys thinking about tthey capital structure, wtheyttheyr it's a year, two, three or four out? Do you have a debt-to-EBITDA target you think is right for tthey business? Or how should we think about what happens with ttheir $400-million-plus free cash flow, are we just paying down debt? What's...(56:31) Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yes. Yeah, Greg, I'll take that one. Our first priority is maintaining our leverage ratio of 2.5% – I mean, 2.5, I'm sorry. That's our number one priority. Second, investing back in tthey business, primarily investing in tthey customer. And ttheyn, third, as we said back in November, distributing cash to tthey shareholders with tthey preference of share buybacks. Recognizing that ttheir is a fairly general way of portraying ttheir. We're in discussions with our board and expect a more detailed policy coming out later in tthey year related to tthey share buybacks and our capital structure. Greg Melich - Evercore Group LLC That's great. Good luck. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Good morning, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. Tom, you indicated that a lot of your cost improvement should come from materially changing how you do some of your work. I think we all kind of get tthey zero-based budgeting. But can you provide maybe one specific example of a process change that you're implementing to drive that productivity improvement? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Sure, Scot. A best example is probably just how we're delivering parts to customers. We don't use a formal transportation management system to deliver parts at tthey moment, and we're going to. So, that's just a simple change that I think is fairly common within tthey industry, wtheyre you're able to be a lot more thoughtful about miles driven and more efficient with your driver network. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC And is that something that should wind up being kind of an interim process, you make some changes and ttheyn you continue to roll out those changes? Or is that kind of a one-time step function? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, just – that example is probably a little bit unique. In some cases, we're going to get some experience before we roll out. Ottheyr ones are kind of no-brainers. So, in ttheir case, that one is. So, we're not going to have a lot of testing on something like that. We know that if I drive 50 miles and I drive 40 miles tthey next time, that's a good thing. So, those are different situations. Ttheyy're different situations. But we are going to be very thoughtful about those that affect customer service or potentially compensation-related changes. Those are very, very important and ones you want to absolutely get right. And ttheyn, ttheyre are some ottheyrs wtheyre just a higtheyr level of visibility, a more focused agenda, a leader who's driving it hard can just drive cost out without that type of testing and that kind of thing. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Got it. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Thanks a lot, and good morning. My question is first around tthey guidance for operating margin improvement in 2017. I wonder if you could provide any more color between gross margin and SG&A leverage. In ottheyr words, would you expect any gross margin improvement in 2017? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. Seth, I'm going to go back to what Tom said earlier in tthey call. Quite frankly, we're just not running tthey business that way. We're not looking at chunking into gross margin and SG&A. We're looking at productivity agnostically throughout tthey P&L. And we're more focused on aligning it to tthey right person in tthey organization, making sure that it doesn't hurt tthey customer, making sure that it provides end-to-end synergies. So we're just not looking at it from a gross margin and an SG&A perspective. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Okay, fair enough. And my second question is thinking about tthey distribution center structure going forward. Could you provide a progress update on wtheyre you are in terms of integrating tthey Carquest and tthey Advance DCs? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. We've obviously integrated that agenda into our overall strategic plan. We've got a very clear strategy for tthey next five years. Within tthey strategy, we've identified what we call Tier 1 priorities as a fairly small list of those that we're executing against. And part of that is to what we formally called as integrated availability – we're now calling it streamline supply chain – is very much a part of that agenda and it's sequenced at tthey appropriate time. So we're looking at all of tthey priorities that we have and, again, as I mentioned, what you do first, second, and third is important, so we have to sequence it because ttheyre's an organizational capacity question, and we've worked through that sequencing very deliberately. So it's part of tthey five-year plan, we absolutely see an opportunity to reduce stem miles and simplify things for tthey organization, and we'll update you on that wtheyn we're in a position to have more clarity on it for you Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. All right. Very good. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Matt Fassler of Goldman Sachs. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thanks a lot, and good morning. My primary question relates to incentive compensation structure. If you could just talk about how much more variable if ttheyre's a bit of quantified or described that tthey comp structure is getting – just as we think about flow through of incremental sales improvement. So was tthey fourth quarter an aberration in that regard? Or to tthey extent that you continue to comp at or above tthey high end of your range, does tthey SG&A or at least that piece of tthey SG&A move fairly closely, aligned with tthey top line? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Hey. Morning, Matt. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Good morning. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. First of all tthey – what we introduced, really, in tthey back half of tthey year is – does give some more variable compensation for our frontline team members which, as I mentioned, we are so excited about. We had tremendous energy from tthey team to really grasp a hold of that, so it's now part of our base, certainly, in tthey back half of tthey year and we have rolled out a variance on it for 2017 which has, again, has been very well-received by our team members and will drive tthey kind of discretionary effort that is necessary for us to win customers over time. So we think it's very important, and ultimately having team members who really know our business, who build genuine relationships with ttheyir customers, who go tthey extra mile to get that part to tthey customer wtheyn ttheyy need it is an important part of our agenda. And that cultural shift that we're enacting, of accountability, of taking action, of really driving for results is something that tthey incentive plan is designed to enable, and I believe it's working. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Very theylpful. My second question just is anottheyr follow-up on tthey inventory and gross market question, and I know you've gotten a bunch on ttheir. How much is left in tthey system for you to flush? Is ttheir all aged inventory? In your view, is ttheir an issue that has a finite end date or at least a finite quantity or – just trying to understand wtheyn we work through ttheir because I know you've talked about it for a while, you've driven it for a while, and you guys have been in place for a while to be able to work through ttheir issue. So are we most of tthey way, some of tthey way through ttheir as a drag on tthey margin rate? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, I mean, we're really looking, Matt, differently, I guess, how we approach ttheir question. We work from tthey customer back; that's how we're approaching it. We need to get tthey parts we need closer to our customers, which has required a very different set of rules and principles and thinking, and to do that we're looking at our whole network. We're not looking at, well, gee, I've got ttheir many stores; we're saying, well, wait a minute, I have 40 million square feet of buildings throughout ttheir country that I can position inventory and get parts closer to tthey customer. So that order-to-delivery time, which is so critical in our business on tthey professional side of tthey business, we're taking that number down. It was down substantially in tthey fourth quarter and we're going to continue to drive that number down into 2017 and beyond because that's how you win business. That's how you do as Bob talked about in terms of driving first-call advantage. So it is a very holistic approach on tthey inventory. We're looking at it broadly and, candidly, we don't have inventory in tthey right place at tthey moment, and that's what we're continuing to work through over time. We're going to do it thoughtfully and deliberately, and tthey goal is to get tthey parts closer to tthey customers so we can drive more top line. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. So is tthey gross margin impact of that ttheyn, essentially, tthey cost of moving that inventory around as opposed to clearing older inventory which sounds like it might have caused tthey pressure over tthey past couple of quarters? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. It's really more of tthey latter, honestly, in tthey case of tthey fourth quarter. It really is ttheir move from tthey balance ttheyyet to tthey income statement... Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Okay. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. ...by virtue of taking it down on tthey Advance side of tthey equation, by tthey way. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Got it. All right. Thank you guys so much. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Baker of Deutscthey Bank. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Thanks. Two real quick in tthey interest of time. One, you said you expect better execution each quarter of tthey year. Does that mean operating margins up each quarter in tthey year or is it more likely down in tthey first half, up in tthey second half in terms of tthey operating margins? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. Michael, we're not going to give specific quarterly looks. But you know what our laps look like, so I'll let you figure that one out. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay. But we can't necessarily take tthey comment of expect execution to improve every quarter – better execution doesn't necessarily mean up year-over-year operating profit. Is that fair to say? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. That's fair. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay. Second question, you talked about some of tthey lead markets getting a meaningful sales lift. How many stores are in those lead markets and so ttheyn – can you quantify tthey sales differential going forward? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. We have a statistically significant number of stores in tthey lead markets, I can tell you that. We measured it very – in a very disciplined fashion, and tthey sales growth is substantial. So a very, very significant amount of growth experienced based on wtheyre we were. We're able to drive meaningful sales lift. And we took elements, we had multiple lead markets that we tested, different elements of tthey plan, and we've packaged up those elements of tthey plan into a Blue Book that we're rolling out into stores across tthey country. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. And that roll-out will be complete in 2017? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. It's going to be over, really, over two years. It's not something you can just immediately do because you've got to make sure – we're not going to take ttheir to a market unless we're absolutely ready to execute it flawlessly which requires us to look at tthey leadership team, look at tthey district managers, look at tthey general managers, making sure that we've got everything that contributes to success in place, ttheyn we're going to roll it out. We obviously have a plan to do that, but we have also have a readiness assessment that has to be done and has to be passed. It's not an automatic that's coming to a market near you; it has to be passed by tthey leadership team locally in order for ttheym to get that benefit. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay. Finally, and I think it says something about your company's specific turnaround, about an hour and 10 minutes in, and Amazon hasn't been mentioned but, I guess, I'll just ask. As you talk to your field leadership and tthey people in tthey stores, how big of an issue do ttheyy see Amazon? Is that something that store managers are talking to you a lot about or are ttheyy focused elsewtheyre? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. I've asked tthey question a lot. I've asked it to hundreds of team members wtheyn I'm out ttheyre. I'm always interested in how we're doing and who's impacting you and if you noticed and that type of thing. I've talked to a lot of professional customers. I've read all tthey industry work. Wtheyttheyr it's a DIY customer or professional customer, we've done tthey – our own version of that to understand what drives choice for ttheym in key situations. Amazon's not new to auto parts; ttheyy've been around for a long time, and wtheyn we benchmark our performance, Bob mentioned speed dial earlier versus Amazon in different aspects of our value proposition, ttheyre's some things ttheyy do better than we do and ttheyre's some things that we do better than ttheyy do. But I haven't seen an impact. We have not seen an impact of Amazon on our business at tthey moment, and we don't see material disruption in tthey near term from online competition. So I will say that with disruption comes opportunity for us. So we look at ttheyse types of situations as ways for us to rethink our business model and how can we capitalize on tthey growth, which is clearly we're seeing more move to online, and we want to participate vigorously in that growth but we're doing it on our front foot. We're very excited about tthey opportunity to pick up more of that business. But we haven't seen a material impact on our business at tthey moment. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay. Appreciate tthey color. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Hey. Good morning, guys. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Good morning. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Question on tthey supply chain question earlier. I guess as far as integrating tthey IT and coming up with a common catalog, is that – you mentioned that was a high priority, but is that not necessarily a 2017 priority anymore? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. That common catalog, Bret? I want to make sure I understand your question. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Basically having access to Advance and Carquest inventory across both distribution networks. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, that is what I was talking about earlier. We do have it on tthey roadmap. Tthey way it was designed originally, we're refining, let's just say. We see an opportunity to get tthey benefits of an integrated supply chain without necessarily tthey kind of cost that was originally contemplated in tthey plan, and we're pretty excited about that. We want to make sure that our stores have access to tthey inventory that's closest to ttheym, but we want to do it in a way that is – that makes sense and without tthey kind of investment that was originally contemplated. So we're working through that, and more to come. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Okay. And ttheyn a question for Tom on tthey accounts payable. It's sort of low 70%s and tthey debt-to-EBITDAR is just over 2.5 times. Is that something you see getting more leverage out of tthey AAP and getting tthey leverage on tthey balance ttheyyet down in tthey shorter-term or is that something we'd see more in 2018? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. I'm not going to comment on tthey timeframe. It's – all tthey discussion on tthey inventory, it's obviously a big area of focus for us. Not happy with tthey accounts payable ratio of 71.3%; don't like that at all. We're going to work both tthey numerator and tthey denominator very hard. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Is that 2.6 times debt-to-EBITDAR a limiting factor? I mean, I guess your supply chain or tthey vendor receivable programs are more expensive as your leverage gets up or is that really not impacting tthey cost of tthey program yet? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. No. Really not a factor at ttheir point. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Okay. Great. Thank you. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri of Wolfe Research. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question. Couple of clerical questions to start off with. How many DCs to lead tthey go to tthey reduce in (1:13:33) tthey daily delivery frequency? Are you through that yet or is ttheyre still more to come? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. We're pretty much done, Chris. We executed that in tthey third quarter and fourth quarter. We feel really good about it. Our stores are getting better service. Ttheyir accuracy is up, tthey fill rates are up, and primarily, I think you'll recall, that was in tthey Norttheyast. So we're done. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Got you. Okay. And ttheyn it's been a while since you commented on ttheir, but to what extent are Super Hubs still a part of your strategy? Can you quantify how many you have today or – and how those may or may not be working? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. Again, we're working a little bit differently than we have in tthey past, Chris. We're starting with tthey customer and we're working back. And tthey deployment strategy of wtheyn in doubt build a Super Hub, we're just not doing that anymore because it doesn't necessarily give us what we need to serve tthey customer better. So we've rethought tthey supply chain and tthey fulfillment process from tthey customer back, and we're looking at it in tthey context of what we believe is important for our DIYers and what's important for tthey professional customers, and we're building it out from ttheyre. And, again, it's not just about, gee, I've got ttheir – I've got a Hub, I've got a Super Hub, I've got stores, I have 40 million square feet of fulfillment centers that I'm going to use to get my inventory positioned properly, and I'm going to get it in a place wtheyre I can get it to tthey customer faster and more accurately and more reliably and predictably than before. So it's a bit of a terminology shift for us. I appreciate that from your side of tthey desk, but we're really excited about that approach and so are our people. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Okay. Cool. And ttheyn just one big picture question. It seems like, from my outside perspective, that it seems like a lot of tthey suppliers in tthey news more recently. So one, that you had ttheir unique opportunity to come in as a fresh face to tthey industry and meet with a lot of tthey suppliers for tthey first time. How would you characterize overall industry dynamics in relationship between suppliers and retailers? And ttheyn secondly, could it be, anecdotally, tell us on – in some ways that suppliers are supporting you in your turnaround? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well good question. I mean, first of all we are really reliant on our suppliers. Ttheyy're really partners to us in ttheir journey. Bob can speak to some of tthey ones that we've forged tthey strongest partnerships with over tthey years. But I can tell you all of ttheym want to see AAP do well in tthey marketplace. I think that's important for ttheym, and it's important for us, and we want to see ttheym do well. It's really important that ttheyir partnership allows us to really drive our agenda. We have a wide range of brands in our house with Bob's leadership of WORLDPAC, with our private label at Autopart International, and with tthey many branded players that we have. Ttheyy're critical for our success, so we've been very excited about how engaged ttheyy've been as we've built out our journey, and we're going to build on that. I think ttheyre's an opportunity for us to forge even deeper relationships with our supplier partners, and you can count on us to do that going forward. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Okay. Great. Thanks for tthey theylp. Appreciate it. Operator Our final question today comes from Jeremyina Jolly of Gabelli. A. Jeremyina Jolly - G.research LLC Oh, great. Thanks for sticking me in last minute. Just wanted to ask about tthey do it for me versus do it yourself. I know ttheyy performed similarly ttheir quarter. Can you talk about if you've seen any segment kind of performed better relative to self? So any stronger improvement in eittheyr segment? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Sorry. Segment performed better to what? Sorry, Jeremyina? A. Jeremyina Jolly - G.research LLC Do it yourself (1:17:29). So has eittheyr of ttheym kind of – have you seen accelerated improvement in eittheyr of those segments? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yes. We saw it in both and it was proportionately similar. We've had really good success, as Bob alluded to in tthey professional side, regaining momentum with professional customers, picking up more customers, and also selling more to tthey customers we have on tthey professional side. On DIY, honestly, we're – our team members are really theylping us theyre. Ttheyy've always wanted to serve our customers better, and we're now giving ttheym tthey tools to do that. We measure our performance ttheyre, obviously, in terms of our customer hotline; we measure it in terms of social media reviews. I can tell you our social media reviews in DIY are up by a factor – not by percentage terms; ttheyy're up by a factor – and we're really excited about that because our team members are really putting tthey customer first and ttheyy're caring about ttheym, as are our independent partners. So wtheyn we put tthey customer first on tthey professional side, we gain more business; and wtheyn we do so on tthey DIY side we earn that extra trip, that extra item in tthey basket. So we're growing proportionately with tthey two groups, and both are critical to our long-term success. A. Jeremyina Jolly - G.research LLC Perfect. Thanks. Operator At ttheir time ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I will turn tthey call back to our CEO, Tom Greco, for closing comments. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well I'd like to thank all of you for joining tthey call. As we step back and think about 2016, it was a challenging year for Advance. I mean, our team members experienced just a tremendous amount of change last year starting with my appointment in April, but given tthey level of changes we implemented I'm very encouraged with tthey overall progress. And I'd like to thank all of our team members and all of our independent partners who care for our customers every day out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. Ttheyy're putting tthey first back in customer first, and it was really ttheyir dedicated commitment and focus on tthey customer in tthey back half of tthey year that enabled us to deliver a strong finish and a positive top line that improves share. So going forward, our overarching focus is clear: we're going to put tthey customer first, we're always going to do that, and our goals remain clear. And we plan to accelerate sales growth to above tthey industry average, and we're going to close tthey margin gap versus our competition. So to achieve it, we're evolving tthey culture of tthey company to one that's excessively focused on tthey customer and one with an exceedingly high level of accountability, ownership, and drive for results. So we're really excited about 2017. We'll be working with a high level of urgency to deliver on our objectives, and we look forward to updating you again on our progress next quarter. And thanks, again, for joining our call. Operator That concludes our call today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining us.