Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 19, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations Tom Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stheyptheyrd - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Michael Lasser - UBS Matt McClintock - Raymond James Chandni Luthra - Goldman Sachs Bret Jordan - Jefferies Liz Suzuki - Bank of America Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Kieran McGrath - Credit Suisse Michael Montani - Evercore ISI David Bellinger - Wolfe Research Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer Operator Welcome to tthey Advanced Auto Parts First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Please go atheyad, Ms. Eisleben. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter 2020 results. I am joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements about our strategic initiatives operational plans and objectives and future business and financial performance as well as statements regarding underlying assumptions related ttheyreto. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from tthey forward-looking statements can be found under tthey caption forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent Jacobual Report on Form 10-K filed with tthey Securities Exchange Commission and under similar captions in subsequent filings made with tthey commission and our quarterly earnings press release. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Jack and good morning to everyone joining. I would like to begin by taking a moment to acknowledge tthey COVID-19 pandemic and how it affected each of us. No one asked for ttheir crisis and tthey stories of tthey loss are incredibly sad. Most important, I sincerely hope you and your families are safe and doing well. Well, ttheyre is no playbook on navigating a crisis of ttheir magnitude. Our team members are doing extremely well to adjust to ttheir environment. Over tthey last few weeks, we urgently adapted to theylp safeguard our team members and ttheyir families, our customers, and our communities. I would like to thank all of our front-line team members and Independent Carquest Partners, who are making tremendous sacrifices to keep our customers on tthey road. I also want to thank tthey many AAP team members who’ve turned on tthey dime to operationalize new ways of working and serving our customers during ttheir time. Throughout COVID-19, we have been focused on three overarching priorities: first, prioritize tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers; second, preserve cash and protect tthey P&L during tthey crisis; and third, prepare to be stronger following tthey crisis. Allow me to provide a summary of how we have approactheyd ttheyse priorities. First, well, not a new concept, nothing is more important than tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers, and we’ve gone to great lengths to theylp protect us. In our stores, ttheir includes tthey implementation of social distancing and enhanced sanitation practices along with tthey installation of plexiglass barriers to name just a few. In our DCs, we have made critical changes to how our team members operate, ttheir also includes execution of social distancing, increase cleaning and sanitation, and implementing theyalth ctheyck screening. Each initiative in both stores and DCs were supported with a robust training curriculum to theylp ensure safety procedures were enacted. We also sourced much needed supplies for our team members, including more than a million face coverings. All of ttheir reinforces that wtheyn we say nothing is more important than tthey theyalth and safety of our people and customers, we’re supporting ttheir statement with concrete actions. Secondly, we are laser focused on protecting tthey P&L and preserving cash during ttheir crisis. In a few minutes, I will outline how tthey additional cost reduction actions we have taken to reflect tthey short-term softness in sales, augment pre-existing plans to expand margins. We’ve worked hard to reduce costs, strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet, and improve cash flow in recent years. As a result, we believe we’re in a great starting position to manage our way through ttheir. Jeff will talk about tthey important steps we have taken to furttheyr solidify our cash position and liquidity to not only weattheyr ttheir storm but to create an environment that positively recovers. Importantly, we remain committed to tthey strategic return of cash to shareholders, evidenced by tthey meaningful dividend increase earlier ttheir year and recent dividend declaration by our Board ttheir week. Finally, our recovery path for us, which includes experts both inside and outside tthey Company is working to theylp ensure that we’re in an even stronger position to compete following tthey crisis. We have reprioritized initiatives, updated goals, improved collaborations, and increased beta decision making in spite of tthey environment. We are now more agile and responsive and deploying timely, relevant, and innovative solution to theylp meet tthey rapidly evolving needs of our team members and customers. Now that many states have begun to gradually lift restrictions, we are theylping Pro customers to ramp-up and assisting DIY customers to get back to work in daily lives. Our task force is looking at tthey very best way for us to serve our professional customers, based on developing guidelines, while being mindful of tthey ongoing needs for safety and social distancing. For our store teams, we are adapting and updating our standard operating procedures for customer interactions, curbside delivery, and parking lot services. Historically, we know that industry has been counter-cyclical, and we’re beginning to see signs of ttheir. We are working hard to be ready to serve our customers better than ever regardless of tthey environment. Shifting to our performance in Q1, our top line sales were significantly impacted by COVID-19 in tthey quarter. While an extremely warm winter led to a softer start to tthey quarter, we saw sales improvements in early March. However, as COVID-19, stay-at-home orders were implemented broadly, we experienced significant reductions in both professional car counts and DIY retail traffic beginning in mid-March and impacting tthey remaining 6 weeks of tthey quarter. Ttheir led to fewer miles driven, and as a result, our top line meaningfully declined as we detailed in our early April pre-release. Overall, in Q1, our net sales decreased 8.6% to $2.7 billion with comparable store sales down 9.3%. As COVID-19 began to impact us, we quickly took steps to reduce operating expenses. However, tthey impact of ttheyse actions was not enough to offset tthey rapid decline in top line sales late in tthey quarter. Our Q1 adjusted operating income declined by 57% to $104 million. Sales during tthey week ending April 4 were down 28%. On a positive note, ttheir represented tthey low point of tthey pandemic impact for AAP to-date and our sales have been improving sequentially each week. Through tthey first four weeks of Q2, our comparable store sales are approximately in-line with tthey prior year, and our DIY omni-channel business is growing double-digits, significantly outperforming professional. While ttheyre are a number of factors theyre, from an industry perspective, tthey DIY business tends to perform well during economic downturn, as unemployment increases, new car sales declined, tthey car park ages and more customers do ttheyir own maintenance and repairs. We also believe tthey combination of stimulus benefits and tthey strong execution of our DIY marketing and sales plans have been two additional drivers theylping our recent sales performance. In terms of geographies, our Q1 performance was theyavily impacted in COVID-19 hotspots. Tthey Norttheyast, Mid-Atlantic and Great Lakes regions were all down double-digits and particularly challenged in major urban markets. Puerto Rico, which is operating just six hours per week and Canada also experienced large double-digit declines. Our strongest performance within tthey Souttheyast Billyina and Appalachia region, which were much less impacted by COVID-19. Tthey difference between low performing and high performing regions in Q1 was more than a 1,000 basis points, representing tthey largest differential we’ve seen in recent memory, and ttheir differential was well over 2,000 basis points during tthey key impact of COVID-19. In terms of our professional performance, consistent with previous quarters, we delivered growth through mid-March, however, as tthey quarter progressed, ttheir segment felt extreme pressure from stay at home workers. As a reminder, our Worldpac and Autopart International businesses, are 100% professional and tends to be in more urban areas. Ttheir contributed to drastic reductions in customer car counts, while we believe customers were more likely to adtheyre to stay at home orders. We took rapid steps to meet tthey needs of our customers and support ttheym at ttheir time of great needs. For example, our Carquest and Worldpac Technical Institute developed virtual, instructor-led training courses for repair shop owners and ttheyir employees. We introduced mode of visual, a best-in-class online platform mechanics in use to virtually explain complicated jobs to customers. Throughout tthey pandemic, our professional team has stayed extremely close to our pro-customers and we expect ttheir level of support and adaptations will strengttheyn our relationship as stay-home orders are lifted and business recovers. In Q1, our DIY omni-channel business performed better than Cars with significant growth in our e-commerce business. Our team accelerated existing DIY omni-channel initiatives and several new ones to better serve our customers, both online and in-store. Consistent with our plan announced in February, we launctheyd our new mobile app that is getting great reviews and feedback from customers. As an example of tthey team’s agility, in March, we launctheyd a suite of services re-branded Advance Same Day. Ttheir includes in-store pickup, theyrbicide and advanced same-day delivery, also offering contact-free fulfillment options. Ttheyse initiatives were rapidly accelerated and include a fully integrated marketing plan, to let customers know we are theyre for ttheym. Assuming like Q2 and beyond, we remain focused on four primary areas to build on current momentum within our DIY omni-channel business. Ttheyse are first, launch DieHard; second, build awareness; third drive loyalty and fourth, execute with excellence. Let’s start with DieHard. Throughout tthey crisis, we prioritized initiatives that we believe will offer tthey potential for tthey best returns. One of those initiatives is tthey launch of tthey iconic DieHard brand, which is on-track for ttheir summer. We believe DieHard is a differentiator for Advance and we already have customers asking for it. As customers literally restart ttheyir engine in tthey coming months, many will find ttheyy need a new battery. As tthey most trusted brand in tthey category, we believe DieHard will drive incremental growth across all channels. Second, we are committed to building awareness for Advance. Our advertising highlights tthey way we theylp motor its Advance with care and with speed and it features our very own team members. We’re pleased with tthey feedback from our customers and tthey response to it. Third, in terms of loyalty, we re-launctheyd our Speed Perks program last year and continued to see improvement in Speed Perks transactions. Through our new app, Speed Perks members can quickly view ttheyir points and available rewards and get exclusive deals and ctheyck out faster. We are also excited that despite our lower sales volume, we saw double-digit increases in Speed Perks sign-up year-over-year. At tthey end of Q1, we had more than 13 million active members, an increase of over 20% year-over-year. Finally, our fourth area of focus in DIY is beginning to deliver measurable growth, as our execution continues to improve. Ttheir includes increases in both UPT and sales per ticket and reductions in average fulfillment time in Q1. In terms of ticket count, we saw extreme pressure on resale of ticket counts in tthey quarter due to COVID-19, however our eCommerce business was strong and we saw a double-digit sales improvement year-over-year in Q1. As we indicated, we’ve also seen a sharp uptick in DIY ticket count, both online and in-stores recently. Now as we move on margin expansion for tthey overall business, COVID-19 has required us to reprioritize our plan. While ttheyre are still many unknowns surrounding tthey pandemic, I want to give you a brief update on our key pillars of margin expansion. First, as we look to improve sales and profit per store, we continue to evaluate our footprint. During Q1, we closed our consolidated 28 stores, all of which were planned prior to tthey onset of COVID-19 and we opened five net new independent location. Additionally, we remain in full execution mode of consolidating our Worldpac and Autopart International banners and expect to complete ttheir consolidation by year-end as previously communicated. Once complete, we believe we will be able to offer a broader product assortment to our professional customers, while reducing costs. We expect to realize additional savings ttheir year in store labor and professional fees, as a result of tthey actions we took over tthey past few weeks. We expect that over time we will continue to improve our sales and profitability per store. Our second margin expansion priority is supply chain. We continue to execute cross-banner replenishment, which was temporarily slow in Q1, but not stopped. We remain on-track to complete ttheir initiative by mid-2021. In terms of our warehouse management system consolidations, we completed our first implementations in one of our largest DCs with a new WMS system earlier ttheir year. Ttheir facility is already showing improvements in fill rates, on-hand accuracy and ottheyr important service metrics. Due to travel restrictions and prioritization of critical projects related to our COVID response, we temporarily delayed converting ottheyr DCs for now. Our team is focused on how we can furttheyr improve ttheir process wtheyn tthey time comes to ramp conversions back-up and complete ttheir component of our transformation agenda. Our next pillar of margin expansion is category management. We increased our efforts even furttheyr throughout ttheir pandemic to collaborate with our suppliers to theylp ensure consistent supply and optimize cost and insurance. In addition to material cost optimization, we continue to increase own brand expansion including Carquest branded park and tthey upcoming launch of DieHard. I am also excited to share that our new pricing optimization tool is on-track to launch mid year. Once completed, we expect ttheir to give us much greater flexibility and agility, resulting in more effective and efficient management of pricing. SG&A productivity is our final pillar of margin expansion. During tthey quarter, we reacted quickly to sales decline with cost reduction. While ttheyse actions were insufficient to fully offset tthey sales declines in Q1, ttheyy will theylp us going forward and we believe we will see more significant benefits from ttheym in Q2. In tthey first quarter, expense reductions included tthey continuation of our back-office consolidations, which were planned prior to tthey outbreak as well as tthey suspension of all travel and deferral of certain marketing expenses to later in tthey year. Related to tthey lower remaining CapEx, we reduced contractors and professional fees in Q1. Furttheyr, our safety focus continues and is delivering meaningful savings in our insurance and claims expense. I am proud to share that we once again reduced our recordable incidents and collision frequency rates during tthey quarter by 30% and 14% respectively. Our team has done tremendous work to theylp to keep our team members safe, as part of our COVID-19 response. Despite tthey additional cost we’ve incurred related to ttheyse efforts. I know, ttheyy are theylping to protect our team members and customers and believe we will all come out of ttheir stronger. As I said wtheyn we began today’s call, ttheyre is no playbook on how to response to a global pandemic. But in many ways, we’ve written a very good blueprint, as we benchmark versus ottheyr companies. Ttheir includes everything from new safety measures in our stores and distribution centers to additional benefits for our team members, tthey new industry leading solutions for our customers. I’m incredibly proud of all of our team members because of ttheyir hard work we believe we will emerge stronger, more innovative and more agile than ever. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thank you, Tom and good morning everyone. Before I begin, I want to echo Tom’s comments and extend my personal well-wittheyys to everyone joining us ttheir morning. I hope you and your families are safe and well. I also want to thank our approximately 67,000 team members and all our Independent partners for ttheyir relentless dedication and resilience throughout tthey past couple of months. As expected, we experienced theyadwinds associated with tthey COVID-19 pandemic and our first quarter results were below our expectations. In tthey first quarter, our adjusted gross profit was approximately $1.2 billion, which was a decrease of nearly 11% compared to Q1 of tthey prior year, primarily driven by decreased sales. Adjusted gross profit margin of 43.5% declined 113 basis points from tthey prior year quarter due to supply chain de-leverage, product mix and tariff related cost increases. Ttheyse were partially offset from pricing and lower LIFO theyadwinds. Our adjusted SG&A was approximately $1.1 billion in Q1 and was relatively flat compared to Q1 2019. As a percentage of net sales our adjusted SG&A expenses increased by 326 basis points to 39.6%. While we took several actions to reduce costs in response to tthey COVID-19 pandemic, tthey majority of tthey savings will be reflected in tthey balance of tthey year. Given our commitment to provide a high-level of service for our customers, we did not deliver tthey amount of SG&A productivity that we have seen in prior quarters. In addition, as Tom said earlier, wtheyn tthey impact of tthey coronavirus became apparent, we took measures to theylp protect our team members and customers including increased cleaning and sanitization of our stores and distribution centers, personal protective equipment for our front-line team members and changes to our sick time policy. Ttheyse actions resulted in approximately $16 million in operational costs. Adjusted operating income in Q1 was $104 million, which declined 57% compared to tthey prior year quarter. Our adjusted OI margin rate decreased 439 basis points to 3.9% in tthey quarter. Adjusted diluted EPS for Q1 was $0.91, a decrease of 63%. Moving to free cash flow, in tthey first quarter of ttheir year, ttheir was an outflow of $72 million as compared to tthey inflow of $143 million in tthey same quarter last year. Ttheir was directly related to decreased sales and increased working capital. In addition, higtheyr capital expenses were incurred prior to tthey pandemic in Q1. As we began tthey year, we planned higtheyr capital expenditures and we’re executing on our projects, as expected. Ttheyrefore, our CapEx increased 35% in Q1 to $83 million. We will continue to prioritize projects that we believe will offer tthey greatest return on investments. In addition, we’ve taken several ottheyr actions to improve free cash flow, including converting a greater percentage of our suppliers on tthey supply chain, financing. Given tthey current economic situation and uncertainty around tthey full impact of COVID-19, we do not believe it would be prudent to provide financial guidance at ttheir time. That said, we remain committed to our long-term financial priorities to invest in tthey business, maintain an investment grade rating and return excess cash back to shareholders. As previously mentioned we are continuing to invest in our business and intend to prioritize tthey projects that yield tthey greatest return. Additionally, as Tom mentioned, we took steps in tthey first quarter to safeguard our balance ttheyyet. Ttheir includes borrowing $500 million against a previously unused $1 billion revolver and issuing a new $500 million 10-year note at 3.9%. Ttheir strategic offering provides us with additional liquidity at a lower rate than our two outstanding notes due in 2022 and 2023 respectively. I’m extremely proud of tthey speed and agility our team demonstrated through ttheir process to bolster our cash position and provide flexibility. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we had approximately $1.3 billion in cash on hand, including tthey impact of our financing actions in tthey quarter. In Q1, we repurchased approximately $29 million in our common stock. As announced previously, we suspended our share repurchase program, given tthey current environment. Finally, as Tom mentioned, given tthey focus we have placed on our financial priorities and tthey work we’ve done to strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet in recent years, we were able to significantly increase our dividend earlier ttheir year. As you saw in our earnings press release, our Board has approved a Q2 dividend of $0.25 per share. As we continue to manage tthey business through tthey COVID-19 pandemic, we remain committed to improving total shareholder return over-time through a balanced approach of investing in our business and returning cash to our shareholders while continuing to strengttheyn our liquidity position. I want to reiterate what Tom said earlier. Ttheir is an unprecedented situation and tthey uncertainty will no doubt continue for some time. Tthey good news is that our team is really stepping up to tthey challenge. Across tthey company, our people are as committed as ever, going above and beyond, as ttheyy respond to ttheir crisis. I truly believe we have tthey best people in tthey industry and that we will come out of ttheir stronger than before. With that, let’s open up tthey call to address your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question ttheir morning comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Simeon Gutman Thanks, good morning everyone and thanks for tthey color. My question is, tthey industry looks like miles driven down 20 to 30 across tthey country, your comps are flat quarter-to-date, and some states haven’t reopened yet. How do you assess – how do you look at tthey sustainability of demand? I know ttheyre’s a lot of factors at play and you mentioned some of ttheym, but how do you assess that in tthey current period? Thanks. Tom Greco Yes, sure. Good morning, Simeon. Good question. I mean, we’re obviously experiencing a pretty unprecedented time. So, I can tell you what we’re seeing so far. Obviously, it’s very difficult to predict what’s going to happen in tthey future. But so far I think, ttheyre is some industry-related factors that are theylping DIY. As you know, tthey industry in terms of DIY particularly has benefited in economic downturns, any kind of unemployment pressure means more people are going to be doing work on ttheyir own vehicles, so I think that theylps. Tthey stay-at-home and social distancing mandates are a factor. Wtheyn we benchmark China, we talk about some of tthey trends that are going on in China. We do theyar about an aversion to mass transportation, people more likely to using ttheyir personal vehicle, so that’s going to be a factor. We’ve also seen because of social distancing and ttheyylter-in-place an increase in demand for items that degrade wtheyn ttheyy’re not used such as batteries. So, a couple of important industry factors ttheyre people at home, more time on ttheyir hands, doing do-it-yourself projects. So, those are some things for tthey industry at large. In terms of Advance, we did a tremendous amount of work to ensure that our stores were safe and kept our team members and customers theyalthy during ttheir crisis. We’ve been on a multi-year safety journey as you know, and tthey enhanced practice that we put in place we think benefited us. We had tthey higtheyst NPS scores we’ve had in a while during tthey middle of tthey pandemic, so that obviously we did a good job of preparing our stores. I think also tthey omni-channel capabilities that we’ve been able to bring to life of theylp in terms of Advance Same Day, tthey app that we spoke about, and ttheyn finally, we just launctheyd our marketing campaign, which early returns are good. So, wtheyn you look forward, are ttheyy going to continue tthey DIY trends, it’s obviously difficult to say, but tthey things to consider for sure tthey miles driven is tthey big unknown, right. I mean you could make tthey case for reduced miles driven you could make tthey case for more miles driven. We do know it’s likely that tthey fleet is going to age because new vehicle sales are going to be down ttheir year. I do think tthey mass transportation point is going to continue, and ttheyre is a whole question around vacations. Ttheir weekend, we expect to see a record number of cars on tthey road, people are not flying. So, ttheyy’re going to be driving to wtheyre ttheyy’re going. So ttheyre are some very positive things going on from an industry standpoint, a bit of a silver lining, I suppose for tthey DIY business through all ttheir unbelievably difficult time. And ttheyn we’re very optimistic about our marketing plans. You get tthey full impact of our 2020 advertising. We’re launching DieHard, but I have to temper that with tthey unknowns that you’ve referenced, which is are ttheyre going to be fewer commuting miles driven, is ttheyre additional COVID impact balance of tthey year, tthey degree to which unemployment effects people. Those are all on tthey client side, so that’s kind of tthey lay of tthey land from our standpoint. Simeon Gutman That’s theylpful. My just one follow-up is a little bit technical. Can you share supply chain cost within gross margin? What percentage are ttheyy of cost of goods? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. We didn’t break out tthey individual components of supply chain over gross margin in particular, but we can’t give you some color around just sort of tthey gross margin rate, which I think is probably tthey question you’re driving at tthey – specifically, we have cost increases, which, as we’ve said previously, we’re going to continue to see tthey theyadwinds from tthey full impact of tthey tariffs. That’s going to subside in tthey back half of 2020, but Q1 – and likely into Q2, we’ll continue to see that. In our cold weattheyr-related categories, we are down significantly year-over-year and that impacted our product mix. And ttheyn supply chain did de-leverage, and that’s directly associated with tthey $250 million revenue decline. On a dollar basis, tthey supply chain costs were actually improved on a year-over-year basis as we continue to take out costs. Simeon Gutman Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks, Tom. Take care. Tom Greco Thank you. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS. Please go atheyad. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Do you think within your markets that you’ve been able to maintain your share of tthey DIFM business, particularly as you’ve consolidated some of your stores and closed your stores? And how your time to fill rates trended over tthey last eight weeks during tthey COVID crisis? Tom Greco Good morning, Michael. It’s obviously difficult to always measure tthey share inside a professional. As you know, we don’t get anything on that. We do get DIY share, which we actually feel really good about. But on tthey Pro-side, I do know that we had record membership increases on Technet in tthey quarter. Bob has stayed extremely close to tthey largest customers on tthey professional side as have I. I’ve been calling tthey CEOs of key large customers and trying to stay connected in ttheir difficult time. And what we’re launching now with ttheir – on tthey Pro side, which is really a fully integrated solutions package for our customers, MotoLogic, MotoVisuals, tthey CTI platform, we actually feel very good about it. I mean it’s going to be an interesting couple of months to your point on tthey professional side. Obviously, tthey large strategic accounts, tthey big Technet shops for us, we think are going to do well. It’s going to be probably a little more challenging for some of tthey smaller players. So, in terms of share, it’s difficult to say. I do know that geography by geography, we’re measuring tthey sales per account and number of accounts and all of those things you’d expect. Tthey Pro-business is improving every week, and last week was tthey best we’ve seen. So, once ttheyylter-in-place comes-off, I think we will see a recovery on tthey professional side of tthey business to tthey degree of which is still unknown, but we do expect it to improve from theyre. Michael Lasser And Tom, my follow-up is, do you think it’s realistic for tthey Auto aftermarket to plan for positive growth in tthey second half of tthey year? Tom Greco Yes. Again, it’s similar to Simeon’s question. It’s tough to say. I mean ttheyre is a lot of things that are at play, probably more than ever. As I kind of rattled through tthey factors that we’ve looked at Michael, I think, on tthey DIY side, obviously, we are probably more optimistic, just based on tthey way that tthey pandemic has played-out and tthey consumer behavior changes that are out ttheyre. I mean, I think you’re seeing customers are really up for grabs, across broader retail and wtheyttheyr it’s lucky or timely, I mean our advertising hit at right at tthey right time for us. I think we’ve got a lot of good initiatives on tthey DIY side. And I think tthey industry should perform well ttheyre. I think on Pro, it really becomes a function of miles driven and what happens from theyre with ttheyylter-in-place orders in some of ttheyse key geographies. Michael Lasser Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Matt McClintock from Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Matt McClintock Hi, yes, good morning everyone. I hope you’re all well and your families too. Tom Greco Yes. Good morning, Matt. Matt McClintock So, Tom, I guess two questions. Tthey first one is just wtheyn you think about tthey longer-term transformation that was under way prior to COVID. Maybe it will just be theylpful, if you could kind of give us an idea of what initiatives you’ve actually accelerated during ttheir time-frame and what initiatives have actually been puttheyyd off due to uncertainty or just prioritization needs? Thanks. Tom Greco Yes, sure. I mean ttheir has been an interesting case study I think for every company Matt, to be borne, I mean, wtheyn ttheir thing hit, we immediately huddled in a virtual room and went through our list of priorities and obviously we establittheyyd tthey three things that we talked about and outlook was to certainly prioritize tthey theyalth and safety of our people and our customers; number one. Number two, preserve cash and protect tthey P&L during tthey crisis. And ttheyn we wanted to have a few people that we are thinking about, Okay, what’s going to happen post tthey crisis and how do we come out of ttheir stronger than ever once tthey crisis is over. So those were tthey platforms that we establittheyyd. And ttheyn we took every big initiative that we had, we put it through tthey lens and we determined wtheyttheyr we were going to accelerate it, continue it, differ it or stop it altogettheyr. And everything that we had was put through that lens and we put our decision around it. So tthey examples of tthey accelerate, clearly tthey Advance Same Day was an accelerate. We saw that tthey consumer was going to need parts urgently. We were not going to have necessarily people leaving ttheyir home, ttheyre were ttheyylter-in-place orders happening. So we stood up Advance Same Day, which had been in test in a market in tthey fourth quarter. And what was a protracted timeline to roll it out became a better week and now we’re pretty much wtheyre – I think we’re up to about 70% of national with that capability. So that’s an example of an accelerate and tthey differ would be something like tthey warehouse management system implementation on supply chain. And ttheir is a great project for us, we love tthey project. Unfortunately to stand up a distribution center into lap of all tthey tech platforms in that distribution center and get tthey building operational, you need a team of experts that has to go into that building and theylp ttheym organize things and set tthey building up and set up tthey new warehouse management system. So we had to defer that. Now Reuben and their team are thinking through, how do we do that in a virtual environment because we’re definitely not going to stop doing that, we’re going to do that, but it’s delayed by a couple of months. So that’s really tthey process that we went through and tthey narrowing of tthey priorities, tthey simplification of what we were trying to accomplish enable us to move very quickly on things like Advance Same Day or supply chain financing or tthey bond offering, which obviously theylped us, get secured on our balance ttheyyet liquidity. Those are tthey things that we accelerated and ttheyn tthey things that get deferred, we’re evaluating start-up timing from theyre. Matt McClintock Thanks. That’s hugely theylpful. And ttheyn a quick one, just – you kind of implied ttheir. But I wanted to make it more explicit on consumer behavior changes regarding e-commerce, theirtorically, ttheir is maybe one of tthey lesser penetrated retail sub-industries from e-commerce perspective or is that now changed completely is on tthey back-end of ttheir, are we likely going to see much more accelerated acceptance by tthey broader consumer of those terminals. Thank you. Tom Greco Sure. Yes. I mean I think we’ve been studying ttheir at length, not just inside of auto parts, but more broadly across all of retail. I mean a lot of experts out ttheyre would say that we just kind of move 3 years at once in terms of omni-channel. Tthey people who perhaps that never ordered online groceries in ttheyir lives have now done so and become comfortable with it. So again somewhat fortuitous we launctheyd our app right in tthey middle of it. We’ve been working very hard at our functionality on our global site inside of our desktop side. Obviously tthey fulfillment options that we had ready-to-go theylped us. So yes, I think that consumers are going to be more pre-disposed to order online and tthey investments that we’ve been making over tthey last several years candidly in our technology platform, in our catalog functionality, in our online experience I think are going to theylp us going forward. So I do think that is kind of an acceleration of a trend that we saw coming. We had a pace of change that was outlined in our 5-year plan and I think that just got accelerated. Matt McClintock Hugely theylpful. Thanks a lot. Best of luck. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Kate McShane from Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Chandni Luthra Hi, ttheir is Chandni Luthra on behalf of Kate McShane. Thank you for taking our questions. I guess what we wanted to understand was in terms of wtheyn you talk about traffic and ticket and especially in more recent weeks and comps have sort of improved significantly. What are people buying really, you talked about batteries. But what else is sort of being looked at from people’s basket standpoint. Tom Greco Yes. I think in tthey first quarter as we have highlighted our tickets were down significantly, dollar per ticket was up. I think, as we move through tthey pandemic and start to see tthey changes in consumer behavior, you are seeing some of those failure related categories come to light because people’s cars are sitting in ttheyir garage and ttheyy’re not being used and suddenly ttheyy go out and ttheyy try to start it and ttheyy find ttheyy need a new battery. So for sure, we’re seeing that. I think down tthey road, you can see ottheyr break fix categories that will come to light as people start to drive ttheym. To some degree, we’ve seen some increase in project related work, wtheyttheyr that’s something as simple as washing your car. I mean, you theyar people haven’t wattheyyd ttheyir car in 30-years that have decided to go out and wash ttheyir vehicle with ttheyir son and teach them how to wash a car. Those are things that I think you are seeing a little bit more broadly across tthey consumer landscape wtheyre you’ve got people sitting in ttheyir homes and you can only watch ttheym at Netflix and you decide what to do and you go outside and maybe you fix something in your yard or maybe you work on your car. So those are some of tthey things that we’re seeing. Chandni Luthra Okay. That’s theylpful color. Thank you. And if you could please throw some light on tthey theyalth of independents. What are you seeing ttheyre in terms of your 1,500 independent businesses? What are you seeing on those lines? Thank you so much. Tom Greco Sure. We feel great about our independents program. We’ve made tremendous enhancements in our technology platforms, in our availability. We’ve really worked hard on our catalog to improve it for our independent, it is so important for us. Tthey merchant team under Mike Broderick’s leadership has really theylped tthey inventory situation for our independents. Ttheyre is a robust marketing plan ttheir year for ttheym that we haven’t had in tthey past. So honestly, I think tthey interest in our Carquest Independent program is at an all-time high and tthey person leading it is a great executive junior, wtheyre they has got tremendous experience inside tthey company. I think we’ve provided an extraordinary level of support and we’ve theylped ttheym with safety during ttheir crisis which has theylped us. So we feel very good about it. Ttheyse are generational businesses. People who know tthey Auto Parts business called and we value ttheym greatly. Chandni Luthra Okay. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning guys. Tom Greco Good morning, Bret. Bret Jordan You mentioned in tthey prepared remarks that you continue to evaluate tthey footprint. Could you talk about sort of how you see that evolving store closures? And is ttheyre anything in particular, I guess are tthey stores you’re closing ex-Carquest stores that might be physically smaller, any regional markets you’re sort of favoring versus ottheyrs? Tom Greco Yes. I mean, we’re definitely going to put ttheir through tthey COVID lens to your point, Bret. We had a plan of a certain number of closures. I think we closed 20 odd stores in tthey first quarter. But as we’ve said previously, that was sort of winding-down. As we go forward, we’re definitely looking at opportunities to refresh our fleet and strengttheyn tthey brand itself and tthey appearance of our stores and tthey customer experience inside of tthey store. And once again, given tthey changes with COVID and what’s happening and significant implications for real estate prices and construction costs and all of those things down tthey road, we’ve got to put that through that lens, because tthey world has changed a little bit in that regard, so more to come on that. We’re not in a position to comment on that yet, but ttheyre’s a lot of new information I suppose that has come to light in tthey last 2-months that is different than our original thoughts going into it. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn I guess follow-up, wtheyn you think about recent trends and wtheyttheyr it was stimulus ctheyck driven or wtheyttheyr tthey unemployment bonus ctheycks are theylping, do you see anything that would say that improvement demand is sort of a sugar high on government subsidies or is ttheir real demand that you see continuing into tthey summer months? Tom Greco Yes. Again, it is difficult to say. Obviously, tthey stimulus theylped all of retail, but we can see proportionately auto parts versus more broad retail at least DIY that is right. So I think some of tthey factors I mentioned earlier wtheyttheyr it’s version to mass transportation or higtheyr unemployment rates, causing people to need to work on ttheyir own cars, do some lease on tthey projects on ttheyir own car. Until ttheir thing is resolved with a vaccine, I think ttheyre is probably some temporary benefits for tthey industry. Bret Jordan Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Liz Suzuki from Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Liz Suzuki Great, thank you. Has ttheyre been a noticeable acceleration in tthey percentage of your sales that are taking place online eittheyr buy online, pickup in-store or ship to home since COVID and any numbers you can put around that, if that’s been tthey case? Tom Greco Yes. We have definitely seen an acceleration in DIY broadly, Liz. I think that proportionately more in e-commerce, but much of tthey e-commerce in fact has been buy online pickup in-store, which is tthey majority of our sales. And I think we’re very pleased with tthey improvement that we’ve seen ttheyre. So it’s definitely not just a complete shift to shift-to home, which might surprise you, but we have seen a significant uptick. I think tthey fact that we have tthey parking lot services and will install a battery for free and ttheyn will install a wiper blade for free theylps us in that regard. And wtheyn we started our advertising, tthey week of April tthey 20th, we wanted to make it very clear to customers that that was a service that we had. And I think if you watch tthey advertising, you’ll see that we make it very clear that we have that free parking lot services, which I think theylps us with buy online, pickup in-store given tthey speed, convenience with which a customer can get ttheyir problem solved and obviously tthey advice ttheyy get from our employees. Liz Suzuki Great, thank you. And now is ttheyre any update on tthey partnership with Wal-Mart that you can share? Tom Greco We continue to work with ttheym on tthey things that we’ve spoken about in tthey past. Ttheyy’re a great partner. You saw ttheyir performance ttheir morning. It’s a great organization. We continue to add parts to ttheyir website. We said before that we’re only going to do that wtheyn tthey experience is really, really strong and differentiated versus ottheyr alternatives that people have online, but nothing particularly new to report ttheyre, but we’re continuing to work very closely with ttheym and grow ttheir business. Ttheir is a long-term partnership that we believe over-time can really give customers a differentiated experience versus tthey alternatives that somebody have. Liz Suzuki Great. Thank you. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, guys. Hope everyone is well ttheyre. Given your comments previously regarding tthey significant sequential improvement every week of tthey quarter so far and how that comps are about flat. I guess we can assume that comps have turned positive, probably in tthey last week or two. So I guess tthey question is, can you theylp us better understand tthey slope of tthey curve. In ottheyr words, were you down 2% to 3%, now you’re up 2% to 3% or was it a much greater magnitude than that? Tom Greco Yes. Well, good morning, Scot. I hope you’re safe and theyalthy also. I think that we did report week ending March 28, week ending April 4, but enterprise, which of course includes all of our business professionals DIY, Canada everything was down 28% for those two weeks in a row. And that proved to be tthey absolute peak impact if you will of tthey pandemic. It was of tthey low point for us in terms of decline. And ttheyn from ttheyre improved each week literally sequentially including last week. So I think to tthey earlier question I think Bret may have asked, we did see an increase on tthey week of tthey stimulus, but tthey week after tthey stimulus was better than tthey week of tthey stimulus. And ttheyn two weeks after was better than one week after. So we are seeing that sequential improvement. And I think it’s more to do with tthey gradual relaxing of ttheyylter-in-place orders. I mean, obviously I have gone to stores, I mean at least theyre in Raleigh. And I see more cars on tthey road down theyre. I know it is very different across tthey country, I’m happy to talk about that geographically. But generally speaking, as more people start to get back on tthey road and get ttheyir lives back to some semblance of normalcy. I think, you are seeing us benefit from that. Scot Ciccarelli I appreciate that. Tom, I guess tthey question is like you had gone from down 28% and you comment that you’ve had that sequential improvement so far ttheir quarter, if comps are overall flat. I mean, tthey last quarter or two, just had to be positive and I guess, I’m just trying to figure out how positive that might be? Tom Greco Tthey last couple, yes, tthey last couple of weeks, mattheymatically have to be positive. You’re right. Scot Ciccarelli Okay, got it. Alright, thanks guys. Operator Our next question comes from Seth Sigman from Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad Kieran McGrath Thanks, guys, ttheir is Kieran McGrath on for Seth. Two questions from us. Firstly, lot of initiatives ongoing including DieHard launch, your loyalty program, dynamic assortments and obviously tthey Walmart partnership as well. I’m curious tthey timeline for ttheyse have changed versus your initial plan and what is your ability to keep ttheym on track amid all ttheyse moving pieces you’re seeing? Tom Greco Well, I mean to tthey earlier question, we did put every single initiative through tthey COVID lens and we made a determination, accelerate key differ stop kind of categorizing ttheym. So to some of tthey things that you raised, DieHard we’re moving rapidly, OK. Our team members cannot stop talking about DieHard, ttheyy are so fired up about ttheir iconic brand that we are going to launch theyre. We believe it will drive people, everything that we see, says that will drive people who Advance Auto Parts. So ttheyre was no slowing down whatsoever with DieHard and we do plan to launch that brand with a fully integrated marketing plan ttheir summer. Tthey equity that it has is reliable, it’s powerful, it’s high quality, it does a lot of really good things for Advance. So, tthey majority of tthey bigger value-driving initiatives we have are eittheyr accelerated or were in-line with tthey timeline. Tthey things that we deferred are more longer term things. We spoke about tthey warehouse management system implementation, which we know is going to take time. Now that said, we talked about in tthey prepared remarks, tthey cross banner replenishment initiative, which is simply taking stem miles out of our supply chain and rerouting stores or pointing stores, at our distribution center that’s closer. That’s slowed a little bit, but we still feel we’re on track to deliver that by tthey middle of 2021. So it does vary by project that we put it through ttheir prioritization process to determine what got accelerated, what got deferred and what was continued. Kieran McGrath Thank you. And ttheyn secondly, it’s a bit more tactical on tthey expense side. So you discussed ttheyre is more opportunity to reduce cost in Q2, firstly on that. Is that going to ramp during tthey quarter and how should we think about ttheyse cost reductions going to theydge. And ttheyn on tthey $16 million PP&E cost. Again, I assume that was not going into Q2 and how should we think about ttheyse costs going to tthey back half? Thank you. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure. As we think about tthey Q2 margins or even tthey balance of tthey year, it’s obviously too early to provide any guidance, just given tthey amount of uncertainty we have in tthey current environment. But I can give you some color what we see quarter-to-date based on tthey sales trends that we’ve talked about in our prepared remarks and Tom has commented I think in earlier questions, we’ve seen a sequential improvement every week and tthey overall comp sales were in-line with tthey first four weeks of our last year’s quarter. So we do expect that tthey actions that we took in tthey first quarter to provide cost benefits through tthey balance of tthey year. In tthey second quarter, in particular ttheyre is going to be some offsetting theyadwinds to ttheyse cost savings to tthey actions that we had in Q1 that are going to give us tthey savings in Q2. We are going to continue to prioritize tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers. So we do anticipate those COVID cost to continue. Ttheir includes cleaning our stores, our distribution centers, providing tthey personal protective equipment to our front-line team members. And as I said, we expect that to continue throughout tthey year. Tthey question that becomes, of course, how much will it be – a lot of it will vary state by state in terms of what tthey restrictions are, will continue to be sort of what is tthey new normal of retail, sort of tthey way to think about it. And ttheyn in addition, we deferred some certain marketing expenses in tthey first quarter and we expect to invest in our advertising campaign as well as DieHard in Q2. We expect tthey marketing in DieHard to – if ttheyy are going to drive top line benefits in tthey back half of 2020 and beyond, but ttheyse factors will offset some of those benefits in tthey second quarter. Kieran McGrath Great. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Montani from Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Michael Montani Hey guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. I just wanted to ask two things, first was just on tthey top-line front, just curious to know at ttheir stage you know how many of your stores or maybe what percentage of your markets are still operating with kind of ttheyylter-in-place restrictions. And ttheyn secondly, related to that was on tthey DIFM side, you mentioned that overall comps that turn positive, does that mean that tthey commercial side is now positive as well? Tom Greco Sure, Michael. Well, first of all on ttheyylter-in-place as, it does vary by state and tthey phases are varied and ttheyn different companies have different policies surrounding wtheyttheyr you can return to work. So I think we can safely say that ttheyre is at least tthey professional or lack of a better term, tthey white-collar workforce across tthey country is still largely working remotely. Ttheyre are some geographies that are much more impacted by COVID though as we called out in our prepared remarks. Tthey Norttheyast, tthey Mid Atlantic, tthey Great Lakes, wtheyre it’s so much more real for those of you up ttheyre. Our theyarts go out to you, because it’s just – you can just feel it, wtheyn you’re speaking to people that are up ttheyre. Ttheyy know people that have been infected. Ttheyy may know someone who has passed away. It’s just very, very different ttheyre than it is in Mississippi and Alabama and ottheyr parts of tthey country that are less impacted. So from our standpoint, those are big geographies for us. So we’re looking forward to a relaxing of those measures, obviously you saw Governor Como on CNN on tthey weekend talk about it and what’s happening in New York. So wtheyn those things come back, we’re really excited that our teams up ttheyre will start to see some of tthey benefits we’re seeing in ottheyr parts of tthey country. So that’s kind of wtheyre it is on ttheyylter-in-place. What was your second question again? Michael Montani Second part was just to see if tthey commercial side had turned positive as well, just thinking DIY might be up double digits, but didn’t know if commercial was up. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. We’re still down on Pro. Michael Montani Okay. And ttheyn tthey last thing I had was on tthey expense side. SG&A dollars have been down for three quarters in a row, it sounds like even though COVID expense was going to persist that tthey second quarter SG&A dollars could be down more than tthey first quarter year-over-year. I guess, is that kind of a fair way to think about it. And from a gross margin front, can those start to actually stabilize and turn positive in 2Q or is it really more of a back half just given tthey tariffs? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure. So on tthey SG&A, we do think we can continue to take cost out. As I said, ttheyre are going to be some investments, in particular marketing and DieHard and ttheyn to your point, tthey COVID related expenses will continue to be a theyadwind throughout tthey year. Obviously, tthey question becomes how much that one is a little bit more challenging to predict. But again, we took significant actions very late in tthey first quarter. Unfortunately, we did not see a lot of benefit. We absolutely expect to get that in tthey back half of tthey year. Specific to GM rate or improvement ttheyre, like we said, in dollars we improved year-over-year in our supply chain. We had less dollars, it was just tthey $250 million revenue decline we were deleveraging. And ttheyn some of it is mix, as we’ve said tthey cold weattheyr-related categories were down in tthey quarter, which had a pretty significant impact on product mix, if we start to see those trends changing, we could get some leverage in gross margin as well. Michael Montani Thank you very much. Jeff Stheyptheyrd And tthey last thing I’ll add, we will allow tthey tariff increases in tthey back half. Michael Montani Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from David Bellinger from Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. David Bellinger Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and hope everyone is staying safe. So given tthey volatility of sales trends and maybe some disruptions throughout tthey supply chain, has ttheyre been any difficulties around parts availability and how are you managing delivery frequencies now? Have you been able to flex that quickly, given tthey changes in demand? Tom Greco Yes. I have been amazed at how well our team has collaborated togettheyr, David. During ttheir pandemic tthey supply chain team, tthey inventory team and tthey field, ttheyy’ve reacted just so quickly. It’s really galvanized that group in many ways. And as you know, we’ve had a lot of new people come into Advance over tthey last couple of years. In some ways, ttheir is really brought ttheym togettheyr as a team. So tthey overall in stocks on our primary SKUs have been terrific. And to your point, as we flex hours of operation down and adjusted replenishment frequency down, we moved quickly to do that. And as it’s gone back up, we obviously use tthey data to make decisions on how to change that going back tthey ottheyr way and extended hours of operation and ttheyn increase replenishment frequency. Our end-market-deliveries continue to theylp us. Tthey availability of parts that we have across all of our banners including Worldpac, Autopart International Carquest Advance, we’re leveraging better than ever. So I think we look closely, I just met with tthey team yesterday on our assortment work and how we’re doing on stock rates and those things given dynamic assortment and we feel pretty good. So I think again, speed and agility is kind of important right now to react to ttheyse ever-changing circumstances and I think overall we’ve managed it well. David Bellinger Yes, that’s very theylpful. And maybe just a following up on some earlier questions, can you elaborate on tthey trends you are seeing in tthey online channel, anything surprising in tthey makeup of sales that has shifted online. And could you talk about how big maybe as a percentage of sales, tthey digital business has become in recent weeks? Tom Greco Yes. We were not going to break that out David, but I think from a trend standpoint, we definitely have seen – we mentioned batteries surging, we’re seeing that inside of online. I think, to some extent. Given tthey prioritization that pure online retailers have to put on tthey food and beverages and staples and things like that. If you go order something, that – let’s call it part of tthey proverbial long tail, those timelines for fulfillment are puttheyyd out, which I think theylps us as a pure play auto parts retailer very focused with our expertise and what we’re lifting up. So it is been pretty much across tthey board that I think tthey general trends that we mentioned earlier, be that batteries or wash and wax, some of those things that are project-related we’re seeing similar list. But I don’t think I’ve seen anything disproportionate to online, which I think is your question. I think all boats have risen theyre and we’re seeing it in our retail operations, we’re seeing in our same-day pickup in store, same day curbside, same-day delivery. David Bellinger Got it. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Brian Nagel Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So tthey first question I want to ask is, as we look at tthey recent sales trajectory, particularly tthey pickup in sales lately in tthey DIY side. Given tthey data of your loyalty program, are you see indications of any benefits for channel shift, wtheyn looking at ttheyre is clearly Advance in your specific category has been designated as essential? But if ttheyre have ttheyre been – were ttheyre ottheyr venues that maybe have no have not been and those customers are transferring your purchasing into your stores? Tom Greco Yes, it’s a great question, Brian. It’s obviously difficult to say. But I do think that retailers who have prioritized safety broadly. And again we have been on a multi-year safety journey. We’ve got a world-class expert that we hired two years ago to theylp us with theyalth and safety across tthey enterprise. And wtheyn ttheir happened, they stood up a pandemic team across tthey enterprise that is on a call daily with our entire field organization, seven days a week, managing all of tthey things that are going on, making sure tthey Plexiglass Shields are going up, making sure tthey masks are getting to our people, making sure tthey independents have sold hand sanitizers and all of those things that are necessary in ttheir world. And I think that we communicated that broadly across our website, weekly with written communication, in some cases, video communication. So I think anybody that’s doing that is going to benefit from it in tthey short term. I think separately to that maybe underneath your question, tthey fact that we have a 7,000 square foot format with two to three experts working in tthey store, might be more appealing than anottheyr box at ttheir stage of tthey game for Auto Parts. But that’s purely speculation we’ve done some analysis on that. I can tell you, I’ve seen anything that says that’s actually true, but that’s somewhat speculative, but I think that’s kind of wtheyre you’re theyaded. Brian Nagel It’s very theylpful Tom. Tthey follow-up question I have, I mean clearly, as we think about eittheyr Q2 or into tthey back half of 2020, ttheyre’s a lot of moving piece theyre, given tthey COVID-19 crisis. But you’ve mentioned in your prepared comments we discussed before, tthey impact would prove to be a decidedly warm winter on sales. So as you look through tthey balance of tthey year, do you expect that we will continue to see tthey impacts of tthey warmer winter or is that really isolated to tthey negative effects isolate to tthey beginning of tthey year? Tom Greco Well, for sure impacts, tthey theyavy, theyavy impact in January, February I mean cold weattheyr categories are much obviously more relevant in those months that ttheyre is winter itself. Ttheyre are some residual things, if ttheyre’s not a lot of snow, we don’t get plows on tthey road, ttheyy don’t tear tthey roads up, ttheyre is no not as many potholes. And ttheyn that affects on your car in some of those categories. At tthey moment, we do see some softness in some of those categories, but that’s not a long-term thing. I mean we would have experienced most of it by now. And as you get into June and July that will subside and next year, we’ll see what happens. Brian Nagel Very much appreciate it. Thank you. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey Q&A portion of our call. Now I would like to turn it back to Tom Greco for closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks to everyone that joined us today. And as you’ve theyard, we have tackled tthey challenges of tthey quarter theyad-on. We believe we’re in a very good position to move to tthey next phase of ttheir pandemic and eventual recovery. No matter how challenging tthey last few months have been, we are steadfast in our vision of advancing tthey world in motion. And our vision is highlighted in our second annual corporate sustainability and social report that we publittheyyd ttheir morning. We are very proud of it. It’s all about driving financial performance as we develop our people, reduce our environmental impact and get back to our communities. And ttheyn finally, as we theyad into some Memorial Day weekend, I want to take a minute to recognize and express our sincere gratitude for all our nation’s theyroes, especially those who paid tthey ultimate sacrifice defending our country. We are proud to be an employer of choice for so many military veterans and we look forward to increasing representation of veterans for years to come. We’re also committed to our long-standing relationship with building homes for theyroes. In 2020, we are celebrating 10 years of support to ttheir worthy organization, whose mission is to gift mortgage free homes to veterans injured while serving our country. We look forward to sharing more with you on our recovery efforts and tthey status of our business in August. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.