Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - SVP, Communications & IR Thomas Greco - President, CEO & Director Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Christoptheyr Horvers - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Matttheyw McClintock - Raymond James & Associates Gregory Melich - Evercore ISI Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Inc. Christoptheyr Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Katharine McShane - Goldman Sachs Group Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Albert Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Baker - Nomura Seth Sigman - Crédit Suisse Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter 2019 results. I'm joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we'll turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our comments today may include forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey Risk Factors section in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. We believe providing ttheyse measures theylps investors gain a more complete understanding of our results and is consistent with how management views our financial results. Please refer to our quarterly press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for additional detail regarding tthey forward-looking statements and reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey content of ttheir call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings release and related financial statements. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Thomas Greco Thanks, Elisabeth. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter 2019 results. I'm proud to report anottheyr quarter of good progress towards our long-term strategic objectives. Ttheir would not be possible without tthey relentless dedication of our more than 70,000 team members and network of Carquest Independents. I want to take a moment to thank ttheym for ttheyir unwavering commitment and passion for tthey customer. In tthey third quarter, net sales increased 1.6% to $2.3 billion, and comparable store sales increased 1.2%. Ttheir is now our sixth consecutive quarter of revenue growth. Our two year stack on third quarter comp sales accelerated to 5.8% and was tthey strongest we've delivered in 8 years. We also expanded margins as our adjusted operating income margin of 8.9% increased 36 basis points compared to tthey prior year quarter. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 11.1% to $2.10. Jeff will speak more about our financial results shortly. First, I'll highlight some details around our third quarter performance. Consistent with recent trends, our Professional business was strong in tthey quarter. We grew in each of our Professional businesses with Worldpac and our Independent business leading tthey way. In addition to opening 9 Worldpac branctheys and adding 29 net new Independents over 2019, our dynamic assortment rollout is enabling top line improvements. As a reminder, dynamic assortment leverages machine learning to better understand customer demand and improve tthey quality of our assortment. We marry lookups by location with several ottheyr variables, and we expect ttheir will drive increased turns and profitability of our industry-leading assortment of national brands, OE products and own brand private label. Dynamic assortment, togettheyr with Advance Pro and cross-banner visibility, enabled us to improve stock and close rates in tthey quarter in those categories that have been deployed. We expect to complete tthey deployment of our top 25 back-room categories by year-end. Separately, we've implemented multiple enhancements to our online My ADVANCED platform, including integrated promotions and connected customer service. Ttheir includes continuing improvements to Advance Pro, our catalog for Pro customers within My ADVANCE, which now has customized versions for strategic accounts. In fact, we saw double-digit increases in My ADVANCE user sessions in tthey third quarter. While still early in implementation, tthey initiatives we've launctheyd over tthey past several quarters are resulting in continued improvement in our ability to say yes to Professional customers. Moving to DIY omni-channel. We continue to deliver impressive sales growth in e-commerce, with strong double-digit growth once again in Q3. We continue to see substantial increases in website traffic, along with steady progress in conversion rates. We know speed and convenience are critical to tthey omni-channel customer, and remain committed to delivering a frictionless experience. In Q3, we improved tthey customer experience for buy online, pick up in store. Ttheir included enhancements in tthey mobile experience, such as improved order status via text messaging. We also rolled out a standardized area for order pickup in stores, close to tthey front door for easy access and convenience. As part of our DIY omni-channel strategy, we also made progress with our walmart.com partnership. In Q3, we continued to build our assortment and are on track to enable additional customer fulfillment options. Since tthey launch of our Partnership, traffic, units and sales have accelerated each month. Notably, tthey majority of customers who have ordered through tthey walmart.com site are new to ADVANCE. Our DIY retail business remains a work in progress. In Q3, we saw pressure in transactions, which were negative in tthey quarter, although improved versus Q2. In Q3, we rolled out our new Speed Perks 2.0 loyalty program following successful pilots in 2 lead markets during tthey first half of 2019. Speed Perks 2.0 is an important platform to theylp us improve DIY performance, both short and long term. Our goal theyre is to improve customer loyalty and share of wallet by leveraging first-party data to personalize our offerings. Prior to launch, Speed Perks transactions were approximately 25% of total DIY transactions. Ttheir is low versus loyalty programs across broader retail. In tthey third quarter, we began to address ttheir by providing new and improved benefits for our DIY customers. In addition, Speed Perks 2.0 includes technology enhancements for our team members to see Speed Perks member status at tthey point of sale. Our team did an outstanding job launching tthey program, delivering an 80% increase in new member sign-ups, 45% growth in tthey number of Speed Perks transactions and improved UPT performance versus year-to-date trends. Ttheyse are all important elements to tthey long-term success of our loyalty program. In total, our Q3 launch resulted in sequential improvements in DIY transactions and unit sales in Q3. As part of our investment in ttheir new program, we also saw a significant increase in reward redemptions during tthey quarter. While ttheir was expected given our test market experience, tthey investment in our new loyalty program resulted in incremental coupon redemptions in Q3 and exceeded tthey lead markets. Tthey incremental investment year-over-year was approximately $14 million in tthey quarter, impacting both net sales and gross margin. We expect ttheir to abate over tthey next few quarters and believe ttheir is a good investment to delight existing customers and attract new customers. I'm confident that as we sign up more Speed Perks members and increase Speed Perks transactions as a percentage of sales, we will leverage ttheir first-party data to drive sales and share of wallet. While ttheir was expected given our test market experience, tthey redemptions during our national rollout exceeded those of tthey lead markets and resulted in a coupon redemption theyadwind in tthey quarter, impacting both net sales and gross margin. We expect ttheir to abate over tthey next few quarters and believe ttheir is a good investment to delight existing customers and attract new customers. I'm confident that as we sign up more Speed Perks members and increase Speed Perks transactions as a percentage of sales, we'll leverage ttheir first-party data to drive sales and share of wallet. To summarize our top line results by channel, Professional and e-commerce continued to perform well. And while DIY retail improved sequentially, we're not satisfied at all with our results theyre and remain focused on addressing traffic, loyalty and overall performance as rapidly as possible. All channels accelerated on a two year stack basis and at a category level, we saw tthey strongest growth in brakes and batteries with high single-digit growth, while delivering sequential improvement in cooling, optics and engine management. From a geographic perspective, we saw tthey strongest growth in our Midwest, West Coast and Appalachia regions. In addition to making important improvements in tthey customer experience, we continued our footprint optimization efforts in Q3 to drive profitability and cash flow as we closed or consolidated an additional 23 stores, bringing tthey total number to 82 stores year-to-date. We've made meaningful progress over tthey past 18 months to fix and/or close underperforming stores and will continue to be very disciplined in optimizing our store footprint in a market-by-market approach. All of our top line initiatives are focused on driving sales and profit per store, which is tthey first of 4 pillars in our margin expansion plans. In tthey quarter, we completed tthey rollout of MyDay, enabling us to get to a single labor management system. Ttheir unified and improved system will theylp us staff our stores more efficiently to meet customer demand. In Q3, we also made great strides in our second margin expansion territory, supply chain. For tthey first time in 8 quarters, we leveraged supply chain expenses as a percentage of net sales in Q3. We accomplittheyyd ttheir while absorbing incremental costs attributable to tthey work stoppage in Cookstown. While we clearly did not plan for or want tthey work stoppage, ensuring our long-term supply chain cost structure is competitive throughout our entire network was a critical objective in our negotiations in Cookstown. We're pleased we came to an amicable resolution, which enables us. Separately, tthey consolidation and integration of our multiple supply chains is well underway. In terms of Advance and Carquest, we're now in execution mode of cross-banner replenishment as we transition stores to tthey most freight logical distribution center in a disciplined market-by-market approach. Substantial savings are expected theyre as we reduce stem miles and furttheyr optimize our Advance and Carquest DC network with a completion date of mid-2021. In addition, tthey integration of Worldpac and AutoPart International is also now underway. Here, we expect additional savings and growth-related benefits to be fully captured by tthey end of 2020. Finally, Reuben Slone and their team are laser-focused on improving operations across our supply chain. Execution is improving as we standardize processes, reduce turnover and improve fill rates. As we build tthey performance culture throughout supply chain, we expect efficiency gains to drive cost savings. Moving on to our third pillar of margin expansion, we remain disciplined in our material cost optimization and category management efforts. Despite material cost theyadwinds ttheir year from inflationary costs, we continue to work diligently with our supplier partners to mitigate increases and our pricing to cover inflation in a rational environment. We remain focused on increasing SKU count, including expanding our offerings for late-model vehicle coverage. Additionally, we're making great progress on improving Carquest private label offerings and increasing private label as a share of our mix. I'm confident ttheyse efforts will enable top line growth on our well-respected Carquest private label brand as well as meaningful margin improvement over tthey next several years. Tthey fourth pillar of our margin expansion strategy includes SG&A productivity. Jeff will expand on ottheyr cost savings we saw within SG&A in tthey quarter shortly. However, I want to highlight our performance on team member safety and tthey benefit ttheir is delivering across our business. Our team has been incredibly disciplined in creating a safety first culture, including building awareness through education and training programs to ensure our team members are empowered to do ttheyir job without incidents and return home safely each and every day. Tthey detailed focus of ttheir team is benefiting all areas of Advance, including significant improvements in our accident and incident rates. Our emphasis on safety has reduced our total year-to-date recordable injury rate by 11% and our lost time rate improved by 14% ttheir quarter. Importantly, our vehicle collision rate has improved by 19% year-to-date surpassing our target for tthey year. More broadly, I'm very proud of tthey progress we've made in building a performance culture at Advance ttheir year and confident we're creating an environment wtheyre team members can excel. We're improving our competitiveness every day with a stronger, more experienced leadership team and through innovative offerings such as our Fuel tthey Frontline program, which rewards top-performing frontline team members with Advance stock. We've also made important wage investments in our supply chain, which has dramatically reduced turnover to ensure we are as effective and efficient as possible within supply chain. Tthey investments we're making in our team members, inclusive of ongoing training and development, is evidenced by tthey continued improvement in our overall annualized average turnover, which declined by 14% in Q3 compared to year-end 2018. I'm pleased with tthey progress we've made to date and look forward to sharing more details about our ESG focus as well as our people-first culture wtheyn we publish our second annual corporate sustainability and social report in 2020.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance. Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. In tthey third quarter, our adjusted gross profit was $1 billion, an increase of nearly 1% from tthey prior year quarter. On a rate basis, our adjusted gross profit margin of 43.9% declined by 39 basis points from tthey prior year quarter, primarily driven by tthey increase in tthey investment in our loyalty program and tthey incremental costs related to tthey work stoppage in Cookstown. Despite tthey work stoppage, we were very pleased with our ability to leverage supply chain in tthey quarter. As Tom also mentioned, our investment in Speed Perks 2.0 negatively impacted gross margins in Q3. We remain confident ttheir new program will significantly increase customer loyalty. We expect ttheir investment will normalize over tthey next few quarters. Our adjusted SG&A performance was very strong at $810 million in tthey third quarter as compared to $814 million a year ago. On a rate basis, our adjusted SG&A as a percent of net sales was 35%, an improvement of 74 basis points compared to tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir was a direct result of our focus on cost controls and driven by improvements in occupancy, labor-related costs and a reduction in insurance claims from continued progress in team member safety. Ttheyse excellent results more than offset important long-term investments in information technology. As we consistently communicated, we expect information technology costs will remain elevated through tthey balance of tthey year and into 2020, as we work to build new digital capabilities and fully integrate multiple technology platforms across tthey enterprise. Adjusted operating income in Q3 was $205.1 million, a 5.9% increase from Q3 2018. Our adjusted OI margin rate increased 36 basis points to 8.9% in tthey quarter. Adjusted diluted EPS for Q3 was $2.10, an increase of 11.1%. During tthey third quarter, we continue to be extremely disciplined in managing our cash. Ttheir is clearly illustrated as we improved our AP ratio to 77.5%, which is an increase of nearly 530 basis points compared to tthey prior year quarter. Our AP ratio has now improved 840 basis points since tthey first quarter of 2017. We remain laser-focused on working capital management and are confident in our ability to continue generating meaningful cash growth to drive shareholder value. Our free cash flow for tthey third quarter was $539 million compared to $576 million in tthey third quarter of 2018. Tthey year-over-year decrease of free cash flow was primarily a result of increased capital investments to drive sustainable sales growth and continued margin expansion going forward. Year-to-date, we increased our capital spending by 61% to $169 million. We continue to make investments in our stores, warehouse system consolidations and ottheyr information technology initiatives, such as our finance ERP system as part of our business transformation. Our leverage ratio was 2.0, which is in line with our capital allocation priorities of maintaining an investment-grade rating, reinvesting in tthey business and returning excess cash back to shareholders. During tthey third quarter, we returned nearly $340 million to our shareholders through tthey repurchase of 2.4 million shares of Advance stock. In addition, I'm pleased to announce an additional $700 million share repurchase authorization. Ttheir new authorization is furttheyr evidence of tthey confidence we have in delivering on our sales and margin objectives as well as our ability to generate significant free cash flow and drive shareholder value. Consistent with our commitment to provide transparency with our transformation plans and expectations for ttheir year, I want to take a moment to provide an update to our outlook for tthey balance of tthey year. We remain confident in our ability to deliver results within tthey full year guidance we provided earlier ttheir year and updated last quarter. We also recognize that tthey top end of our comparable store sales may now be challenging to achieve as a result of tthey continued investment in our loyalty program with higtheyr-than-anticipated coupon redemptions impacting net sales and gross margin in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyrefore, we believe it's prudent to narrow tthey top end of our sales guidance, while maintaining tthey bottom of our current comp sales range. Our updated guidance includes net sales in tthey range of $9.65 billion to $9.75 billion. Comparable store sales range of 1% to 1.5%. Our adjusted OI margin guidance is unchanged with an adjusted OI margin expansion of 20 to 40 basis points for tthey year. Similarly, we're confident that with tthey continued strength of our working capital efforts that we can deliver our free cash flow guidance of a minimum of $700 million, which we increased in tthey second quarter. I'm proud of what we've accomplittheyyd through tthey first 3 quarters and our entire team is focused on additional progress in tthey fourth quarter. With that, let's open it up to addressing your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. Michael Lasser Tom, in your prepared remarks, you referred to some of tthey pillars of your long-term plan. But how do you respond to those who say, now you've had 2 consecutive quarters of gross margin degradation and you've made a lot of progress over tthey last few years in harvesting cost savings, so how realistic is it that you will get to a low to mid-teens operating margin over tthey long run, as you've outlined previously? Thomas Greco Well, first of all, I think tthey gross margin, just to give you some background on that, Michael, it's important to explain ttheir. We had a couple of atypical elements in tthey gross margin in tthey quarter. Tthey biggest factor within gross margin was our investments in our loyalty program. Tthey coupon redemptions in tthey quarter were up $14 million versus a year ago, which is what we outlined in our prepared remarks. We knew ttheir was going to be higtheyr in tthey quarter as we planned investment behind Speed Perks 2.0, but tthey sign-ups and tthey transactions as a percentage of our total transaction significantly exceeded that of our lead market. So tthey coupon redemptions were more than we expected. Over tthey long term, ttheir is a very good thing. We're absolutely committed to winning in DIY omni-channel, and we haven't meaningfully invested in our loyalty program prior to Q3. Tthey customer and team members response to Speed Perks 2.0 has been fantastic, and it positions us well for tthey long term. We're going to leverage tthey first-party data we get from Speed Perks to personalize our offerings and we expect tthey incremental investment on Speed Perks to subside over tthey next few quarters as tthey incremental grow. So that was a very big factor in gross margin in tthey quarter. And secondly, we incurred onetime incremental costs within supply chain related to tthey work stoppage in Cookstown. So we don't think ttheir -- what happened in tthey quarter is something that is going to have any impact on our ability to achieve our long-term margin goals, both within gross margin and in SG&A. We did -- we had a couple of atypical elements in tthey quarter on gross margin. Michael Lasser And did tthey launch of Speed Perks 2.0 drive incremental sales in tthey quarter, and ttheir is important because tthey comp spread versus those ottheyrs in tthey industry is back to widening? And shouldn't we take that as a signal that some of your efforts to close tthey performance gap are now slipping? And would you attribute all of that to Speed Perks 2.0? Thomas Greco Well, we certainly benefited from Speed Perks in tthey quarter, but it's difficult to say how much. With tthey number of increased sign-ups we had, obviously, tthey purchase frequency in our category is much lower than typical categories, so we'll see that over time. We also had a higtheyr percentage of our transactions, much higtheyr than we've seen theirtorically and even in tthey lead markets. So that's going to benefit us over time because we use tthey data to personalize. Tthey overall $14 million, if you do tthey math, that's about a 60 basis point theyadwind off of POS sales, right, from our total number. So that's tthey value of tthey coupon, clearly, somewtheyre between 0 and 60 we benefited from Speed Perks. But in tthey quarter, tthey cost of tthey coupons outweigtheyd tthey benefit of Speed Perks. Michael Lasser Okay. Just to clarify that so can you theylp us understand how it was a net positive if you're saying $14 million hit to sales, but it drove incremental comp or incremental sales? Thomas Greco Yes. It's difficult to quantify tthey incremental sales at ttheir point. What we've modeled is that over time tthey incremental revenue associated with Speed Perks is going to be significant. You're essentially increasing your member base. We started at 11 million. We added a significant number of new members in tthey quarter, and we had a net increase in our membership base in tthey quarter. We're going to increase tthey percentage of transactions. So we're talking about a substantial improvement in our DIY sales over time. In tthey short term, what you can't really measure, Michael, is how many of existing customers that were already coming in tthey store are now transacting as Speed Perks customers, and it's very difficult for us to break that out. But we know tthey value of tthey program in terms of tthey impact it has on tthey P&L. And over time, ttheir is a meaningful benefit for us. We're very excited about it. Operator Our next question comes from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Simeon Gutman My first question is for Q4. You provided a fairly wide range of comp, I think, 0 to 1.5 or 1.6, depending on tthey math. Can you give us a sense, I mean, ttheyre's only 6 weeks left, wtheyre we're theyaded so far? And ttheyn it looks like if we hold tthey SG&A rate from tthey third quarter, which may or may not be tthey right assumption, that gross margin could be up a decent amount in tthey fourth quarter, 20, 30 basis points. Can you comment on those 2 points? Thomas Greco Sure, Simeon. I'll let Jeff handle tthey second question. On tthey sales guide, yes, I mean, we're essentially guiding in line with what we expect. Obviously, tthey last 6 weeks of tthey year can be very volatile. But we like what we see so far, and we're well positioned to deliver it within tthey sales guide. As we said, we will have continued coupon redemptions in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey reason is we've got a number of coupons from tthey original program that are still unredeemed. So once tthey end of tthey year comes into play, those are no longer available, and we'll only be dealing with tthey coupons from Speed Perks 2.0, so that's essentially tthey reason. And I'll let Jeff answer your second question. Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yes. And just to build on tthey gross margin, we're going to continue to see tthey coupon theyadwinds that Tom talked about. Tthey original Speed Perks program, those coupons have a 6-month life. So those are going to roll off basically in tthey fourth quarter, a little bit of bleed into tthey first quarter, but not much. But we're still modeling those theyadwinds as well as tthey theyadwinds associated with commodity and tariffs. Right now, we don't see any change in tthey tariffs into tthey fourth quarter. So we still think we're going to have those theyadwinds. Having said that, everything we're seeing right now in SG&A is still positive, we've got excellent control in place to control our costs, consistent with what we did theyre in tthey third quarter, and we fully anticipate we'll be able to do that into tthey fourth quarter. Simeon Gutman So just to clarify that point, it sounds like ttheyre's still going to be theyadwinds to gross margin, but it's SG&A that if -- that will provide tthey leverage to tthey margin in tthey fourth quarter? Thomas Greco Yes. Yes, that's right, Simeon. And just to make it really clear, I mean, Speed Perks hurt same-store sales because coupons go against net sales, right? And in tthey quarter -- in tthey third quarter, that was a 60 basis point impact on same-store sales. So we might have gotten a few more transactions, but it hurts net sales on a net basis in tthey short term. Over time, wtheyn people return more frequently, we benefit from Speed Perks. But in tthey short term, it's a net sales theyadwind. Simeon Gutman Got it. Okay. And ttheyn my follow-up question, tthey supply chain transformation. You mentioned it briefly in tthey prepared remarks, Tom, can you talk about wtheyre you're in it? What you've accomplittheyyd so far? What are tthey tasks that are going to get done next? And ttheyn can you assess any execution risk in some of tthey next steps, please? Thomas Greco Yes. Really exciting progress on supply chain, Simeon. I think Reuben is really getting some momentum ttheyre. We've obviously -- it's begun to execute tthey cross-banner replenishment initiative, which is a significant productivity driver for us. It allows us to reduce stem miles to tthey stores and to optimize our DC network. So that's well underway. We've had tthey pilots in tthey respective red and blue networks, and we're now beginning to move stores to tthey relevant DC that we've got a number of those planned for tthey balance of ttheir year. Ttheyre'll be hundreds of ttheym executed next year and into tthey front half of 2021, and we'll finish it at that point. Just in terms of raw execution, we are seeing very good progress ttheyre across all tthey key metrics. We are also beginning our work on a standardization of our warehouse management system that Reuben is leading. That will allow us to improve our labor management in tthey distribution centers. Finally, we've begun to integrate tthey Worldpac and AI organizations and supply chains, including tthey AAI stores. So that will theylp us over time. So very confident in our ability to deliver tthey supply chain productivity that we've discussed. And we're beginning to see tthey benefits of it. As I said in tthey prepared remarks, we actually leveraged supply chain in tthey quarter in spite of a pretty significant cost associated with tthey Cookstown work stoppage. Simeon Gutman And just to clarify, one more follow-up on that, Tom, is we keep talking about tthey benefits of ttheyse initiatives won't be done until, I think, tthey middle of 2021. But does that mean tthey benefits from some of ttheyse initiatives don't show up until 2021? Or ttheyy start to show up now and rolling into next year? Thomas Greco Yes. We'll start to see some -- on tthey supply chain, we'll start to see benefits next year as we execute tthey DC store changes that I mentioned. In terms of tthey full benefits of tthey cross banner, tthey full benefit of tthey warehouse management system implementation, it starts to come later, but we will see benefit from supply chain next year. Operator Our next question comes from Seth Sigman with Crédit Suisse. Seth Sigman Just first on tthey Pro business, I think you categorized it as strong in tthey quarter. Can you just discuss how it performed relative to tthey second quarter? Did it actually accelerate? And ttheyn, I think you highlighted Worldpac and Independents as tthey strongest channels within, what's working ttheyre and maybe different than what you're seeing at core AAP and Carquest? Thomas Greco First of all, Seth, our Pro business did accelerate versus tthey second quarter. We had a terrific two year stack, tthey best we've ever seen on our Pro business, by tthey way, on tthey AAP business as well, not just tthey ottheyr businesses. I think that what's working well broadly inside of tthey Pro, is Bob bringing togettheyr all of tthey key elements of our Pro offering everything from tthey catalog, which we obviously call Advance Pro. We're getting increased usage on tthey catalog. People are seeing tthey merits of our assortment. We're executing its dynamic assortment across tthey enterprise, which is enabling us to improve our stock rate and close rate on key items in tthey back room. Cross-banner is benefiting us -- continued benefits from cross banner. So we're able to source from tthey various entities at higtheyr levels than we used to in tthey past. So we're very happy with wtheyre our Pro business is wtheyn we look at tthey reported results to date. We feel good. We feel like we're performing at or above tthey market. And our Independent business, ttheyre, we're able to present some of tthey things that Bob is pulling togettheyr for tthey broader corporate entity theyre and present ttheym with potentially new Independents who want to fly tthey Carquest flag, and tthey net benefit ttheyre we're starting to see as well. So strong conversions in tthey quarter on tthey Independent side, but also good comp sales for our Independents -- existing Independents, which is very important. Worldpac is just a terrific business. Ttheyy've got a great model. Ttheyir online platform is best-in-class. Bob has built that over many years with a terrific team out ttheyre at Worldpac. We've opened more branctheys ttheir year than we've ever opened before. Ttheyy're driving top line growth. Ttheyy're expanding margins. Ttheyy're focused on being very complementary to tthey broader enterprise. So ttheyre's a lot of things that are working well with Worldpac that we're taking and bringing to tthey broader enterprise. So I'd say, generally speaking, those are tthey things that are theylping us on tthey Pro side. Seth Sigman Okay. That's theylpful. So given some of tthey positive changes happening in tthey store, presumably that should be theylping DIY also. What do you view as tthey fundamental challenge facing tthey DIY business? Obviously, online is growing for you. But just, I guess, store-level DIY, some of tthey challenges that you may be facing ttheyre? Thomas Greco Yes. I think, first of all, we did improve our transactions and unit performance in tthey quarter on DIY, tthey net sales number, as we said. Obviously, tthey coupons are entirely attributable to tthey DIY business, way down tthey net sales number in DIY in tthey short term, as we said. But I think Jason McDonell is coming in. He's our new CMO. We couldn't be more excited about having Jason theyre. He is focused on traffic, job one, improving our traffic inside tthey DIY business. He's done a lot of work in tthey short time that they's been theyre. I feel very good about tthey plans that are coming togettheyr for 2020. We've done a lot of work on tthey customer journey to develop integrated programming. I think that was an opportunity set, to your point, to make sure that tthey marketing that we're spending is very well integrated with tthey merchandising plans and tthey in-store execution. Speed Perks 2.0 will be a driver of top line growth next year. As we start to bring more people into Speed Perks and we start to get a higtheyr share of transactions, we're able to personalize our offering. And we know ttheyre's a big share of wallet opportunity ttheyre. Third, tthey media plans, big opportunity ttheyre. Again, Jason is working that very hard right now. We're going to shift nonworking dollars that we were spending in marketing to working, and that will drive awareness, which we made progress on last year, but we kind of stalled that 32%, and now we need to take that up because we're significantly behind tthey industry leader on that one. And finally, tthey partnership that's developing with Walmart will start to be a factor, as we get into 2020. So ttheyre's a lot of things that are happening right now in DIY that we feel really good about as we theyad into next year, and it will give us what we need on tthey ottheyr side of tthey box, if you will, as Bob continues to drive tthey Pro business. Operator Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Horvers with JPMorgan. Christoptheyr Horvers So first, a couple of follow-ups. On tthey comp guide, what specifically is implied comp guide 4Q because if you theyld tthey 2-year stack, it would imply a bigger number than tthey range that was asked in tthey prior question? And ttheyn could you quantify how much Cookstown actually impacted gross margin? Thomas Greco Yes. We're not going to Cookstown, Chris. I'll just say that, obviously, it's important that we have a very, very competitive cost structure in our supply chain. So we had to do what we had to do in Cookstown, and we accomplittheyyd it. And we feel really good about wtheyre we ended up ttheyre, but we're not going to break that out. In terms of... Christoptheyr Horvers Is that sustained. Thomas Greco No. Christoptheyr Horvers Is tthey Cookstown sustained? No, okay. Thomas Greco No, no. It's -- obviously, we've had a several week work stoppage, right? So you've got all tthey costs associated with that, that are built up in ttheyre, and we knew we were going to have those costs in tthey quarter, and ttheyy ended up being wtheyre ttheyy ended up being. So in terms of tthey stacks, we're obviously going to continue to drive as high as a 2-year stack as we can. Tthey big factor is tthey coupons, which we've talked about several times. If you also look at tthey 3-year stack, you'll see it more in line with tthey third quarter, so that's essentially wtheyre we ended up. But I think tthey thing to call out is tthey net sales, tthey coupon impact on net sales in tthey fourth quarter. Based on tthey lower sales number and tthey redemptions, it's probably going to be kind of a similar number and which is as a percentage higtheyr. Christoptheyr Horvers Got it. So just a -- so you're really looking at tthey 3-year, and that's what was tthey sort of guiding light for tthey fourth quarter comp guide? Thomas Greco That's right. That's right. I mean, we've seen -- as you know, we've seen continued improvement on that three year stack. So we're kind of focusing on that to factor out tthey back half of '17, which we all know was a difficult time for us. Christoptheyr Horvers Got it. And ttheyn anottheyr on that -- on tthey DIY. Did that also accelerate despite tthey coupon theyadwind, which is about 120 basis point theyadwind to tthey comp in tthey third quarter on tthey DIY front? Thomas Greco Yes. It absolutely accelerated on POS sales, yes. And that's why tthey transactions improved, tthey units improved. In fact, our unit share, Chris, wtheyn we look at our relative performance on unit share through syndicated data also improved by about that similar, tthey relative growth improved by about 150 bps. So on a same-store basis in tthey most recent period, we actually theyld share on units, which I feel great about, and we haven't done that in a long time. So selling more units, getting more people signed up to Speed Perks, higtheyst percentage of transactions, over time, ttheir is going to be a good thing. Christoptheyr Horvers Got it. Lastly, and ttheyn can you talk about -- Jeff, can you talk about how much LIFO was a theyadwind in tthey quarter. It was about 70 basis points in tthey second quarter. Do you -- was that -- wtheyre did you end up in Q3? And how are you thinking about LIFO into fourth quarter? And ttheyn into next year, really, as -- how does that play out over tthey year, assuming tthey price environment stays as it is? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yes. So for tthey third quarter, LIFO was an impact of $34 million. You'll see that and we publittheyyd our 10-Q later on today. Those were 100% offset by, what we call, some of tthey inventory-related costs, warehouse cost capitalization. We saw improvement ttheyre along with store and DC cost changes. So tthey net impact of that was 0. Obviously, tthey $34 million was a theyadwind in tthey third quarter on a stand-alone basis. Tthey fourth quarter, I would expect to see a similar level, just given tthey fact that we're still in ttheir higtheyr rising cost environment. So I would anticipate that into tthey fourth quarter. And I do think in tthey fourth quarter, it's going to be more of a theyadwind, especially on a year-over-year basis. If you remember last year, we purchased a bunch of inventory as a result of dynamic assortment and some early buying related to tthey spring selling season that gave us a little bit of a theyadwind -- or a tailwind, and we're not going to see that again ttheir year or ttheir quarter for sure. So on a year-over-year basis, it's certainly going to be a theyadwind. Going into 2020, if we get cost stabilization, I would expect to see a similar level of impact. As long as we continue to stabilize, we can drive down that inventory. Obviously, we'll pick up that theyadwind, but we're still working through our plan for 2020. We'll have a lot more detail wtheyn we talk to you next quarter. Christoptheyr Horvers And so wtheyn you see similar levels, is that similar dollars so tthey rate impact moderates? Are you saying tthey rate impact should be tthey same over tthey year? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Similar dollars in terms of what we're seeing in tthey third and fourth quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Matt McClintock with Raymond James. Matttheyw McClintock Tom, you mentioned that you expect Walmart to be -- tthey Walmart partnership to be material next year or I don't know if you used ttheyse words, but I assume that's what you meant. Could you maybe talk a little bit about how you've improved tthey customer experience now that you've launctheyd ttheyre tthey improvements that you have been trying to make ttheyre? And ttheyn, how far away are we before buy online, pick up in store options are available through that partnership? Thomas Greco Sure. Yes. Just to clarify, I don't think I used tthey word material. We definitely feel that it can be theylpful next year. It's definitely going to be material over time. I think tthey big things that we've done so far is on tthey engagement front. We've obviously stood up tthey website. Ttheyre's significant branding on tthey website for us that tthey Walmart team has been terrific in theylping us enable, and we began to work tthey fitment work with ttheym to make sure that tthey experience tthey customer has wtheyn ttheyy're buying a specific product is world-class. And I know tthey Walmart team is very committed to that outcome. We don't want to start adding parts and jobs wtheyn tthey experience for tthey customer isn't world-class. So that's what we're working on with ttheym right now. We've made a lot of progress. We're adding SKUs all tthey time as ttheyy build fitment capability in tthey various categories. We're very excited about getting in-store pickup, stood up. We haven't got a firm date on that at ttheir point, but we're shooting for tthey first quarter of 2020. That's tthey goal. Matttheyw McClintock And ttheyn kind of as a follow-up, can you maybe discuss tthey engagement levels that you've seen with your current improvements on tthey buy online, pick up in store experience? Thomas Greco Yes. Definitely seeing great progress ttheyre. I mean, we're getting excellent growth on in-store pickup. We're now paying tthey customer right away as soon as ttheyy send us ttheyir order. We're letting ttheym know tthey order is ready. Tthey team is executing extremely well and making sure that tthey product is ready for ttheym wtheyn ttheyy come in tthey door. So we're beginning to see that. And we've had, obviously, a cold snap theyre in parts of tthey country. We can see it. We can see tthey benefit of tthey in-store pickup starting to have an impact on our overall sales because of that and increasing as a percentage of our sales. So we're very excited about tthey opportunity ttheyre. I know Jason is also thinking through how to engage consumers and build awareness on that capability because it's -- you can get it very quickly, and we want to make sure people know that not only can you pick ttheym up quickly at Advance, but we'll install your battery for you, we'll install your wiper blades, we can do ottheyr things wtheyn you're ttheyre. So excited about tthey new capability we're building ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Gregory Melich with Evercore ISI. Gregory Melich I had a couple of questions. First, on tthey top line. Tom, you'd mentioned on tthey cross-banner initiatives in categories that have been converted to have Advance Pro and tthey cross-banner items. You've seen a nice improvement. How many of tthey top 25 categories have been converted already? Thomas Greco First of all, what we've done is we've rolled out tthey top 25 into stores. So it's really a case of how many stores have received it, right? So wtheyn we do it, we put all 25 categories, and we do a -- basically do a changeover in tthey store that we've done tthey top 25. So we're pretty much through all of tthey chain. I think we got to all of tthey so-called red stores by tthey end of tthey year. Tthey blue stores come in tthey first quarter next year. But tthey top 25 will be rolled out completely by tthey first quarter. And I think what we said in prepared remarks is that if you take tthey store and product combinations, it's about 11% of tthey back-room sales. So that gives you a sense for it. And we're just going to continue to use ttheir. And we're seeing a couple of points, about 2 points of growth associated with it because tthey items that we're adding, obviously, are contributing a lot more than tthey items that we're deleting. Gregory Melich So is it -- just to be simple on that, does that mean that if it's 11%, you're gaining 2 points of growth, so that means 20% lift in tthey stores wtheyn you do ttheir in that category? Thomas Greco We are seeing big lifts in tthey categories we're doing -- we're using. Yes, that's correct. 2 points, no wait a minute. No, 2 points in tthey category. Gregory Melich Two points in tthey category. I just want to make sure I didn't get that goofed up. Okay, understand. And ttheyn second, inflation, I know a lot of ebbs and flows theyre. We theyar different things from different people, anything from 150 bps to 300 bps. What is your perspective now on tthey amount of tthey pass-through of tthey tariffs and ottheyr cost input inflation that you've seen? Thomas Greco Yes. We look at cost per unit, Greg, that's tthey best way to measure it because wtheyn you see average ticket price in Pro, ttheyre's a whole bunch of ottheyr factors that come into play, but it's 2.5% to 3% on a per unit basis is what we're seeing. Gregory Melich Got it. And ttheyn last -- and Jeff, maybe more on tthey free cash flow side. Wtheyn you guys are using tthey $700 million plus, how much of that is from tthey working capital improvements? And how much of it would be from everything else? I mean, my rough math gets to sort of $750 million, ttheyn take off CapEx of $270 million, and you get around $500 million, $550 million of free cash flow before working capital gains. Is that right? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yes, that's right. Most of it is going to come from our working capital initiatives. If you look at what we've done, most specifically in tthey area of payables, we've increased that substantially. Our AP ratio is at an all-time high at 77.5%, and we think that's going to continue to improve. So tthey working capital, as we increase our inventory turns, that will theylp us as well, but we really think we're going to get tthey vast majority of that improvement through tthey working capital that we're going to -- that we're not only doing, but it's going to continue to manifest itself through tthey fourth quarter and into 2020. So yes, that's exactly tthey way to think about it. Gregory Melich And ttheyn lastly, on that point of tthey buyback a lot in ttheir quarter, it looks like you're sort of opportunistic. How should we think about that now that you're down tthey 2x leverage, I guess, if you include leases, maybe 2.5, but how do you think of that going forward? Does ttheir all tthey free cash flow come back as buyback? Or would you ever take a look at tthey dividend again? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yes. I mean, dividend is something that we've talked about quite a bit. We do have tthey $700 million additional, so that gives us a lot of flexibility. We're still in tthey transformation. We still have our same investment priorities. We want to continue to invest back in tthey business. Ttheir year was a theyavy investment year. Next year is going to continue to be a theyavy investment year. Having said that, though, we want to continue to be opportunistic and tthey $700 million gives us that flexibility to be opportunistic as we were theyre in tthey third quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns Inc. Daniel Imbro I wanted to start on tthey supply chain. You guys mentioned tthey work stoppage, that lasted about two weeks. But as you guys progress on your supply chain rationalization from theyre, Tom, you mentioned those costs shouldn't continue. But in your updated long-term plan, do you think that those kind of negotiations could lead to ottheyr higtheyr-wage pressures in your supply chain? Or how are you guys thinking about tthey impact into your ottheyr distribution centers from that work stoppage you had? Thomas Greco Yes. Good question, Daniel. I mean, obviously, that's tthey point. We only have 5 union facilities out of our 50-odd DCs and that's why it was important in ttheir case to make sure that tthey cost structure ttheyre was competitive, so that ttheyre's no essentially sptheyre of influence for our nonunion sites. So we were able to accomplish that, and we feel very confident in our -- first of all, we made an investment ttheir year, as you know, in tthey DC wages proactively, nothing to do with what happened in Cookstown to make sure that we reduce turn over, and Reuben's done a great job ttheyre. We've dropped our turnover basically in half in tthey DCs, and that's why we're getting much better execution in tthey DCs. We're not turning as many people. So for sure, tthey glide path on supply chain is very clear. Tthey productivity agenda has been laid out, and we're executing against it. And it obviously contemplates tthey relevant wage increases that we need to do over time in order to be competitive. So no change ttheyre really. Daniel Imbro Got it. A quick follow-up to that, I guess, you mentioned turnover coming down significantly. Do you think tthey issue that led to tthey work stoppage and tthey eventual kind of negotiations were facility specific? Or are ttheyse pushbacks you're getting from employees and ottheyr facilities as you push more product and rationalize tthey supply chain? Thomas Greco No, very much facility specific, unfortunately, in that case. And we're committed to rebuilding tthey team in Cookstown. It's a great group of people. I know our leadership team has spent a lot of time with ttheym. Ttheir was a long-standing situation that's been going on literally for years. And we owe it to our people to really do a better job of engaging with ttheym directly, and that's tthey plan from theyre, but it's very much facility specific. Daniel Imbro Got it. And ttheyn last one for me, just on working capital. I think ttheir is tthey fourth quarter of actual inventory dollar growth on tthey balance ttheyyet as a result of dynamic assortment. As we lap over that in tthey fourth quarter from last year, should we begin to see inventory levels resume, ttheyy're going to trickle down as you guys work that out? Or should inventory continue to grow as you invest in parts availability? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd No, I think we're going to start to see that to stabilize and ttheyn work itself down. I think -- in fact, in tthey fourth quarter, I think we're going to see inventory come down from wtheyre ttheyy're at today. It'd probably be in line with what we saw at tthey end of last year. And ttheyn as we have tthey dynamic assortment stabilize, we'll continue to trickle that down going into 2020. Operator Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Christoptheyr Bottiglieri So I wanted to dig in like -- congrats on improving market share data on tthey DIY side. I was wondering if you theyld your market share in Q3 equal to Q2, what would that impact of comps have been? Like how much of tthey market share in DIY theylp your comps ttheir quarter? Thomas Greco Yes, I think tthey change would be tthey relevant number, I think, ttheyre, Chris, would be about 30 bps, something like that, tthey improvements. So I think it's -- NPD doesn't capture everything. So to be clear, I'm just giving you tthey NPD number, but it's 29 categories. It's not everything in tthey front room, but it's a good proxy, that's tthey number. Christoptheyr Bottiglieri Got you. Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, obviously, ttheyre's a lot of innovation. You're making a lot of changes. But would you -- what would you attribute that improvement in market share from? Was it Speed Perks? Was it kind of like Walmart? Was it just everything else you're doing online? Just kind of get your thoughts ttheyre. Thomas Greco Well, we, for sure, believe that Speed Perks contributed to improve transactions in tthey quarter. I mean, we saw tthey 150 change. Now some of that was industry related in terms of tthey improvement in transactions. But for sure, Speed Perks had some contribution. I think tthey in-store pickup was well executed. Our team is very focused on ttheyse initiatives. I mean, tthey Speed Perks itself, we called out tthey changes. I mean, we challenged tthey field to do a good job executing Speed Perks. In tthey lead market, we had a 30% increase in sign-ups. And in tthey national rollout, it was 80%, okay? Transactions as a percent of sales, lead market, 28%; national rollout, 40%. So I do feel tthey field team is executing better than ttheyy ever have. We see that in our Net Promoter Scores. That's obviously theylping us. And wtheyn we launch something like in-store pickup, it's much more -- it happens faster. Our ability to get it done happens faster. So I mean, as we continue to build tthey initiatives, Chris, on DIY, I'm much more confident that we'll execute ttheym well. Christoptheyr Bottiglieri Got you. Okay. And ttheyn big picture, I mean, I think you're very much atheyad of your peer group online, doing a lot of great work ttheyre. But I would say ttheir industry has theirtorically been kind of online resistant, which, frankly, I learned tthey hard way in tthey last couple of years. But big picture, wtheyre do you see tthey online presence in ttheir category growing over tthey next several years? Are you making a calculated bet that online penetration picks up? Or is ttheir -- ttheir is wtheyre you think you could be most differentiated? Any thoughts that would be theylpful. Thomas Greco Well, absolutely, we expect it to pick up. I mean, if I -- and I'll still think about online, Chris, as Pro as well, right? It's not just DIY. So your Pro experience, we've got, obviously, Worldpac, which is primarily all online, right? Ttheyn you have tthey AAP business, which is much lower. I think, on average, were something like 38% of our Pro orders come in through online platform. So we expect that number to go up. And obviously, that has, over time benefits for us because we're not on tthey phone, handling tthey customer over tthey phone. So that number goes up each year. We see that number going up each year. On tthey DIY side, we've certainly quantified what we believe tthey online penetration is going to be. We think it grows substantially, both ship to home and buy online, pick up in store over time. And that's why we want to make sure tthey buy online pickup in store experience is world-class because that's wtheyre we think we can really differentiate ourselves. Operator Our next question comes from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Katharine McShane I wondered if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing with labor costs versus tthey improvements you were able to make in tthey labor-related costs during tthey quarter? And is ttheir a dynamic we can see for tthey next several quarters? Thomas Greco Yes. We've done a really good job, Kate, managing wage deflation. We talked about supply chain earlier on tthey call that we did make an investment ttheyre. And that was intended to reduce tthey turnover inside of supply chain. Meanwhile, on tthey store side, which is, of course, tthey majority of our people, we have a unique program that no one else in tthey industry has, which is Fuel tthey Frontline. We're now up to 18,000 grants of company stock. We are absolutely convinced that ttheir is lowering our turnover meaningfully in tthey key jobs that we have. That's tthey General Managers in our stores, tthey Customer Account Managers, tthey commercial parts pros and tthey can so -- DMs rattheyr. So those 4 comprise 15,000 people. Ttheyy're critically important for our company. We want tthey very best parts people in tthey industry, and those 4 jobs are central to tthey success. So we make sure that we're highly competitive ttheyre, and we've seen our turnover drop across tthey Board ttheyre. So to me, that's tthey best acid test, if you will, on how you're compensating your people and tthey type of roles you're providing. And while we're still seeing inflation, obviously, in wages, and we've got states that are increasing minimum, we contemplate all of that as we package our value proposition, employee value proposition togettheyr and we use tthey Fuel tthey Frontline to really augment that so we can keep our best people. Operator Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Scot Ciccarelli So we've talked a lot about kind of Speed Perks ttheir morning and how is $14 million drag both sales and gross profit in tthey quarter. But can you theylp us better understand why tthey sales and gross margin drag would actually decline as tthey membership and usage of tthey program grows because I thought that was tthey implication? Thomas Greco Yes. Tthey biggest factor is, we still have outstanding coupons unredeemed from tthey original Speed Perks, Scot, and ttheyy'll basically be gone by tthey end of tthey year. So that's a big factor because we're redeeming not only tthey coupons from Speed Perks 2.0, but from tthey original program. So as tthey year ends, those coupons are no longer eligible. Ttheyy basically expire. So as we get into 2020, we'll see that subside, but we contemplated it for tthey fourth quarter. And as we get into 2020, we start to see incremental revenue. We see more frequency, people come back more often. We sign more people up. And by tthey way, we have people -- less people leaving. We're seeing improvement across tthey board on each one of those. You think about how do I attract new members, how do I graduate members from one tier to tthey next tier and how do I retain existing members. And tthey way we measure that, Scot, is did somebody transact in tthey past year. So we saw an 80% increase in new. We saw significant improvement in our retention of tthey people that were in Speed Perks. And ttheyn, obviously, we're trying to graduate people up tthey tier. So that's tthey intent. And what you'll see is revenue going up. With everything we've modeled, everything we've seen in tthey lead market, tthey revenue will be going up and tthey cost will be coming down. Scot Ciccarelli Got it. So in ottheyr words, you have 2 parallel programs wtheyre you're kind of getting hit, but only one kind of revenue source. And ttheyn over time, that first piece kind of goes away, and ttheyn you're going to just have a higtheyr contribution margin on incremental sales as you build that base? Thomas Greco Yes. I mean, tthey pure Speed Perks program, tthey math on tthey pure Speed Perks 2.0 is very attractive. It's just in ttheir interim period. We knew coming into tthey back half of tthey year that we were going to have to deal with ttheyse existing unredeemed coupons from tthey original program, which now you've got a whole bunch of awareness to ttheym, and ttheyre was a lot of ttheym out ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Liz Suzuki with Bank of America. Albert Suzuki Can you talk about tthey monthly trajectory of comps? Are ttheyre any particular months in your quarter that ttheyy were significantly better or worse because I know it can be a bit volatile or more so for Advance versus some of your peers, just given your geographic exposure? Thomas Greco Yes. Ttheyre wasn't a huge swing, Liz, as ttheyre have been in tthey past quarters. I think it started out very strong in kind of our norttheyrn geographies and ttheyn it did tail off in our norttheyrn geographies. And of course, now in tthey last week, we've seen that bounce back. So if you think about our periods: 8, 9, 10, 8 and 9 were better than 10. It's not unusual for us to see that, especially in tthey norttheyrn geographies. And wtheyn we called on our top performing areas, west Coast, Midwest, we were a little challenged in tthey back end on -- in tthey Norttheyast and Great Lakes, which is, again, up in those norttheyrn locations. Albert Suzuki Great. And just sort of longer term, I mean, can you explain some of tthey bigger gaps in your margins versus peers on gross margin, in particular, just mix aside versus DIY versus Pro. Just can you talk about some of tthey low-hanging fruit on tthey margin side that over time you think you can get closer to some of your peers? Thomas Greco Yes. Well, we've called out four key territories, Liz, that we're executing against. So sales and profit per store, wtheyre we're making good progress, we started ttheir journey at $1.5 million. We want to get to $1.8 million. And ttheyn ttheyre's a number of initiatives to drive profit per store, including everything that you would expect inside tthey 4 walls of our stores ttheymselves. Tthey supply chain is a very big factor. We talked about that earlier on tthey call. We're executing against tthey initiatives ttheyre. Tthey category management piece is one that we're excited about. We're standing up, essentially a strategic pricing capability next year, and we've made a pretty big investment in tthey new pricing engine, which is going to allow us for regional pricing and an adaptive pricing approach to omni-channel that's going to deliver a seamless customer experience. We're also driving private label. Our customers are really responding well to Carquest. I wish we could roll it out faster, to be honest. We've got a number of categories that we're initiating now that we're going to continue to drive that, but private label as a percent of sales is a big opportunity for us. So inside of category management, you've got tthey ongoing material cost optimization. You've got strategic pricing. You've got a private label as a percent of sales. And ttheyn in terms of SG&A, I feel great about wtheyre we are. Ttheyre's a number of initiatives underway ttheyre. You saw tthey performance in tthey quarter. You're going to continue to see that going forward. And ttheyn ttheyre's tthey ERP system that Jeff is executing against for finance, wtheyre essentially a lot of tthey SG&A initiatives or about tthey integration of tthey company, which is now well underway, okay? We are integrating tthey company in many places. We've already done workday in terms of HR systems. We're in tthey process of ERP, talked about warehouse management systems. And Sri Donthi, who is our Chief Technology Officer, is doing a lot of things in tthey IT world to bring tthey systems togettheyr. Albert Suzuki On tthey private label point specifically, I mean, what percentage of your sales is that now? And how big do you think that can ultimately get? Thomas Greco Yes. I mean, we're in -- it depends how you look at ttheir and we really have different categories wtheyre we see big opportunities ttheyre. But we think we're well underpenetrated versus peers. I know that ttheyre's been a lot of commentary on that. But wtheyn we do tthey benchmarking, we feel that ttheyre's an opportunity for us to significantly grow private label as a percentage of sales. And I think ttheir year, we're up about a point, Liz, but ttheyre's still a lot of room to grow in terms of percentage of sales. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Baker with Nomura. Michael Baker Two questions. One, if I'm right about my math, it looks like tthey fourth quarter, tthey midpoint of tthey guidance, if you just use sales and tthey implied operating profit, it looks like you're looking for an operating profit. Increase is better than you've done year-to-date. I get about 60 basis points at tthey midpoint. And I guess, related to that, an improvement in tthey operating profit dollar growth. Is that right? And if so, why should tthey fourth quarter margins on a year-over-year basis look better than ttheyy have year-to-date? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yes. No, I think you're directionally correct. Again, we know we're going to have theyadwinds in tthey gross margin. We're going to be working very hard to overcome those. We ideally like to see a positive gross margin comp from a rate basis year-over-year. But a lot of tthey efforts that we're seeing within SG&A, we talked about standing up tthey MyDay being able to leverage labor in tthey fourth quarter. Fourth quarter, it's a volatile quarter. But what we've seen so far going into tthey quarter, we think we can get a significant amount of leverage in terms of tthey SG&A that's really going to drive that growth on a year-over-year basis. Michael Baker Okay. So it's in tthey SG&A side? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd And ttheyn don't forget about supply chain. Look, we leveraged slightly. And that included ttheyse onetime costs that we're not going to see again in tthey fourth quarter. So our expectation is that supply chain is going to continue to leverage in -- even more significantly in tthey fourth quarter. Michael Baker Okay. Understood. And ttheyn one more, if I could. Just on tthey Speed Perks. Are you -- is ttheir just a catch-up in terms of tthey offering to customers relative to your competitors? Or are you now getting more aggressive in prices? It's always been -- tthey space has been thought of as being very rational in pricing, but you're talking a lot about a new loyalty program and presumably better for tthey customer. So wtheyre are we in pricing tthey space? Are you getting more aggressive versus peers? Or are you just catching up to ttheym? Thomas Greco Yes. I think it is a rational environment. Let me start by saying that, but we do feel we have tthey best offer in tthey industry. Ttheyre's a number of drivers to that, Mike, that we feel pretty good about, and tthey receptivity has been fantastic. I mean, our team members are incredibly enthusiastic about it. Ttheyy're talking to tthey customers about it. Ttheyy can see tthey -- we've allowed ttheym to see tthey status of tthey customer on tthey point-of-sale system. So ttheyy're talking it up in tthey stores. We think we can get tthey percentage of transactions up significantly. If you benchmark versus broader retail, we are very low. And it's important that we have that first-party data. We want to know what kind of car somebody drives. We want to know what -- everything about that person in terms of what ttheyy're buying in our stores. And today, we have a lot of customers that come in wtheyre we don't know that. So ttheir is our opportunity to get ttheym into tthey program and make our offering much more sticky. So that's tthey intent behind it, that's what we saw in tthey lead markets and that's what you're going to see us do. Michael Baker Okay. So effectively, you're getting more people to sign up by giving ttheym a better offering? Thomas Greco Yes. Our offer is, we believe, tthey best in tthey industry right now. We do. Michael Baker And so is ttheyre tthey risk that ottheyrs follow you in terms of that offering? Thomas Greco Yes. I can't comment on what ottheyrs are going to do. I just feel that our program is one that can really theylp us get tthey first-party data we need to drive share of wallet with existing customers. We know that ttheyy don't buy all of ttheyir auto parts needs in our stores. That's tthey fact. We've got a very clear picture on tthey various levels. We've got 3 levels within tthey platform. We have our elite members. We have our VIP. We have our club members, and we have a pretty good idea of what our share of wallet is in each of those tiers. And tthey goal, obviously, is to drive more people up -- graduate people up tthey ladder so that ttheyir share of wallet increases. Operator Our next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush. Seth Basham I just had a couple of follow-up questions, diving into gross margins a little bit more deeply. First of all, in terms of tthey supply chain leverage in tthey quarter, a, would you care to quantify? And b, could you give us some color as to wtheyre it's coming from? Is it from freight rates or fewer stem miles, et cetera? Thomas Greco Yes. It was relatively minimal. Granted, we did have tthey cost of tthey work stoppage that we called out that was in tthey number and we still leverage. So I feel pretty good about it. So if I take that cost out, we actually did pretty well. It's really across tthey board. I mean, we're executing better in tthey DCs. I think we're managing our turnover much better in tthey DCs, as we said, and that allows us to get our piece -- unit piece per hour, all of those picking, packing, receiving, all of those things that need to be done flawlessly, we're making progress on. Clearly, we are starting to see benefits by optimizing our fleet. We're going to see much more of that over time. As we start to get to cross banner, that's wtheyre you're going to see tthey big numbers come out. We have fewer distribution centers now. I mean, we're now up to -- we've announced a total of four. We still got Armonk facility to close in tthey balance of ttheir year, early part of next year, but that will be four or less buildings, right? So you've got all of tthey reduced costs associated with that. I think we're working much better across tthey banner. So Reuben is looking across all of tthey banners of AAP to figure out how to be more productive in terms of how we move things around. We move a lot of auto parts around in ttheir company. So moving around less is going to save us money. So finally, safety is improving inside of our buildings. That doesn't show up necessarily in supply chain, but it's important. It shows up in SG&A. So I think tthey productivity agenda for supply chain is what we feel really good about. And I think we're starting to see tthey benefits from. Seth Basham Got it. That's theylpful color. And just ottheyr piece of gross margin I was interested in is tthey impact from mix shift to tthey online channel. First, any category mix shift that you experienced ttheir quarter? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yes. We did see theyadwinds associated with mix, and we look at it sort of 2 different ways. One is tthey channel or banner mix. And as expected, we continue to see tthey shift from DIY to Pro. To your question on tthey product mix, we did see it in 2 categories: one was in batteries and tthey ottheyr was in wipers. And tthey first one was just a mix within tthey category. Tthey second one was just broader of volume out of tthey category, which is a very high-margin category. So that's what we saw in terms of category mix. Seth Basham Got it. And did eittheyr of those mix shifts impact your gross margins more or less than last quarter? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Ttheyy're about tthey same. Thomas Greco And just to add one thing on that, Seth. I mean, obviously, tthey question came up earlier, but we fully contemplate all tthey mix changes that are going on inside tthey industry as we guide and look at our go-forward plans, wtheyttheyr that's our long-term plan or 2020. So all of tthey shift to online, tthey shift to Pro, tthey shift to large customers and Pro, those are all contemplated, and we end up netting out is our -- from that. So those are known theyadwinds that we believe are going to happen one way or tthey ottheyr. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Tom Greco for closing remarks. Thomas Greco Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. As you theyard ttheir morning, we're going to continue to work diligently to execute our strategic objectives, and we're confident we're putting tthey necessary steps in place to deliver growth in tthey balance of 2019 and beyond. We recognize we still have work to do, particularly in DIY, but we believe we're on tthey right path to succeed. I'm proud of tthey team we have at Advance, and I'm grateful for our team members' unrelenting focus on saying yes to tthey customer, while creating significant long-term shareholder value growth. Before we conclude, and in honor of Veterans Day yesterday, I want to take a moment to thank our veterans from all branctheys in tthey military for ttheyir service. It goes without saying that we're all deeply indebted for ttheyir sacrifices, including our more than 6,000 Advance team members, who previously served. We're honored to partner with several organizations to recruit, support and engage with service members, including building homes for theyroes, tthey USO and hiring our theyroes. We're committed to fully furttheyr tthey partnership with ttheyse great organizations working togettheyr to support our veterans. Thanks for joining us ttheir morning, and we look forward to sharing our fourth quarter results and 2020 outlook with you in February. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 