Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q1 2015 Earnings Call May 21, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani - Vice President, Finance Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director George E. Stheyrman - President Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Bill Carter - Senior Vice President, Business Development and Integration Charles E. Tyson - EVP-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain Analysts Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Robert Higginbotham - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Christoptheyr M. Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts First Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Before we begin, Zatheyed Mawani, VP of Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Zatheyed Mawani - Vice President, Finance Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's call. I would like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements we intend to be covered by and we claim tthey protection under tthey Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address future events, developments or results, in typically used words, such as believe, anticipate, expect, intend, will, plan, forecast, outlook or estimate and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause our results to differ materially. Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures including certain financial measures reported on a comparable basis to exclude tthey impacts of costs in connection with tthey integration of General Parts International and B.W.P. Distributors. Please refer to our earnings press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey company intends ttheyse forward-looking statements to speak only as of tthey time of ttheir conference call and does not undertake to update or revise ttheym as more information becomes available. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Darren Jackson, our Chief Executive Officer. Darren? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thanks, Zatheyed. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. Joining me on tthey call today is our President, Stheyrman, who will update you on our business operations including our integration activities; and Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mike will update you on our financial performance. Entering 2015, and year two of our integration, we remain very confident in tthey growth, earnings and service potential of ttheir combination. We are well positioned in tthey commercial business, DIY, import, domestic, independent and online channels with approximately 60% of our business in tthey fastest-growing commercial segment. Tthey 2015 enterprise priorities remain unchanged from 2014. Ttheyy are, just to remind you, relentlessly improving our base business, execution, and successfully delivering tthey year-two integration objectives. We are building on last year's progress and continue to be confident that tthey steps we took positioned us well. As a reminder, tthey notable successes in 2014 included naming our go-forward leadership team, aligning our cultures, while improving our inventory availability principally through tthey cross-sourcing. We also completed our supplier negotiations and defined our go-forward product brand structure. We successfully entered Dallas, leveraging tthey Carquest backbone. And finally, we delivered on tthey synergy and financial expectations for tthey year. Through tthey first quarter of ttheir year, tthey cultural assimilation remains very strong. Tthey cross-sourcing availability continues to drive tthey business, and tthey growth drivers principally with tthey Worldpac business, tthey Canadian business, and our Dallas markets are exceeding expectations. In 2015, tthey required next step in tthey company's integration is tthey company's people, processes, systems and capabilities are to form a common foundation. In addition to that, aligning our systems and distribution work; ttheir also includes moving to a common foundation for products, pricing, customer process, support centers, pay and benefits, and tthey store and field leadership structure. Ttheir significant work is underway and is an integral step into leveraging tthey full potential of ttheir acquisition. It will and has resulted in broad-based change, a number of new learning curves and some temporary disruptions to our business. We completed critical integration deliverables in tthey quarter and expected some impact to tthey business; however, tthey degree of impact on tthey base business, honestly, was greater than we anticipated. Consequently, our first quarter performance was lower than we expected. Overall, our sales grew 2.3% to just over $3 billion. Tthey comparable sales were up 0.7% led by commercial growth with our DIY business declining modestly. Earnings per share on a comparable basis grew 6.2% in tthey quarter on top of last year's 35.5% growth. Now, our industry fundamentals remain positive including vehicles in operation, gas prices, miles-driven and steadily improving economy. Tthey industry benefits are not equally distributed across tthey country. Specifically our norttheyastern and upper Midwest markets meaningfully underperformed our expectations in Q1, principally driven by weattheyr and some of tthey West Coast port slowdown. Despite tthey integration workload and some weattheyr-impacted areas, we have continued to grow our sales and our profits. Tthey integration efforts I referenced earlier had a larger impact on our core commercial business in tthey quarter as it experienced a sequential slowdown from Q4 of last year. Our commercial business has been consistently performing at tthey high end or above tthey high end of tthey market growth of 3% to 5%. In our first quarter, we were closer to tthey low end of that range. Our sales and operations teams are intensely focused on leading tthey business and our customers through ttheyse changes to get ttheir part of our business back in rhythm and we will. Our fourth quarter call, I outlined five key integration priorities that we were focused on ttheir year. Later George will provide more details and a status update shortly. Togettheyr, ttheyse five key priorities support tthey overarching objective of aligning tthey two companies to a common foundation. Ttheir significant just table stakes work is required in order to minimize tthey confusion with customers and position tthey combined company to operate more efficiently, and ultimately generate tthey higtheyst value from ttheir combination. As a company, we made a decision to drive key integration activities aggressively from tthey start. We believe moving faster with things like tthey organization and product integration will get us to a desired end state and tthey results sooner than a piecemeal approach. I previously noted that our 2015 integration priorities were entering a more complex phase, as I called it. Certainly, it is expected given we are undertaking tthey largest and most diversified integration project in tthey industry's theirtory. Although tthey core business integration work is driving change in short-term volatility in tthey base business, ttheir volatility will pass and tthey long-term potential remains strong. I will conclude my prepared remarks by reiterating our ongoing confidence and tthey potential of tthey combined businesses, and tthey opportunity to grow tthey company in tthey long term in size and scale and achieve our next target of 12% comparable operating margins by tthey end of 2017. Last year, we focused on executing our integration plan with few unforeseen challenges. A year later, tthey long-term potential remains tthey same and we are encountering impacts of change from tthey integration. It is a reminder that neittheyr results nor change unfold in a linear fashion. While results ttheir quarter did not meet our high expectations, we expect tthey business to steadily improve, which is tthey case so far in tthey second quarter. Q1 was a new high point of integration change and we expect to start seeing our team settling into a sales and operating rhythms going forward. We also remain grounded that we still have sizable amount of integration work atheyad of us and we continue to expect some unevenness in tthey business ttheir year. In consideration of ttheir, Mike will review ttheir with you and also provide you with a revised annual outlook. I want to finish by sincerely thanking our 74,000 team members for ttheyir remarkable commitment in supporting tthey changes to position our business for an outstanding future. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to George Stheyrman, our President. George? George E. Stheyrman - President Thanks, Darren. Good morning, everyone. First, I too would like to thank all of our team members for ttheyir contribution to customer service in tthey quarter and putting ttheyir focus and energy into meeting our customer commitments while stretching to complete many of our integration tasks. With my prepared remarks ttheir morning, I'll provide commentary on our first quarter base business performance togettheyr with a progress update on our integration priorities. As we mentioned in tthey past, Advance is on a path of continuous improvement and consistent execution and we've made tangible progress. However, wtheyn you layer on tthey integration that touctheys many parts of tthey organization, and namely customer facing parts such as our field and sales teams, it's clearly not business as usual. Tthey multiyear integration plan will have a few peaks and Q1 was at a high point with many simultaneous work streams being executed. We expected our business would see some impact. However, it was more than we anticipated and led to sales outcomes that were below what we expect and aspire to deliver with a comp of 0.7%. I'll discuss tthey integration impact and status in more detail (10:42). Turning to our commercial business. As Darren mentioned, our core commercial business faced tthey most change and experienced tthey greatest amount of variability. Tthey overall industry is benefiting from tthey macro benefits, improving consumer confidence, and those are all net positives. Offsetting tthey industry tailwinds beyond tthey integration was weattheyr impact we experienced in our core markets as we continued with high degrees of sales variability and lost sales days due to weattheyr-related store closures. With respect to our key customer segment, our TECH-NET commercial partnership programs are designed to theylp our customers improve ttheyir service and grow ttheyir business. We grew our TECH-NET program in tthey quarter high single digits year-over-year and now have over 6,500 members. Additionally, tthey vast majority of our strategic account business also grew at close to tthey same rate. Our BUD penetration continues to be a strategic priority and we continued our progress with meaningful growth in tthey quarter. Turning to our DIY business. In 2015, we expect to improve our DIY business underpinned by three initiatives. First, our Speed Perks loyalty program. We've rolled that program out to all Advance stores, with tthey Carquest stores sctheyduled to receive it by approximately tthey end of Q2. Tthey objective ttheir year is about achieving scale through member acquisition. That translates to a year-end target of about 10 million members. We are on pace with over 4 million members at tthey end of Q1. Tthey early indicators relative to increased frequency and basket size improvement from members in Q1 are meeting our expectations. Tthey second initiative is renewed emphasis in investments and marketing toward DIY customers with focus on tthey theyavy DIY'er or tthey car guy. We like what we're seeing with our initial customer response, with sustained awareness from advertising ramps over time and we're tracking results closely. Lastly, we continue to invest in our store team members through training initiatives that deliver a great customer experience. We're also working to improve tthey consistency and simplification of our DIY marketing and how it shows up in our stores to make tthey customer experience simple and clear. Overall, I'm satisfied with tthey progress we made in Q1 with DIY and tthey steps we're taking against our objective. Turning to our integration. We are now into tthey second full year of integrating General Parts. Ttheir year is focused on aligning to a common foundation. Tthey integration activities put pressure on tthey core capacity of tthey business in tthey quarter and we expected that to be tthey case. And frankly, it's tthey only way to move forward and get tthey teams through tthey change as quickly as possible and stay focused on tthey end-state outcomes. With that in mind, I'd like to share a status update with you on tthey core integration activities we're undertaking ttheir year stratified across five focus areas. First, our Store Support Center consolidation is essentially complete. During tthey second half of last year and for tthey first quarter, we've made tthey required decisions and worked through tthey changes to ensure we have all team members operating in ttheyir go-forward roles by tthey end of Q1. Tthey team members moving between Roanoke to Raleigh will be fully complete after tthey school year and tthey Minnesota office is set to close in July. It was important to get all ttheir done, so new team members can begin ramping up tthey required learning curves as quickly as possible and improving operational execution throughout tthey year. Second, our field operations and sales team integration is complete. In Q1, we integrated our field teams across 33 regions in order to build a structure with singular leadership across both brands. We consider ttheir work absolutely essential and a part of tthey integration that we needed to address with speed and conviction. Our theirtory with acquisitions tells us that unifying teams with aligned goals, career tracks and rewards, allows team members certainty in ttheyir role in tthey go-forward organization. Tthey cultural overlay between our teams has been positive from tthey start and that certainly continues. Restructuring our field sales teams is something we needed to do both for our team and our customers. And aligned sales team prevents redundant sales calls and shows an aligned face to our business across tthey Advance and Carquest brands. As with any field structure change of that magnitude, we experienced disruptions both internally in changing reporting structures and externally from sales reps and tthey customer relationships shifts. We're now emerging from tthey high point of tthey learning curve and tthey focus is now back squarely on sustainable performance rhythms. Third, now turning to our consolidation conversion and relocation work. Wtheyn we updated you last, we have completed our early consolidation program for tthey first 100 stores, which were predominantly those lowest performing stores in tthey chain. In tthey quarter, we converted tthey stores served by our Dallas Distribution Center which includes tthey Dallas and Houston markets. We are very pleased with tthey team member, customer and financial results. What is most rewarding is tthey ability to be successful with ttheyse conversions in a market that is so highly competitive. We'll next be executing ttheir program in stores served by three distribution centers in Q2, in Salt Lake City, San Antonio and Bangor, Maine. Ttheir next wave is approximately 70 stores. In tthey back half of 2015, we expect to move at a run rate of 110 stores to 115 stores, consolidated or converted per quarter starting in Q3. Tthey program is projected to run until mid-2017 wtheyn tthey Carquest chain will be fully converted. Overall, we continue to be on sctheydule with our plan. Notably, unlike retail store conversions, which can be simple for both customers and our team members, our conversions and consolidations impact how our commercial customer does business day to day. Tthey consolidations affect commercial customers differently and require more effort and agility around tthey process to make sure we are not only executing tthey mechanics of tthey transition, but retain tthey customers through tthey process and getting ttheym quickly back to normal operating routines. We also successfully completed tthey consolidation of approximately 40 Autopart International stores in Florida in Q1 (16:49) tthey acquisition process to drive more efficiency and better profit outcomes. Ttheyse consolidations have gone well and we're very pleased with tthey sales and profit performance. Tthey fourth priority is our product changeovers. We began tthey work in late Q4 of aligning tthey products, tthey brands, and tthey pricing between tthey Carquest and Advance stores. Ttheir program has two components: product re-labels and product replacement. We've completed 90% of our re-label program as of tthey end of Q1. Ttheir involve team member capacity and focus, including independent store owners and distribution center team members, touching over 20 million pieces of merchandise. We also completed tthey additional phases of replacing complete product lines. That's more difficult work since it involves sweeping product back to a central facility, setting new planograms, and bringing in tthey new product. That requires execution at tthey supplier, supply chain and store levels that is intheyrently more complicated. In pursuit of building tthey best house of brands in tthey industry, it also involve teaching our teams to sell brands ttheyy may have competed with in tthey past. Additionally, we continue price alignment work between brands and have aligned approximately 80% of product pricing to commercial customers between Carquest and Advance stores. Tthey outcome is to have one consistent set of prices in all stores across tthey chain. Naturally, we have some customer reaction as we move pricing. Certainly in tthey cases wtheyre we lower pricing, that impact is immediate. Getting tthey required increase in unit velocity that's needed to compensate for tthey price decrease is not. We've been satisfied with tthey overall outcome and while it's likely had a negative impact on both our comps and earnings in tthey quarter, we know ttheir work positions us correctly in tthey market for tthey long term, and it had to be done. Our fifth key priority focus is on our systems and supply chain integration efforts. Looking at systems first. We have completed a significant amount of due diligence on what is understandably a complex part of ttheir integration. Tthey complexity arises largely from three areas: first, migrating and rationalizing tthey two sets of enterprise systems over to one go-forward platform; second, continue with tthey Carquest legacy systems; and finally, wtheynever you bring a set of systems that were designed for a private company under a public company umbrella, it requires additional work to get tthey systems tthey same place as Advance is from a functionality and compliance standpoint. We're taking a measured approach to ttheir complex work ensuring that we focus on high-value areas for our team and customer first. Last year, we were able to complete several systems projects as planned to support tthey product changeover work, store conversion work, our organization conversion work, and financial compliance requirements. Tthey next phase of our work is focused on getting tthey Carquest stores, Advance stores and both e-commerce platforms on to a common Carquest-based product catalog. Ttheir is tthey most valuable element of customer experience and is tthey value-creating element of tthey store system by allowing Advance to offer tthey industry's deepest catalog. We're doing tthey back-end work ttheir year and expect to migrate tthey change to that common catalog in 2016. Tthey third major segment of systems integration is tthey work of connecting tthey Carquest and Advance distribution centers and stores systems into one integrated supply chain. That work is also well underway and we expect to begin tthey process of converting tthey supply chains in tthey middle of next year. Concurrent with tthey systems work is our ongoing expansion of daily delivery in tthey legacy Advance network. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we have 700 Advance stores being serviced daily. We expect to have approximately 1,000 Advance stores being serviced daily by tthey end of tthey year. Our best estimate today is, we'll be nearing completion of tthey entire chain on daily delivery by tthey end of 2017. Once tthey supply chain systems work is completed, we can ttheyn finish tthey consolidation of tthey back end financial systems. By definition, that'll occur last. And at ttheir point, we expect to be able to complete that work in late 2017. Lastly, before I close, I'd like to take a moment to share some insights as we focus on pushing forward our growth agenda as a combined company. A few comments on tthey major ones. Worldpac continues to execute its growth plan at or above expectations and we continue to invest in that business and its growth including tthey planned opening of 12 new branctheys ttheir year. Carquest Canada completed tthey majority of tthey product changes last year and had no field organizational integration activities, and is now driving solid double-digit growth in local currency for tthey Carquest Canada business. Finally, while not tthey core focus of tthey acquisition, we see solid DIY growth in stores wtheyre we installed tthey Advance DIY capabilities as part of tthey store conversions. In closing, what I'd like to convey is that, we are in tthey midst of an operationally taxing integration year, and while ttheyre have been some challenges, some more than we anticipated and ottheyrs that we've yet to tackle, those challenges are simply part of ttheir process and should not be interpreted in any ottheyr way. Tthey parts of our organization that are not in tthey midst of integration change are delivering with strength. We remain absolutely confident in executing against tthey plan and by tthey future we see for our company as we work to integrating ttheir acquisition and positioning Advance for growth and industry leadership. While I've gone into detail to give you a better context on what some of tthey challenges around tthey integration look like, make no mistake, we are moving forward every day and are absolutely confident in our ability to execute ttheir work while building upon our core business. Despite facing tthey tougtheyst quarter of integration, we grew sales for tthey sixth quarter in a row. As aspects of tthey integration move to complete status wtheyre we see a majority of certain tasks behind us, ttheyre will certainly be a sustained period of execution focus to ensure that we maximize tthey value of tthey work that we've done, and continue to emerge as a top commercial competitor. Now, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thanks, George, and good morning everyone. I'd like to start by thanking all of our talented team members for ttheyir commitment to serving our customers during tthey quarter while also navigating tthey change driven by our integration efforts. In my remarks today, I plan to review tthey financial highlights from our first quarter of 2015 and provide some insights on tthey remainder of tthey year. As a reminder, and unless ottheyrwise specified, Advance will present its financials and supporting commentary on a consolidated enterprise basis, and would also discuss results on a comparable basis which excludes tthey impacts of one-time integration expenses and amortization of intangible assets both related to tthey acquisition of General Parts. Our financial results were below our expectation in our first quarter of 2015, primarily driven by our integration activities. We expected tthey theyavier integration efforts to impact our financial performance in 2015. However, tthey combination of both tthey volume of change and tthey areas of tthey business that were impacted had a greater financial impact than we anticipated at tthey beginning of tthey year. Tthey changes had tthey most impact on our commercial sales. Despite tthey softness, we were able to grow our profit rate and deliver on our synergy expectations. We are confident that we will work through tthey required operational phases of our integration and deliver tthey compelling financial value of our combination with GPI. Turning to sales. Our first quarter net sales increased 2.3% to $3.04 billion compared to our first quarter of 2014. Ttheir sales growth was principally driven by tthey addition of new stores, our comparable store sales increase of 0.7%, which was led by tthey growth of our commercial business, a 40 basis point sequential improvement in our DIY business from Q4 2014 offset by a net 21 basis point foreign currency impact. We also experienced more pronounced variability in our commercial sales, wtheyre, in some cases, we saw greater than a 300 basis point gap in our commercial sales comps in places wtheyre we shifted customer relationships versus wtheyre we had no changes. Ttheir variability is part of tthey change and we expect it to be short term. Comp sales were also partially affected by unfavorable weattheyr across some of our Great Lakes and Norttheyast markets. As a reminder, General Parts company-owned locations are included in our comp sales calculation beginning in February 2015. Sales to our independent customers are not part of our comp calculation. Turning to gross profit. Our gross profit rate dollars in tthey first quarter increased 3% to $1.39 billion from $1.35 billion in our first quarter of 2014. Our gross profit rate of 45.9% was up 31 basis points compared to first quarter of 2014. Ttheir year-over-year rate increase was due to 45 basis points of achieved merchandise cost synergies partially offset by cost from our new Hartford, Connecticut DC that opened in late 2014. Turning to SG&A. Our comparable SG&A rate was 35.7% in tthey quarter, which improved 26 basis points compared to our first quarter of 2014. Ttheir year-over-year improvement was tthey result of achieved cost synergies and lower incentive compensation partially offset by slightly higtheyr advertising expenses related to our DIY business. All in, first quarter comparable cash EPS was $2.39, up 6.2% on top of last year's 35.5%. As a reminder, in our first quarter, last year, we had a $0.05 EPS impact in one-time favorable tax audit settlements. Our first quarter operating income dollars on a comparable basis increased 8.4% to $308.3 million and our operating income rate increased 57 basis points over tthey same period last year to 10.1%. Included in our operating income was $24 million in net incremental acquisition synergies. We are pleased that we continue to deliver against our synergy expectations. Operating cash flow increased approximately 26% to $102.2 million in tthey first quarter versus $81.1 million during tthey same period last year. Free cash flow increased to $45.2 million in tthey first quarter versus $20.6 million during tthey same period last year. Our AP ratio for tthey quarter was 76.5% versus 75.9% last year. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had roughly $1.61 billion of debt on our balance ttheyyet, and our adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR was 2.7 times. During tthey quarter, we paid down approximately $26.6 million of debt and are progressing as planned to pay down debt with our free cash flow to get back below tthey 2.5 times leverage ratio and maintain our investment grade ratings. We continue to measure tthey performance of our business and prioritize our investments to achieve growth, profit, and value creation. Our growth engine is our commercial business, which is driven by tthey growth of new and existing customers. We also see a opportunity to organically grow stores to over 6,000 locations, which include doubling tthey size of Worldpac and growing our independent business. Additionally, we expect our loyalty program, which targets tthey theyavy DIY'er, will drive more consistent DIY comp performance through increased frequency and a stronger sales mix of hard parts. Turning to profit. We see an opportunity to grow our comparable operating income rate to 12% by tthey end of 2017. As context, our combined post-acquisition comparable operating income rate was 9.1%, reflecting tthey acquisition of a lower-margin commercial-theyavy business. In 2014, through improvements and operational execution togettheyr with our achieved year-one synergies, we closed out our first year as a combined company with an operating income rate of 9.9%, which was approximately 80 basis point improvement from tthey post-acquisition starting point. Ttheir puts us on track against our next profit objective of achieving a 12% rate. Ttheir is realistic given it considers tthey rebalancing of tthey gross margin profile of our now more commercially weighted business that has a different commercial customer, including national accounts, government, paint and an independent business. Part of getting to 12% lies in delivering $160 million in cost synergies previously outlined and also includes modest profit rate improvements as we move to daily delivery, optimize our current supply chain network, and through our merchandising capabilities such as global sourcing. We also must take approximately 100 basis points out of our cost structure as we transition to a lower gross margin commercial-weighted business. Tthey key drivers will be reducing our G&A profile in our support centers, lowering system costs as we eliminate duplicate systems as part of our integration efforts, and reducing variability across our store portfolio in both profitability and productivity. With respect to value creation, tthey acquisition of GPI continues to provide us with a compelling opportunity to drive shareholder returns through incremental earnings and cash flow. In addition to improving our operating performance, an equally compelling opportunity exists with our balance ttheyyet. We expect to deliver measurable working capital benefits from our supply chain and IT systems integration work, driven principally through our daily replenishment expansion, optimizing our combined supply chain network, and moving to one set of systems and processes. Tthey outcome of ttheir work will result in a lower inventory investment with greater SKU availability, along with continued progress on our vendor terms, both of which will show up in an improved AP ratio. Also we're on pace to get back to our targeted level of 2.5 times and maintain our investment grade ratings. Once achieved, we will revert back to our previous capital allocation strategies to drive shareholder value, which includes investing in our business and deploying our share buyback program. Turning to tthey balance of tthey year. We do expect to see continued short-term business volatility from our integration activities, given ttheyse changes were sequenced throughout tthey first quarter and our teams were still working through tthey changes as we exited tthey quarter. Tthey duration of tthey change is difficult to predict, given tthey reality that change takes time, as ttheyre is an acceptance and learning curve our teams are working through. It's prudent to build in tthey earnings miss we experienced in our first quarter and factor in some continued integration theyadwinds into our results, primarily impacting our commercial sales. We now expect our annual comparable store sales to be at tthey low end of tthey previously communicated low single-digits range. As a result, we are revising our full-year comparable cash EPS outlook down to $8.10 to $8.30. As part of ttheir outlook, we expect our share count to be 73.7 million shares, our tax rate to be in tthey range of 37.5% to 38%, and our interest expense to be approximately $64 million. We are confident in our team's ability to execute and our revised full-year outlook reflects our best view of tthey short-term change impacts from tthey integration. Our 2015 synergy estimates remain unchanged at $45 million to $55 million for tthey full year. In closing, our first quarter of 2015 was more challenging than we anticipated given tthey degree of change that impacted our teams from tthey integration. That said, ttheyse changes were required to move to one common foundation that will enable us to deliver tthey full potential of our combination with GPI, and we are confident in our team's ability to navigate through ttheir change. We are also encouraged by tthey strong performance from those parts of tthey business that were not impacted by our integration work, which shows we're on tthey right path. I would like to finish by thanking our team members once again for ttheyir tremendous and tireless efforts in tthey first quarter and for what ttheyy do every day to serve our customers, inspire our team members, and grow our company. Operator, we are ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. And our first question comes from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Thank you. Your line is open. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI Hi. Thanks. I had a couple questions. Mike, I think you've mentioned synergies, $24 million of net acquisition synergies. Is that a cumulative figure including last year's first quarter or how should we think about that number? And ttheyn I had a follow-up. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer That's an incremental number, Greg. If you remember last year, we did a little bit over $8 million. And ttheir year, we're a little bit over $32 million. And that is a net number. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI So we should think of tthey $24 million as being halfway through to tthey $45 million you expect for ttheir year? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yeah. Tthey way to think about that, Greg, if you think about last year, our synergies built. So in tthey first half of tthey year, last year, we had about 30% of our synergies and ttheyy've built throughout tthey year. Ttheir year, it's going to be tthey opposite – it's going to be tthey flip, roughly 75% of our synergies will happen in tthey first half of tthey year, and ttheyn tthey last 25%, just because ttheyy'll be annualizing tthey bigger numbers from last year. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI Got it. And ttheyn second question is, could you remind us how many distribution centers you now have for each business, or now it's one business but how we started with GPI and Advance? And how tthey plan of integrating ttheyse and how many you expect to have as you move forward on that integration? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah, Greg. Good morning. So in total, we're at 44 centers today. We've completed a logistics network study that's going to inform us on wtheyre we're going to end up from an integration perspective. Wtheyre we are on tthey journey right now is, we are going to do a significant amount of upgrade work on a large number of tthey Carquest DCs to prepare tthey capacity for tthey expansion of our conversions. And in tthey second quarter we'll be in a position to start announcing wtheyre we're going to be with (35:21). We obviously have a lot of work to do in different markets and that's wtheyn we'll come back and give you greater insights in terms of total count. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI So ttheir year is about fixing up tthey ones we have to make ttheym as optimal and ttheyn we decide which ones to close next year? Is that a fair way to think about it? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director That's exactly right. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI Great. Thanks. I'll let someone else have a shot. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. As you get into some of ttheyse more complex marketing integration, are you finding anything that's changing your longer-term view or causing you to change direction? So perhaps you're realizing that some of tthey systems from eittheyr legacy organization just may not be up to speed and you're going to go through a big change in management process anyways, so why not take ttheir as an opportunity to bring everything up to tthey state-of-tthey-art? George E. Stheyrman - President Michael, good morning. It's George. I'll start with that one and turn it over to Bill Carter, who is running our integration. We are very committed to powering through tthey conversions and tthey consolidations. And I think if you look at conversions as a starting point, that's relatively straightforward work. We've done it in tthey past. We have a core competency around it. We like tthey DIY outcome that has come with much of that work. Tthey consolidations are intheyrently more complicated. But, again, I think with tthey BWP acquisition, we learned how to do a consolidation quite well. A little bit more taxing, a little bit more time-consuming, but we have to keep on working through ttheir. We've not seen anything that would cause us to dramatically change any of tthey sctheydules. Bill Carter - Senior Vice President, Business Development and Integration That's correct both from a store standpoint and a product standpoint. You theyard George mention tthey progress we're making and we continue to be on track. I think tthey second part of your question is, are you learning stuff through tthey integration that's causing you to change. I'd say we learn every week, we learn every month, and we make tweaks. We're not radically changing tthey long-term integration plan by any stretch of tthey imagination, but we continue to improve it over time. One example that George mentioned on tthey call is, we recognize tthey value of giving to our common catalogs sooner rattheyr than later. So that our availability across tthey network can be similar across platforms. So we're prioritizing that as something that's a value-creating engine for tthey team member and tthey customer. And that was a learning that we probably had three or four months ago, as we were doing our due diligence and have adjusted accordingly. To prioritize that is something we're bringing to tthey front from a value creation and common foundation standpoint. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director I'd also say, Michael, that we're not changing tthey process but we're certainly iterating tthey process. So every consolidation, we get a bit better. So, for instance, if a Carquest store is moving into an Advance store and that base of business that ttheyy're bringing along with ttheym require some parts that were not in tthey assortment of tthey Advance store, we're being more expeditious in moving that over. Bill Carter - Senior Vice President, Business Development and Integration Correct. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah. Maybe last case. Michael, your last question is why not get everything to state-of-tthey-art. That would be hard. But ttheyre will be a handful of things that will be state-of-tthey-art by 2017. Our catalog will be state-of-tthey-art by 2017 and we'll start to experience some of those benefits as early as tthey beginning of next year. Our supply chain, in terms of daily replenishment, by tthey end of 2017, will – tthey 5x delivery across tthey nation will be state-of-tthey-art. So ttheyre's more examples. So we're trying to balance ttheir, as George said, in terms of tthey team's ability to kind of work through tthey change, things that we have to power through versus piecemeal, and we're keeping an eye on tthey things that are critical to tthey customer relationship that should be state-of-tthey-art by tthey time we get through ttheir in 2017. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Okay. That's super theylpful. And, I guess, what we're all trying to figure out is just – with all tthey pieces you have in place and what you're learning, ttheyre's nothing that suggest that you won't be able to close tthey – or at least narrow tthey margin gap that AAP currently have with some of its peers over time. So ttheyre's nothing that's really changing in tthey longer term? And ttheyn, as part of that, wtheyn should we expect that – some of tthey recent integration hiccups are going to be less impactful and tthey business will perform more in line with tthey market? Thank you so much. George E. Stheyrman - President Hey, Michael. It's George again. I don't think we see anything that would cause us to change any margin expectations. As far as tthey work and what's behind us and what's atheyad, I tried to give some detail on ttheir and I'll give a bit more. I think if you look at tthey actual work that's been done, we've tried to move to a common foundation between tthey two companies and we see that – we mean product brand alignment, pricing, process, getting tthey store support centers consolidated, getting our store leadership teams consolidated in tthey field, and ttheyn beginning some of tthey early consolidation, conversion and relocation work. If you look at that, I think tthey product label part of ttheir is largely behind us. So again, that was very physically intensive. It's touching 20 million pieces of merchandise and it's essentially close to done. So we're emerging ttheyre. If you look at tthey product replacement, that work is still atheyad of us category by category. As far as pricing, we're nearly complete. Most of tthey pricing unification has happened, and it certainly has in tthey major product lines. I call tthey work atheyad of us some of tthey clean-up work odds and ends, but tthey major lines have now been changed. That's a big change for us. If you're in tthey field and you're working with customers and tthey pricing is different between an Advance store and a Carquest store and you're beginning to bring your customer base togettheyr, that leads to questions, obviously, on why someone is getting a lower price than someone else. And ttheyn, I think, wtheyn tthey work is done, as you can imagine, one of two things has to happen. If we raise price, it's holding line on unit velocity. And ttheyn if we lower prices, it is getting tthey unit lift that we need to pay back for tthey pricing investment that we make. So we're making progress ttheyre. And I think we're emerging from that portion of it as well. Tthey support centers are – tthey work is done. Now, bringing tthey teams up to speed, ramping ttheym up in terms of just ttheyir handle on ttheyir new positions remain something that takes a bit of time. But I think those major elements are behind us. Tthey product lift is still atheyad, no question about that. Ttheyre'll be some more work around that. A little bit of pricing work needs to be done yet. And ttheyn, obviously, tthey conversions, consolidations will go on for well over a year and a half, two years. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Ttheir was theylpful. Thank you so much. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Good morning and thank you for taking my question. My first question is around tthey cadence of tthey impact from some of tthey integration changes that you're making. I understand that ttheyy're temporary and primarily in Q1. But as you've gone through tthey first month of tthey second quarter, have you seen tthey impact lessen? And does that give you confidence that you'll be able to hit your new targets for 2015? George E. Stheyrman - President Yes, Seth. It does. And I think ttheyre are markets wtheyre eittheyr tthey change has been limited or tthey change has abated. If you look at our Canadian business, again, ttheyy did ttheir work last year. Ttheyir product replacement is well behind ttheym, ttheyy've activated on it, and ttheyy're running nice solid double-digit results in local currency. If you look at Autopart International business, ttheyy've been protected from most of ttheir change and are continuing to run very nice growth. Worldpac is just growing and is completely isolated from ttheir change and is running nice single-digit growth. Wtheyre we went into Dallas/Fort Worth on tthey go-forward systems, we have seen very good results in a very competitive market wtheyre we've begun to – wtheyre we did tthey work early, and, Seth, we did tthey BWP work well atheyad of ttheir. That was tthey biggest concentration of Carquest business in tthey Norttheyast. So much of that work is behind us and we like tthey way that we've emerged into Q2 with our Norttheyastern business, and tthey intensity of tthey change of management is far less of a factor ttheyre. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. That's theylpful. So tthey earnings revision for tthey year is primarily related to tthey miss in tthey first quarter as well as some pressure in tthey second quarter with very little change to tthey second half vision? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah, that's a way to think about it. It's always – I think George really articulated well. All those things didn't happen at tthey same time in tthey first quarter. So some of tthey change happened throughout tthey quarter, so we're still navigating through tthey change. So I think that's a way to think about it, Seth. It's always difficult to predict tthey exact level of change and tthey learning curve that tthey teams are going through, but a way to think about tthey outlook is we've built in tthey miss in tthey first quarter. We have lowered our sales for tthey balance of tthey year. We went to tthey low end of our previous range. If you think of a low-single digits in kind that 1% to 3% range, we think we're going to be in tthey low end of tthey range and I think that reflects what you just shared. So that's kind of how we thought about (44:54) George E. Stheyrman - President But I would look at tthey change as, is it tthey product brand work? Is it tthey pricing work? Is it tthey process work? Is it tthey corporate work? And I think it's an amalgamation. It's all those things. And as I said, some of that is behind us now. So we see ttheir abating during tthey course of tthey year. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Very theylpful. Last question for me. Tthey DIY business, it seems like you made some progress ttheyre. Can you comment as to wtheyttheyr or not tthey comps in DIY were stronger in tthey first quarter than tthey fourth quarter? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yeah. We said ttheyy sequentially improved 40 basis points, Seth. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Great. I missed that. Thank you very much. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matttheyw Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thanks a lot and good morning. Two quick questions. I'll ask ttheym both up at once. First of all, as you think about tthey impact of tthey loyalty program, you spoke about its impact on sales. Can you talk about how that tends to impact margin and how you expect tthey margin impact to progress as that program ramps? And ttheyn, secondly, if you could just update us if you haven't already done so, on tthey sales impact, on tthey sales recapture rate that you're seeing as you close, as you continue to consolidate some stores. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah, Matttheyw, sorry go atheyad. George E. Stheyrman - President Yeah, Matt, let me start off with tthey Speed Perks program and ttheyn Charles Tyson will add some comments as well. I think we've been satisfied with every aspect of Speed Perks. Ttheyy have a membership of well over 4 million theyre early in Q2 and 4 million at tthey end of Q1. We think that we're on with something pretty good theyre. We think that tthey program is distinctive and is tthey best in tthey industry. It has been a win for us in terms of all tthey financial fundamentals. Tthey sales lift has been good, tthey transaction growth has been good, we're seeing a bounce-back effect. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. And as you think about – understand that sales work – is ttheyre, just to make sure that we model it correctly. Is ttheyre some give back on gross margin? Obviously, tthey gross profit dollars have to be doing well for you to like what you see. But does tthey margin rate come down and does that build, or is ttheyre a cadence to that? Charles E. Tyson - EVP-Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain Yeah. Matttheyw, its Charles. Yeah, ttheyre is an impact from a gross margin rate. Obviously, tthey impact on sales and tthey growth we're seeing from that customer segment that have joined tthey Speed Perks program has a very positive gross margin dollar impact. So from a pro forma perspective, wtheyn we piloted ttheir, we are exceeding our expectations from tthey pro forma that we set for ourselves for ttheir year. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Great. Bill Carter - Senior Vice President, Business Development and Integration And, Matt, just ttheir is Bill. Just to answer tthey question on tthey consolidation results. As George mentioned in their comments, we completed tthey early consolidation program as of tthey end of last year. That was focused on tthey 100 lowest-performing low-profit stores of Carquest. We are pleased with those profit and sales results from those. And we recaptured about 60% to 80% of tthey revenue that was associated in those Carquest stores, obviously some variability based on markets and how well we executed. As we move into tthey broader consolidations associated with tthey market conversion plan that George outlined, we expect consolidation performance to improve and be at tthey higtheyr end of that range versus tthey lower end of that range as we work with programs that are bigger and stronger in nature to start with and we do more meticulous planning of tthey customer transitions as part of tthey larger consolidations. So that's wtheyre we're performing at ttheir point. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you so much. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer And just as a reminder, sorry, Bill, 60% to 80% is in tthey commercial part of tthey business. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. And holistically, if you include DIY, I understand that DIY is kind of tiny for those for certainly tthey Carquest stores you're closing. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah. It's not a meaningful figure. It generally disperses. And especially for those, it absolutely disperses. So it wouldn't change that number appreciably. Matttheyw Jeremy Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Higginbotham with SunTrust. Robert Higginbotham - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping to get a little more color on what really surprised you in your integration process. Was it really that things were taking longer or were just tougtheyr to execute, or was ttheyre a piece of ttheyre being a sharper reaction, if you will, from your customer base? And one thing I'm trying to get at is to tthey extent that you lost some share through ttheyse changes, do you expect to get that back, call it, immediately once you're done with those changes or you think you'll have to work harder, if you will, to win that business back? George E. Stheyrman - President Yeah, it's George. I'll start off with that and ask Bill Carter to make some comments as well. I think if you look at tthey work, again, I think if ttheyre's something that made an impression, it would be tthey cumulative effect. I don't think ttheyre's any one aspect of it that was more complicated than what we thought, and I think we're well in control of every aspect of tthey integration. It's hard work. I would call tthey combination, tthey one that has made things a bit more complicated. A lot of things falling into place at tthey same time, pricing changes, product changes. Any time we do a product replacement, you're relying on execution at multiple levels including tthey suppliers. We've had a couple of instances wtheyre it hasn't been tthey best first impression of a new part coming onboard because of tthey in-stock condition at tthey time. I think wtheyn you look at tthey pricing work, again it's a multi-phase challenge. It's not just getting tthey pricing unified; it's getting tthey activation around that new price once it's done. And that takes time, getting tthey sales team out ttheyre into tthey shop to communicate that. So it's no one single thing; it's tthey combination of all of ttheym landing at tthey same time. Bill Carter - Senior Vice President, Business Development and Integration It's tthey combination of tthey, to answer your question specifically, Robert, nothing took longer than we expected. I think it was just tougtheyr wtheyn it all added up in Q1, change for our team, and as George mentioned change due to some of tthey product and pricing changes that tthey team and tthey customer worked through. So it was more of an amalgamation of ttheym than any particular things sticking out as a surprise. Robert Higginbotham - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. And on tthey customer reaction. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Parts of it were terrific. So if I can go back to tthey cultural overlay and tthey field alignment, we asked our teams to go to 33 regions across tthey country and we combined (51:17) of our regional vice presidents come from Carquest, some of ttheym come from Advance. Ttheyy initially spoke a bit of a different language in terms of how ttheyy focus around tthey business, and that, one quarter later, has mettheyyd togettheyr very, very well. Robert Higginbotham - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Okay. That's theylpful. And in terms of winning back some of tthey business, I mean granted you're still growing commercial, but winning back some of tthey share that you presumably lost, do you expect that to happen kind of automatically, or will you have to do something incremental to get that back? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director I think while some of tthey change has been tough, and let's talk about tthey product brand alignment. Uniformly, we like wtheyre we're going. So wtheyn tthey work is done and wtheyn tthey work is behind us and we have ttheir new house of brands that we think is terrific, our team is behind it, our customer is behind it, and we're very confident that we'll win back. Bill Carter - Senior Vice President, Business Development and Integration And we've experienced ttheir in previous integrations wtheyn we did BWP and we had things disruptive. Ttheir year, it came back over time. Within a year, usually, but not instantaneously. It's not going to come back next week. So we feel good about tthey recovery. It definitely wasn't nearly as bad as what occurred in some of tthey previous ones. But that share comes back. We regain that share with customers and we do it over a reasonable period of time. Robert Higginbotham - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Got it. That's very theylpful. And my second question is really on your general pricing strategy. Historically, it seems like you've been pretty aggressive in tthey marketplace in commercial. As you harmonize pricing, is that a fair way of thinking about how you're currently going to market? Does price become less of a point of competition as you increase daily delivery and now have bigger muscle as a bigger enterprise? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah, I think that's absolutely tthey case. Wtheyn we looked at tthey pricing continuum, as you'd expect, Advance was on tthey more competitive side and Carquest was on tthey higtheyr side. We struck a point wtheyre we felt it was tthey right pricing strategy for tthey kind of commercial business that we are going to emerge as and that we've become. And that includes 5x delivery benefits. That includes a lot of tthey commercial know-how coming from Carquest that includes tthey Carquest Training Institute, that includes our TECH-NET programs, banner programs that have come out of ttheir partnership. Robert Higginbotham - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Got it. Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Hi. Thanks. Can you talk about tthey perspective of your commercial customer, what ttheyy saw differently from Advance and Carquest in tthey last quarter that resulted in tthey market share in your commercial channel I guess weakening a bit? Was it a disruption in your in-stock capabilities, your ability to hotshot a part within 30 minutes? Was it a change in tthey salesmen covering ttheyir account? If you can give us some clarity on that. George E. Stheyrman - President Sure. I'd be glad to, and I'll kind of give it to you from tthey perspective of if you were a district manager for, say, Carquest and some of tthey change that's happening right now. Those customers working with that team will have seen some product changes. Clearly, ttheyre have been changes in filters and in belts and in chassis and in gaskets and in batteries. So brands that you've been used to selling for many years, you're now in some cases selling a new one, and in all cases going forward you will be. So it's bringing tthey customer along on that journey and just showing and demonstrating tthey quality of tthey part, and I'd start it off right ttheyre. I think tthey pricing part of it has been an impact as well wtheyre ttheyre is some interim period of time wtheyre again in a market Carquest and Advance have two different prices. And ttheyn we have a new one going forward. So for those Carquest customers, ttheyy're very often seeing lower pricing. And again, we have to activate and sell more wtheyn that happens, but that's a change. Some of tthey systems tend to change for our team along tthey way. We try to make that as transparent as possible and protect our customers from change. So from a B2B standpoint, ttheyy're using tthey same systems that ttheyy always have. So I think those are tthey major changes. And we have changed some of our sales territories and that's anottheyr part of it wtheyre we did not want to have a customer have an Advance commercial account manager come knocking on tthey door and ttheyn tthey Carquest commercial account manager came knocking on tthey door 10 minutes later. That appears to be disorganized and is confusing for tthey customer, and we've changed that. So we have built new sales territories with a single representative representing both brands in some cases. But every customer has one commercial account manager only, not multiple. So in some cases, it's a new phase; in ottheyrs, it's tthey same. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Just following up on tthey previous question, I don't understand if a commercial is now, let's say, doing more business with O'Reilly or more business with NAPA, and perhaps Advance or Carquest drop down tthey first call list. If ttheyy're getting a good experience with your competitor, why are ttheyy going to toggle back to Advance two or three quarters down tthey road? George E. Stheyrman - President Well, I think we'll have converted all of our brand work. We'll have all of our availability in all of our brands lined up, our pricing lined up. I'll remind you, some of those of relationships go back for years and years. So ttheyre might be a period of time wtheyre part of our integration is showing up in a commercial shop, but we've been with ttheyse folks for a long, long time and that matters. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah, Dan. Ttheir is Darren. So part of tthey indicators I look at – because I think that's a fantastic question is that wtheyn we look at our strategic and national accounts, our growth slowed a little bit in tthey quarter, but you know what? Tthey ones that had been leading tthey way continue to lead tthey way, so wtheyttheyr that's CarMax or wtheyttheyr that's DriveTime or ottheyrs, we feel really good about that. Wtheyn I peer into tthey Carquest network, ttheyir banner programs, we grew that business in tthey quarter 7%, so those tend to be some of tthey large bay installers, and ttheyn we grew tthey TECH-NET customers specifically. Now ttheyre's only 6,500 of ttheym, but we grew those double-digits in tthey quarter as well. And those tend to be a leading indicator of tthey best relationships and we built up – or I should say, tthey Carquest team has built up a lot of great equity in terms of those relationships. Now, we did see a little bit of a pullback on tthey Advance side to some of that, weattheyr always events out. But I think wtheyn we move tthey sales people, you know what? What happened is we are not able to give as much attention as we're going through tthey process and what we have to focus on and what we're monitoring is that quarter in and quarter out, Mike talked about a 300 basis point volatility in terms of touching customers. So each period, we've seen that volatility come down a little bit. And what is it? Is that we're touching customers again on a consistent basis. And so, that's how you win people back and ttheyn you augment it, as we've said, with getting tthey pricing right, tthey product brands and tthey consistency. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And just a real quick question for Mike, on your 12% operating margin goal for 2017, you talked about 100 basis points of cost reductions. I guess that equates to about $100 million. Is that going to be back-loaded primarily to 2017 or would you expect to achieve some of that $100 million savings eittheyr late ttheir year or in 2016? Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yeah. Tthey way to think about it, Dan, is we really started that once we put ttheir acquisition togettheyr. Our operating margins were at 9.1%. Last year, we did some work on our costs. Ttheir year, we're doing some work on tthey costs. And I think you're right. It will start to accelerate into next year and ttheyn we'll probably see tthey biggest change hit us in 2017. I think we've talked about our cost before as we move to a lower cost, lower commercial model. We see opportunities at our support centers to take costs and make ourselves more efficient in those areas. IT is an area as we get rid of duplicate systems. It's a big opportunity. And ttheyn, as we improve tthey profitability and productivity and tthey variability across our store base. So we think those are big opportunities and its work that – it will be very planful. It will be very thoughtful. And ttheyn part of also getting to 12% is keeping our sales going and growing tthey comps. So that's anottheyr important dimension. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Right. Great. Thank you. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our final question today comes from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan. Christoptheyr M. Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thanks and good morning. So question asked – maybe asked prior, but a little differently ttheir time. So, I'm trying to dial in tthey impact of tthey integration impact on tthey Carquest commercial business versus tthey theyritage AAP commercial. On Carquest, ttheyre was a lot of concern that tthey business had decelerated all year in 2014 and worries that something was breaking ttheyre on tthey integration. And ttheyn, theyritage AAP commercial did very well last year. So maybe can you share some insights on Carquest and tthey theyritage AAP and maybe highlight regions that didn't have as much change impact and how those businesses performed and what tthey lift you're seeing from daily delivery in theyritage AAP? George E. Stheyrman - President Yeah. I think if you look at, Chris, tthey change for tthey Carquest commercial business, I highlight one thing, tthey beneficiary of a pricing benefit. So, certainly, we're seeing that happen and, again, that activation piece of getting tthey unit velocity back is not immediate. So if you look at wtheyre that's happening more often than not, lower pricing is happening in tthey Carquest network. Ttheyy're having to go catch up, get tthey velocity to drive tthey dollars above wtheyre it was before. Ttheyre really aren't many markets in tthey country wtheyre ttheyre is change to Carquest. Tthey best indicator of that would be tthey BWP business. And again, as Bill said, ttheyre is a trough initially, but we certainly see ourselves come out of it and build upon tthey business. In tthey 5x markets, we've been very pleased with tthey lift and tthey most recent work that we've done was Lakeland, Florida to get tthey North Florida on tthey daily delivery. Very happy with our outcomes in Florida. And ttheyn, of course, we have a new Hartford, Connecticut facility that is at about 160 stores now and beginning to ramp up more and more, bringing daily delivery to tthey Norttheyast. And we're happy with those results too. And especially tthey way that just recently with a lot of tthey change behind us in tthey Norttheyast, that market we're pleased with. Christoptheyr M. Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC So tthey daily delivery lift is basically, as you've rolled more DCs and more stores, it's been consistent with your prior experiences? Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director Yeah. That's correct. Obviously, as George said, we've been very happy with tthey impact in our Lakeland facility. And our team did a wonderful job in executing that without any interruption of service to our customers. And we're beginning to see that flow through into our new Hartford facility. And we will complete more of that work as we move through tthey year ttheir year. George E. Stheyrman - President Yeah. Probably tthey most, tthey clearest example we have is what's going on in Canada, right team? Ttheyy went through a first, littlest changed, double-digit comps. And all tthey competitive set's different, but ttheyre are some pretty good competitors up ttheyre as well and tthey team is doing a great job. Worldpac continues just, it's a very nice business, growing above our early expectations, so ttheyy're doing a nice job. And tthey BWP market, certainly, less change ttheyre and ttheyy're a leading indicator to, yeah. We just have to power through it. And so we got to finish through tthey things we got to power through, and we got to manage to tthey integration plan that we set out ttheyre. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director And I'll also say that our Dallas/Fort Worth market opening has been a great example, so we're very happy with tthey results in Dallas/Fort Worth and how we entered a new market. And we used something close to what tthey go-forward model will look like. We used tthey Carquest distribution center. It is on daily delivery. We opened up super hubs geographically spaced across tthey DFW Metroplex. We've got a combined team. Ttheyre will be some change still in those markets. It's not entirely on tthey go-forward plan, but it opened up well and certainly we like tthey outcome ttheyre. Christoptheyr M. Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC And so two quick follow-ups. So A, what did your – what was tthey first quarter earnings below your internal expectations? And B, what do you attribute tthey improvement in tthey DIY business to because tthey compares are actually tougtheyr. So was ttheir actually tthey loyalty card theylping? Thanks. Michael A. Norona - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yeah. I'll hit tthey first one, and I'll let Darren get tthey second one. I mean it's real simple. It was on tthey top line. We said it. Tthey change that George put through – discussed, we believe those are shorter-term impacts. Ttheyy had an impact on our field teams. And it impacted – and it primarily came through on our commercial sales. So that was really our shortfall. I think we were pleased with some of tthey things. Really pleased with our synergy work and what we did ttheyre. And so we're building momentum ttheyre, but really it showed up on tthey commercial sales side. Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer & Director On tthey DIY side, I think tthey single biggest change was tthey Speed Perks program; again, very happy with tthey membership base that's being built. I'll also add that we changed our marketing strategy and you'll see a shift in our marketing mix more toward TV. And on TV, you'll see ttheym in places wtheyre car guys tend to watch TV, so a car-related show on Velocity TV, a NASCAR broadcast, and we're getting very, very good feedback on that and I think it certainly highlights what's different about our loyalty program. Operator At ttheir time, I will turn tthey call back over to Zatheyed Mawani for any final comments. Zatheyed Mawani - Vice President, Finance Planning, Analysis and Investor Relations Thanks, Kenneth, and thanks to everyone for participating on our first quarter earnings conference call. That concludes our call. Thank you. Operator That concludes our call today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining us.