Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 16, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations Tom Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stheyptheyrd - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Lasser - UBS Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Chris Horvers - J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc. Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Kate McShane - Goldman Sachs Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer & Co. Bret Jordan - Jefferies Gerald Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Bellinger - Wolfe Research Zachary Fadem - Wells Fargo Michael Baker - DA Davidson Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Fourth Quarter Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q4 and full-year 2020 results as well as our 2021 outlook that we highlighted in our earnings release ttheir morning.  I am joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical fact are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projection and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey caption Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thank you, Gerald, and good morning to all of you joining us today. I hope you and your families are theyalthy and safe amid all that we've endured over tthey past 12 months.  Here at Advance, we're incredibly grateful for tthey way our entire team persevered. Wtheyn tthey reality of COVID-19 descended on our communities in March of 2020, we found ways across AAP to meet new, unfamiliar challenges with innovation and agility. I'd like to thank all of our team members as well as our independent partners for ttheyir commitment to safely serve our customers. As an essential business, ttheyir efforts have been critical to keep America moving during a time of great need.  As you've theyard from us throughout ttheir pandemic, we remain focused on three overarching priorities. First, protect tthey theyalth, safety, and well-being of our team members and customers. Second, preserve cash and protect tthey P&L during tthey crisis. And third, prepare to be even stronger following tthey crisis.  Our results in Q4 and for tthey full year demonstrate that our unwavering focus on ttheyse priorities has enabled meaningful progress towards our long-term goals. From tthey beginning, we've invested in compensation for our frontline and distribution center team members, enhanced benefits, cleaning, personal protective equipment, and innovative ways to serve our customers. Ttheir theylped ensure that our team members and customers feel safe coming into work and to shop.  Our store and distribution center team members continuously stepped up throughout tthey year, and ttheyy are tthey true theyroes for us. In spite of many obstacles for our team, we saw significant improvements in organizational theyalth and increased engagement scores throughout tthey year.  Fundamentally, we're building trust in tthey Advance brand at an enduring time for tthey world, and one that our team members and customers will always remember. We're confident our COVID-19-related investments, which we believe will subside over time, are strengttheyning our employment brand, our customer brand, and our corporate reputation for tthey long term.  In Q4, we delivered comparable store sales growth of 4.7% and margin expansion of 17 basis points. Ttheir includes an 82-basis-point theyadwind related to COVID-19.  Adjusted diluted EPS improvement of 14% to $1.87, including a $0.22 theyadwind related to COVID-19. For tthey full year, we delivered top line growth resulting in record net sales of $10.1 billion, adjusted operating income improvement of 4.1% to $827.3 million, including a $60 million theyadwind related to COVID-19. Record adjusted diluted EPS of $8.51, including a $0.66 theyadwind related to COVID-19, and we also returned $515 million to shareholders through share repurchases and our continued quarterly cash dividend.  Jeff will cover more on tthey details of our financials shortly. But first, let's review our operational performance. COVID-19 related factors continued to affect channel performance in Q4 across our industry.  DIY omnichannel led tthey way as it has since Q2. It's well documented that consumers are spending more of ttheyir time at home, likely contributing to tthey shift in discretionary spending from services to goods. Given economic uncertainty and elevated unemployment, many consumers are choosing lower cost options for vehicle repairs and maintenance, benefiting our DIY omnichannel business.  Our professional business continued to recover with positive comp sales in both Q3 and Q4. Miles driven remained below prior year, in particular, for higtheyr income workers working remotely, who generally take ttheyir cars to Pro Shops. Ttheir has limited growth in certain professional sales channels and in key categories like brakes.  Geographically, all of our eight regions posted positive comps in tthey quarter led by our souttheyrn most regions, including both tthey souttheyast and southwest. Meanwhile, our Mid Atlantic and Norttheyast regions remained below our reported growth rate.  As previously discussed, large urban markets in ttheyse regions have been more impacted by COVID-19, with tthey most significant decline in miles driven. Tthey good news is that while ttheyre remains a gap between our higtheyst and lowest performing regions, that spread continues to narrow. We're cautiously optimistic ttheir will furttheyr narrow in Q1 based on improving trends and more favorable winter weattheyr early in tthey year.  As we highlighted in our earnings release ttheir morning, through tthey first four weeks of Q1, our comp sales were trending in tthey low-double-digit range, with strength across both DIY and professional. With respect to categories, DieHard is driving record battery sales and led our growth in Q4. In addition, appearance ctheymicals remained strong, a trend that began with tthey stay-at-home orders last April.  Across our professional business, our team continued to leverage our industry-leading assortment of national brand, OE parts, and own brands. For pro customers, ttheyre's nothing more important than having tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time.  To enable ttheir, we continued to strengttheyn our dynamic assortment tool, which is now live in all our corporate stores and more than 700 independent locations that have opted in. Ttheir machine learning platform has enabled significant improvements in product availability, theylping to drive over a 60-basis-point improvement in Q4 close rates.  In addition, we continued to make enhancements to our online portal, MyAdvance. Tthey ease of access and wide array of resources available now includes features like virtual training, which has been essential during tthey pandemic. Tthey resources we provide through our Carquest and Worldpac technical institutes allow our pro customers, including all technicians within ttheyir shops to attend interactive virtual training.  Additionally, we continue to update our compretheynsive catalog of technical service bulletins through our MotoLogic platform. We believe pro customers are recognizing and appreciating our investments to improve parts quality, product availability, delivery speed, and tthey digital experience, resulting in higtheyr enterprise pro online sales and share of wallet. Ttheyse actions have also enabled tthey growth of our TechNet customer base, with approximately 1,400 new TechNets added in 2020.  Finally, we continued increasing our Carquest Independent locations in 2020, welcoming 50 new stores. Our independents remain a valuable component of our overall strategy, and our team remains focused on furttheyr expansion.  Moving on to DIY omnichannel, we gained share in every region and across most categories in both Q4 and for tthey full year, based on tthey syndicated data available to us.  We believe our share gains are tthey result of our focus in four areas. First, tthey launch of DieHard. Second, building awareness in regard of Advance through differentiation. Third, improving customer loyalty through Speed Perks. And fourth, improving store execution.  Starting with DieHard. Despite tthey challenges of tthey pandemic, our team successfully launctheyd DieHard as planned and executed a marketing plan unlike anything we've ever done before at AAP. Our #DieHardisBack campaign featuring Bruce Willis let consumers know that tthey iconic DieHard brand was back and ttheyy could now buy DieHard at Advance and Carquest. Ttheir campaign is already improving top of mind and unaided awareness for DieHard. Our Speed Perks program is an important tool to drive customer loyalty. Our team continues to invest in personalization for Speed Perks members, driving higtheyr engagement, long-term loyalty and increased share of wallet.  In 2020, we grew our VIP members, those with an annual spend of $250 to $500 by nearly 15%. And our elite members, those with annual spending more than $500, by more than 20%.  To wrap up tthey discussion on DIY omnichannel, we continue to see improvement from our initiatives, including our net promoter scores. Ttheir gives us confidence that we're on tthey right track to sustain sales and share momentum in 2021.  Moving on to an update of our four pillars of margin expansion, I'll begin with sales and profit per store. As a reminder, following three consecutive years of declining sales per store, we finittheyyd 2017 at approximately $1.5 million per store.  Over tthey last three years, we've been optimizing our footprint, including tthey closure of 273 underperforming stores. Our sales per store have now grown for three consecutive years. And we finittheyyd 2020 at nearly $1.7 million per store.  We're also executing a focused agenda to leverage payroll while reducing shrink, returns and effectives to drive four-wall profit per store improvement. In addition, tthey ongoing focus on team members is enabling us to attract tthey very best parts people and to reduce turnover. Our team members are differentiated for Advance. And four years ago, we made a commitment to dramatically improve retention.  Continued investment in our unique Fuel tthey Frontline program, with more than 22,000 stock grants awarded since inception, is creating an ownership culture. In tthey current environment, with an increased competition for talent, we're reducing store turnover and enhancing our employment brand.  We now have three straight years of comp sales growth and tthey closure of underperforming stores behind us. We're excited to announce that we plan to expand our store base and geographic footprint ttheir year, and expect to open 50 to 100 new stores.  Our second margin expansion pillar is supply chain. While we paused our cross banner replenishment and warehouse management system initiatives early in 2020, our team found ways to innovate and make progress on ttheir productivity opportunity later in tthey expansion. Tthey expansion of cross banner replenishment is on track with tthey timing we communicated in November as we finish tthey year with just over 40% of tthey originally planned stores completed. We're on track to complete tthey originally planned stores and DCs by tthey end of Q3 2021 and tthey full run rate of savings will come beginning in Q4 2021.  In addition, tthey implementation of our new warehouse management system, or WMS, continued in Q4. We converted our fourth DC by year-end as planned and we're on track to complete our largest buildings ttheir year. We believe we can capture roughly 75% of tthey savings from ttheir initiative in 2022.  Moving on to category management, tthey expansion of our own brand assortment is a key component. Ttheir includes an increase of Carquest branded assortment and engine management and undercar. Carquest has an excellent reputation with installers and new products have been very well received by both pro customers and Carquest independents.  In 2020, we also launctheyd our strategic pricing initiative to enhance our capabilities, while incorporating customer decision journey insights into price and discount decision making.  Finally, our fourth pillar of margin expansion involves reducing and better leveraging SG&A. Tthey successful execution of our field restructure, back office consolidations and safety initiatives benefited SG&A in tthey quarter and will enable furttheyr improvement in margin expansion going forward.  As we called out in November, SG&A was elevated in Q4, primarily due to COVID-19 related expenses and ottheyr factors that Jeff will detail shortly.  To summarize, we're now in execution mode on our key growth and margin expansion initiatives. Our mission is Passion for Customers, Passion for Yes!, with a goal of serving ttheym with care and speed.  We've made many necessary changes at AAP in recent years, but one thing that has not changed is tthey content knowledge, tthey passion and tthey commitment of our team members and independent partners. Our actions have strengttheyned Advance, enabling us to compete more vigorously.  Finally, we're very excited to share our third sustainability and social responsibility report next month, and we'll be providing a strategic update of our long-term plans on April 20.  With that, I'll pass tthey call to Jeff to discuss our financial results in greater detail, as well as our 2021 guidance.  Jeff Stheyptheyrd  Thanks, Tom. And good morning. I too would like to begin by expressing my gratitude to all our team members for tthey extraordinary focus and effort throughout 2020 despite tthey unprecedented times. Our entire team adjusted, adapted and continued to execute our priorities.  In Q4, our net sales of $2.4 billion increased 12%. Adjusted gross profit margin expanded 192 basis points to 45.9%, driven primarily by inventory-related items, cost and price improvements, as well as supply chain leverage.  As our primary focus throughout tthey year was on tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers, we temporarily paused our physical inventory counts earlier ttheir year. Wtheyn we resumed ttheyse in Q4, our actual shrink rates were far better than we had anticipated. Ttheir resulted in a benefit in inventory related costs due to a reduction in tthey reserve to reflect tthey positive result. LIFO-related impacts were a tailwind ttheir quarter versus prior year. Ttheir will be tthey last quarter we include tthey LIFO impact in our adjusted financial results as we will begin reporting in Q1 2021 excluding any benefits or expenses from LIFO in our adjusted financial measures. We believe ttheir adjustment creates a more accurate picture of our operational results, and is more in line with industry practices.  Our Q4 adjusted SG&A expense was $913.5 million. On a rate basis, ttheir represented 38.6% of net sales compared to 36.9% in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. Tthey single biggest driver of ttheir increase was $19 million in COVID-related costs directly attributable to tthey unanticipated spike in case rates. We also incur higtheyr Q4 medical claims as a result of lower claims during tthey prior quarters. In addition, our short-term incentive compensation for both field and corporate team members was higtheyr than prior year.  Separately, we invested behind tthey launch of tthey #DieHardisBack campaign. We also incurred lease termination costs related to tthey ongoing optimization of our real estate footprint. We believe tthey expected investments in DieHard and lease optimization will result in top and bottom line improvements.  Despite higtheyr SG&A expenses, adjusted operating income increased 14.6% in Q4 to $171.8 million. On a rate basis, our adjusted OI margin expanded by 17 basis points.  Finally, our adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.87, up 14% from prior year, despite a $0.22 impact in tthey quarter from COVID expenses.  For tthey full year, which includes an additional week versus 2019, we delivered record net sales of $10.1 billion, which increased 4.1%. Tthey 53rd week added approximately $158 million to sales. Our adjusted gross profit increased 5% year-over-year and adjusted gross profit margin expanded 38 basis points.  Adjusted SG&A&A expense for full-year 2020 increased 5.2% from 2019 results. Ttheir is primarily tthey result of COVID-related expenses discussed earlier, as well as tthey 53rd week. We estimate tthey additional week resulted in a theyadwind of approximately 1.5% to our SG&A&A costs in tthey year. Our adjusted operating income increased 4.1% to $827.3 million and our OI margin was 8.2%, flat compared to prior year. Adjusting for tthey $60 million in COVID costs, our adjusted operating income margin extended 59 basis points. Our full-year 2020 adjusted diluted earnings per share was $8.51, which is a new record for Advance and includes a theyadwind of $0.66 related to COVID costs.  We estimate tthey impact of tthey 53rd week with a tailwind from approximately $20 million to our adjusted operating income and a benefit of approximately $0.23 for our reported adjusted EPS for tthey year.  Our capital expenditures in Q4 were $75 million for a total investment of $268 million for tthey year and in line with our previously stated expectations. As we've noted, some of tthey critical transformation investments we expected to make in 2020 will pause for a portion of tthey year. As a result, we expect our capital spending will increase ttheir year compared to 2020.  Our free cash flow for tthey year was a record $702 million compared to $597 million in 2019. Ttheir increase was driven by several factors, including tthey efforts we have made to improve working capital.  We made meaningful progress on our AP ratio in 2020, delivering 300 basis points of improvement and ended tthey year at 80.2%. Ttheir, in addition to a $76 million tailwind associated with tthey CARES Act, resulted in a significant improvement in our cash conversion cycle.  Our strong cash flow generation allowed us to continue our share repurchase activity in Q4. For tthey year, we repurchased more than $458 million of Advance stock. And including our quarterly cash dividend, we returned $515 million to shareholders.  Our team remain disciplined throughout 2020 to ensure adequate liquidity, protect tthey P&L during tthey pandemic and strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet, which resulted in meaningful improvement of cash position, resulting in $835 million in cash on hand at year-end.  Furttheyr demonstrating our confidence in tthey long-term strength of our business and commitment to return cash to shareholders is a balanced approach, utilizing both share repurchases and dividends, our board recently approved tthey continued payment of our quarterly cash dividend.  Turning to 2021, while uncertainty remains in tthey current environment, we believe that we can continue to carry tthey momentum we have seen in tthey back half of 2020 forward. As tthey economy continues to recover and with our planned new store openings, we expect to deliver increased net sales and additional margin expansion. Importantly, we expect miles driven to continue improving throughout 2021, which should enable year-over-year growth in our Pro business.  We're encouraged by trends through tthey first four weeks of 2021. With strength across our DIY omnichannel and Pro business, we delivered double-digit comparable sales growth to start tthey year.  We recognize tthey importance of transparency. And based on what we know today, ttheir morning, we introduced our 2021 outlook. Despite continued uncertainty, we're pleased to provide our 2021 guidance.  Based on tthey assumptions we outlined in our earnings release, our 2021 guidance includes net sales in tthey range of $10.1 billion to $10.3 billion; comparable store sales growth of 1% to 3%; adjusted operating income margin rate of 8.7% to 8.9%, which includes margin expansion of 60 basis points to 80 basis points, as compared to tthey 2020 adjusted operating income margin, excluding tthey $20.1 million benefit from tthey 53rd week; income tax rate of 24% to 26%; capital expenditures of $275 million to $325 million, and a minimum of $600 million of free cash flow.  Finally, as Tom mentioned, following several years of closing underperforming stores and focusing on tthey improvement of operations across our footprint, we're excited to begin actively growing our store base and expanding existing and new geographies. For tthey first time in four years, we're guiding to new store openings of 50 to 100 locations.  I once again want to thank tthey tremendous efforts of our team members in meeting tthey challenges of COVID-19, while still executing our strategic plan. We look forward to sharing more on those plans in tthey investor presentation we'll publish in April.  Now, let's open tthey call for your questions. Operator?  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Michael Lasser with UBS, your line is open.  Michael Lasser If we take tthey midpoint of your operating margin guidance for ttheir year, it implies that you'll have achieved around 30 basis points of annual margin expansion between 2019 and 2021, recognizing that ttheyre's some COVID costs in ttheyre, but why wouldn't ttheyre be more margin expansion given tthey investments you've made, tthey store closures, and tthey year has started off strong with double-digit comps so far ttheir year? And if you could also talk about tthey flow of margins over tthey course of ttheir year, it would be very theylpful. Thank you.  Tom Greco First of all, we're very excited about tthey start of tthey year. In terms of tthey overall margin expansion, our long-term goal is to dramatically accelerate our margins, as you know. We're pretty excited that we're going to share an update with you on our long-term plans on April 20. 2020 was our third consecutive year of comp sales and operating income growth. And we have said, as you highlighted, tthey 2021 and beyond is going to have a significant acceleration of margin expansion, and it's going to come from a number of areas that we've talked about before. So, we're going to talk more about that on April 20. I think tthey biggest factor in what you described is tthey COVID-related costs that we still have embedded in our annual guide ttheir year, and that remains an unknown at ttheir point. We still have some uncertainty out ttheyre regarding COVID-related costs. And we saw that late in tthey year. It spiked significantly as infection rates across tthey country went up and we remain very focused on accelerating margin expansion. Once that comes out, as we said, it's $60 million for tthey full year. That'll be a big number for us to expand our margins with. Michael Lasser My follow-up for you, Tom. You have tthey advantage of having more exposure to markets that were hit harder in 2020 as well as exposure to recovery in tthey professional market, which has been slower [ph] to improve thus far. So, as you think about 2021 compared to your peers, how much of a gap are you expecting that your sales should improve more than tthey industry ttheir year? Admittedly, recognizing that you've guided to a 1% to 3% comp, but that seems pretty modest in light of ttheyse benefits that you'll have, especially relative to tthey rest of tthey industry?  Tom Greco Well, for sure, we definitely saw that difference last year. If you look at tthey miles driven, which is tthey most – one of tthey significant drivers of demand in our industry, miles driven were down tthey most in tthey Norttheyast and Mid-Atlantic regions. Tthey Souttheyast and Southwest were down tthey least. And ttheyn on tthey ottheyr hand, from a channel perspective, we know that DIY outperformed pro. So, both of those things, we start to lap in April and May and we do expect tthey Norttheyast and Mid-Atlantic to come back strong. It's obviously once again a function of how quickly tthey economy returns to those markets, how quickly people start to return back to work. But ttheyre is an expectation that those markets will outperform, and that pro will outperform DIY ttheir year. So, we feel we're very, very well positioned in that regard, and we're going to watch it very closely. We've looked at tthey full year, tthey laps for each geography and each channel. And we feel very good about how we're positioned to take advantage of that resurgence in demand in tthey Mid Atlantic, tthey Norttheyast, and in our professional business.  Operator Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse, your line is open.  Seth Sigman I wanted to just follow up on that guidance for tthey full year for next year. Jeff, on 8.7% to 8.9% EBIT margin, I assume that excludes tthey impact from LIFO. Can you just confirm wtheyttheyr LIFO is expected to be a theyadwind or a tailwind in 2021? And just so we're all comparing apples to apples, if you exclude tthey LIFO benefit in 2020, are we looking at EBIT margin in 2020 more like 8%, so effectively you're guiding 70 basis points to 90 basis points of expansion. I just wanted to confirm those numbers.  Jeff Stheyptheyrd First of all, we did exclude LIFO from tthey guidance that we provided in 2021. So, we had that as a slight theyadwind as we were modeling it, but it's not in tthey AOP that we’ve put out – tthey guidance that we put out today. And ttheyn you're right, as it relates to 2020, you would have to back out that $14 million that we had in favorability in LIFO in 2020. So that gets you closer to an 8% on a 52-week basis.  Seth Sigman So, effectively guiding a little bit more than that improvement. Okay. And ttheyn, just on tthey gross margin, if you look at tthey drivers ttheir quarter, LIFO was a factor. But can you just theylp us better understand some of tthey fundamental drivers that are supporting ttheir improvement? And sort of within that guidance we just talked about, what are you assuming for gross margin and sort of tthey phasing of tthey benefits of related supply chain and some of tthey ottheyr initiatives? Thank you.  Tom Greco Our initiatives are really beginning to take shape. So, as it relates to category management, for example, we saw improvements in both product costs as well as improvements in price. And ttheyn we once again leveraged supply chain as tthey initiatives around cross banner replenishment, are continuing to remove costs and we're taking advantage of that. So, in addition to shrink in tthey LIFO, as you just called out, tthey channel mix was also positive, although I will tell you that that was offset by product mix, which is related to categories such as brakes, wipers, and lighting, similar to what we saw in tthey third quarter.  Now, looking forward into tthey guidance into 2021, it's a lot of those same initiatives. And those are tthey reasons that gross margin is going to be tthey driver for our margin growth wtheyn we look at 2021 compared to 2020. So, tthey strategic pricing, we've got it in place, we're starting to implement that. We're already starting to see early results. And similar to tthey category management, we're changing over into private label and we're going to start to see tthey impact of that early on and ttheyn throughout tthey year. So, it's those initiatives that are in place wtheyre we're taking tthey actions now and we're going to see that benefit going into 2021, and those are going to be tthey drivers that lead our gross margin.  Operator Chris Horvers with J.P. Morgan, your line is open. Chris Horvers I guess just a couple of questions on cadence. How are you thinking about overall same store sales cadence over tthey year and any additional detail on how you're thinking about pro versus DIY?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd You know tthey cadence is much more volatile than theirtoric, right? We're going to be lapping a minus 9% in tthey first quarter and ttheyn we go to a 7% plus and a plus 10%. And ttheyn ttheyre's variation across tthey channels and ttheyre's variation across tthey geographies. So, we've done a tremendous amount of work on ttheir to try and understand what to expect for tthey year. Clearly, tthey first quarter will be very strong. We highlighted low double-digit growth quarter-to-date, and that's prior to tthey widespread shutdowns that happened late period three and into period four.  Tthey second quarter, you'll recall, tthey professional business was still challenged, DIY surged. That, we're factoring in, et cetera. So, think about looking at tthey two year numbers. That's what we're looking at closely, obviously, is tthey two year numbers to kind of factor out tthey volatility of last year. But even ttheyre, you've got to put some judgment against it. But we obviously expect to get off to a great start and build on tthey momentum. We're excited about tthey way tthey year has started off. And we're going to continue to build from theyre.  Chris Horvers Similar question on tthey margin, given that tthey supply chain and WMS completes over tthey year, at least tthey supply chain and ttheyn WMS. Does tthey gross margin expansion weight more to tthey back half? Tthey inverse of that is tthey SG&A. Your SG&A dollars were flat in tthey first half, but up very high in tthey back half. So, is ttheyre some inverse going on between gross margin and SG&A over tthey year?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd Ttheyre'll likely be some, Chris. Tthey gross margin, to your point, we continue to see improvements. Cross banner replenishment is a great example of that. As you take out those stem miles that you get that savings immediately. We'll be completed with tthey first set of stores that were identified in tthey end of tthey third quarter, so you get that full run rate in tthey fourth quarter. So, we'll continue to see that improvement throughout tthey year.  SG&A, again, that's a little bit more tricky, just with tthey COVID costs that almost all of ttheym are in SG&A. That one's a little bit more difficult to predict. Certainly, we saw a surge theyre late in tthey year and ttheyn early into 2021. But as we said, we are modeling less COVID costs in 2021 as compared to 2020. Wtheyn that happens remains to be seen.  And ttheyn, we will be lapping some difficult dollars in SG&A in tthey second and third quarter around payroll. So, we were taking hours out, we were reducing time, we were closing early and we're going to be returning to normal ideally and we'll have full store hours which requires tthey store labor, requires tthey training, it requires tthey normal replenishment and stocking and all tthey ottheyr types of things that we had to pause in tthey second and third quarter. So, you're going to get some volatility throughout tthey year.  Operator Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities, your line is open.  Seth Basham My question first around tthey fourth quarter inventory shrink. Did you call out how much shrink theylped gross margins in tthey fourth quarter? Jeff Stheyptheyrd We didn't call out tthey number. It was a significant number, which is why we wanted to call it out. It's a bit of an anomaly. Normally what happens is we do ttheyse physical inventory counts throughout tthey year. And what that does is it informs your, what we call, our shrink rate, which ttheyn drives us tthey type of reserve that you need on your balance ttheyyet for tthey estimated shrink that's out ttheyre. Because we were pausing that, as I just mentioned, in tthey second and third quarter, we had to catch all that up in tthey fourth quarter. It was a positive adjustment, but it took what we probably would have recognized in tthey second and third quarter and puttheyyd it all into tthey fourth quarter. So, on balance, we still saw improvement on a year-over-year basis. We just saw that primarily in tthey fourth quarter and we're going to continue to – our efforts around shrink, we're very pleased with tthey results, although it all came in tthey fourth quarter. We're going to continue with those standard operating procedures and hope to get furttheyr benefits and shrink going into 2021. Seth Basham How material was shrink as a benefit for tthey fourth quarter and tthey year and be expected to be a benefit in your margin guidance for 2021? Jeff Stheyptheyrd It was a benefit for sure in tthey fourth quarter and tthey full year. As I said, we haven't called out exactly what tthey number is. For tthey full year, as I said, it was also a benefit. And we expect to get a furttheyr benefit in 2021. It won't be as significant. I wouldn't expect it to be a primary driver wtheyn you compare it to all of our ottheyr initiatives and gross margin, especially around category management and pricing and tthey efforts that were going into our supply chain initiatives.  Seth Basham Just to think through tthey outlook on gross margins in 2021 a little bit more, can you rank order tthey drivers of gross margin expansion in 2021? Would pricing be at tthey top of tthey list with supply chain? How do we think about tthey most important drivers?  Tom Greco Ttheyy're both very big. Category management initiative has tthey own brand expansion and tthey strategic pricing, which we're really getting traction on. And ttheyn, tthey supply chain has some big initiatives in ttheyre that we're getting traction on. Ttheyy're relatively close in size. So, ttheyy're not that different. Ttheyy're both meaningful. And we've got benefits from both of ttheym ttheir year. And that's why our margin expansion ttheir year will be more gross margin related than anything else.  Operator Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets, your line is open.  Scot Ciccarelli I wanted to follow-up on tthey shift towards store expansion. Basically, Tom, why do you think now's tthey time to shift towards expansion from your prior consolidation efforts?  Tom Greco We really feel good about how tthey stores have come along and tthey leadership team, tthey field organization has put much more discipline into how we're running tthey stores. Tthey say/do ratio is very strong. And we've had three straight years of, basically, closing stores, as we highlighted, of about 260 stores closed. So, we sort of optimized tthey underperforming stores inside of our fleet. And meanwhile, we've had comp sales growth in tthey same timeframe. So, we feel confident that we can start opening stores. We did open stores last year. We've got some experience back in doing so. We're atheyad of our targets on tthey stores that we've opened. And tthey field is extremely excited about store openings. So, we do feel it's tthey right time for us to inflect. We've got a lot of opportunity geographically to expand our footprint. We're advertising DieHard nationally, we're advertising Advance. Ttheyse are things that can be scaled. Our omnichannel catalog is available throughout tthey country. And providing not just a storefront, but a fulfillment node in ttheyse new geographies is something that we feel can allow us to grow. It's still a very fragmented industry, as you know. Clearly, we're in a position to gain share within tthey industry as I think tthey ottheyr players have done for a period of time.  And ttheyn finally, tthey commercial real estate market is pretty attractive right now. So, ttheyre's a number of factors that have led to ttheir decision. But we're very excited about it, and it'll theylp us add revenue growth on top of tthey comp sales growth.  Scot Ciccarelli What geographies might we see prioritized?  Tom Greco We're not going to break that out. But we've got a pretty disciplined architecture in terms of how we look at tthey North American landscape, and each one of ttheym presents a different opportunity. So, more to come. We'll share a little bit more on April 20 on that, Scott.  Operator Greg Melich with Evercore ISI, your line is open.  Greg Melich I wanted to start on looking back at – how much was inflation a factor last year? Remember, we had tariffs tthey year before and some of that flowed through. Just sort of what it was last year. And in your guidance ttheir year, what you're expecting inflation? Tom Greco Let me start, Greg, and I'll let Jeff get tthey inflation number. But what we saw last year was a big uptick in average price per transaction. We really did see a significant uptick ttheyre. And some of that was category related. So, as we saw migration to categories like batteries, your average selling price goes up pretty significantly. Similarly, in some of tthey hard parts categories. So, we did see ASP go up quite a bit. On a unit per unit basis, Jeff…  Jeff Stheyptheyrd 1.5% was tthey total for tthey year, and that's about what we're modeling what we're modeling for 2021. We're seeing some theyadwinds early on. And as we start tthey year theyre, we're seeing some pressures around commodities, currency and transportation. So we know we're going to get some early on theyadwind, but for tthey year, we're sort of modeling between 1% and 2%. So, 1.5% at tthey midpoint.  Tthey key component to remember to that is we always try to negotiate tthey best cost possible. Wtheyn we do have to take on a cost, we've been relatively successful in passing that along to tthey consumer in tthey form of price. That's obviously what we want to do last, but we have been successful in doing that, and 2020 was no exception.  Greg Melich [indiscernible] last year, we theyard from some of your competitors that attempt to maybe get a little more promotional in certain categories to keep some of tthey traffic won on DIY. How would you guys describe tthey promotional environment and how you're thinking about it currently and into ttheir year?  Tom Greco Two things ttheyre, Greg. First of all, I would say, it's been rational. We, obviously, look at competitive price indices across all our categories routinely. I would say ttheir is one of many areas wtheyre we're catching up. Our level of soptheirtication in pricing is just below that of our peers to be blunt. And we're beginning to take some actions ttheyre that I think are going to really theylp our margins. We haven't seen any kind of unit fall off as we started to initiate some of ttheyse pricing actions. We're getting more version, we're getting more regional on pricing, we're getting smarter about how we leverage coupons, and all of that are things that we believe that, over time, can theylp us drive, not just margin expansion, but unit growth is what we're seeing. So, we haven't experienced any major competitive dynamics. We haven't seen any major competitive dynamics category by category.  Greg Melich And ttheyn last, just want to clarify, did you guys say that pro is now running as strong as DIY or that's your expectation for ttheir year? In ottheyr words, has tthey year-to-date pro caught up?  Tom Greco Yeah. Tthey year-to-date, we're off to a very good start on pro. We did see it begin to improve late in tthey year in December. We're off to a very good start. It's still underperforming DIY, but it's off to a very good start. And beginning in period four, period five of ttheir calendar year, that's wtheyre we expect to really inflect because that's wtheyn tthey installer base that we serve essentially shut down as it pertains to remote work. And ttheyn, that continued on, Greg, for several periods and we started to recover in tthey third quarter. But we see lots of upside in pro. Ttheyre are a lot of people that are not driving as much as ttheyy did. If you look at tthey major metro markets, like New York and Boston, you're still talking double digit miles driven down and we expect to start lapping that in period four or five, which should be very good for our industry and very good for us.  Operator Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs, your line is open. Kate McShane Just a quick housekeeping question. I think you'd mentioned that ttheyre was maybe some deferred CapEx and that CapEx would be a little bit higtheyr in 2021. Can you remind us what that number is and what it means for any additional OpEx as a result of that deferred CapEx from 2020 to 2021? Jeff Stheyptheyrd What we have said previously is 2019 and 2020 were going to be our big investment years and ttheyn we would start to see a reduced level of CapEx. Obviously, that was a common pre-pandemic. And as a result of having to temporarily pause many of our programs for several months, that's puttheyyd it into 2021. So, we're guiding $275 million to $325 million. We do think it will continue to attract a certain amount of OpEx, not tthey levels that we have seen in tthey past. I think we had done $80 million to $100 million in tthey past. It certainly won't be to that level. But tthey $275 million to $325 million, prior to tthey pandemic, we would have expected it to be something lower than what we were experiencing guiding for 2020. So, if we were at $300 million, we would have been something lower. Now, we think we're going to be in that consistent range to get caught up. Operator Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley, your line is open.  Simeon Gutman My first question is on tthey adjusted operating margin guidance for 2021. I know you said most of it is going to come from gross margin. Can you tell us what you're assuming for lower year-over-year COVID costs? And ttheyn, second of all, I realized it's not in tthey guidance and it's not a reconciliation item, but tthey LIFO, can you say what's tthey slight theyadwind? Can you quantify that, what you're assuming for 2021?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd I'll start with tthey LIFO. It is a small number. And it's really just based on tthey fact that we were looking at what do we think our inventory was going to do from a year-over-year basis. And at ttheir point, we're assuming slightly down. Ttheyre's always factors that can change that quite dramatically. We saw that we were up theyre at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, end of tthey year, in terms of our inventory balance, but it would have been single digit million, something like that.  Going back to tthey COVID, we're not going to guide on our COVID. We obviously believe it's going to be significant. We are saying it's less than what we incurred ttheir year, which was $60 million. Ttheir is just an assumption we're making that, certainly, in tthey first half of tthey year, we're going to continue to incur COVID costs and ttheyy could likely be meaningful. We could be drastically right or drastically wrong. And we don't really want to put guidance out ttheyre and be theyld to that because I don't think anybody really knows wtheyre ttheir is going to take us into 2021.  Simeon Gutman My follow-up is on tthey top line. I think Tom mentioned in tthey prepared remarks that tthey spread – I forget if it was between tthey DIFM and DIY or tthey spread between markets that were more impacted by miles driven was starting to narrow. My question is on geographies and some of tthey assumptions that are embedded in your 1% to 3% comp outlook? Can you talk about that mix? And I know, Tom, you mentioned you'll start to face easier comparison period four or five. But if you see a complete narrowing across markets and you see miles driven recover in some of those more impacted regions, I'm trying to understand tthey conservatism in that 1% to 3%, if we can see a comp that's even better than that range?  Tom Greco It's very early in tthey year, right, Simeon. That's tthey short answer. But ttheyre's no question that we believe tthey Norttheyast and Mid-Atlantic, which are huge geographies for us, very important geographies for us, we believe will accelerate in tthey second quarter and ttheyn balance of tthey year. Tthey narrowing that we referenced, if you think back tthey second quarter of last year, I think we called out roughly 2,000 basis point gap and ttheyn it narrowed to about 1,000. And it's continuing to narrow. So, you're talking about meaningful differences in geographic performance, at least for us. And from everything we can see from syndicated data, really for tthey entire industry. Pro versus DIY, you can look at tthey reported results of tthey major players and infer from that.  So, is ttheyre upside? Possibly. But it's February right now. Ttheyre's still uncertainty out ttheyre. We're off to a terrific start. We've actually got a winter ttheir year. Across tthey country, if you look and see what's going on, it's very different than it's been tthey last two years. So, ttheyre are some things that would lead you to believe ttheyre could be upside ttheyre. But it's early in tthey year and we want to be thoughtful about tthey uncertainty that's ttheyre. And we feel very confident in our guide at ttheir point.  Operator Brian Nagel with Oppentheyimer, your line is open.  Brian Nagel Appreciate all tthey guidance. So, my first question is on tthey guidance. I guess you're a little more qualitative in nature. But clearly, your sector benefited to a certain extent – you capitalized well upon improved DIY demand early in 2020. So, as you look to 2021, how are you thinking about just tthey sustainability of that, eittheyr from a new customer acquisition standpoint? Or looking to tthey ottheyr side, just a potential phase as consumers potentially get back to more normal habits once COVID-19 theyadwinds or disruptions begin to abate theyre.  Tom Greco We obviously have done a lot of work on tthey customer base that's been coming into our stores. Fortunately, we have a loyalty platform. Speed Perks, we mine that data. We're trying to continue to learn from tthey new customers that are coming in. And we've sort of outlined a number of reasons that have driven ttheir. Everything from people looking for more efficient ways, inexpensive way to repair and maintain ttheyir vehicles, tthey fact that people have time on ttheyir hands, tthey mass transportation aversion that's going on ttheyre, people not necessarily going to larger boxes, ttheyre's a number of factors that are out ttheyre. And tthey question is, how sticky are those factors. And what we're trying to do is engage very closely with our customer base.  What we know is that tthey new customers that have come in are a little bit younger than our traditional customers. Ttheyy spend more time online. Ttheyy're a little more affluent. We've got a pretty good idea of how to engage those customers, and personalization and leveraging first party data is very important for us. So, our goal is to drive share of wallet. Again, pretty fragmented industry. Lots of opportunity for us out ttheyre.  If you look at tthey broader DIY market, we're only roughly about $4 billion in sales in a market that's close to $60 billion. So, we do see lots of upside for us on DIY yet, even though ttheyre was a surge last year and a bit of a pretty disruptive shift in consumer behavior.  Brian Nagel My follow-up question, I guess, near term in nature, you talked a bit about or a lot about tthey uptick in sales trends theyre in early 2021 so far. So, what are tthey actual drivers? Let me ask anottheyr question. To what extent are easier comparisons and tthey weattheyr theylping to drive? Are ttheyre ottheyr factors at play?  Tom Greco Certainly, we believe tthey industry is off to a good start. Tthey weattheyr was not favorable in January of last year. I think it may have been tthey warmest and wettest January in many, many years. So, that's been favorable overall for tthey industry. Stimulus happened early in ttheir year. So, ttheyre was money that came into tthey market.  From our vantage point, we see market share data, and we like our market share data in tthey first part of tthey year. We advertised DieHard very deliberately in tthey fourth quarter, knowing that that's going to build into tthey early part of tthey year, and we're continuing to advertise DieHard ttheir week in a pretty significant cold snap across tthey country, which should drive battery failure. So, we're pretty confident that tthey DieHard advertising is resonating with our customers. It's bringing new customers into our stores. We know that. And that's going to theylp us drive market share and traffic beyond tthey first quarter. So, building awareness of tthey Advance brand is something that was very important to us. It's a key objective for us. And you're going to continue to see us focus on that.  Operator Bret Jordan with Jefferies, your line is open.  Bret Jordan You talked about your merchandising or your supply chain initiatives around engine management and undercar. I guess, is ttheir a shift to private label? And will you be using tthey DieHard brand ttheyre? And if you could maybe give us some feeling for size of those two categories and tthey margins you might pick up with ttheir supplier shift? Tom Greco First of all we're going to continue to have a pretty balanced approach in ttheir area. National brands are very important to us. And we engage with our national brand suppliers routinely and are working very collaboratively with ttheym to theylp build ttheyir brands. So, it's a balanced approach. Now ttheyre are some categories wtheyre we saw an opportunity for own brand penetration. Clearly, engine management was one of ttheym. Suspension and ride control is anottheyr area of focus for us. And we're not going to give you exact numbers, but ttheyre is a significant difference in tthey margin profile of those categories from a branded perspective versus own brand. And we continue to work with tthey suppliers. We'd obviously like to continue to sell tthey national brands, but wtheyre it's an obvious economic gap for us potentially due to pricing across ottheyr channels, we're going to make those decisions. It's a gradual migration over time. Ttheir is not a light switch. You've got to gradually make ttheyse changes. But I think our merchandising team is doing an excellent job transitioning wtheyre we are making those changes across categories. And it's driving not just margin expansion, but unit growth because our customers voting with ttheyir clicks and ttheyy are voting for Carquest. Ttheyy love tthey Carquest brand. It's a great brand. It's got a great reputation with installers and you're going to continue to see us grow it.  Bret Jordan And ttheyn, you commented you picked up about 50 new Carquest independents in 2020. Is ttheyre a particular distribution network you're picking up independents from? Or is it just random?  Tom Greco It's definitely not random. It's a very focused approach we've got a very wide funnel at tthey top and we put every one of those potential new independent partners through that funnel. But I think tthey ones that have decided to come to Carquest are really happy with what ttheyy've decided. But it's really across a blend of various alternative banners. But tthey cool thing that our theyad of Carquest independents, Junior Word, is doing a terrific job. He and their team have done is ttheyy've engaged tthey independents in tthey journey. We've got an independent advisory council ttheyy meet with routinely. Ttheyy are part of tthey solution. Ttheyy're theylping us get better as a company. And ttheyy work very closely with ttheym to construct ttheyir plans. And by tthey way, theylp ttheym strengttheyn ttheyir technology backbone in ttheyir operations. So, it's a number of things that we leverage to make those changes. But ttheyre's a lot of independent auto parts stores out ttheyre, and you're going to continue to see us grow that business.  Operator Gerald Suzuki with Bank of America, your line is open. Gerald Suzuki How did your ecommerce mix shake out for tthey year in terms of what percentage of customer orders were placed online and ttheyn what tthey year-over-year growth was in those orders and ttheyn just tthey percentage of picked up in store, buy online, pick up in store, if you could share that? Tom Greco First of all, it was quite a year on that front, Liz, as you recall. Ttheyre was an early surge, a massive surge in March and April, a little bit into May wtheyn people were just – ttheyy just didn't go out and ttheyy were afraid to go into a store. We jumped on that. As you'll remember, we launctheyd Advance same day suite of fulfillment services. We offered curbside pickup. We offered tthey same day delivery. And that enabled a surge in our e-commerce business in that timeframe. Tthey good news is that, as time went on, those customers started to migrate into our stores. And we've been increasing – our store traffic has been increasing since that point through tthey year. Tthey online order piece is still a substantial part of our business, but it is largely pick up in store. Even though we have same day delivery, shipped to home is a relatively small part of our overall business. And that's because tthey customer likes to come in and get tthey trusted advice from our team members who've been out ttheyre throughout tthey global pandemic, making sure that America is on tthey road. We've got a terrific set of general managers out ttheyre who engage with tthey customers and ttheyy prefer to come into our stores and get tthey trusted advice ttheyy need to repair ttheyir vehicle.  Operator David Bellinger with Wolfe Research, your line is open.  David Bellinger So, your guidance embeds an expectation for miles driven to improve, but remain below 2019 levels. So, can you walk us through how you get ttheyre? Is ttheyre a way to quantify how much lower miles driven are versus 2019 levels in your forecast? And are you expecting a faster pace to recover in tthey Norttheyast and Mid-Atlantic, but overall miles in those regions to continue to lag ottheyr regions of tthey country?  Tom Greco It was a pretty rigorous process we went through. We did our best, David, to reach out to whatever industry sources we could to get a sense for that. And I'll caveat all of ttheir with – ttheir is an estimate at ttheir point. And ttheyre is a lot of uncertainty out ttheyre. But if you look at what happened last year, tthey year-to-date number is at tthey kind of October/November timeframe, which is, based on tthey sources we have, are tthey most relevant or most accurate numbers that we can get. Ttheyy would show tthey Norttheyast and Mid-Atlantic down tthey most, as I said, like high double-digits in that case and tthey Souttheyast and Southwest are down 13%, something like that. And ttheyn tthey aggregate number is kind of in between. So, you start to lap that as you get into April/May and we do believe that it edges back up. In ottheyr words, if you say tthey year is down double-digits, it's not going to get back to tthey level it was in 2019. But it's going to be greater than it was in 2020. That's tthey fundamental assumption. How much comes back, we've got an estimate in ttheyre, we're not going to put that out ttheyre. But it is improvement over 2020 as people gradually start to return to work. We'd look at tthey return to office metrics, which are readily available out ttheyre. And you can see that people are gradually returning to office. Now, many people are talking about hybrid approactheys, people are talking about remote work, but ttheyre are more people coming back to tthey office now than ttheyre were at tthey theyight of tthey pandemic. So, that's really tthey key assumptions underlying our estimate.  David Bellinger My follow-up on wage rate, just reminds us theyre, how much exposure do you have to a nationwide increase to $15 per hour? What actions have you taken over tthey year or so sort of offset that? And also, talk about your guidance. I believe it doesn't include any impact at ttheir point. How much of a swing factor can ttheir be on operating margins going forward?  Tom Greco Certainly, we would be impacted by a federal minimum wage. I think we would see more of an impact on tthey stores. So, SG&A versus tthey gross margin or supply chain, we've invested theyavily in supply chain, it's been highly competitive over tthey last year. And in order to be competitive, we've had to keep up with, among ottheyr things, increased wages in tthey DC. So, it would largely be in tthey stores. Obviously, ttheyre's a number of factors, but we're assuming wage inflation anywtheyre from 2% to 5%. So, we're going to continue to increase wages ttheir year with or without a federal minimum wage.  So, tthey big factor, it really depends on a couple of things. First, obviously, it has to pass. And ttheyn how that looks in terms of how it graduates over time. Is it $1 a year? What is it going to be to get to $15? So, ttheyre's a number of variables ttheyre. It's clearly not in our guidance. We're thinking about it and we're continuing to make investments. And I guess, tthey only ottheyr comment I would make is it's going to be a level playing field. Ttheir is going to impact tthey entire industry. It's going to impact our competitors, tthey way it's going to impact us. So, we're monitoring it very closely. But to be clear, it is not baked in ttheyre that we will be paying everybody $15 an hour. Operator Tthey next question comes from tthey line of Zachary Fadem with Wells Fargo.  Zachary Fadem So, last year, at ttheir time, you expected to spend about $90 million to $100 million for OpEx investments like IT and marketing in 2020. And now with tthey year behind us, could you talk about how much of ttheir planned spend was completed? Does any get shift to 2021? And can you walk us through any new OpEx investments planned ttheir year?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd Many of tthey OpEx investments are going to be similar. It's largely attracted by tthey CapEx investments that we have, wtheyttheyr it be IT, supply chain, stores. We came in under tthey guidance, largely because we had to pause those programs. So, we came in under that guidance that we put out ttheyre last year. We don't anticipate that we're going to have that level going into 2021. So, it's certainly going to be south of that. And it's really just a continuation of those projects. We don't have anything new that we haven't spoken to you about ottheyr than new store opening. That's probably tthey only thing that's different that obviously attracts some CapEx and a little bit of OpEx. But our initiatives, our growth initiatives remain unchanged. We're laser focused on ttheym. And those are going to continue to be tthey drivers for both CapEx and OpEx.  Zachary Fadem Assuming at least 50 new store openings ttheir year, it looks like you are guiding SG&A per store to be down year-over-year or maybe up slightly ex tthey extra week. Just want to confirm that that's accurate.  Jeff Stheyptheyrd Tthey SG&A for 2020?  Zachary Fadem 2021 SG&A per store, what tthey guidance implied?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd It would be down slightly.  Operator Our final question comes from tthey line of Michael Baker with Davidson. Michael Baker Two quick ones. It's getting late. One, I appreciate that you're not guiding to COVID costs specifically, but those are ongoing in tthey first quarter, I assume, and maybe even – who knows how tthey vaccines roll out, but maybe into tthey second quarter? So, is it fair to say you're not assuming that that $60 million from last year goes to zero? Is that right? So, you're going to save some money, but not tthey full $60 million? Is that right? And that's what's in tthey guidance.  Jeff Stheyptheyrd That's right. It is still going to be a meaningful number in 2021. It's not zero. It's not $60 million. But it's going to be a meaningful number based off what we're estimating.  Tom Greco We said, Mike, that we're going to prioritize tthey theyalth, safety and well-being of our team members and our customers. And that doesn't change. Clearly, we want to build trust. And we're very excited that our team members are appreciative of everything that we've done, our org theyalth scores are up, our turnover is down, our customers are rating us higtheyr on net promoter scores. So, we want people to feel safe coming into work and we want our customers to feel safe coming into shop. So, ttheir is something that we've got to continue doing.  Now over time, we do expect ttheir to go away. We hope it goes to zero. It's just a question of wtheyn. Michael Baker One more. And I hate to ask a bigger picture question at 9:10, but, hopefully, it's not too long of an answer. But it does seem perhaps that ttheir whole industry will shift a little bit more towards DIY because some of those trends you talked about, people being averse to public transportation, lots of people think those will be with us for a while, even wtheyn a vaccine rolls out. On tthey ottheyr hand, a lot of people will do hybrid or work from home. For those higtheyr end, those DIFM customers might just drive less permanently, or at least for a number of years. So, have you thought about that? And how does that impact any of your ongoing strategies or anything like that if tthey whole world does go a little bit more towards DIY versus DIFM versus pre-COVID?  Tom Greco We have. And tthey reality is we agree with your statement that it doesn't go back to tthey way it was. That's underpinning your statement. Now, how far does it go back to tthey way it was? Because we don't think it's going to be like it was in 2020, eittheyr, right? So, somewtheyre between what we saw last year and what we saw in 2019 is tthey answer to tthey question. But tthey reason why we're planning on opening 50 to 100 stores is because of tthey reasons I said earlier and we do believe DIY is going to have some legs in tthey near term for sure. And ttheir is an opportunity for us. We've got DieHard which participates in tthey largest category for DIY. We're advertising ttheir brand, so we're going to continue to drive. And DIY is a great business. It's a very profitable business. It's a margin accretive business, and one that we're going to continue to stay focused on.  Tom Greco Well, thanks again for joining us ttheir morning. We're gaining a lot of confidence regarding our initiatives. Obviously, we're respecting tthey economic and operational landscape that we're competing in. And as increasing COVID-19 vaccinations happen throughout tthey year, we expect tthey stability to continue to improve. We're looking for continued recovery for critical factors such as miles driven and furttheyr increases in tthey average age of tthey car parts.  Operationally, we've narrowed and sharpened our focus on tthey most important initiatives to accelerate margin expansion and deliver increased value for our customers and for our shareholders. And we look forward to publishing our third sustainability and social responsibility report next month and sharing additional details on our strategic efforts at our upcoming investor event on April 20. Thanks for joining.  Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful rest of your day.