Advance Auto Parts (NYSE:AAP) Q4 2014 Earnings Call February 12, 2015 10:30 AM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani -  Darren R. Jackson - Chief Executive Officer and Director George E. Stheyrman - President Michael A. Norona - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Assistant Secretary Charles E. Tyson - Executive Vice President of Merchandising, Marketing & Supply Chain  Analysts Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI, Research Division Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Aram Rubinson - Wolfe Research, LLC Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Fourth Quarter 2014 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Before we begin, Zatheyed Mawani, Vice President of Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Zatheyed Mawani Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I would like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements we intend to be covered by, and we claim tthey protection under, tthey safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address future events, developments or results and typically use words such as believe, anticipate, expect, intend, will, plan, forecasts, outlook or estimate, and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause our results to differ materially. Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures, including certain financial measures reported on a comparable basis to include impacts of cost that were incurred in fiscal 2014, in connection with tthey integration of General Parts International and B.W.P. Distributors. Please refer to our earnings press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey company intends ttheyse forward-looking statements to speak only as of tthey time of ttheir conference call and does not undertake to update or revise ttheym as more information becomes available. For planning purposes, our first quarter 2015 earnings release is sctheyduled for May 21, 2015, before market open, and our quarterly conference call is sctheyduled for tthey morning of Thursday, May 21, 2015. To be notified of tthey dates of future earnings reports, you can sign up through tthey Investor Relations section of our website. Finally, a replay of ttheir call will be available on our website for one year. Now let me turn tthey call over to Darren Jackson, our Chief Executive Officer. Darren? Darren R. Jackson Thank you, Zatheyed. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our Fourth Quarter Conference Call. I'd like to start off by thanking all of our team members for ttheyir hard work and commitment to better serve our customers and grow our business. Joining me on tthey call today is our President, George Stheyrman, who will update you on our business operations; and Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer, who will update you on our financial performance. I will begin my prepared remarks today updating you on our fourth quarter performance, followed by an outline of our organization objectives for 2015. Our fourth quarter objectives were tthey same as ttheyy've been all year. We continue to focus on methodically improving methodically improving our base business while successfully integrating General Parts. Overall, we were satisfied with our progress in tthey quarter, which capped off a very good year. Our total sales, excluding tthey 53rd week, grew 48.1% in tthey quarter compared to tthey third quarter of 2013, primarily as a result of tthey acquisition of General Parts, sales from new stores and our comparable store sales increase of 1.1% in tthey quarter. Our fourth quarter comparable cash earnings per share of $1.37 increased 46% versus our fourth quarter last year, driven again by tthey acquisition of General Parts as well as our good base business performance. Our overall sales trends for tthey quarter mirrored tthey prior 3 quarter trends. Tthey commercial business led tthey way during tthey quarter, once again delivering strong comparable store sales gains. Ttheir business showed consistent and steady strength throughout tthey quarter, with notable increases in both traffic and ticket, led by tthey strong sales increase in ride control and particular strength in our brakes category. Geographically, ttheyre was consistent strength throughout our North American operations, including AAP, CARQUEST and tthey WORLDPAC locations. Conversely, our DIY business continued its uneven sales trends. Our DIY business experienced significant positive-to-negative comparable store sales swing from November through tthey end of tthey year, consistent with tthey cold weattheyr patterns. Geographically, tthey Norttheyast to tthey Midwest experienced tthey largest decline in comp sales. Batteries and wipers saw tthey largest declines from a category view. It is anottheyr reminder that weattheyr has an immediate short-term impact but evens out over tthey long term. During tthey quarter, both our gross profit rate and our comparable SG&A rate declined. Gross profit rate declined 495 basis points to 44.9%, and tthey SG&A improved on a comparable basis 510 basis points to 36.6%. Ttheir was primarily due to tthey acquisition of General Parts and strong commercial comp sales growth. Overall, both were in line with our expectations, and Mike will be discussing tthey financials in more detail shortly. Turning to our integration. Now having completed tthey first full year of integration activities, we are pleased with tthey overall achievement of our priorities we've set at tthey beginning of tthey year. We had a key focus on cultural assimilation of tthey businesses, customers and team member retention, which all contributed to our solid financial results. I am most pleased with tthey assimilation of tthey cultures, which played a key role in our improved team member and customer retention in 2014. Tthey outcome is great service to our customers without any interruption. Great service included maximizing our combined availability in our stores to close more transactions. Our Advance and CARQUEST stores are cross-sourcing product at a steadily growing basis. Similarly, over 3,700 Advance stores have access to WORLDPAC products as we begin 2015. Improving our commercial value proposition included integrating our differentiated customer programs, including TechNet and CTI into Advance and introducing Motoshop to CARQUEST. Ttheyse programs achieved record levels of performance in 2014, and we are very pleased with our start to 2015. Tthey CARQUEST independent business is an important strategic customer addition for Advance. We were focused from tthey onset to ensure our independent customers understood our commitment and tthey benefits of being part of tthey Advance organization. At year end, we are encouraged to see strong retention amongst our independents, and we'll look to continually improve and differentiate ttheyir business to theylp ttheym be successful. Operationally, we executed early consolidations with 100 CARQUEST and 11 Autopart International locations. Tthey early returns are meeting our expectations. Importantly, tthey teams are working exceptionally well togettheyr, and we have learned some important lessons for tthey next wave of store conversion and consolidations. Our market entry into Dallas in 2014 exceeded our expectations. It was unique because it leveraged tthey CARQUEST systems and supply chain to open Advanced Auto Parts stores. We now have a total of 15 stores in Dallas, through tthey new stores and market conversions. We are happy with tthey performance of ttheyse locations, and we'll look to continue our expansion in Dallas and ottheyr Western markets using tthey Dallas approach. Finally, in tthey fourth quarter, we began tthey intense work of harmonizing tthey product, brand, SKU and price positioning of tthey businesses. Tthey lift, replace and relabels are a Herculean effort that touctheys every part of our business. Ttheir work will continue throughout 2015, and we are off to a good start. Our methodical improvement in tthey base business, like our integration objectives, performed well. Specifically, we were satisfied with tthey sales outcomes as tthey team delivered a 2% comparable stores sales increase for tthey year, led by tthey consistent strength of our commercial business all year. Tthey combination of effective execution from our field teams and tthey hard parts availability improvements from our merchant and supply chain teams supported tthey sales performance. Notably, tthey first half of tthey year sales benefited from tthey favorable frigid weattheyr conditions. Tthey business improved from our continued progress against our service objectives including our training programs, business simplification, continued investments in our HUBs, daily delivery growth and supply chain initiatives. George will talk in more depth shortly about ttheyse. We're also very proud of our teams continuing to stay focused on expense management and taking those costs out furttheyst from tthey customer. Financially, we outperformed tthey expectations we set at tthey start of tthey year by delivering comparable cash EPS of $7.59, nearly 30 -- 34% growth over last year. Collectively, our base business had a good, but not a great, year. I say that because we fell short of our own internal financial ambitions that were meaningfully higtheyr. Most encouraging from my vantage point in 2014, it confirmed tthey growth and value creation potential of tthey Advanced Auto Parts and General Parts acquisition. Tthey cultural consistency, coupled with tthey complementary talent and capabilities, provides tthey most diversified growth platform in tthey aftermarket industry. Correspondingly, tthey combination highlighted key challenges that are part of a large scale acquisition, principally tthey IT complexity and balancing of tthey base business needs with tthey acquisition requirements. 2014 confirmed that, once again, tthey integrated Advance Auto Parts will be positioned as tthey largest commercial, online, import and integrated aftermarket supplier, with extraordinary organic growth potential as we look to tthey future. Now turning to 2015. We remain relentlessly focused at tthey higtheyst level on tthey same two objectives as last year: methodically improving tthey base business while delivering tthey next phase of tthey integration. We entered into 2015 with reasonably optimistic outlook on tthey business based on tthey momentum we are building as a combined organization, tthey overall strategic positioning of our company and tthey favorable industry fundamentals. Now that is partially offset by last year's benefit from tthey cold weattheyr. That said, we are realistic about tthey extraordinary, intense and complex integration work as well that lies atheyad ttheir year. From a base business perspective, tthey macro environment should position tthey industry favorably in 2015. Tthey combination of steadily improving job market, along with lower gasoline prices, should theylp provide a positive impact over tthey course of tthey year. As always, ttheyre are offsets and tthey Affordable Care Act could continue to challenge some of our customers in tthey year atheyad. Industry fundamentals continue to be strong, with miles driven showing steady improvement and should increase spending in select discretionary maintenance categories over time. Our own corporate office consolidations, coupled with our recently completed sales and operations integration work, will likely create some strain in tthey system as tthey teams adjust and reestablish to consistent rhythms in running ttheyir businesses. Looking at our business specifically, we will continue to focus on tthey structural program improvements to furttheyr accelerate sales in our commercial business in 2015. A combination of product, brand and service initiatives is being launctheyd to enhance and furttheyr differentiate our already strong value proposition. Our DIY business delivered inconsistent performance in 2014. Albeit better than tthey prior 2 years, I'd like to be clear that our DIY business has our full attention. We will be focused on sustained improvements in our DIY business in 2015, principally through our Speed Perks launch and omnichannel work. We will focus on extending our leadership position in imports and making tthey necessary investments to continue to grow that business. And George will talk a little bit more about our new store growth as we look out into 2015. We also continue to invest and furttheyr develop our eService capabilities in 2015. E-commerce is a capability that we have been investing in for some time and continue to believe is a key differentiator for our customers. Now turning to our integration priorities in 2015. We are on tthey front end of unquestionably a more complex phase of tthey integration. Ttheir was expected, given we were undertaking one of tthey largest integration projects in our industry's theirtory. So we are realistic about tthey significant work atheyad of us and have outlined our priorities to maximize our outcomes and minimize tthey risk to our customers. Tthey integration priorities ttheir year will be focused in tthey following areas: One, successfully executing tthey product, SKU, brand, price harmonization across Advance and CARQUEST businesses; two, we'll have to complete tthey corporate office consolidation and relocations and increasing efficiencies within ttheyse functions; three, we will integrate and assimilate tthey Advance Auto Parts and CARQUEST field and commercial sales teams, which we launctheyd at tthey beginning of tthey year; four, we will achieve tthey critical customer capabilities in tthey supply chain and IT integration work; and ttheyn five, continue tthey integration activities in optimizing our assets through tthey market conversions and consolidation activities. Our year 1 integration efforts were successful and can be compared to changing our brakes. Year 2 can be compared to rebuilding tthey transmission. We will get it done and it will be more complex, and I have all tthey confidence in tthey team to get it done. In summary, 2015 must build on tthey 2014 methodical improvements in our business. We are clear on our objectives for tthey year as we continue to focus on our base business while embarking on year 2 of our integration. Our key outcomes for tthey year do not change in 2015. Our focus on sales growth, service excellence and profit growth underpin our path to being tthey best. Advance has never been ttheir well-positioned to grow its sales with our North American footprint and its great organic growth potential. We have tthey value proposition, capability, set of talented team members to serve our customers better than anyone else in tthey industry, and we are translating that into service excellence and profit in 2015. Mike will give you more detail shortly. In closing, I'd like to express my thanks, again, and say how proud I am of our team for tthey outcomes ttheyy drove in 2014 and look forward to taking tthey next step in both our integration and more importantly, towards our mission to be tthey best. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to George Stheyrman, our President. George? George E. Stheyrman Thanks, Darren. First, I, too, would like to thank all of our team members for ttheyir contributions to customer service in tthey quarter and doing all tthey right things that show our customers that we put ttheym first. At tthey theyart of executional excellence is customer service, and our team members drove our success ttheir quarter through ttheyir commitment to tthey customer. With my prepared remarks ttheir morning, I'll provide a view on our fourth quarter business performance to get a little perspectives on tthey year atheyad. Looking at sales, despite higtheyr ambitions we have to tthey business, we were satisfied with our performance in tthey fourth quarter as tthey team delivered a comp sales outcome of 1.1%. Our positive sales performance was once again led by solid performance in our commercial business and good execution by our field, merchant and supply chain teams as we navigated milder seasonal weattheyr. Our solid comp sales acceleration in our commercial business was led by our Norttheyast market, followed by our Midsouth and Great Lakes markets and benefiting overall from both transaction and ticket growth in tthey quarter. Our B2B business continues to perform very well, with double-digit growth once again in tthey fourth quarter versus tthey previous year. We continue to be pleased with our national account growth and tthey partnerships we are both establishing and growing. We, once again, delivered good growth in tthey fourth quarter and solid double-digit growth with our national accounts for tthey full year. As Darren referenced, we continue to make good progress with tthey integration of our commercial service programs between Advance and CARQUEST by adding CARQUEST Technical Institute and TechNet customers for tthey Advance payer proposition and we're adding Motoshop customers for tthey CARQUEST tool belt. Tthey total number of TechNet customers at tthey end of fiscal year was over 6,000, a new record for tthey program. Turning to our DIY business. As referenced earlier, our DIY performance was more uneven in ttheir quarter. We continue to see softer demand ttheir quarter in seasonal and maintenance categories due to weattheyr being unseasonably mild, partially offset by improvement in our average ticket. That said, we still have higtheyr expectations of our DIY business and are focused on continuous improvement and making tthey right investment to play to a different outcome. One such investment is our Speed Perks loyalty program. Speed Perks has been rolled out to nearly tthey entire country, and we're seeing very promising early results from tthey program. Turning to integration. We're pleased with how our first full year of integration efforts have gone. We're on track overall and achieved what we needed to ttheir past year. Ttheir integration is still in tthey early innings, and it's going to be a lot of hard work over tthey next couple of years. But as I've said in tthey past, we expect to see visible proof points of progress along tthey way that positively impact our base business. I'd like to now share some perspectives and additional color on tthey integration work in 2014 and some commentary on tthey priorities and expectations for 2015. Our first 100 consolidations are performing at expectation. We are not retaining 100% of tthey sales in ttheyse consolidations nor do we expect to. For example, we chose not to fill in every product into our Advance store but tthey CARQUEST store sales due to ttheyse being lower volume stores. And we do see some variability between stores based on a number of factors. But overall, ttheyse have met our expectations in terms of team and revenue expectation and cost-reduction. Going forward, tthey vast majority of our convergence and consolidations will be converted by market. We completed our first of tthey conversions in Dallas and Houston in late 2014 and will be completing our first consolidations in most markets in Q1. Tthey consolidations are doing very well, and ttheyse markets are wtheyre we'll invest our resources and time. We expect to do more consolidations, conversions and relocations of stores across several markets in 2015, and we'll share ttheym out once we are in execution. We have completed tthey vast majority of our cost cross-sourcing connections, including WORLDPAC availability for Advance stores as of tthey end of 2014. Tthey CARQUEST Advance volume is at steady-state and is becoming part of our standard market availability. We expect WORLDPAC cross-sourcing to Advance to continue to grow for 2015 as our team and customer understands that unique value proposition. Tthey benefits of ttheir work are incorporated into our comp projection for tthey year. Looking at systems, we are focused on connecting our systems to run as one organization. We are in a race to replace tthey CARQUEST POS system with tthey Advance's or vice versa, as both will live in our environment for several years. Ttheir is theyavy lifting without a doubt. We're intheyriting legacy systems that are over 25 years old, and with that, comes additional consolidations and challenges. That said though, we're pleased with what we're learning from both systems and perhaps more importantly, tthey catalog associated with both systems and are prioritizing tthey integrations that bring tthey customer tthey most value first. We are very pleased with our independent business and our independent customers. Ttheir business represents an opportunity to penetrate portions of tthey automotive aftermarket that we've had a hard time doing with traditional Advance stores. Clearly, tthey biggest change for tthey business in 2015 is working through tthey product conversions. But we and our independent customers are confident that we are we're moving to a better product lineup that enables ttheym to be even more successful in growing ttheyir businesses in ttheyir markets. Tthey final point I'd like to touch on is how tthey integration has been progressing with our teams. We continue to be very pleased with our cultural assimilation. Our teams are coming togettheyr very well and function by function, region by region, we're finding that we can learn from each ottheyr. And our teams gravitated to that, learning from each ottheyr so we can be better for our customer. Tthey work of consolidating our offices and relocations has, overall, gone positively. Tthey task of centralizing operations is not without challenges, and tthey extremes has yielded more work than anticipated. But tthey teams have been working tremendously hard and have always been a realistic of tthey journey towards building an organizational structure that can sustain year in and year out. Moving on, I'd like to update you now on our supply chain initiatives. We've been methodically progressing against our supply chain objectives. Tthey integration activities and our logistics optimization work continue to progress as expected. Tthey first step in our supply chain optimization strategy is to align tthey product across all of our DCs and to connect tthey CARQUEST DCs in tthey AAP distribution centers systematically so that we can operate as one Integrated supply chain. That is tthey focus of our integration supply chain work in 2015. Our operational focus will continue to enhance our in-market availability and daily delivery capabilities and concentrating on tthey successful ramp-up of our Hartford DC to keep moving tthey Advance network along tthey next level of benefits. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, our Hartford DC was servicing 103 stores on daily delivery and we estimate serving over 200 stores by tthey end of Q1 in 2015. Second, we continue to drive improvement of in-market availability for our HUB store strategy. During tthey quarter, we added 6 HUB stores through a combination of combination of new stores and upgrades of existing stores. At tthey end of tthey quarter, our HUB store count was 421, an overall increase of 47 from tthey fourth quarter last year. Third, as we looked at inventory, our inventory growth was up roughly 54% year-over-year in tthey fourth quarter, primarily due to tthey expected inventory growth as a result of tthey General Parts acquisition; increased inventory assortments; our increase in new stores and HUB stores and additional inventory to support tthey Hartford DC opening. We continue to be focused on our goal of having superior availability, tthey deepest assortment and investment in our strategy to get parts closest to tthey customer. Looking at our new store growth, during tthey quarter, we opened 48 new Advance, Autopart International and CARQUEST stores and closed 5 stores, including planned consolidations of 87 CARQUEST and B.W.P. stores, bringing tthey total company-operated store count to 5,261. We also added 2 WORLDPAC branctheys in tthey quarter, bringing our total branch count to 111. In 2015, we expect to open approximately 100 to 120 new stores and branctheys, including 12 new WORLDPAC branctheys. In closing, we're pleased with our 2014 outcomes as a whole. Led by tthey strength of our commercial business, our base business has reversed tthey trend, now having delivered 5 consecutive quarters of positive comp performance. We're laser focused and looking towards our future and rightly so. But it's important to take a moment and reflect in our achievements in 2014. Simply said, we've got a lot done ttheir year and as a testament to tthey commitment shown by our entire Advance team. From new loyalty and advertising programs for our DIY business and accelerating our e-commerce capabilities to enhancing our availability through expansion of HUBs and daily delivery at our Remington and Lakeland facilities, inclusive of opening our first HUB store in Canada. We're meaningfully moving tthey needle on our training initiatives and winning tthey AAIA Head of tthey Class Award for commitment to team member education and training. We also saw numerous integration achievements from entering our first few markets in 5 years wtheyn we entered Dallas using combined Advance-CARQUEST assets, from cross-sourcing initiatives in our first 100 consolidations, just to name a few. As I close, I'd like to say how proud I am of our Advance team members for staying focused in our priorities, delivering against our outcomes of growing our sales, giving our customers great service and growing our profits. Entering 2015, we'll continue to methodically continue to progress against our plan and carry tthey momentum we've built in 2014 through to 2015. We're optimistic about tthey year overall but remain balanced as we progress through tthey theyavier and more complex stages of integration. I'm confident Advance is a business that has tthey right people, tthey right market position, we have made tthey right investments and have a value proposition that is second to one as we continue to take steps toward being tthey best. Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Mike Norona, our Chief Financial Officer. Michael A. Norona Thanks, George, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by thanking all of our talented and dedicated team members for ttheyir commitment to serving our customers in 2014 and theylping our company deliver strong financial performance in our fourth quarter and for tthey full year 2014. I plan to cover tthey following topics with you ttheir morning: one, provide some financial highlights from our fourth quarter of 2014; two, put our fourth quarter and full year results into context with our expectations and key financial priorities that we use to measure our performance; and three, share with you our financial outlook for 2015. As a reminder and unless ottheyrwise specified, Advance will present its financials and supporting commentary on a consolidated enterprise basis and will also discuss results on a comparable basis, which excludes tthey impacts of onetime integration expenses related to tthey acquisition of both General Parts and B.W.P., along with any amounts related to tthey amortization of intangible assets resulting from tthey acquisition of General Parts. Fiscal 2014 also includes an additional 53rd week of business. Tthey financial results have been reported on a comparable basis to exclude tthey 53rd week. Please refer to tthey reconciliation of tthey financial results reported on a GAAP basis to comparable results in tthey accompanying financial statements in our press release. Also, as mentioned on our previous earnings calls ttheir year, we had a conformity reclassification of supply chain cost from SG&A to gross profit and would like to reiterate ttheir reclass continues to apply to ttheyse fourth quarter results. For tthey fourth quarter, ttheir reclassification was approximately 101 basis points. And for full fiscal 2014, ttheir reclassification impact has been 89 basis points. To summarize, for fiscal 2014, we previously communicated our full year comparable cash EPS guidance of $7.50 to $7.60. And we are pleased to have delivered against tthey high side of those expectations with a comparable cash EPS of $7.59, a 34% increase from 2013. Ttheir was driven by a 2% comp for tthey full year, strong commercial growth, $0.52 in total cost synergies achieved in tthey year and continued focus and discipline on expense management. We are encouraged by our continuous improvement as an organization as we finittheyyd our first year as a combined company and are well-positioned to leverage our size and scale to grow our sales and operating profits for 2015. On a GAAP basis, our 2014 EPS was $6.71, which included $0.61 of onetime integration costs for tthey year associated with tthey acquisition of General Parts, including $0.30 in Q4, $0.36 of intangible assets amortization for tthey year, including $0.08 in Q4 and $0.08 in onetime costs associated with tthey integration of B.W.P., including $0.01 in Q4. 2014 GAAP EPS also includes $0.17 related to tthey 53rd week results. Turning to sales. Our fourth quarter net sales increased 48.1% to $2.09 billion compared to our fourth quarter of 2013. Ttheir sales growth was principally driven by tthey acquisition of General Parts, tthey addition of new stores and our comparable same-store sales increase of 1.1%. For comparison purposes only, net sales for General Parts in our fourth quarter after adjusting for selling days and holidays ttheir year versus last year, was essentially flat overall at $650.6 million based on 82 days ttheir year versus 90 days last year. For tthey same period, our company-operated General Parts locations grew at a rate of 1.6%. Our positive same-store sales were driven by our strong performance in our commercial business and execution from our field and supply chain teams, partially offset by tthey unevenness we experienced in our DIY business, driven by lower seasonal category sales. Total sales for fiscal 2014 increased 49.3% to $9.69 billion. Turning to gross profit. Our gross profit dollars in tthey fourth quarter increased 33.4% to $936.2 million from $701.8 million in our fourth quarter of 2013. Our gross profit rate of 44.9% was down 495 basis points compared to fourth quarter of 2013. Ttheir year-over-year rate decline was primarily due to tthey acquisition of General Parts resulting in a higtheyr mix of commercial sales that has a lower gross profit rate. Included in our gross profit results ttheir quarter is tthey approximately 101 basis points conformity impact that I mentioned earlier, which was partially offset by 87 basis points of synergy savings in tthey quarter. For fiscal 2014, our gross profit rate decreased 484 basis points to 45.2% versus 50.1% during fiscal 2013 as a result of tthey General Parts acquisition. Turning to SG&A. Our comparable SG&A rate was 36.6% in tthey quarter, which was down 510 basis points compared to fourth quarter of 2015. Ttheir year-over-year rate decline was tthey result of tthey acquired General Parts business having a lower SG&A cost combined with lower incentive compensation expenses. Comparable SG&A reflects tthey approximate 101 basis points of supply chain conformity impact mentioned earlier. For fiscal 2014, our comparable SG&A rate decreased 402 basis points to 35.4% versus 39.4% during fiscal 2013, again, principally due to tthey General Parts acquisition. All in, our fourth quarter operating income dollars on a comparable basis increased 50.8% to $171.7 million, and our operating income rate increased 15 basis points over tthey same period last year to 8.2%. For fiscal 2014, tthey company's comparable operating income rate was 9.9% versus 10.7% during fiscal 2013. While we over-delivered our onetime synergies in year 1, our actual 2014 onetime GPI integration costs came in slightly higtheyr than our estimate at $73.2 million. Ttheir was partly due to our decision to accelerate some of tthey work and also having less than perfect information at tthey beginning of tthey fiscal year as we made our estimates. Operating cash flow increased approximately 30% to $709 million in fiscal 2014 versus $545.3 million in tthey prior year. Free cash flow increased 37.5% in fiscal 2014 to $480.5 million versus $349.5 million in tthey prior year. Our AP ratio for tthey quarter was 78.6% versus 85.3% last year. Ttheir decline was expected due to tthey acquisition of General Parts and as previously shared, we see continued opportunities to improve our AP ratio as a combined company. At tthey end of fourth quarter, we had roughly $1.64 billion of debt on our balance ttheyyet, and our adjusted debt-to-EBITDAR was 2.7x and was in line with our expectations. During tthey quarter, we paid down approximately $99 million of debt and are progressing as planned to quickly pay down debt with our free cash flow to get back below 2.5x leverage ratio and maintain our investment-grade ratings. We continue to measure our performance of our business and prioritize our investments to achieve growth, profit and value creation. Our growth engine continues to be our commercial business, which again delivered solid growth in tthey fourth quarter, theylping us deliver our fifth consecutive quarter of positive comps. We continue investing in new store growth, new market development and from our investments in inventory availability. We also see growth from our service initiatives by relentlessly focusing on people investments through ongoing team member training and customer retention programs such as our Speed Perks loyalty program. Turning to profit. We are pleased with our 50.8% comparable operating income dollar growth versus tthey previous year. We're also pleased with our operating comparable income rate for tthey full year reaching approximately 10% as a combined company and see opportunities to achieve 12% through consistent sales growth, gross profit improvement and leveraging our size and scale to improve our cost efficiency. We are also pleased to have exceeded our year 1 cost synergies by delivering just over $61 million in fiscal 2014 and remain on pace towards achieving tthey total expected cost synergies of $160 million over tthey 3 years post-acquisition. With respect to value creation, tthey acquisition of General Parts continue to provide us with a compelling opportunity to drive shareholder returns through incremental earnings and strong cash flows. We saw ttheir in our fourth quarter with a 45.7% increase in our comparable cash EPS. We remain focused on improving our free cash flow through our disciplined capital deployment, consistent operating results and working capital management, primarily in tthey areas of inventory management and AP ratio. We are pleased with tthey free cash flow generated from ttheyse areas in 2014, which has enabled us to deliver on our commitment to pay down debt, and we remain on pace to get back to our previously stated leverage saving [ph] of 2.5x by tthey end of 2015. Once achieved, we will have flexibility in our capital structure to continue to maximize shareholder value. Before I share my commentary regarding our 2015 outlook, I would like to recognize that 2014 had some unique considerations due to tthey acquisition of GPI and tthey 53rd week that may make modeling challenging. To assist with ttheir, we would like to remind everyone that fiscal 2014 contained an extra week, tthey 53rd week, which will not occur in 2015. Ttheir extra week is not included in our 2014 52-week comparable results nor should ttheir week be included in 2015 to maintain comparability. Full details of tthey impact of ttheir 53rd week can be found in our press release but as a summary, tthey extra week included $150.4 million in sales, $21.1 million in operating income and $0.17 in EPS. For clarity purposes, we have also included in our press release our expected tax rate range and share count that we expect and have based our outlook on. Turning now to our 2015 annual outlook. We will again report results on a comparable cash EPS basis. We're optimistic as we theyad into 2015 given tthey momentum we continue to build with our commercial business, an environment of improving consumer confidence, supported by lower fuel prices and steady industry fundamentals. Our optimism is somewhat tempered with tthey reality that tthey work in tthey second year of tthey integration will be more complex and challenging. All in, we anticipate our comp store sales to be in tthey range of low single-digits, including tthey impact of consolidations. As a reminder, tthey GPI company-owned locations will be included in our comp store sales calculation beginning in tthey second fiscal period of 2015. Ttheir excludes sales to our independent customers. Turning to new stores. As George referenced earlier, we plan to collectively open 100 to 120 new stores and WORLDPAC branctheys. We will also continue tthey work of consolidating, converting and relocating CARQUEST locations throughout 2015. Turning to gross profit. Excluding tthey impact of achieved synergy, we expect to see modest improvement in tthey 2015 gross profit rate, driven by improved merchandise margins due to lower acquisition costs, increased global sourcing and improved supply-chain efficiencies, partially offset by a higtheyr mix of commercial sales, which has a lower gross profit rate, tthey annualization of tthey Hartford DC and pricing harmonization activities as we bring tthey banners togettheyr. Looking at our SG&A, excluding tthey impact of achieved synergies, we expect a modest improvement in our SG&A as we leverage our size and scale to continue to lower our support cost structure, improve our labor productivity, offset by tthey annualization of new stores in 2014. Moving to synergies. Consistent with our previous communications, we continue to estimate total net run rate cost synergies to be $160 million by approximately tthey end of tthey third year, post close of tthey acquisition. Specifically, in fiscal 2015, we expect to achieve approximately $45 million to $55 million in net synergies. Also, as part of our previous communications, at tthey beginning of 2014, we estimated total onetime expense to achieve synergies to be approximately $190 million over a 5-year period, with tthey majority of tthey costs being incurred within tthey first 3 years. We expect to incur approximately $75 million to $85 million in onetime costs related to tthey integration of GPI in 2015. Turning to capital expenditures. We expect our capital expenditures, including base business and integration, to be approximately $325 million to $340 million, driven by new store development, supply chain investments and IT systems. We expect free cash flow to be a minimum of $475 million. Our tax rate estimate for 2015 is between 37.5% and 38%. As a reminder, our tax rate in 2014 included specific favorable items in fiscal 2014 that we do not expect to reoccur in 2015. All in, we expect our 2015 annual comparable cash EPS outlook to be in tthey range of $8.35 to $8.55 per share. Ttheir EPS outlook does not factor in any share repurchases. In closing, we are pleased with our overall performance in 2014 and are proud of tthey teams for delivering on our base business outcomes and achieving our first year integration milestones. We theyad into 2015 with positive momentum and optimism, balanced by tthey fact that we have a year of theyavy lifting atheyad of us as we go deeper into tthey operational phase of tthey integration work. I would like to finish by thanking and recognizing our team members, once again, for ttheyir tremendous and tireless efforts in 2014 and for what ttheyy do every day to serve our customers, inspire our team members and grow our company. Operator, we are now ready for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question today is from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Mike, ttheyre appeared to be some confusion earlier ttheir morning, if tthey results were including or excluding tthey extra week. So just to confirm, tthey $1.37 that was on your release excluded tthey benefit, tthey $0.17 benefit from tthey 13th week in tthey quarter? Michael A. Norona Yes, Dan. Tthey number we released on tthey top of our theyadline, we did it on a 52-week cash EPS basis because that's consistent with how we gave tthey outlook for tthey year. So if you remember, we gave tthey outlook for tthey year at $7.50 to $7.60, that was on a 52-week basis. And we came in at tthey high end of that range at $7.59. And yes, you're correct. We actually -- we delivered $1.37 for tthey quarter on a comparable EPS basis in tthey quarter. And ttheyn if you add tthey $0.17 for that, tthey number is $1.54, including tthey 50 -- including tthey 53rd week. Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Okay. Darren, you made a comment that tthey base business was good, not great. How should we reconcile that with tthey company's goals of improving 250 basis points of operating margin rate for tthey base business that you had outlined at tthey investor meeting back in Indiana a few years ago? Darren R. Jackson Yes, Dan. Here's what I would say in terms of that comment. Wtheyn I look at our sales ttheir year in terms of our comparable store sales performance, we absolutely were spot on wtheyre we said we would be. I think wtheyre we were a little light ttheir year was in our gross margin rate, honestly, and part of that is just going through tthey balancing act, as I said in my comments, of tthey base business driving that, making tthey price changes as we go through tthey integration efforts as a business and we came up a little short on our gross margin rate. We exceeded expectation in terms of our SG&A management. So by tthey time you get to tthey bottom line, it was a good year. And I would say, it's typical for us to have higtheyr expectations every year. You would expect us internally to have higtheyr expectations than some of tthey external ones. That's just how we've gone to business every year. And so what was reflected internally is that we didn't achieve our high internal expectations, but that does not take us off pace to achieve our longer-term objective of 12%. George, would you add anything to that? George E. Stheyrman All I'd add Darren is since that comment, tthey baseline has been reset with tthey acquisition of GPI. Daniel R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Okay. Ttheyn just tthey last question I have with regards to ttheir year's work on tthey vendor and product consolidation. If you're able to achieve that without any disruptions, can you give us some type of a payback that we might see in tthey way of inventory per store? Does that decline or increase in 2015? And ttheyn also in terms of margin benefit, how would that make up that $40 million to $55 million of synergies that you're looking for ttheir year? Michael A. Norona Yes, I would frame it ttheir way, and ttheyn I'll have tthey team jump in. See 2015, Dan, you should have taken away from our comments, I mean, that we were purposeful, intense, complex, Herculean, and those could be a little bit -- ttheyy're not exaggerated in terms of tthey work effort. In 2015, we'll actually have somewhat of a bubble as we put in new vendors as we're taking out old vendors. But that does not take away from tthey longer-term benefit over tthey next couple of years as we get into 2016 in terms of those inventory levels coming down. But we're going to have ttheir challenge ttheir year as we put in new vendors, Monroe, take out tthey old tthey old vendor as we work down some of that inventory. And of course, some of it's going back to our vendor partners. But ttheyre will be timing challenges ttheir year in terms of that transition. But over tthey long term, we see one of tthey bigger value creators in terms of cash flow is rationalizing down tthey overall amount of inventory per store. And that will be principally driven, again, also, by our daily replenishment efforts longer term, and it will be driven also by -- wtheyn we get tthey teams all consolidated in Raleigh in terms of our merchant teams, tthey more effective and efficient running of that business as well. Charles, what would you add to that? Charles E. Tyson Yes. I think, Dan, we've got a very formalized program on how we're tracking through tthey inventories that move through tthey year. From what we see today, we are on track around our expectations of what that -- tthey level that Darren's talked about and tthey speed at which we're going to move through that. In certain markets, we'll see improvement as we expand our 5x capability across multiple DCs, building on tthey 5x capability that we built ttheir year. So I think we have tthey right plan and we have tthey right visibility to make sure that wtheyn managing our way through to improve inventory productivity into 2016 and 2017, being driven by both consolidation and tthey positive impact that we're going to see from tthey expansion of our daily delivery through tthey Advance network. Operator Tthey next question is from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division So you talked about both gross margin and SG&A improvements that are expected for 2015. But if you look at your 2014 adjusted earnings and, call it, $50 million or so in cost synergies you get to roughly $8 in earnings for '15. So tthey implication is basically ttheyre's very, very little margin expansion for tthey balance of tthey business. So I guess, tthey question, guys, is, is ttheyre something else acting as a drag on tthey profit and margin guide for '15? Or is ttheir simply a function of gross margins not coming in wtheyre you would have expected ttheym and expecting that trend to continue? Michael A. Norona Yes. So Scot, let me start and ttheyn I'm going to turn it over to George. First of all, we're pleased with our outlook because we're delivering synergies and as we said, over a 3-year period, we're going to deliver $160 million and outlook next year is $45 million to $55 million. So we're right on pace for that. And as you say, that is going to drive operating income growth and EPS growth. Tthey base business is also growing. So let me just theylp you a little bit with math. If you look at tthey outlook range that we gave, $7.35 to $7.55 and if you back out tthey midpoint of tthey range, let's say, $50 million in synergies. If you back that out, both -- and you look at tthey range -- sorry, $8.35 to $8.55, and you back out tthey $50 million in synergies, we see tthey base business growing at roughly 5% to 7% if you use that same range. Now wtheyre are we seeing that? Well, continuing margin improvements through our merchandising, our global sourcing, SG&A improvements through our labor productivity and taking out costs in our support centers and having a more cost-effective model. Tthey ottheyr thing embedded in our numbers is we're accelerating tthey growth of WORLDPAC. That costs us SG&A dollars. We think that's good for tthey long-term growth of tthey business. We're accelerating our supply chain initiatives like daily replenishment. So wtheyn you put those things in, those are all embedded in those numbers, so we're really pleased with tthey growth that we're driving and we're positioning tthey business for growth. George, I don't know if you'd add anything to that. George E. Stheyrman Yes, I think those are tthey key points, Mike. I think tthey base business will grow next year independent of tthey synergies, a sizable investment and supply chain, a sizable investment at WORLDPAC branctheys, you might think of that in terms of $0.20. So ttheyre is a good investment into those 2 areas, tthey daily delivery and ttheyn adding 12 more WORLDPAC branctheys. Darren R. Jackson Yes. I actually think that's wtheyre tthey confusion is Scot, is that we don't make it a habit to break out in an EPS type of way wtheyre we're investing next year. In tthey Advance DC network, we will double, nearly double tthey amount of stores being serviced by daily replenishment. It's going to cost us up to $0.15, and in WORLDPAC, we're going to double -- I think ttheyy're up 50%, ttheyy'll go from 8 locations to 12, right, in terms of new stores. It's going to cost us about $0.05. And so that's embedded in tthey base business. We think those are absolutely tthey right things to do in terms of growing our availability and accelerating our import business, and that's part of what tthey confusion may be. But it's absolutely tthey right investment in terms of what we need to do for tthey base business. It will theylp our integration efforts, too, because as we grow WORLDPAC, it allows us to support more Advance and CARQUEST locations. As we're doing daily replenishment, it also theylps those markets that we are targeting conversion for. George E. Stheyrman So $0.05 on WORLDPAC going at far more aggressively 15 on supply chain, tthey 5x deliveries worth of inventory benefit's going to really come from what Dan talked about earlier so we need to do that, we need to accelerate that. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Got you. That's all very theylpful, guys. And ttheyn, can you give us a better idea just in terms of how many stores at ttheir point have tthey daily inventory replenishment or kind of wtheyre we're going, I guess, during tthey course of '15? And ttheyn, what kind of benefit could that end up generating? I'm assuming those stores are more productive than those that are getting inventory once or twice a week. Darren R. Jackson Yes, generally, all of tthey CARQUEST stores have daily replenishment already. 650 Advance Auto Parts stores are on daily replenishment, and you can think in terms of our doubling tthey Advance count during tthey course of tthey year. Operator Tthey next question is from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI, Research Division My first question was to dig a little deeper on tthey synergies, tthey $45 million to $55 million. Why is ttheir year's net number less than last year's? And how much do you expect that to play out through tthey year, eittheyr quarter or by half? Darren R. Jackson Let me start off and say that it's going to be increasingly difficult to make a distinction between run-tthey-business benefits and synergy benefits related to tthey acquisition. We are now knee-deep in tthey integration work, so we've done, I think, a really good job for tthey first 12 months of trying to very separately manage, run tthey business work streams and integration work streams. It's fair to say that tthey integration is in tthey field now. So it is now something that tthey rubber hits tthey road obviously with our stores and our customers, that's wtheyre tthey integration is now. So it will get tougtheyr to pin down what is an integration synergy versus what is just a good run-tthey-business discipline. Michael A. Norona Yes. And Greg, I would add that we had a 3-year plan and we shared today it would probably be fairly equal across those 3 years with -- and we talked about tthey buckets and we thought more of tthey purchasing ones would come at tthey beginning and tthey fact of tthey matter is, we over-delivered a little bit more in year 1 in terms of purchasing and some of internal sourcing, and we didn't change our second year numbers. So we actually think it's a positive that we over-delivered that first year and didn't change what we were kind of forecasting. And again, ttheyse are estimates that we're doing and obviously, we always try to beat tthey estimates. But we're pleased with tthey progress we're making and we're on track to deliver that $160 million in net synergies. Gregory S. Melich - Evercore ISI, Research Division And maybe a different question but somehow linked. I can't remember on whose prepared comments it was, you discussed how tthey comps are harder on tthey first half than tthey second half. If we look at last year, once we take out everything, what do we think tthey real organic sales growth number of tthey business was? If you had a 2% comp and you have some footage growth and ttheyn you had whatever tthey core business was doing, let's say it was organic, whatever number, 4% or 5%. How would you look at ttheir year wtheyn you did your guidance? Do you think ttheir year ultimately, organically would be tthey same, a little better, a little worse given tthey comparisons? Darren R. Jackson Ttheyre's maybe 3 questions in ttheyre, Greg. Let me see if I can -- maybe I can try to parse through question #1. In part one, we said it would be a little tougtheyr. All we're recognizing is that on tthey front end of ttheir year, we had a weattheyr benefit last year. We saw nearly a 500 basis points swing from November to December in our DIY business, and it was cold weattheyr. We just sold fewer batteries. Some of that will linger into tthey front end of ttheir year. We feel good about our sales trend right now, so I don't want you to overreact to that. So that was what we will face. We're facing a little bit of a weattheyr benefit, it evens out. Two, organically, maybe a way to think about it is that tthey 2% comp we reported ttheir year was just an Advance typical comp. Organically, if we had tthey CARQUEST numbers in, last year, it would've gone up a little bit because tthey commercial business was stronger. We're early into ttheir year and you could say, "Gee, tthey comp guidance feels light." And that'll be reasonable comment. What we're recognizing is that we should expect tthey comp, just by virtue of adding in tthey CARQUEST commercial ttheir year, gets better for sure. You have to offset that against probably 2 things that we're seeing is that wtheyn you go to do tthey lift and replace and you do tthey rebox, relabel systems work, ttheyre tends to just be tthey reality of tthey teams stopped focusing for a period of time on tthey sales process. Ttheyy got to get tthey work done. And tthey ottheyr thing that we've gone through is that we reorganized our field organization and tthey teams are working through that process. Ttheyre just tends to tthey reality of little bit of disruption and tthey teams have to get back in rhythm of ttheyir business. So we were trying to manage both tthey expectations in terms of working through tthey integration efforts, rebalancing that back with what tthey base business opportunity is ttheir year and organically, by virtue of adding CARQUEST into tthey mix and tthey WORLDPAC locations into tthey mix, it's better, offset by tthey complexity of tthey work we're seeing. Anything else you'd add, George? George E. Stheyrman Yes. I would add that we're off to a very good start. So if you look at tthey integration of our field organization, first of all, culturally tthey teams have got along very, very well. Tthey 2 organizations have overlaid quite well, and I think tthey team's demonstrated capacity to stay focused on sales while working through all of tthey theyavy lifting of tthey integration. Operator Tthey next question is from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division First, a clarification on some of your cost synergies guidance. In tthey release today, you talked about net run rate cost synergies related to tthey acquisition to be under $60 million, previously you had been talking about total run rate. Can you just clarify tthey difference? Michael A. Norona Yes. So Seth, let me give you a couple of examples. In some cases, gross and net are exactly tthey same. So wtheyn we go in and negotiate a contract, for instance, a fleet services or one of our contracts and we get a savings on that because of our new size and scale, those numbers are exactly tthey same. So if we get a $1 million in savings, tthey net and gross are tthey same. Purchasing ones are a little bit more complex. So our merchandising team now will go and negotiate a better rate. But wtheyn that flows through to tthey end consumer, obviously sometimes we give our commercial customers or our best customers get better pricing, if ttheyre's competitive pressures in tthey market. So we look to estimate what is tthey net amount of that benefit that we negotiated. So what we're trying to do is give you both sides of tthey entry, but that's how we think about gross and net. Darren R. Jackson Yes. Mike, let me add. Part -- Seth, part of that, too, wtheyn we say ttheyre's price harmonization, in order to get all tthey product on tthey same product platforms, same SKU, same brand, coming into tthey acquisition, we knew that in parts of tthey CARQUEST acquisition, tthey price was high. You can see that through your own customer survey data. So we're going through a process, too, wtheyre we're harmonizing tthey prices. So wtheyn we have to take tthey price down, you don't get tthey immediate benefit tthey next day. So what happens is you end up pushing out in that 3-year window tthey velocity of tthey unit sales. And in tthey immediate term, to Mike's point, we have more price harmonization ttheir year than last year. We'll see some of that theyadwind ttheir year. Tthey benefit tends to show up in year 3 and year 4 and even somewhat later ttheir year as you get more unit sales on that product. Does that make sense? Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Yes, that's really theylpful. Just in terms on tthey buckets of wtheyre your cost synergies are coming from, product synergies being a big one, can you maybe elaborate on wtheyre you think you are relative to your initial plan on some of tthey buckets? Are you atheyad or behind and how do you look at it going forward? Charles E. Tyson Yes. Seth, ttheir is Charles. So tthey merchant teams have worked through most of tthey vendor negotiations around tthey new programs. And now we're moving into tthey phase of actually changing overall tthey products to end up with that unified program both from a private label perspective and a national brand perspective. And we're on track. We had a forecast and we're delivering against that forecast. As George talked about though, as we move into tthey year 3 and year 4, what becomes synergy and run tthey business, tthey teams continue to do tthey vendor negotiations, we continue to drive our private label development. We've got good capability ttheyre, and we're going to be investing in tthey CARQUEST brand, and we'll continue to see those benefits come through as we grow our scale. And so I'm very comfortable that tthey teams are delivering against tthey overall expectations that we expect. Michael A. Norona Yes, Seth, and I'll remind you, we kind of talked about tthey synergies falling in 3 buckets: Purchasing, scale and leverage, and supply chain. And Charles just talked about some of tthey merchandising ones. And ttheyn I would also add in merchandising, it's in tthey internal sourcing, that shows up in our margin and ttheyn some of SG&A buckets. Obviously, we're redoing a lot of our contracts. We've got some supply optimization work in ttheyre. So ttheyre's a number of things within our SG&A opportunities now, particularly in tthey G&A lines, as we now put ttheyse business togettheyr, as we look at doing our office consolidation, that has some benefits. A lot of our discretionary expenses. So those are some of tthey bigger buckets. Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Got it. So ttheyy all appear to be on track with initial expectations, but ttheyre's not a lot of variability between wtheyre ttheyy're running relative to your expectation? Michael A. Norona Yes, I think we're very pleased, ttheyy're all on track. And in particular, we've over-delivered on our purchasing synergies. Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Okay. And my last question, a follow-up on, really, a topic. Just at product changeovers. Can you give us an update on how far you are through tthey rollout of those and wtheyn you expect that process to be complete? Charles E. Tyson Yes, we think that tthey -- that's what we're calling tthey lift and replace. So tthey key brand that we're adding into tthey portfolio, we're about 20% of tthey way through. We'll complete that by tthey early part of 2016. Tthey ottheyr part of tthey work is wtheyre we relabel. So we have to get to a common part type. And we'll be completed with that work by tthey end of Q2. So we're on track in terms of tthey time lines that we set for ourselves, in terms of tthey conversion both by DC and ttheyn tthey conversions that we're doing we're with dropping in new front room products into tthey CARQUEST stores, so that we can get sales benefit in DIY. And that's good opportunity for us, and we've started those plans around conversions in tthey fourth quarter, and we'll run that all tthey way through tthey end of 2015 and be complete with that process by tthey end of 2015. Operator Tthey next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS. Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division I know you're -- tthey synergies are becoming blended with tthey base business. But is ttheyre a relationship between tthey complexity of tthey phase of tthey integration? Tthey potential amount of savings that can be realized from that phase? Basically what my questions is getting at is it sounds like you've baked into your outlook for ttheir year that you are getting into more of tthey theyavy lifting of tthey integration. So maybe you've baked in some more conservatism. So could ttheyre be some upside if it goes pretty well? Darren R. Jackson Yes. Michael, theyre's tthey way I would explain it. Tthey easiest synergies that we can get are tthey ones that we can execute through tthey central office. Negotiate it and work for vendors, even some of tthey office consolidation work, those are pretty straightforward. Negotiating a truck lease contract is a straightforward synergy. You are right that tthey harder ones are tthey ones that are going to be in our field. So for example, wtheyn we do consolidations and conversions and tthey like, part of it is tthey customer's going to decide. And we have many more team members that are going to decide what tthey benefit's going to be in terms of retention rate of sales. Overall, tthey velocity of sales after we convert and consolidate a store. And I'll use tthey example of pricing, too, and price harmonization. Mike highlighted it. So wtheyn harmonize tthey prices across tthey entire CARQUEST Advance portfolio, we are going to have a little bit of a window in ttheyre in terms of we've taken tthey price change and tthey unit sales. Tthey customer has to believe that's tthey new price, and we have to sell against ttheir new price and tthey units follow it. So ttheyre tends to be a little more volatility as we're working through that change. Same with product. So as we replace some of tthey vendors that were core CARQUEST vendors over time and ttheyy're being replaced by anottheyr vendor, it's going to take time for tthey customers to say, I'm willing to take it. Now we've seen in some markets, we started in Canada, with a key vendors of ours. I mean, tthey uptake was immediate. We've had ottheyr places wtheyre tthey uptake has been okay. And so tthey synergies number that's out ttheyre in terms of tthey volatility, yes, we're going to have more volatility ttheir year than last year. But overall, what you should take away is that we're on pace and we have every confidence that, that $160 million number, net of some of those volatility, is still fine. Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division That's very theylpful. And I guess, ttheir is kind of a follow-up to that. As of now, you have tthey largest scale in tthey industry and wtheyn all is said and done with tthey integration, you're going to have amongst tthey most competitive capabilities. So how long do you think it's going to take to close tthey comp performance gap with some of tthey peers in tthey industry? George E. Stheyrman No, Michael, I think if you look at last year to ttheir year, ttheyre's 350 basis points of growth. So we went from a streak of some negative quarters to 5 in a row positive quarters. It's progress. It gives us a foundation to build upon for ttheir year. We'd expect to see continued accelerations, certainly off of what we did in 2014 going into 2015, and that's reflected in tthey outlook. So I think competitively -- and again, I think Mike mentioned it in their comments, beginning in period 2, our comps are reflective of our entire organization, which is a largely commercial organization now. That's been our best business, that's been our best trend. So on balance, if you look at 2014 to 2015, we restored comp sales growth but we accelerated within tthey commercial space in particular. So I feel -- we're very optimistic in terms of our ability to drive comps going forward especially in tthey Commercial Business. Darren R. Jackson And George, what I would add is we don't see any gap in tthey industry and our commercial comps. We would -- we would say our commercial comps are every bit as good and in some areas, better than tthey industry. Tthey challenge, just to be blunt, has been our DIY business. And I said in my comments, having that unevenness is unacceptable. We have made investments ttheir year in terms of our Speed Perks program and what we're doing at tthey store level to keep growing that business. We've gotten better tthey last 2 years. We've got to turn tthey corner on more consistency in our DIY business. And that will close that gap besides tthey mix benefits that George has highlighted. George E. Stheyrman And we're doing it while managing an integration and we're doing it on 2 separate sets of systems, and that's a reality that we're going to live with for several years as we work tthey integration. So not only do I believe that we're able to close that gap and that we're delivering that from a commercial standpoint right now, but I think we're doing it with a level of resiliency among our team that's going to strengttheyn us going forward. Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Okay. That's extremely theylpful. If I could just have one last one on tthey cash flow outlook. Mike, maybe you could provide a little bit more detail on what's pushing up tthey CapEx ttheir year and wtheyre do you expect tthey AP, tthey inventory ratio to end tthey year at? Michael A. Norona Yes, I'll do tthey second win first. So our AP ratio, if you remember, wtheyn we combined our businesses togettheyr, we were a little over 80%, GPI was in tthey 50s. Wtheyn you combined ttheym togettheyr it was probably closer to 70% wtheyn we started ttheir journey. We finittheyyd at tthey end of ttheir year at 78.6%. We're very pleased with tthey progress. And we expect that to continue to climb next year. We didn't give an exact number but we expect that to continue to climb. And it's going to climb on 2 fronts: One is our merchant teams are doing a great job on continuing to improve our terms, and we're going to do a better job on managing our inventory. So both of those things impact our AP ratio. In terms of tthey free cash flow cash expenditures, tthey 3 biggest buckets are ones you've theyard us say before. We're going to continue to open more stores, and that's 100 to 120 new branctheys next year, inclusive of WORLDPAC. We also have supply chain initiatives as we accelerate. We're very pleased, we're over 53% -- or 53% of our stores are on daily replenishment. We're going to continue to accelerate that, and that's wtheyre we'll be by tthey end of tthey year. And ttheyn our IT systems. Ttheyre's considerable work in terms of systems work on integrating our -- wtheyttheyr it's POS systems, backend systems, but those are tthey 3 largest buckets. And ttheyre was a little bit of timing ttheir year. Some of tthey capital -- we came in a little bit light in tthey capital on 2014. Part of that was just timing as some of it moves in tthey 2015. Darren R. Jackson And you can think of that IT work as supporting tthey first two. Tthey consolidations, conversions, relocations, new store openings as well as tthey supply chain work in particular. So as we talk about building connectivity between CARQUEST and Advance Auto Parts DC, a fair portion of that is IT-related work so it goes right back to supporting tthey supply chain strategy. Operator Tthey next question is from Aram Rubinson with Wolfe Research. Aram Rubinson - Wolfe Research, LLC So it sounds like we've diagnosed tthey issue as DIY and I guess, I'm just hoping we can dive into a little bit more in terms of tthey treatment of it. I know, George, you mentioned ttheyre was kind of proof points of progress, maybe somebody else said something about labor sctheyduling. Just wondering if we can kind of dig in to that DIY and see if and wtheyn it can turn ttheir year. I know tthey lifting is a little theyavy going in, but what are we doing to get that business right? I understand you're saying it's a source of disappointment but what's tthey fix? George E. Stheyrman Yes, thanks. I theyard a couple of things that I think will have an effect in our DIY business. So I'll start off with our Speed Perks loyalty program. It's something that we feel our field team needed. It was a gap that we had and we now feel like we have tthey best in tthey industry. So it is now rolled out in tthey majority of our stores. We're seeing some very nice growth, and it is clearly going to theylp us in terms of a bounce back effect of customers coming back to our stores as well as our ability to one-to-one marketing our customers. Training was clearly a focus for us as well. That began last year, it continues into ttheir year. We have to convert at tthey counter and we have to convert with our car guy, our primary theyavy-duty DIY customer. And ttheyn we have some natural benefits coming out of tthey CCR work. If you think about tthey consolidations, conversions, relocations, ttheyre is a DIY opportunity within some of ttheyse CARQUEST stores and businesses that we're pulling forward. Darren R. Jackson Aram, tthey ottheyr thing is, I think, we have been off television now, Charles, for a couple of years. You probably saw us right before tthey Super Bowl and ttheyn two, we have significantly upped even our television spend in tthey [indiscernible] And we have been light in both of those channels at reaching customers in a couple of years. Aram Rubinson - Wolfe Research, LLC Okay. And ttheyn tthey follow-up is just wondering about tthey earnings cadence, is ttheyre anything kind of abnormal that ttheyy would kind of make any 1 or 2 quarters grow faster or slower than tthey house? And ttheyn I think you referenced 4 times how pleased you are to tthey start of 2015. Is that because of fuel? Is that because of something else? And how pleased is pleased? Michael A. Norona I'll let George take ttheir. George E. Stheyrman I don't think it's fuel. I mean, I think if you think about our industry, tthey fuel benefit's not because of an increase in discretionary income, it's because of an increase in miles driven on tthey road. So I think we're a little early in tthey game in terms of seeing that mileage effect on vehicles. Michael A. Norona And we're also pleased with our commercial growth and tthey capabilities. And so I think ttheyre's some optimism. Tthey consumer sentiment, obviously, is positive with fuel prices. And ttheyn in terms of tthey cadence of tthey year, no, ttheyre's not a lot, I think Darren hit that earlier. I think we're going to build throughout tthey year. Ttheyre's a little bit of things going with some of tthey field work that we've done. George said that we're off to a good start with that team. We're really proud of tthey work that, that team has done, and we couldn't be more pleased with how tthey teams are coming togettheyr from a cultural standpoint. But we expect to it to build throughout tthey year. It's going to be driven by commercial. And as George said earlier, we look to improve tthey choppiness in our DIY business. Operator Our final question today comes from Matttheyw Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Two ttheir morning. Tthey first if you try to x out, obviously, tthey noise with tthey extra week and such, it looks like tthey pace of expense growth moderated in tthey fourth quarter from tthey prior quarters. I don't think synergies were a big part of that and I suspect that some of tthey store consolidations you have were a part of it. But since we don't have kind of clean footage numbers, anything you could talk to was about in terms of drivers of tthey more moderate expense growth relative to sales? Michael A. Norona Yes. Thanks, Matt. Over tthey -- I think we've built some nice muscles in 2012 and 2013 in terms of our cost. And we've got to do a lot more work on our cost. But we were really proud of tthey teams. I think tthey discretionary, as Darren said, business slowed a little bit. We didn't get -- especially after Thanksgiving, and tthey teams did a nice job pulling back on tthey larger discretionary expenses. We had less travel, we had less -- just a lot of tthey discretionary bucket. Tthey ottheyr thing that also impacts that number, and we'll be anniversary-ing it obviously next year and we mentioned, is tthey incentive compensation. From a field perspective, we paid out nice bonuses ttheir year, and we're always proud of that. And that's our ultimate goal. Obviously, some of us at our corporate level have annual bonuses. We always set higtheyr expectations for us as a team, and we had a little bit of incentive cost turn back that impacted tthey numbering and positively impacted our SG&A. And we would expect next year, tthey incentive comps to more normalize. That will be a little bit of a theyadwind in Q4 of next year. But it was a -- it did theylp in SG&A in our fourth quarter. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division That's terrific color. My follow-up question relates to store consolidations. You gave us guidance to your net openings for Advance and for WORLDPAC. Can you tell us wtheyttheyr ttheyre are any additional closings that we need to contemplate within tthey CARQUEST, tthey GPI organization more broadly for 2015? And ttheyn also to what degree is some of tthey benefit to comps from recapturing some of those sales factored into tthey outlook? Darren R. Jackson Yes, Matt. Here's a way to think about it, is that are we going to do more consolidations next year? Yes. But during tthey first quarter of tthey year, we've actually slowed those efforts to allow tthey teams to better work togettheyr in tthey field as we talked about our field organization. We thought that's really important for our team members and our customers in terms of maintaining that consistency and building those rhythms that we talked about. George, they can probably talk about -- we probably won't get started until Q2, Q3 in tthey overall consolidation process and conversion process again for next year. And I think tthey run rate that we've talked about wtheyn we get into tthey back half of tthey year is roughly 115 stores a quarter, Matt. And so I would say as we get to furttheyr conference calls to give you more color, but we've made a decision that tthey most important thing in ttheir first quarter of tthey year is to come out of ttheir first quarter with a focus and consistency of how our teams are running ttheyir businesses after tthey reorganization and how ttheyy're focused on customer retention and growth and that consolidation effort will pick up more -- with more intensity as we get to tthey second quarter and back half of tthey year. George E. Stheyrman Yes. Matt, maybe a little bit more color. I think you'll see a change in how we go about consolidations beginning ttheir year. Tthey first 100 stores that we did just happened to be low-volume CARQUEST stores. Ttheyy were opportunistic, ttheyy were a learning opportunity for us. Ttheyy weren't tthey best businesses that we're going to consolidate. Those are actually atheyad of us still. Going into 2015, to Darren's point, we'll ramp up during tthey course of tthey year, and we'll establish a pretty good cadence of consolidation. It will be by market. So we'll go in and we'll, for instance, do tthey Dallas market, tthey Houston market and complete ttheym one major market at a time more in more of a wave approach as opposed to a fairly random one in 2014 that was really based upon tthey lower volume nature of tthey stores. Operator Thank you. I will now turn tthey call back to Zatheyed Mawani for any final comments. Zatheyed Mawani Thank you, Wendy, and thanks to our audience for participating in our fourth quarter conference call. If you have additional questions, please call me at (952) 715-5097. Reporters, please contact Stheylly Whitaker at (540) 561-8452. That concludes our call. Operator Thank you. That concludes our call today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining us.