Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 16, 2022 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations Tom Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stheyptheyrd - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Christian Carlino - JPMorgan  Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Steven Zaccone - Citigroup  Atul Matheyswari - UBS  Zachary Fadem - Wells Fargo  David Bellinger - MKM Partners  Michael Montani - Evercore ISI  Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities  Bret Jordan - Jefferies  Mitch Ingles - Raymond James  Chris Bottiglieri - BNP Paribas  Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Third Quarter Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q3 results. I'm joined by Tom Greco, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that remarks today will contain forward-looking statements. All statements, ottheyr than statements of theirtorical fact are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projections and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey caption forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to thank our entire Advance team and Carquest independent partners for ttheyir dedication throughout Q3, in particular, our teams throughout tthey Souttheyast who are still working diligently to get ttheyir communities back to normal after tthey damage caused by recent hurricanes. Our team always rises to tthey occasion in situations like ttheir, and I could not be prouder of how we've theylped ottheyrs in a time of great need. We simply could not do what we do without our team's unwavering focus on tthey customer. I'll begin my remarks today with an overview of our Q3 performance and how we're thinking about tthey balance of 2022. Ttheir includes tthey factors that led us to reiterate our full year guidance on net sales growth, comparable store sales and adjusted operating income margin while revising adjusted diluted earnings per share and free cash flow. Based on tthey updated full year guidance we provided in our press release last night, 2022 will be our second consecutive year of sales growth and adjusted operating margin expansion on tthey back of our strong performance in 2021. We believe we'll be one of very few retailers delivering back-to-back years of sales growth and adjusted operating income margin expansion. Secondly, I'll briefly discuss some of tthey actions we're taking in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyse actions reflect our analysis of year-to-date performance and were informed by our early thinking surrounding 2023. Finally, I'll conclude with a review of tthey progress we're making on primary strategic initiatives before turning tthey call over to Jeff. Starting with tthey third quarter. Net sales were up 0.8% and comparable store sales declined by 0.7%, in line with previous expectations. As we're expanding our footprint, new stores are providing incremental net sales growth. Increasing owned brand penetration is an important part of our margin expansion plans. However, owned brands have a lower price point, reducing net sales growth by 78 basis points and comp sales by 88 basis points in tthey quarter. In terms of category growth, batteries, fluids and ctheymicals as well as brakes were tthey top performers in Q3. Regional sales performance was led by tthey West, Mid-Atlantic and Florida. Both Pro and DIY omnichannel comp sales were in line with overall comp performance. Moving to profitability. We're pleased that we were able to deliver a 98 basis point increase in our adjusted gross profit margin rate in Q3. Ttheir was primarily driven by our focus on category management, which is our largest initiative to drive profitable growth. Strategic pricing initiatives and higtheyr margin rates associated with owned brands were key enablers to adjusted gross profit margin expansion. In Q3, owned brands as a percent of total net sales were up nearly 230 basis points. SG&A costs were up 5.4% year-over-year, and given limited net sales growth, more than offset adjusted gross margin expansion in tthey quarter. Higtheyr SG&A was primarily driven by inflationary costs. Overall, in Q3, adjusted operating income margin was 9.8%, which was down 68 basis points versus Q3 2021. As we lapped strong net income growth in Q3 2021, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.84 was down 11.5% versus tthey prior year quarter. Both GAAP and adjusted diluted earnings per share included a theyadwind of approximately $0.20 per share from foreign currency impacts in Q3. Importantly, we continued to invest in tthey business while maintaining our strong commitment to capital stewardship by returning approximately $860 million in cash to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends during tthey first three quarters of 2022. Turning to guidance. Ttheyre are a couple of factors which led to our updates in tthey press release yesterday. First, we reiterated full year guidance on net sales growth, comparable store sales and adjusted operating income margin rate. We revised full year adjusted diluted earnings per share to reflect both tthey foreign currency theyadwind in Q3, along with tthey estimated impact in Q4. Our full year guidance reflects an expansion of adjusted operating income margin and a range on adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 5% to 6%. Ttheir is on top of a 48% increase in 2021 versus 2020 on a comparative 52-week basis. Secondly, we revised our free cash flow outlook for tthey year to a minimum of $300 million due to updates in our working capital assumptions primarily related to inventory. Jeff will furttheyr outline tthey drivers of ttheyse changes to our free cash flow guidance later. While our full year 2022 guidance affirms that we believe we will expand margins, we're lagging tthey market in top line growth in 2022. We're not at all satisfied with ttheir outcome as it's inconsistent with our target of growing at or above tthey market over tthey long term. As we develop plans for 2023 and beyond, we've done a deep dive on tthey competitive environment and tthey actions necessary to accelerate growth. From our analysis, two opportunities came to tthey forefront, particularly in tthey professional sales channel. First, we have opportunities on availability in certain categories, which require inventory investment to enable us to get more SKUs closer to tthey customer. Secondarily, while our research has consistently indicated that price is not tthey most important driver of choice for professional customers, we've tested and will make surgical pricing actions in certain categories to enable us to better address changes in competitive pricing dynamics. We believe of ttheyse two, tthey targeted inventory investment is by far tthey most important step needing to set us up for improved top line performance and share gains in 2023. As you know, 2023 will be tthey final year of a three-year strategic plan we outlined in April '21 that focused on growing at or above market, expanding margins and returning excess cash to shareholders. We establittheyyd three-year performance ranges for several financial metrics and an overarching goal of delivering top quartile total shareholder return. We achieved that TSR goal for 2021 and continue to believe that we will achieve tthey majority of tthey three-year goals outlined. In terms of adjusted operating income margin rate, we've delivered significant margin expansion since tthey start of 2021. We're also executing strategic initiatives to enable furttheyr margin expansion. However, we now expect that reaching tthey targeted three-year range for margin by tthey end of 2023 will be very challenging. We're not satisfied that we've lagged industry growth in 2022, and we're taking actions to accelerate growth. If tthey current competitive environment in tthey professional sales channel extends into 2023, it will make achieving tthey targeted margin and earnings per share thresholds shared at tthey start of 2021 even more difficult. All that said, we remain optimistic about tthey fundamentals of our industry. We also believe we'll deliver against tthey majority of tthey three-year goals outlined in 2021. And importantly, we're building plans to accelerate growth in 2023. It's also critical to reinforce that margin expansion remains an integral part of our TSR strategy, and we believe that we still have significant opportunity to drive profitable growth over tthey long term. Shifting back to 2022 and specific to our Professional business in Q3. Strategic accounts in TechNet led our growth. As discussed in August, we are carefully monitoring how and wtheyre we're investing within Pro, which includes deploying resources to our fastest-growing and most profitable categories and customers. Overall, we remain highly focused on what customers value most: extensive parts availability, excellent customer service both online and in ttheyir shops as well as consistent and reliable delivery. As we strive to improve customer service and delivery reliability, we recognize our Professional customers' weekend car counts are growing as a percent of ttheyir overall business. During tthey quarter, we deployed new delivery software to leverage tthey gig economy as well as our extensive vehicle fleet. Ttheir enables us to improve delivery speed and consistency on tthey weekend wtheyn our Pro customers are relying on us while reducing fixed costs over time. As we build additional capabilities in our Advance and Carquest Professional B2B platforms, our online penetration has reactheyd record levels. Strategic partnerships are also enabling us to drive our connected shop initiative, which enables customers to access tools and data resources, generate faster repair order approvals, deliver higtheyr conversion rates and improve shop efficiency. With our connected shop, Advance Pro and Carquest Pro are directly integrated into Tekmetric, our exclusive partner and industry-leading shop management system. Ttheir powerful workflow combination allows our Pro shops to purchase parts and drop ttheym directly into repair shop work orders quickly and easily. With tthey integration of our diagnostic and service information, MotoLogic, we have a powerful operating platform for our customers that theylps drive shop efficiencies and increases work order conversion rates. For DIY omnichannel in Q3, our highly regarded owned brands are a differentiator for Advance. Specific to DieHard, we continue to build ttheir brand and delivered anottheyr quarter of double-digit sales growth. Ttheir ongoing strength is due in part to tthey combination of strong consumer regard and our commitment to building brand equity with innovation. Our latest product innovation launctheyd earlier ttheir year is tthey exclusive first-to-market DieHard xEV battery, optimized for tthey growing number of hybrid and electric vehicles on tthey road. Tthey combination of trust, reliability and innovation for DieHard sets us apart. In addition, tthey enhancement of Speed Perks through tthey launch of Gas Rewards has been a highlight for DIY ttheir year and is theylping drive increased loyalty. Year-to-date, Active Speed Perks members have increased to over 13 million. In Q3, Speed Perks as a percent of both sales and transactions significantly increased compared with tthey prior year quarter. In addition to tthey double-digit growth in new members, we're also delivering double-digit growth in graduations to our VIP and Elite tiers. Finally, we're making meaningful progress on expanding our footprint. Altogettheyr, we opened 37 new locations ttheir quarter, bringing our total to 115 new locations year-to-date. We expect that we will be within our guidance range of 125 to 150 new stores and branctheys for 2022. Ttheir will be tthey largest number of new locations we've opened in 8 years. I'll now shift to tthey progress we're making to capitalize on our margin expansion opportunity. We continue to execute our category management strategy, which includes having tthey right brands, quality products and tthey optimal mix of good, better and best options. In addition, growing owned brands and implementing strategic pricing actions to cover cost increases are key enablers of margin expansion. Our new strategic pricing capabilities also enable us to respond with targeted and precise actions. Ttheir means we can both eliminate unprofitable discounts to improve gross margin rate and, at tthey same time, make calculated investments elsewtheyre to drive sales. Within supply chain, we're ramping up tthey new San Bernardino DC to increase capacity to support our West Coast expansion. Ttheir DC will be a critical consolidation point for supplier shipments and enhance our e-commerce capabilities. Our new Toronto DC went live shipping in late October and is now fully operational. In ttheir DC, we have both Worldpac and Carquest parts, which consolidates two buildings in Toronto and tthey surrounding Souttheyrn Ontario area to 1 large DC. We've also completed a major expansion of tthey DC in Thomson, Georgia, increasing tthey size by 40% and optimizing tthey building layout to significantly improve productivity. While ttheyse investments drive growth and productivity, we're also exiting four DCs as planned. In summary, while ttheir was a difficult quarter for Advance, Comp sales and adjusted operating income margins were generally in line with our expectations. And based on our updated guidance, we'll deliver tthey second consecutive year of net sales growth and adjusted operating margin expansion. However, we're not satisfied with relative top line performance versus tthey industry ttheir year and are taking measured deliberate actions to accelerate growth in 2023. It's important to reinforce that we still see significant opportunity to drive total shareholder return over tthey long term through sales growth, margin expansion and returning excess cash to shareholders. I'll now turn tthey call over to Jeff to review Q3 financials and updated outlook for tthey balance of tthey year. Jeff? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I would also like to start by thanking our team members for ttheyir hard work while navigating ttheir challenging environment. In Q3, net sales of $2.6 billion increased 0.8% compared with Q3 2021, driven by strategic pricing and new store openings. Comparable store sales declined 0.7%. Adjusted gross profit margin expanded 98 basis points to 47.2%. In tthey quarter, same-SKU inflation was approximately 7.9%, and we expect ttheir to continue through tthey balance of tthey year.  Q3 adjusted SG&A of $989 million grew 5.4% and was 37.5% of net sales. Ttheir compares to $938 million or 35.8% of net sales in Q3 2021. Tthey largest SG&A theyadwinds in tthey quarter were higtheyr inflation in store payroll, medical and fuel; and ttheir, coupled with softer top line performance resulted in deleverage. It's important to note that we did not see significant theyadwinds from our California expansion in Q3 and expect ttheir will contribute to SG&A leverage in Q4. Our Q3 adjusted operating income was $258 million, a decrease of 5.8% compared with Q3 2021. Our Q3 adjusted OI margin rate was 9.8%, a decrease of 68 basis points compared with Q3 2021. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.84 decreased 11.5% compared with our Q3 2021. Our diluted EPS on both a GAAP and adjusted basis was negatively impacted by approximately $0.20 from foreign currency. Free cash flow year-to-date was $149 million compared with $734 million in tthey same period of 2021. As Tom mentioned, we are making strategic inventory investments to improve availability in tthey back half of 2022, which are important to accelerate growth in 2023. In addition, through process and technology improvements, we are now processing aged and disputed payables more efficiently. Ttheyse changes to our working capital expectations have led to a reduction of our 2022 free cash flow guidance with inventory being tthey primary factor. In addition, we continue to invest in tthey business, and Q3 capital expenditures were $122 million, bringing year-to-date capital expenditures to $334 million. As stated in our press release, we're increasing expectations for CapEx ttheir year which is primarily due to higtheyr inflation impacting construction costs related to new store openings. While expectations for free cash flow have changed, our capital allocation priorities remain tthey same, and we are delivering on ttheym. We continue to return cash to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. In Q3, we returned $75 million to shareholders through tthey repurchase of approximately 444,000 shares at an average price of $168.93 and approximately $91 million through our quarterly cash dividend. Our Board also recently approved our quarterly cash dividend of $1.50. Year-to-date, we've returned approximately $860 million to shareholders, in line with our capital allocation priorities. Moving to guidance. We anticipate slight gross margin deleverage in Q4, driven by higtheyr product costs coming off tthey balance ttheyyet as expected, which will be offset by significant SG&A leverage. Ttheir will enable full year adjusted operating income margin expansion between 20 basis points to 40 basis points as guided in August. We believe that we will be one of tthey few companies in all of retail to deliver adjusted operating income margin expansion in 2022. In summary, we're reiterating tthey following elements of our August guidance: net sales of $11 billion to $11.2 billion; comparable store sales of negative 1% to flat; adjusted operating income margin rate of 9.8% to 10%, income tax rate of 24% to 26%; and 125 to 150 new stores and branch openings. However, we're making tthey following updates to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $12.60 to $12.80, which is entirely attributable to tthey estimated full year impact of foreign currency: minimum CapEx of $350 million; minimum free cash flow of $300 million; and share repurchases of up to $600 million. With that, let's open tthey phone lines to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from tthey line of Christoptheyr Horvers with JPMorgan. Christian Carlino It's Christian Carlino on for Chris. Just trying to better understand tthey decision to build inventory. Are ttheyre particular regions or categories wtheyre you were previously starved? And how should we think about tthey margin implications putting those extra units to work? Tom Greco  Well, first of all, our goal is to grow at or above tthey market and we didn't achieve that in Q3. So we did a pretty deep dive on tthey underperformance, and it was really concentrated in a couple of Professional categories. And tthey analysis that we did identified two primary drivers: first of all, getting more inventory closer to tthey customer was a key opportunity, and we also talked about relative price. But tthey much larger opportunity is inventory availability and getting parts closer to tthey customers. So tthey focus is really on a couple of areas. First of all, tthey categories that we transitioned over tthey last couple of years to owned brand. Ttheyse are big categories. That's wtheyre a lot of tthey underperformance was in Professional. We're making sure that we've improve our on-hand position on those categories. We're still not exactly wtheyre we want ttheym to be. We spend a lot of time with our suppliers and our team on ttheir, and we're focused on making sure that we're in a really strong position on ttheyse categories we've transitioned. We benefited from tthey owned brand margin expansion. Now we need to get tthey top line going in some of those categories. We're also adding some depth to high-velocity SKUs and also some breadth to certain applications and getting ttheym closer to tthey market. So we feel tthey inventory investment is really important for us to accelerate our growth, which is tthey #1 priority we have right now. Christian Carlino Got it. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn I guess on tthey capitalized inventory costs, could you speak to your level of visibility going into tthey first half of next year? And should tthey theyadwinds abate in tthey first half? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. So as it relates to our LIFO costs, you'll see it later on, but we had about $67 million of LIFO costs in tthey third quarter. We expect that to continue into tthey fourth quarter. Fourth quarter will largely look like it did last year. So that's going to put us on track to have capitalized costs in sort of tthey $275 million to $300 million range. Under tthey assumption that costs are going to come down over tthey back half of tthey year, we would largely recognize ttheyse over tthey first half of 2023. So that's tthey way we're looking at it right now. Obviously, it's a very dynamic situation, having a good understanding in terms of what ttheyse products or input costs are going to do and how ttheyy're going to shape up over tthey balance of '23.  Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.  Simeon Gutman I wanted to ask about pricing. You made tthey business theyalthier over tthey last few years because you've taken out ttheyse price match overrides. And I think it sounds like you've been more disciplined in general. So can you talk about pricing? Your peers have obviously engaged in some discounting. You haven't used that lever. And I know you're, I guess, attacking tthey problem with inventory. But curious how you think about price versus assortment or depth of inventory. Tom Greco  Simeon, so our analysis suggests that tthey majority of tthey underperformance in Pro is driven by availability and inventory positioning. So you're right on interpreting that. It's -- availability is tthey #1 driver of choice for tthey professional installers. And as we said many times, price is much lower down tthey list. So in general, we are continuing to execute our category management strategy and much of that remains tthey same. So we are going to remain very disciplined in how we price in tthey marketplace. We have so much more in terms of soptheirticated tools to manage pricing than we did wtheyn all of us arrived theyre a few years ago. So I feel really good about wtheyre we're positioned ttheyre. Tthey new capabilities allow us to price by region, by market, by channel, by store. So we're still focused on removing unprofitable discounts in really in all channels. So that doesn't change. I think what is new is we successfully tested some surgical pricing actions in some of tthey more challenged categories, and we're going to essentially continue to do that and expand that more broadly. Our goal overall is to price to cover cost increases. However, we're going to make some investments in key categories wtheyre we expect to drive incremental top line growth. Simeon Gutman  Okay. And ttheyn my follow-up is a little bit of clarification on tthey prior question. If you're buying more inventory, wouldn't that -- that would lower capitalized costs, at least for tthey first part -- in ttheyory, I think if that's right, that would theylp your gross margins earlier on. And may be too early for ttheir, but can you give us any type of preview for gross margin broadly next year balancing, tthey capitalized cost against I don't know if it's LIFO or ottheyr factors along with your initiatives, tthey direction for growth. I think you've said it should still be up in that direction next year. Just curious if you can comment on that? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. I mean, certainly, those costs are going to come off tthey balance ttheyyet over tthey balance of next year. We think ttheir is going to be a challenging theyadwind for us as we go into '23 and try to continue to grow our margins, both tthey product cost as well as tthey capitalized costs, wtheyttheyr it's freight costs being capitalized, wtheyttheyr it's supply chain costs being capitalized. That will land on tthey balance ttheyyet with tthey inventory as we acquire it and will come off over tthey balance of next year. Again, we think most of ttheir will roll off in tthey first half of tthey year. We will give an update on 2023 in terms of how we're thinking about our margins, but we know that ttheir is going to be a significant theyadwind as we go into next year. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [Mark Jordan] on for Kate. Just wondering if you can talk about your category management initiative and specifically tthey removal of ttheyse unprofitable discounts. How far along you are moving those discounts? And how much of a theyadwind it might have been to comps in tthey quarter?  Tom Greco  Well, we're really pleased with tthey progress we've made on category management over tthey last couple of years. It's tthey single biggest driver of gross margin. It's been a huge contributor to tthey fact that right up until Q3, we had expanded margins overall for nine straight quarters. So tthey execution of that plan continues. Ttheyre's a couple of elements. Ttheyre's strategic sourcing. Ttheyre's tthey owned brand penetration, which improved in tthey quarter. We were up a couple of hundred basis points in terms of our owned brand penetration. . And ttheyn on tthey pricing front, as I mentioned on tthey previous question, we're being very surgical in how we act. So we're able to remove unprofitable discounts wtheyre it doesn't make sense, and we're able to invest wtheyre we need to in order to drive profitable top line growth. So it's really leveraging all tthey tools that we put in place over tthey past couple of years. Ttheir was tthey single biggest driver of tthey margin expansion plan that we laid out over tthey last couple of years, and we're continuing to execute against it. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Bobby Suzuki with Bank of America. Okay. We will move on to tthey next question that comes from tthey line of Steven Zaccone with Citigroup. Steven Zaccone A question on tthey owned brand impact to same-store sales. How do you expect that to trend in tthey fourth quarter? And should that continue to be a drag into next year? At what point is that kind of in tthey baseline? Tom Greco  Sure. Well, we've been expanding for several quarters now, as you know. We called out roughly 80 basis points of net sales and 90 of comp sales. And tthey big categories that are contributing are tthey ones that we've been transitioning, which is engine management and under car. So we still have a ways to go yet in terms of our reaching our goals ttheyre. So we would expect that to continue on. But it's -- it's a comp sales theyadwind, but it's a good thing in that we are driving significant improvement in gross margin. And that's tthey opportunity for us. I mean, margin expansion remains very, very important to us, and ttheir is a key part of that. Tthey good thing theyre is our customers love ttheir product. I mean, we're building strong brands. is a terrific brand. It had anottheyr great quarter. We're at tthey #1 highly regarded -- most highly regarded battery in tthey country. We've extended that into ottheyr categories such as tools. And ttheyn tthey Carquest brand is very popular with professional installers. Tthey quality that we put in place for our Carquest product is very much respected by our customers. We have a much lower return rates. So it's a very positive story. And we'll take tthey comp sales on a long with obviously, tthey margin expansion that we're getting from it. Steven Zaccone  Okay. Ttheyn second question, more of a strategic question. So you plan on accelerating growth in 2023 because of tthey potential share loss you've seen. What does that mean for tthey strategic importance of margin expansion next year? I know you're not providing guidance, but given your commentary about tthey difficulty in achieving that margin rate that you previously talked about for 2023, should we be thinking a pause in margin expansion is tthey right way to think about tthey model for '23? Tom Greco  Sure. Well, let me speak to tthey targets we talked about. It's about 18 months ago, if you recall, in April of 2021. And what we did at that point was we outlined three overarching goals to drive total shareholder return: comp sales growth, expand margins and returning excess cash to shareholders. And we also establittheyyd six financial metrics associated with that TSR drivers. In 2021, we performed really well against tthey TSR drivers and all six of those metrics we achieved. We ended up in tthey top quartile in terms of TSR performance relative to tthey S&P. We're now -- up until now, we had nine straight quarters of sales growth and margin expansion. As we got into 2022, tthey macroeconomic and competitive environment changed and it really impacted us in tthey third quarter.  While we expect to expand margins full year ttheir year and we've already returned about $900 million in cash to shareholders, our 2022 sales are below our expectations. And we are taking tthey actions now to address that underperformance. So as we look forward to 2023, to your direct question, we believe we can get inside tthey '23 ranges on most of tthey metrics that we outlined. However, tthey margin rate and EPS ranges are really dependent on tthey competitive environment that we'll see in 2023, which is hard to predict right now. And if tthey competitive environment, in Professional particularly, looks like it does in 2022, achieving tthey low end of tthey range of those two areas, margin rate and earnings per share is unlikely. Now if we look beyond 2023, we're building a plan that will include all tthey key elements of tthey current TSR agenda, and we're going to continue to target top quartile TSR growth including all of those elements. So we still have plenty of upside to drive TSR going forward. We're just being cautious about 2023 given tthey competitive environment that we're in right now. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Michael Lasser with UBS. Atul Matheyswari  Ttheir is Atul Matheyswari on for Michael Lasser. Advance has taken a lot of steps over tthey years to improve its business, yet it seems like tthey pace of market share losses are now accelerating. Why do you think that is tthey case? And are some of tthey factors that are causing tthey underperformance simply structural in nature and cannot be fixed? Tom Greco  Well, as we said earlier, we've done a pretty deep dive on what drove tthey underperformance. We performed well right up until tthey third quarter in terms of our agenda. Our strategy is unique. Our goal is to drive total shareholder return through comp sales and margin expansion and returning excess cash to shareholders, which has worked well for us up until tthey third quarter. We're not happy that we didn't expand margins in tthey third quarter, but I am very pleased that tthey team has worked very hard at accelerating growth going forward. And that's wtheyre we're focused in 2023. Tthey underperformance, we've identified a couple of key areas, and that is to get more targeted inventory investment closer to tthey customer and take some surgical pricing actions. And that will theylp us get our top line wtheyre it needs to be.  Atul Matheyswari  Got it. That's very theylpful. And as a follow-up question, I had one on your inventory investments. So you're looking for inventory investments going forward. At tthey same time, tthey inventory growth has outpaced sales growth for a while now. So does that mean that ttheyre are certain categories wtheyre you have tthey inventory but simply not tthey right inventory? And if you could provide color on what categories those are? Tom Greco  Sure. Tthey focus is in a couple of areas, as I mentioned earlier. We want to make sure that we get ttheyse large categories that we've transitioned to owned brand over tthey past couple of years to an on-hand rate that we're comfortable with. And while we've improved over tthey last year, we're still not wtheyre we need to be in ttheyse big categories. So that's job one. We're also improving tthey depth of high-velocity SKUs and getting those closer to tthey customer; and ttheyn, in some cases, adding breadth that's closer to tthey customer. So it's really through our analysis of tthey Professional channel, how we're positioned in tthey market, what's our assortment rate, what's our close rate? We've done a very deep dive on wtheyre we are, and we're confident that tthey plans we're building are going to theylp us accelerate growth in 2023. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Zach Fadem with Wells Fargo. Zachary Fadem  Can you walk through tthey mechanics around tthey FX hit in a little more detail? And considering ttheir is primarily a domestic business in terms of your sales, maybe talk through transaction versus translation impact. And how should we think about tthey Q4 impact and anything lingering into 2023? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure. So first of all, tthey impact is completely transaction versus translation, and it really comes from two sources. Tthey first and more significant is our -- we have a Taiwanese purchasing entity that's domiciled in Taiwan. And so what it does is essentially purchases inventory and gets it over to us so we can sell it theyre in tthey U.S. And what that does is it creates sort of a one side of tthey exposure because ttheyre aren't any receivables to naturally offset that. So it's a Taiwanese dollar entity purchasing inventory in currencies including tthey U.S. dollar. Tthey Taiwanese dollar has weakened substantially in tthey quarter against tthey U.S. dollar, and that's what's created ttheir exposure which, quite frankly, is not something we've seen in tthey past.  We've known we've had ttheir exposure forever, but we haven't seen ttheir level of change between eittheyr tthey Taiwanese dollar or tthey ottheyr impact, which was tthey Canadian dollar. On tthey Canadian dollar side, it's really a similar story. We do purchase in Canada, which is a Canadian dollar functional entity and it's buying certain inventory in U.S. dollars.  Tthey Canadian dollar also weakened against tthey U.S. dollar. But a similar story, while we do have receivables in Canada, those are all in Canadian dollars, you don't get that natural theydge. We don't do any theydging theyre as an organization, quite frankly, because we haven't needed to. And so we didn't anticipate ttheir level of change between tthey U.S. dollar and those two foreign currencies. That's what drove to tthey $0.20 decrease in our EPS in tthey third quarter. Tthey easy way to think about tthey fourth quarter is you can look at tthey midpoint of EPS between our Q -- our August guidance and our current guidance. You'll see we're estimating anottheyr $0.10 of EPS in tthey fourth quarter. Zachary Fadem  Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn with your Q4 operating margin outlook implying about 130 basis points of expansion, can you walk through tthey SG&A levers theyre in a little bit more detail that give you confidence in tthey sharp year-over-year improvement from theyre? And ttheyn how should we think about SG&A leverage as we move our way through 2023?  Jeff Stheyptheyrd So tthey fourth quarter -- ttheyre's a couple of things that are going to drive ttheir significantly. Tthey first is tthey start-up costs associated with our footprint expansion, namely in California. We're going to be lapping that. We've opened 37 stores theyre in tthey third quarter. We've got a robust agenda to open stores in tthey fourth quarter and get well within our range of about 125 to 150 stores. And that will theylp give us tthey leverage on tthey SG&A related to new stores. Tthey ottheyr is really just we're starting to lap tthey wage inflation that we saw in tthey fourth quarter. So on a year-over-year basis, that starts to even out and theylp us out on a year-over-year basis. So those are going to be tthey two primary drivers.  Now keep in mind, fourth quarter is incredibly volatile. And so we're going to be managing our costs very, very closely, certainly our store labor costs. In addition to that, looking very closely at travel and any ottheyr discretionary costs that we really don't think we need going into tthey last 12 weeks of tthey year theyre. So it's going to be a combination of those that really give us tthey confidence that we're going to leverage SG&A in tthey fourth quarter. Looking to 2023, we'll give you more guidance as we work through our AOP in February, but we will be lapping a number of ttheyse costs and we're going to take that into consideration as we put togettheyr our plan for next year. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of David Bellinger with MKM Partners.  David Bellinger  Just following up on that last one. So on tthey annual guidance, you lowered tthey EPS range about $0.30 at tthey midpoint. Based on your comments just now, so that tthey FX theyadwind was $0.20 in Q3, expected anottheyr $0.10 in Q4. So just absent tthey FX factor, is ttheyre anything else really changing in your fundamental view? Or should we just think about ttheir guide down being all FX-driven and tthey underlying fundamentals Q3 to Q4 not really seeing any change? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Look, tthey short answer is yes. I mean, it's entirely driven by tthey FX and that's tthey $0.30 that you've called out, $0.20 in Q3 and $0.10 in Q4. Everything else is in line with tthey expectations and tthey guide that we put out in August, which is why we haven't changed tthey rest of tthey P&L guide, if you will, for Q4. David Bellinger  Got it. And ttheyn just my follow-up theyre. Any comment on sales trends through tthey quarter? And ttheyn implied in that Q4 guide, I think ttheyre's a pretty wide range of outcomes ttheyre. You'd be slightly positive all tthey way down to negative 4% on tthey comps. So can you give us some indication of wtheyre trends are through mid-November? I know we're theyaring some overall softening in retail sales in recent weeks. Are you seeing any of that show up in your business? Tom Greco  David, well, first of all, just to round out Q3, our strongest period of tthey quarter was tthey last period. So we saw improvement in tthey summer. We talked about making sure that we are removing ttheyse unprofitable discounts, that, that was going to have a bigger impact and would dissipate over time. So we expect that will happen. As we get into tthey fourth quarter, ttheir is a highly volatile quarter. That's really tthey origin of tthey guide. Ttheir is a very resilient industry. You've theyard that from us before. We expect that tthey category will continue to grow at tthey rates that it has been growing. It's been a robust year for tthey industry. We just need to be growing faster in Advance. That's why we're taking tthey actions that we're taking. So relative to what you're theyaring about in total retail, we're not seeing that. I think that you'll continue to see strength in tthey automotive aftermarket. Tthey DIY segment performed well at tthey end of tthey quarter for us. So we feel like tthey industry performance will continue to be strong, with tthey caveat that tthey fourth quarter is our smallest of tthey year and it has tthey most volatility. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Mike Montani with Evercore ISI. Michael Montani  It's Mike on for Greg Melich. Just wanted to ask if I could, first off, just for some additional color, if you could share it in terms of tthey comp trend for DIY versus Pro as well as ticket versus transaction count? And ttheyn I had a follow-up question. Tom Greco  Sure. I'll start with tthey channels. We basically said DIY, Pro were in line with each ottheyr, which would imply actually an acceleration of DIY for us in tthey quarter. And we're actually pretty happy with what's going on in DIY. We're strengttheyning. Our expansion in tthey West has theylped us ttheyre. We are gaining a lot of market share in our West market. We're going to continue to focus on DIY. It's a very important part of our business. DieHard continues to do well. So overall, we saw strengttheyning in DIY. Wtheyre we saw weakness relative to tthey second quarter was in Professional. And that's why we're taking tthey actions that we're taking, targeted inventory investment, surgical pricing actions. So really DIY is getting -- got stronger for us, Pro got weaker overall. Ticket versus transaction, more of tthey same versus tthey second quarter, Mike. Our tickets were down in both Pro and DIY. And obviously, transactions continue to grow in terms of average ticket. So that's tthey tail to take ttheyre. Michael Montani  Got you. And ttheyn just on tthey market share front, just wanted to hit on, number one, if you can give some updates to tthey progress that you've been seeing for tthey Pep Boys converted stores. And ttheyn number two was you had mentioned increasing inventory availability, so I was wondering if ttheyre was anything you could share in terms of industry benchmark fill rates versus yourselves to theylp us kind of gauge what kind of improvement we could anticipate from tthey additional coverage? Tom Greco  Sure. A couple of things in your question ttheyre. So on tthey Pep Boys conversion, Jeff called out, ttheir is going to be tthey largest number of new store opens Advance has had in many, many years. So we've got that grooved much more so. We've got a new Head of our Field Operations, Junior Word, they is a terrific leader. He started out in stores 20 years ago. He's done all tthey key jobs inside of Advance. He's distinguittheyyd themself. He's done ttheir before. So we're very excited to have Junior take on tthey role of leading tthey field organization, including those stores that we're converting in tthey West. So each period, our market share grows. In those West stores, we still got lots of room for growth out ttheyre. So more to come ttheyre. . Second question was, Mike, again, remind me? Michael Montani  Sorry, just on tthey fill rates, I guess, on ttheyylf availability. Tom Greco  Yes. So what we've seen ttheyre, we really expected tthey on-hand rate, which is tthey ultimate measure, right, in tthey stores ttheymselves. Do you have it wtheyn tthey customer calls to get better in those categories that we converted. And it just hasn't. So I mean, we obviously have targets for each category. We also have targets by velocity bands. So A SKUs, B SKUs, C SKUs, et cetera. So what I can tell you is we've worked very collaboratively with our suppliers on ttheir topic. And ttheyy've been extremely theylpful. We stood up a number of new suppliers, literally all over tthey globe to enable ttheir expansion. And as we said earlier, we're very pleased with tthey margin expansion and tthey quality of tthey products. We're still not happy with wtheyre we are in terms of our on-hand rates. So all I can tell you is we're below wtheyre we need to be, and that is tthey focus is to get to better on-hand rates in ttheyse key categories. And as I said earlier, ttheyre are some ottheyr things we're doing with inventory as well. But tthey biggest one are to get our on-hand rate up in ttheyse converted categories owned brand. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Seth Basham  Tom, maybe you could just provide a little bit more perspective on what changed in terms of tthey competitive environment to drive ttheyse inventory and price investment decisions theyre. Was ttheyre a significant change in tthey third quarter? And ttheyn relatedly, do you expect tthey competitive reaction to ttheyse moves? Tom Greco  Well, first of all, we were executing our strategy, as you know, Seth, and -- which is a different strategy than our peers. I think, obviously, tthey inventory investments that have been made inside tthey industry and tthey widely documented pricing investments were out ttheyre. And as it started to have a greater impact on us, I think that's wtheyn we had to respond. And we're responding with primarily targeted inventory investments. That's tthey biggest one. That's wtheyre we really are focused theyre because we believe that's tthey most important thing, getting tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time. So we will take those actions, and we think that's going to have a big impact on improving our growth in 2023. Tthey pricing piece, because of our tools, we're able to respond surgically. It's not as important to our customers as tthey availability is. So we're going to be very thoughtful and disciplined about that pricing piece. But we are going to take some actions to respond to that.  In terms of competitive response, we'll see what happens ttheyre. But we're optimistic that tthey inventory investment that we're making will accelerate our performance in ttheyse key categories, which has really been a drag on us over tthey course of tthey year. . Seth Basham  Got it. And as a follow-up, can you talk about tthey investments in ttheyse key categories being ones that you had been focused on migrating more to private label. Does that mean that you need to be more aggressive in bringing national brand inventory back in ttheyse categories? Tom Greco  Generally speaking, we are very pleased with wtheyre our assortment is in tthey categories. Wtheyre we're focused is getting tthey on-hand rates wtheyre ttheyy need to be. So it's not that we are -- we have a brand issue necessarily. It's really more about getting tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies.  Bret Jordan  Do you have any data to support tthey commercial customers' enthusiasm for tthey private label products? I mean, maybe sort of a turnover in A SKUs, assuming that's a category you probably have in stock, tthey velocity of that product versus your prior strategy. Would you add a bit more national branded product in that mix? Tom Greco  We do. I mean, we have tthey -- essentially, wtheyn we have it, Bret, we -- tthey close rates are very strong. Tthey return rates are much lower. So we do have a positive reaction from our customers on ttheir. So it really is more about on-hand rate. . Bret Jordan  Okay. And ttheyn a question, I guess, as far as what inning in tthey inventory really appearing to manage your inventories down until recently. So I guess wtheyn we think about going into '23, wtheyre do you see tthey inventory build being or how out of stock are you, I guess, is tthey question? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. As we look at it right now, and our analysis would suggest that we need to make investments that -- we've made some in Q3, and we need to make some more in Q4. Obviously, that's dynamic and we'll continue to assess that, but that's tthey way we're looking at it right now is it's really a back half investment to get that availability as close to tthey customer as possible. Tom Greco  I'll add one thing to that, Bret. I mean, as we looked at ttheir earlier in tthey year, we obviously knew we were consolidating suppliers, we were reducing some redundancy in our SKU base. So ttheyre was a belief that, that inventory could come down in tthey back half. And through tthey analysis we've done, we just -- we've got to refine that and adjust that assumption. . Bret Jordan  But Q4 will likely be tthey inventory growth period in which one we're not going to be growing too much, not going to be a use of cash in '23 as much. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Well, yes. We're investing in tthey inventory theyre in tthey back half. Obviously, depending on tthey terms, you'll get some carryover into Q4, and we will take that into consideration as we're generating our free cash flow assumptions for next year.  Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Mitch Ingles with Raymond James. Mitch Ingles  Ttheir is Mitctheyll Ingles on for Bobby Griffin. I hope you're all well. So to start, could you give us an update on your Canadian operations? How do you see tthey Carquest and Worldpac Canadian operations fit into your long-term plans? With tthey recent ForEx impact, is ttheir business overall dilutive today to your performance? And how should we think about ForEx exposure going into 2023? Tom Greco  We see a lot of opportunity with our Canadian business. We made a big investment up ttheyre in tthey distribution center that is now carrying tthey Worldpac and Carquest parts. It is not dilutive to our overall business. It is a strong performing business. And we believe that we're going to be able to grow that business significantly as we've made a pretty big change up ttheyre in Ontario, which is tthey largest market. You mentioned tthey ForEx, I mean, obviously, it dropped down to a level that we haven't seen in a while. But over time, ttheyre's a lot of room for growth for us up in Canada, and we're going to continue to drive that growth. And we expect 2023 to be a very strong year up ttheyre. We've got tthey largest assortment of parts in Souttheyrn Ontario in that building. So a combination of OE parts from Worldpac, our owned brand portfolio of DieHard and Carquest, it's a great national brand. So optimistic about Canada for 2023. Mitch Ingles  Got it. And ttheyn as a follow-up, as you now expand your store footprint again ttheir year, fastest growth in eight years, how should we think about tthey comp sales benefit as ttheyse new stores grow into your comp base? And should we expect similar opening cadence next year? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. I mean, we're working through our store count for next year, but our plan is to expand our footprint. We think we have a number of opportunities both in terms of infill wtheyre we have a lot of density in areas wtheyre we have a lot of opportunity, namely out West. So we're going to work through that. In terms of comp, we absolutely expect that to give us a lift next year. It does take time. Ttheyse stores generally reach ttheyir maturity over a 3- to 4-year time frame. So we expect that to be an ongoing benefit, as we continue to open stores, it will continue to build on to our comp store base. . Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas. Chris Bottiglieri  So first one is like just given tthey competitive dynamics in Pro and youre unhappy as to market share dynamics, I wonder if you could consider tthey idea that focusing on margin expansion could be a distraction that is offsetting a lot of your hard work and significant accomplishments. Have you considered adjusting tthey TSR algorithm to focus on EBIT dollar growth rattheyr than rate? Tom Greco  Well, we've always had a balanced approach, Chris, to ttheir topic. I mean ttheyre are three levers to our TSR equation: finishing in tthey top quartile in 2021 was driven by sales growth, margin expansion and returning excess cash. Ttheir year, we clearly have not performed at tthey sales level that we would have liked, particularly over tthey last 2 quarters. So as we look atheyad, we're factoring that into tthey equation. But over time, we still have a very significant opportunity to expand margins. Margins remains very, very important. And we're not adjusting how we're looking at building long-term shareholder value, which remains significant for Advance. And that's a combination of driving sales growth, making sure that our margins continue to expand over time and returning excess cash. So tthey equation will remain tthey same, and we will continue to target top quartile TSR growth. . Chris Bottiglieri  Got you. And ttheyn a follow-up question on kind of price investments. It seems like your peers have taken price investments. I think both have lower Pro mix than you do. And it seems like tthey gross margin theyadwinds, at least for one of ttheym, seem to be somewtheyre in tthey 75 basis point to 100 basis point theyadwind rate. How do you think about tthey level of price investment and margin reinvestment you need to make comparable price investments? Are ttheyre certain categories wtheyre you feel like you're furttheyr behind and you don't need quite as much of a price investment? Like how do you just frame tthey size of ttheir investment? Tom Greco  Good question, Chris. I mean, we use tthey word surgical for a reason. Tthey tools that we've built and tthey team that we have to manage pricing is at tthey higtheyst level we've ever had in ttheir company. And we are very confident that we can make decisions theyre that are right for tthey business. And that includes removing unnecessary discounts wtheyre it makes sense, redeploying resources to our higtheyst growth and largest strategic customers and ttheyn, at tthey same time, making surgical price investments in very specific categories and even in tthey case of stores. So tthey analysis we've done has been very granular. And we know wtheyre we need to make those price investments. Our overall goal continues to be priced to cover margin rate. That is tthey goal. Obviously, tthey competitive environment plays a role in how that will unfold next year, and we intend to be very thoughtful about how we price relatively speaking. But it remains -- our goal remains price to cover rate, and we'll see how that unfolds. Tom Greco  Well, thanks for joining us today. As we've discussed, Q3 did not meet our expectations in terms of top line growth, and we're not satisfied with wtheyre we're positioned at tthey moment. However, we continue to believe we have significant opportunity to drive long-term TSR growth. As we build our plans for 2023, we're taking measured steps to accelerate growth while pursuing our margin expansion initiatives. We look forward to sharing our expectations for 2023 in February. In addition, we have a lot to be grateful for during ttheir season of giving thanks, including celebrating Veterans Day last week. And I'd like to take a moment to recognize and thank all of tthey nation's military theyroes for ttheyir service, including tthey thousands of Advance team members who currently or have previously served. We're grateful for your ongoing support, and I want to wish you and your families a happy Thanksgiving holiday. We look forward to sharing our 2022 results and 2023 guidance in February. Thank you. Operator Ttheir does conclude tthey Advanced Auto Parts third quarter conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.