Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 14, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Elisabeth Eisleben - Former Director of IR Thomas R. Greco - President and CEO Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd - Senior VP, CFO, Corporate Controller & CAO Michael Broderick - EVP of Merchandising & Operations Support Robert B. Cushing - EVP of Professional Analysts Christoptheyr Horvers - JP Morgan Chase & Co Matttheyw Fassler - Goldman Sachs  Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank  Michael Lasser - UBS Investment Bank Bret Jordan - Jefferies  Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Matttheyw McClintock - Barclays Bank Greg Melich - Moffett Nathanson Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse  Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Dan Wewer - Raymond James & Associates Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Inc. Christoptheyr Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns Inc. Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Vice President, Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter 2018 results. I am joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Bob Cushing, our Executive Vice President of Professional; and Mike Broderick, our Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Store Operations Support. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, be advised that our comments today may include statements that may be deemed forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and on our website, we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our quarterly press release and tthey accompanying financial statements issued today for additional details regarding forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures referenced in today's call. Tthey content of ttheir call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings press release and related financial statements. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Thomas R. Greco Thanks, Elisabeth and good morning. Before I begin as you read in yesterday's press release I am thrilled to announce Jeff Stheyptheyrd has been appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and I am also very excited that Reuben Slone is joining our leadership team in October as Executive Vice President, Supply Chain. I look forward to working with Jeff and Reuben in ttheyir new roles and we will provide furttheyr context on ttheyse exciting changes momentarily.  I would like to begin by recognizing tthey hard work of tthey entire AAP team as well as our network of Carquest independents, who delivered strong balanced performance in tthey quarter. We are raising our game on execution which is enabling us to win business, drive growth, and significantly narrow tthey performance gap versus tthey industry. In addition our focus on cost control and working capital enabled bottom line growth year-over-year and has substantial improvement in cash flow.  In tthey second quarter net sales increased by 2.8% to $2.3 billion and comparable sales were up 2.8%. Our adjusted operating income margin of 8.8% increased 19 basis points compared to tthey prior year quarter and our adjusted earnings per share increased 24.7% to $1.97. Our free cash flow was $382 million through tthey first six months of 2018, an increase of $237 million year-over-year more than 2.5 times.  Our cash position is at tthey higtheyst level since tthey 2014 GPI acquisition, and as a result Jeff will discuss our capital allocation plans along with more details on our financials later in tthey call. An escalated focus on execution by our AAP team members and independent partners has enabled a significant improvement in relative growth on both tthey one- and two-year stack basis and resulted in increased units per transaction and increased ticket values. In addition, following two consecutive years of particularly mild winters, we experienced tthey winter in which both temperatures and precipitation were closer to theirtorical averages.  As we indicated on our Q1 call tthey delayed start of our spring selling season hindered our sales performance in tthey latter part of tthey first quarter. Early in Q2, however, we saw increased demand across many categories which we believe will continue to positively impact AAP for tthey remainder of 2018 as our DIY business and Professional customers benefit from investments in previously delayed repairs. From a category perspective in tthey quarter we saw increased sales in brakes and batteries which grew mid single-digits. In addition we delivered a substantial improvement in engine management and undercar versus previous run rates as we leveraged long-term vendor partnerships to theylp with tthey early deployment of tthey right inventory leveraging new analytical capabilities.  Finally due to tthey delayed start to spring, we experienced strong growth in spring related categories such as maintenance, appearance ctheymicals, and optics. We saw improvement in nearly all of our geographic regions with accelerated growth performance compared to Q1 with tthey largest sequential improvements in tthey Midwest, Appalachian, Southwest, and Gulf Coast regions.  Turning to tthey bottom line, we remain disciplined in our approach to control expenses across tthey entire organization. While our adjusted SG&A cost increased on an absolute dollar basis year-over-year, I want to recognize our field operations and store team members for ttheyir ability to leverage additional customer service hours with increased sales in tthey quarter. Unlike in prior years wtheyre we struggled to reduce our costs, we leveraged ttheir large cost line in Q2 by establishing clear performance expectations, providing improved tools and training for our general managers, and tracking results daily at a granular level to manage performance. In total, our adjusted SG&A costs as a percent of sales were 35 basis points lower than tthey prior year.  As you'll theyar from Jeff on our updated expectations for tthey year, we remain optimistic on sustaining our top line momentum in Q3 and Q4. In addition as evidenced in our Q2 results our focus on cost control will theylp offset planned and unplanned theyadwinds impacting bottom line results for tthey balance of tthey year. With that said we remain committed to tthey execution of our long-term plan and have made theyadways on several initiatives. In terms of our Professional business, we continued tthey roll out of our professional e-commerce platform, Advance Pro in tthey second quarter. We've now converted all of our existing Professional Advance customers to ttheir platform atheyad of our initial plans and without disruption to our Customer Value Proposition.  We have received positive feedback from customers that ttheyy love tthey new Advance Pro platform. It's driving higtheyr conversion rates and increased average dollars per transaction across our Professional business. Our team members did a great job accelerating tthey rollout, and with faster completion we were able to sunset one system while simultaneously driving growth in our Professional business. In addition, Q2 was tthey first full quarter since tthey rollout of cross banner visibility was completed. With an entire quarter of in market accessibility we saw positive trends and higtheyr conversion rates which enabled us to say yes, and close tthey sale more often. With cross banner visibility, we expand tthey quality and breadth of assortment for customers, and I'm excited about what ttheir means for our future growth. For our DIY customers, Q2 was one of marked improvement in terms of both retail and online performance. In our stores, our emphasis on improving tthey customer value proposition is taking hold among our team members and we've seen improvement in key performance indicators. In fact, we grew units per transaction in 10 of tthey 12 weeks in Q2, which drove increased average ticket value. Ttheir enabled improvement in key categories that drive traffic like motor oil, batteries, and appearance ctheymicals. In terms of DIY omnichannel, we continue to gain momentum as visitors to our website grew significantly while sustaining our conversion rate. Ttheir means we're bringing new customers into our improved online experience and driving loyalty. Importantly we expanded our ship-to-home coverage and made notable improvements to delivery speed which is positively impacting our e-commerce growth. Across DIY broadly we're focused on providing a best in class omnichannel experience as we strengttheyn customer engagement both online and in stores. Moving to supply chain we continue to execute on strategic initiatives to streamline our end-to-end supply chain. We are confident we will achieve long-term cost reductions and efficiency and have deployed a detailed plan to optimize our distribution network. To that end as announced last quarter we have began tthey process of closing our Gallman distribution center and anticipate completing ttheir by tthey end of tthey year. Additionally we recently announced internally that we will be closing our San Antonio DC. As with Gallman, we're committed to providing our impacted San Antonio team members with assistance during ttheir transition. Consistent with Gallman, we expect to close tthey San Antonio facility by tthey end of tthey year. Tthey implementation of our supply chain transformation is critical to our success and we're pleased with our progress to date. As announced yesterday Leslie Keating will retire from Advance at tthey end of tthey year. I'm confident in tthey robust supply chain strategy that ttheyy and theyr team have built and thrilled that Reuben Slone will be taking tthey lead in a seamless transition. Ttheir plan enables us to maximize supply chain capabilities, improve customer service, reduce cost, and better leverage tthey resources and talents within Advance.  Leslie came to Advance following theyr retirement from a successful 30 year career. I am grateful for theyr leadership and expertise during ttheir important part of our transformation. Leslie joined Advance with three key objectives; lead tthey development of our end-to-end supply chain strategy, strengttheyn our supply chain leadership team, and assist in finding a world class successor. Sthey has delivered on each of ttheyse objectives and we are thankful for tthey tremendous work ttheyy's led to position us for future success. While we wish theyr tthey very best in theyr much deserved retirement, Leslie will stay on through tthey end of tthey year to ensure a seamless transition. Reuben Slone will join Advance as Executive Vice President, Supply Chain in October. Reuben is a well respected supply chain expert with a proven track record and will be responsible for supply chain operations and our procurement function. Having served on our Board since 2016, Reuben is intimately familiar with our transformation efforts. In addition their background and experience is impressive and extremely relevant to our business. He joined us from Walgreens wtheyre they served six years as Senior Vice President, Supply Chain responsible for inventory management and replenishment, imports, transportation, distribution center operations, and logistics. Importantly Reuben brings extensive omnichannel fulfillment experience. Ttheir is very exciting for us as we continue to develop best in class customer engagement capabilities with best in class fulfillment. As we prepare for Reuben's transition from our Board to our leadership team we're also pleased to announce Nigel Travis has joined our Board. Nigel recently retired after nine years as CEO of Duncan brands and currently serves at tthey Executive Chairman of Duncan. We're thrilled to add a seasoned executive to our Board who has diverse global experience. Nigel previously served in a variety of [indiscernible] and executive leadership roles and adds highly relevant experience to our Board. We really look forward to working with them. Finally we're encouraged by tthey current industry trends and outlook for overall growth going forward. We also believe that our efforts to improve and strengttheyn our business will enable us to drive market share in a strong, theyalthy industry. With tthey improved performance across tthey enterprise coupled with tthey confidence we have in our future we're taking an opportunity to return a portion of our excess cash to our shareholders by buying back our stock. In line with our strategic objectives and financial priorities our Board has approved a new $600 million share repurchase authorization.  In summary while Q2 represented anottheyr important step in tthey right direction for AAP, we're far from satisfied. We remain focused on tthey relentless execution of our strategy and are confident in our ability to capitalize on tthey substantial opportunity atheyad. Before I turn it over to Jeff Stheyptheyrd I want to take ttheir opportunity to congratulate them on their promotion and thank them for tthey tremendous job they's done over tthey past 18 months. After tthey completion of a thorough search, Jeff clearly emerged as tthey right person to take Advance to tthey next level and I could not be more excited to announce their appointment to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Jeff brings an impressive global finance background, a deep understanding of our strategic objectives, and is highly respected throughout Advance. He's been an excellent thought partner for me during tthey past few months while playing a lead role in building a talented, highly cotheysive finance team since they joined. Jeff will play a critical role in unlocking our considerable potential. With that I'll turn it over to Jeff.  Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Thanks and good morning everyone. I want to thank Tom, tthey Board and tthey entire Advance team for ttheyir support as we continue working togettheyr to fully cast tthey vast opportunities atheyad for Advance. I am honored to be part of such an impressive team of leaders and grateful for ttheir opportunity during such an exciting time in tthey company's transformation. Before I expand on our financial performance I want to congratulate all of our team members for delivering a strong quarter of improved results and thank ttheym for tthey hard work ttheyy do every day to enable our success. In tthey second quarter our adjusted gross profit was $1 billion, an increase of 2.4% from tthey prior year quarter. On a rate basis our adjusted gross profit margin of 43.7% was down slightly compared to tthey prior year quarter primarily due to both planned and unplanned supply chain expenses which in total reduced our gross margin by 35 basis points. As we've indicated previously, expenses related to tthey two new distribution centers that were opened last year raised our cost base in tthey quarter versus tthey prior year. Separately rising transportation and fuel costs exceeded our forecasted inflation for ttheyse cost lines in tthey quarter. Additionally while we have seen positive top line results from cross banner visibility ttheyre are still significant opportunities to improve operational efficiencies as we fulfill new demand with a less than optimized fulfillment model. At ttheir stage we're focused on ensuring tthey part is received in a timely manner and at times ttheir results in inefficient delivery. While we know our cost structure is not optimized we will continue to leverage cross banner visibility to drive growth and expect to deliver improved cost as a percentage of net sales over time as we improve efficiency through tthey supply chain transformation. Finally despite tthey increased sales our overall product mix was unfavorable. Our top line benefited from outperformance in engine management and under cars in addition to strengttheyned HVAC and cooling ctheymicals. However ttheyse carry a lower gross margin rate. Ttheyse theyadwinds were partially offset by improvements in material costs, inventory related expenses, and effective. Tthey combination of ttheyse factors contributed to gross margin contraction of 16 basis point in tthey quarter. Adjusted SG&A was $812 million in tthey second quarter, an increase of $14 million year-over-year. Overall as a percentage of net sales our adjusted SG&A improved by 35 basis points to 34.9%. Ttheyse improvements were driven by savings in labor and insurance expenses as we theyightened tthey focus on safety throughout tthey organization. Ttheyse benefits were partially offset by an increase in bonus compared to tthey prior year. Ttheir will continue to be a theyadwind for tthey balance of tthey year as our incentive compensation for corporate and field teams was much lower last year due to last year's performance. Of course ttheir is also an important investment as we raise tthey bar on talent and performance and expect our people to succeed and achieve ttheyir goals. In regard to adjusted operating income we delivered an adjusted operating income of $205 million in tthey second quarter, a 5% improvement versus tthey prior year. Our adjusted operating margin increased 19 basis points to 8.8% in tthey quarter. We remain steadfast in our approach to managing cash and delivering on our capital allocation priorities. Through tthey first half of 2018 our operating cash flow increased nearly $177 million to $444 million and free cash flow was $382 million compared to $145 million during tthey same period of 2017. Because of our disciplined cash management and improving payment terms our AP ratio increased to 70%. We remain committed to tthey progress on our AP ratio and we're confident we will deliver steady improvement throughout tthey balance of 2018 and beyond. In line with ttheir focus we have successfully reduced inventory year-over-year for six consecutive quarters while repositioning inventory throughout our network to enable us to say yes to tthey customer more often and increase inventory turns. With that said we remain committed to our customer value proposition and we will not take actions in a short-term that will negatively impact our customers. We continue to focus on optimizing our inventory over tthey next several years while improving tthey assortment across tthey enterprise and given we are now growing we are being thoughtful regarding our inventory plan for tthey balance of tthey year. Moving to capital investments, due to tthey timing of certain projects and fewer store openings our CAPEX spend in tthey quarter decreased to $27 million to $57 million in tthey prior year. In tthey quarter our largest investments were related to supply chain as well as IT projects. As Tom said earlier we are seeing continued improvements in underlying industry fundamentals and tthey benefits from our transformation actions are clearly beginning to take effect. We believe we are poised to improve market share and make furttheyr progress closing tthey competitive performance gap. Based on ttheyse factors along with our results in tthey first half of 2018 we're pleased to update our 2018 full year guidance increasing net sales and comparable store sales growth expectations while increasing our net sales outlook from a range of $9.1 billion to $9.4 billion to a new range of $9.3 billion to $9.5 billion. Our comparable store sales guidance is also increasing from down 2% to flat and is now expected to be flat to up 1.5%. In addition we are raising tthey low end of our adjusted operating income margin guidance from 7.3% to 7.5%. Compare it to know we're monitoring certain theyadwinds in tthey back half of tthey year which will impact margin expansion. Ttheir includes higtheyr than originally planned inflation and transportation and fuel cost. Furttheyr we're pleased with tthey positive impact cross banner visibility is having on our top line, however, we have significant opportunities to improve overall efficiency and enable better margin flow through. Ttheir optimization effort is currently underway, however, it is unlikely ttheir will yield much in tthey way a benefit in tthey back half of 2018. Finally we are reviewing our plans for new Worldpac locations in tthey second half of tthey year and see potential to increase tthey number of branctheys we will open. Year-to-date Worldpac openings have been very successful in driving top line growth. Depending on timing and tthey number added ttheyre are potential margin impacts associated with tthey start up cost required to open ttheyse branctheys. Ttheyse investments however will benefit our entire Professional network looking atheyad to 2019. But we're working diligently to minimize current and potential cost theyadwinds, we feel it is best to remain prudent in our expectations for tthey year and are ttheyrefore maintaining tthey high end of our previously provided adjusted operating income margin range at 7.8%. Additionally we're pleased with our ability to generate cash from tthey business and our overall liquidity is much stronger than it's been in years. Last week our Board approved a new $600 million share repurchase authorization. Ttheir replaces tthey authorization put in place in 2012. In line with our financial priorities and investing in our business and maintaining an investment grade rating we are targeting $100 million to $200 million in share repurchases to tthey end of 2018. Turning to tthey last two items updated in our full year guidance, we are decreasing our capital expenditure outlook to a range of $180 million to $220 million due to a combination of higtheyr level of scrutiny on every capital project as well as timing expectations of certain projects ttheir year. In terms of free cash flow we are pleased with tthey improvement in tthey first half of 2018, as a result we're increasing tthey low end of our outlook by $100 million to a minimum of $500 million for tthey full year. We're confident tthey discipline we have put in place, tthey strategic actions we have taken will enable continued growth for 2018 and beyond. With that let's open it up to addressing your questions. Operator. Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Chris Horvers from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. Christoptheyr Horvers Thanks, good morning guys and congratulations Jeff and for tthey hiring of Reuben. So a few questions, so can you talk about how DIY and tthey Pro business performed relative to each ottheyr in tthey second quarter and can you talk about how ttheyy trended sequentially versus tthey first quarter, did Pro accelerate more, did DIY accelerate more because of tthey seasonal shift? Thomas R. Greco Hey, good morning Chris. First of all, ttheyy actually performed relatively close over tthey course of tthey quarter in absolute terms. Within Pro we saw real benefit from cross banner visibility as we spoke about in our prepared remarks, so we saw a nice acceleration for Pro. And ttheyn on tthey DIY side, we actually had a greater sequential improvement from tthey first quarter some of which was that shift that we talked about on tthey Q1 call wtheyre a very soft April led to a terrific start to tthey quarter in May, particularly on tthey DIY side and very encouraged by tthey trends in DIY. In tthey stores, we're executing better, we're driving our units per transaction nicely, that is theylping our store performance, and ttheyn of course tthey online piece continues to perform very well and accelerate. So, relatively speaking, in line with each ottheyr but sequentially a greater improvement in DIY. Christoptheyr Horvers Understood and ttheyn how are you thinking about your performance relative to tthey market. You focus -- you mentioned one and two year stacks, should we think about tthey second quarter and thinking about looking at tthey stacks or should we look at tthey first half given some of ttheyse shifts, I think it's tough because I mean clearly ttheyre is an acceleration in tthey industry and execution, so just trying to get your thought ttheyre on how you're thinking about instead of tthey performance of tthey business on a stack basis? Thomas R. Greco Yeah, I think in fairness, we would probably want to look at tthey full front half of tthey year, right Chris. I mean just tthey timing shift from Q1 into Q2 but even if you look at that you'll see a nice improvement relatively speaking versus our primary competitors over tthey course of tthey last three years if you look at 2015, 2016, 2017. And ttheyn contrast that to tthey front half of ttheir year you'll see a significant improvement on a relative basis. But I think in fairness you probably want to look at tthey front half.  Christoptheyr Horvers Understood and ttheyn just one clarifying question, as you think about tthey guidance and tthey raise of tthey comp guidance for tthey year, I understand that you talked about an improving demand environment, but was essentially tthey comp raise only for tthey first half upside? Thomas R. Greco I think we have continued to see positive trends through tthey back half also so ttheyre was obviously tthey front half performance was reflected, but I think you're going to continue to see an improved demand in environment for tthey industry. We like what we are seeing. Certainly, it's been very warm ttheir summer, so we benefit from that and ttheyn from an execution standpoint I really like tthey progress that our field team is making in terms of driving improved execution and we're going to continue to stay focused on that every week. So we're encouraged by that and that's partly reflected as well. Christoptheyr Horvers Thanks, best of luck.  Thomas R. Greco Thank you. Operator Thank you and our next question comes from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.  Matttheyw Fassler Thanks so much and good morning. It would be really theylpful to try to get a sense from you as to tthey impact you think some of your self-theylp initiatives had. You spoke about improved analytics and parts availability, you spoke about tthey cross banner initiative, I know that it might be difficult to pinpoint tthey impact that it had on tthey business but while tthey industry got better you had a very nice beat relative to expectations, any sense of how ttheyy're contributing would be terrific? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Sure Matt, I think again splitting it out into ttheyir respective businesses, on tthey Professional side ttheyre's no question that tthey work that Bob Cushing has led on cross banner visibility has really theylped us. It gives our customers visibility to tthey breadth and assortment that we have across tthey enterprise as opposed to a narrower view. And we're up to 40,000 customers that we've got on Advance Pro. Ttheyy are in a great position to see all tthey parts that we have and ttheyy're ordering accordingly. So ttheyre is clearly some incremental benefit we're getting from that and that just keeps getting better each week as tthey learning curve improves on cross banner.  On tthey DIY side, for sure we're seeing progress on units per transaction, our field leaders Mike Reid and Philip Aires [ph] are driving UPT deep into tthey organization. Mike Broderick conducts tthey call each week with tthey store operations leaders to focus on what's tthey progress we are making on UPT, how are we performing against very specific initiatives. So we're seeing improvement ttheyre and I think we're up 10 of 12 weeks on UPT. Ttheyre is still a lot of room to grow that one Matt but we feel good about it. And ttheyn in terms of online we look at our visitors to our website. I think if you look at tthey most recent reports that have been out on that through June our traffic was up over 90% in June and we're amongst tthey leaders in all of retail in online visitor growth and tthey good thing about that is we have been actually been able to hold our conversion rate as our traffic has been going up. So I think some of tthey things that we're doing online are theylping as well. So those are tthey big drivers from an internal standpoint that are theylping our execution and I think ttheyy played a role in not just us rising with all tthey boats within tthey industry but by disproportionately doing so. Matttheyw Fassler Just a quick follow up on cross banner, Jeff talked about some margin offsets associated with that, it sounds like tthey net economic impact ttheir year probably is modest despite better sales, any way to size tthey margin, perhaps tthey sales impact for those and tthey margin theyadwind you'd expect from that initiative over tthey rest of tthey year?  Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yeah, what's happening ttheyre Matt I mean you think about wtheyn we launch cross banner which is really a strengttheyned engagement platform for our professional customers and we wanted to make sure we knew what tthey impact of that was going to be before we started to make wholesale changes to our fulfillment structure. And so now we've got a couple of months under our belt, we're starting to get a sense for what are tthey products that are disproportionately improving, are ttheyre assortment changes we need to be making inside of our Advance stores or Worldpac branctheys, how do we connect those end market nodes, all of those factors are being considered as we look at tthey balance of year. So we now have a couple of months under our belt and we're very focused on a much more coordinated effort with our end market nodes. So you think about tthey hub routes that we have that connect our stores to tthey hubs and tthey distribution centers, you think about tthey routed delivery network that we operate through Worldpac. What's happening now wtheyn Bob's leading a lot of its work and with Leslie at tthey moment and ultimately with Reuben but how do we optimize a new more demand really coming into us and make sure that we're doing it in tthey most efficient way possible. So that work is underway. I just don't expect it to have a huge impact on tthey back half. Matttheyw Fassler Okay, thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Baker from Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Michael Baker Thanks, a couple of questions. First on tthey comps, just using tthey midpoint of tthey guidance it looks like you're expecting a similar back half comp versus tthey front half yet you have about 150 basis point easier comparison and ttheyn you guys do look at tthey two year stack, so why wouldn't we expect an acceleration in tthey back half versus tthey front half? Thomas R. Greco Hey, good morning Mike. I think tthey thinking ttheyre is we're just early into tthey quarter. We still got a lot of time left in Q3 as a matter of fact and also Q4. So, we just don’t want to get out atheyad of ourselves. I think we really like tthey progress we're making. You're absolutely right that we had a difficult Q3 last year. We just want to make sure we are thoughtful as we look at ttheir and we are really engineering our cost structure to a level that we can deliver on all tthey key metrics that we are accountable to, so I think that's tthey point. Michael Baker Okay, that's theylpful, and one more, just on tthey margins you read out some reasons why your sales increase is atheyad of your margin increase, couple of thoughts, one, you didn't mention specifically incentive comp or bonuses in ttheyre, is that a factor precluding you from raising tthey high end of your margin guidance? And ttheyn secondly you talked about inflation being a potential negative to margins, why wouldn’t you be able to pass through cost increases I think theirtorically that's what tthey space is seeing, so why would that be a margin hit? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Well, let me let me try and give you a bit of sense for that Mike. First of all we did mention bonuses as a factor. I mean tthey bonus was a factor in tthey quarter, it will be a factor full year. So, I'll try and give you a sense for how we are thinking about tthey full year. Some of ttheyse items we called out in our prepared remarks that impacted Q2 and ttheyy will limit tthey margin expansion in tthey back half. So within supply chain which is tthey biggest one we are seeing inflation in transportation costs that are in excess of our plans. I just talked a little bit about cross banner visibility wtheyre tthey source and delivery costs are not yet optimized. We talked about product mix in our prepared remarks wtheyre we're selling more of certain products which carry a lower gross margin rate. So if you think about those factors impacting Q2 we do see -- we have carried forward a little bit of that into our balance of tthey year forecast. Ttheyre is two ottheyr items that I draw your attention to balance of year and both of ttheyse are within SG&A. First we will be investing in tthey back half in marketing to drive traffic and customer loyalty. We're really excited about a new advertising campaign that we're kicking off, it'll be in full flight in September and we expect tthey ROI in ttheir to be very positive but more to come on that. Very exciting new advertising for us, it's been a long time since we've had effective advertising in ttheir company and we want to build our brand, build customer loyalty, and drive traffic behind that campaign.  Secondly we are opening more Worldpac branctheys in tthey back half. Ttheyre are short-term startup costs associated with ttheir that are above tthey prior year. But we think both of ttheyse investments, tthey marketing and tthey Worldpac branctheys will enable us to exit 2018 and start 2019 with momentum. So those are tthey things that went into tthey back half guidance and we're excited about tthey top line momentum that we have and we want to continue that momentum into 2019 and of course we'll stay diligent on tthey cost side. Michael Baker That makes sense. One follow-up to all that if I could, a quarter ago you said gross margins would be up within your guidance, is that still tthey expectation? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yeah, for tthey year we do expect tthey gross margins to be up, yes. Michael Baker Thank you, appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS. Your line is open.  Michael Lasser Good morning, thanks a lot for taking my question and congratulations Jeff and Reuben on ttheyir new roles. One of tthey elusive factors from Advance Auto Parts model over tthey long run has been getting tthey sales and tthey margins to work togettheyr at tthey same time. We saw a little bit of that again ttheir quarter Tom, wtheyn do you think it's reasonable to expect that you can get sales gross margin, tthey SG&A leverage all work togettheyr at tthey same time? Thomas R. Greco Yeah, good morning Michael. Thanks for tthey comment. I think that we're balancing those levers very thoughtfully. We are actually in tthey middle of updating our five year strategic plan, we shared a draft of that with our Board of Directors recently. And I would say more than ever we deeply understand tthey margin differential between ourselves and that of our peers. And we're very clear on what I would describe as our addressable opportunities on tthey margin line from structural opportunities. So if you consider our year-end margin of 2017 of 7.3% and you contrast that to our primary competitors we believe somewtheyre between 60% and 70% of that absolute margin gap is in fact addressable.  So what we're doing now, my leadership team and I we are really fine tuning tthey choices we need to make in order to balance that addressable margin expansion opportunities with tthey share growth opportunity because we also have a big share growth opportunity sitting theyre with what we believe is about 7% of tthey industry market share. So how do you do that over a five year plan, how do you drive shareholder value through a combination of top line growth margin expansion and SCF [ph] improvement. And I think you should see consistent progress on ttheir from theyre on in to answer your question directly. We believe we can drive our top line, improve share performance, increase margins, and drive free cash flow throughout our five year plan and that's how we're approaching it. It's really a balance between all of those levers and we're going to continue to stay focused on doing it in a way that is sustainable. Michael Lasser Thank you and my follow up question is on how you measure your idiosyncratic improvement or what you have control over within your organization because clearly tthey industry environment ttheir quarter was much more favorable than it was last quarter particularly in tthey region that you are more levered to, so can you give us some sense of what you think tthey weattheyr catch up from tthey first quarter to tthey second quarter contributed to your second quarter results? Thomas R. Greco Yes, it is a difficult question Michael but to think that as I have mentioned earlier ttheyre's obviously an industry benefit that happened in tthey second quarter overall. But we are seeing progress on some of tthey key metrics that we look at that say we're improving our competitiveness at tthey same time. And those are all tthey infernal input metrics that we talk about wtheyttheyr that is units per transaction or online visitors or even DIY market share that we look at. So, I think ttheyre are some things that would say that our execution is driving disproportionate improvement.  Michael Lasser Great, good luck with tthey second half of tthey year. Thanks.  Thomas R. Greco Thank you.  Operator Thank you and our next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Your line is open. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning guys.  Thomas R. Greco Good morning Bret.  Bret Jordan A question on tthey leverage ratio, I guess tthey 2.9 times is still I bet implementing a share repurchase program. It sounds like you have talked to tthey rating agencies and ttheyy will let you spend a couple hundred million without getting down to 2.5 first? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yeah, we do talk up frequently with tthey rating vacancies but I'm sure ttheyy'll be publishing something. I'm not going to speak for ttheym but we feel really comfortable with wtheyre we're at in terms of our cash balance and our ability to continue to generate cash on a sustained basis Bret. So we kind of factored all that in, in-line with our cash priorities which as we've said before maintaining that investment grade rating is very important to us. We want to continue to invest and reinvest in tthey business. You can see that we have got some back half CAPEX investments were going to be taking place. And having said all that we feel like we've got tthey right level of cash, we've got tthey right discipline in place to generate cash, sufficient that we feel like we can start returning cash to shareholders. So we feel very comfortable with tthey positions that we're taking.  Bret Jordan Yeah, and I think you commented that you expected your accounts payable ratio to go up in tthey balance of tthey year. So I guess to some extent is ttheyre a target AP inventory maybe by tthey end of tthey year?  Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd We expect it to continue to go up. It went up a couple of points I think from Q1 to Q2. And I would expect a similar trajectory but to be clear Bret it's going to take some time. If tthey initiatives that we have put in place, Mike and their team as ttheyy go through tthey negotiations with our vendors and getting tthey new terms, we have to lap those old terms and those are going to take time. And as we continue to improve on top line execution that of course will theylp move tthey needle as well. But we want to do ttheir in a very disciplined manner so I would expect tthey trajectory to be very similar to first half.  Bret Jordan Okay, and tthey question I always have to ask, can you update us wtheyre we are on IT and catalog consolidation? Thomas R. Greco Sure, we're pretty excited about tthey work that Sri Donthi who is our Chief Technology Officer. He has been theyre for about three or four months Bret, is doing to really accelerate tthey work that needs to be done ttheyre. He obviously was part of tthey five year plan, tthey one page clip notes version of what they's talking about starts with tthey integration of tthey technology across all of our banners. We know we have to simplify our systems and data architecture across all of our banners. He's got significant experience with that. He's working closely with Bob Cushing, with Mike Broderick, all of tthey key constituents to construct a roadmap to get that done faster than it had been moving previously. And we feel very comfortable that we're going to get that work done. So all of that is road mapped and tthey timing of it is coming. Obviously many of ttheyse things have to be tested but Sri is going to make a big difference ttheyre for us.  Bret Jordan Okay, any targets for timing for wtheyn? Thomas R. Greco We absolutely have targets against that. We're not communicating that broadly but we're going to continue to work it.  Bret Jordan Okay, great. Thank you.  Operator Thank you. Our question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.  Simeon Gutman Thanks, good morning. Tom I wanted to ask you a somewhat of a follow up. You were talking about three to five year plan, so does tthey margin performance ttheir quarter inform you any differently about tthey potential for tthey future margin, you mentioned you understand your issues better and I think ttheir quarter was probably tthey ultimate test given tthey strain on tthey supply chain but is tthey amount that you can get bigger than what you initially thought, does it take longer because you've identified ottheyr issues that came to bear ttheir quarter? Thomas R. Greco We believe we can get to that mid teen margin Simeon over time so I mean ttheyre's nothing that has changed our perspective. I think we understand it better and we understand tthey sequencing of it, how quickly we can get ttheyre, all of those things are clearer to us now as tthey management team has got deeper into it. And again I think it's important to note that tthey construction of ttheir five year plan that we're in tthey middle of right now, everybody theyre was intimately involved in it. I think tthey first time around I've been theyre very briefly. We constructed it with a team that many of whom are not theyre anymore. So I think I think everybody's got ttheyir fingerprints on ttheir one. We know tthey key levers and tthey timing of it. We're not completed with it, we had a draft we shared with our Board over tthey last couple of weeks. And we will finalize that ttheir fall but absolutely believe we can get to that mid-teens margin over time.  Bret Jordan And will tthey sequencing, tthey timing of it be shared with tthey Street and wtheyre I am going it sounds like in tthey back half you're making some investment which sounds like tthey prudent marketing around Worldpac, etc, so I guess tthey timing of tthey sequencing versus how tthey Street is expecting it probably matters, curious if we learn about that over time? Thomas R. Greco Yeah, we expect to finalize tthey plan by tthey end of tthey year and we will provide an update on tthey timing and tthey key initiatives once we've got everything done.  Bret Jordan Okay, and ttheyn my follow up is just on product margin. You talked about inefficiencies in tthey supply chain and ttheyn mix shift just from some of tthey seasonal products. I forget if you mentioned anything about promotion discounts or tthey over ride still declining year-over-year?  Thomas R. Greco Yeah, no we feel good about tthey over ride situation, I mean I think that we have had a lot of learnings ttheyre and now we're managing that much differently than we had managed it and we look at it every week both on tthey DIY side and tthey Pro side, it's pretty small on tthey DIY side as you know. But ttheyre's no major changes ttheyre year-on-year.  Bret Jordan Okay, thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt McClintock from Barclays. Your line is open.  Matttheyw McClintock Hi, yes, good morning everyone. Tom I was wondering if I could take a different approach in terms of thinking about timing and sequencing, etc and just say it wasn't that long ago you used to tell us and you used to caution us to remember that it's still very early stages in tthey broader restructuring of tthey company, it seems now today with a new shared purpose put in place you're starting to get efficiencies out of tthey sales team and you actually have cross banner visibility that we might actually be out of tthey early stages or tthey early inning of a broader restructuring of tthey company, clearly not within a larger plan but in tthey broader restructuring, could you maybe update us on your thoughts of wtheyre tthey company is today in terms of a stable platform for executing a maybe a more traditional five year plan or more importantly I am just trying to get a sense of are we now into more of tthey fourth inning or tthey fifth inning of what you thought ttheir company could be wtheyn you joined, thanks?  Thomas R. Greco Yeah, great question Matt. I think how I would react to that, first of all I would say that I've learned in my time theyre that ttheyre's nothing more important to a successful turnaround than tthey people and tthey culture. And we spent a great deal of time in tthey past two years, how do we strengttheyn tthey talents in tthey organization, we have got a lot of great people who worked theyre for a long time that need to be developed. We had to go outside and find people that brought new capabilities to Advance wtheyttheyr that be in technology, in supply chain, in digital marketing, in many areas. And we got -- we had to build tthey bench [ph] that we had because we didn't really have much in tthey way of bench. So I think that tthey answer I get is I feel dramatically better than I did two years ago in terms of tthey people and tthey culture. Now it's early in that respect. I mean you're still -- we are still making a lot of changes to be clear. I will use tthey field organization as an example. We restructured tthey field about a year ago. We put two field leaders in place, we put 12 regional Vice President in place. I think ttheyy are now starting to get ttheyir stride. It was a it was a pretty dramatic change for that part of tthey organization. We subsequently paired up tthey supply chain field organization with that store operations organization. So, now those -- think of those as division business teams are starting to perform as much more of a cotheysive unit. I still believe ttheyre's an opportunity to tear down tthey silos that have existed theyre for a long time. I still believe ttheyre's a way for us to move faster and more efficiently. I would say we're certainly out of tthey very, very early innings. I feel much more confident in our ability to do something wtheyn we say we're going to do it now. So, I wouldn't say that everything is perfect by any stretch of tthey imagination. We have still got a lot to do but we're in a much better position than we were two years ago. So hard to put a number on it but I think we're in a bit of a different phase than we were. Matttheyw McClintock Thanks for that color and if I could have one follow up, just with Reuben coming down from tthey Board and given that they has maybe a little bit of a different backgrounds from a more traditional retailer, are ttheyre any changes in prioritization of your longer-term supply chain initiatives or is tthey message theyre that it is just more of tthey same in executing what's already in place?  Thomas R. Greco Yeah, tthey great thing ttheyre Matt is that Reuben has been intimately involved with Leslie in tthey construction of that supply chain agenda. So they knows exactly what we're doing. He's been very supportive, they has actually been a very active board member. He was a very active board member and very theylpful for me over tthey last couple of years. So they's been deeply involved. He knows tthey leadership team well. Leslie had built a very strong leadership team in tthey last few years. That was one thing that we really had as a deliverable for theyr to really strengttheyn that supply chain leadership team. Reuben has been involved with that. So, tthey key initiatives that are within tthey supply chain are going to continue. I think what Reuben brings is real strong background in tthey whole omnichannel well in fact they was very involved in tthey construction of that omnichannel strategy with Walgreen. So we are excited about them coming in. He also brings what I would describe as a general management mindset to tthey role. So I don't see any major shifts in tthey direction supply chain. I just think we will be moving faster than we have as they comes in theyre and starts to work closely with tthey rest of tthey leadership team. Matttheyw McClintock Thanks a lot, best of luck.  Thomas R. Greco Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Melich from Moffett Nathanson. Your line is open.  Greg Melich Hi, thanks, I had a couple of questions. One, if you look at tthey comp time and it's a nice improvement, was traffic actually positive or it sounds like a lot of it was sort of ticket and mix may have been theylping and units in tthey basket? Thomas R. Greco I'll split it up again Greg, on tthey Pro side both were positive, tthey transactions and average ticket. On DIY we saw a significant improvement in our store traffic. It was not positive but it was a significant improvement in our store traffic and average ticket was up and ttheyn partly theylped by UPT as I mentioned earlier of course. And ttheyn of course our online traffic I mentioned earlier was through tthey roof. Greg Melich So overall traffic was positive and with DIY a lot of tthey improvement it sounds…?  Thomas R. Greco If you put ttheym togettheyr. Greg Melich Okay, great. And was inflation a significant positive in tthey quarter?  Thomas R. Greco Not a huge factor Greg, under 1%.  Greg Melich Got it and ttheyn I am surprised we haven’t had tthey China imports question with tariffs all floating around, what percentage of your comps are directly imported from China or indirectly?  Thomas R. Greco I will kick ttheir one over to Mike Broderick, Greg. So, Mike. Michael Broderick Greg ttheir is Mike Broderick, good morning. So, from a comp perspective we don't really give out that number but at ttheir point in time everything that we're seeing from tariffs is very manageable. We're working with our suppliers to find best country to provide from. But at ttheir point down we've been able to pass it along into tthey marketplace. So it's really been not much of an issue at ttheir point in time. Greg Melich Thanks a lot, and just one last one, thanks for tthey five year plan that talk about working on that, if you think about getting to that mid teens margin Tom is more of it supply chain, it sounds like with everything you're describing that tthey bulk of it would be supply chain or am I missing something? Thomas R. Greco Ttheyre's a couple of components, supply chain is probably is tthey biggest number on tthey page. But ttheyre are three ottheyr variables in ttheyre that are opportunities for us that we can go after and we're going after all of ttheym. And it is just a question of sequencing and timing at ttheir point and balancing that with tthey share growth opportunity that we have, that's how we are thinking about it?  Greg Melich That's great, good luck guys.  Operator Thank you and our next question comes from Seth Sigman from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.  Seth Sigman Great, thank you, good morning. So can you update us on store consolidation, how many you closed in tthey quarter performance maybe as you have theyard tthey closed doors, just in general did you learn anything new about tthey opportunity, thank you?  Thomas R. Greco Hey, good morning Seth. Yeah, absolutely, really excited about what's happening ttheyre. I mean we -- I think we're at 35 on a year-to-date. Ttheyse guys will get me tthey number on tthey quarter 20 -- it was 20 in tthey quarter. Overall tthey discipline that we're seeing in closing ttheyse stores it's just -- it's hard to express how much different it is than it was. In fact we just went through some materials yesterday on some theirtorical stuff that we had done and tthey assumptions that we had in ttheyre which were quite honestly very optimistic in terms of what we could retain. And we didn't actually retain, ttheir was literally a 2014 document.  Now we've got very clear deliverables surrounding how much professional business can we retain, how much DIY business can we retain. And ttheyn ttheyre is tthey team member piece which is so important. We measure for every one of those 35 store closures what percent of each one of those dimensions are being retained. And ttheyre's accountability on tthey surrounding stores, on tthey district managers, on tthey Region Vice President, ttheyre is discipline around capturing those sales. So it's not just close tthey store and hope for tthey best, ttheyre's quite a bit of tracking and follow up on it and we're exceeding our numbers ttheyre consistently in terms of what we believe we can retain we're actually retaining more than we thought we could retain. In terms of retaining team members we are retaining tthey key team members we need to retain. And ttheyn obviously ttheyre's tthey outstanding lease obligation which I think were much tougtheyr in tthey discussions surround that with our landlord.  So all of those variables going into a store closure we make tthey decision based on a five year cash flow model and we're exceeding all of those metrics. So, we still have opportunities ttheyre. I think all of you guys in tthey call know that. We've got a lot of stores that are less than one mile apart but we don't blindly close every store that is a mile apart. We have a compretheynsive multivariate model that we use to make those decisions and we're going to continue to drive hard at optimizing our footprint. And a minute ago Greg asked about tthey variables that can theylp us improve margin, obviously one of ttheym is average sales per store. So as we optimize tthey footprint we can drive our average sales per store up and that can also theylp us with that margin gap we have with our competitors. Seth Sigman Okay, great, thank you and just my follow up question is around tthey gross margin and tthey outlook for tthey second half of tthey year, you obviously highlighted a couple of incremental theyadwinds. You did have some theyadwinds a year ago including supply chain and also trade income I believe, so can you just remind us on what you're lapping from last year, some of those buckets I mentioned and also wtheyre are you guys in terms of tthey material cost reductions as you start to lap those gains from a year ago as well? Thomas R. Greco Yeah, we did have some theyadwinds on and supply chain a year ago. I think what we are looking at ttheir year is really related to fuel and transportation. I mean I think as we mentioned in our prepared remarks I think everybody has talked about ttheir. We planned around 4%, we're seeing diesel is upwards of 20% right now, our gasoline is about mid-teens. So those are pretty big numbers for us. We also talked about mix set, that's a factor for us because as we have ttheir great warm summer we really like it, some of tthey categories that surged just carry an absolute lower margin rate. So that's also a factor that we're talking about. So wtheyn you put it all togettheyr you've got wtheyre we think ttheir thing is going to come in and we're going to continue to our best to improve on everything that we're driving at. Tthey material cost piece, we continue to drive hard at that. I think we're up to about 80% of tthey way through tthey categories now. As I think we said previously, some of tthey benefits ttheyre don't come right away, ttheyy come down tthey road because you have to be acquire tthey inventory, you have to put it in your system, ttheyn you have to sell tthey inventory just to get tthey full benefit of tthey material cost optimization. But Mike Broderick and their team are doing a really good job working with our suppliers on that journey. And ttheyn as we move into tthey next round of that we are thinking about it more as an enterprise approach because we haven't been doing that in that regard to date. It's been primarily an Advance Carquest initiative and we're broadening that across tthey enterprise going forward. Seth Sigman Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.  Scot Ciccarelli Hi guys, I know it's after 9, so 2 quickies. First, can you specifically quantify what tthey gross margin theyadwind was from tthey cross banner efforts? And ttheyn similarly, can you tell us specifically what you experienced on tthey merchandise margin front? Thanks Thomas R. Greco Yeah, I mean we're not breaking out cross banner Scot. It's not an insignificant number though so that's why we did call it out and we do believe we can get those costs out of our system. We just have to optimize those costs and we've got to get all of our supply chain teams togettheyr to make sure that we're delivering cross banner product as efficiently as possible. What was your ottheyr question, sorry.  Scot Ciccarelli On tthey merchandise margin front, you broke that out for us last quarter, I think it was 82 or 86 basis points? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yeah, overall we actually did see improvement in tthey quarter on tthey merchandise cost. A couple of dynamics ttheyre, generally what we would see in tthey past and we saw last quarter was tthey MCO savings that we just talked to you about. We continue to see that in tthey second quarter. Largely we were able to offset a lot of tthey supply chain theyadwinds that we've experienced in previous quarters and we were largely able to do that. Unfortunately it was more than offset by tthey product mix so tthey combination of tthey theyadwind of product mix and supply chain more than offset tthey savings that we normally see in MCO and that's sort of tthey dynamic that you see ttheir quarter and which is why we're calling out mix and supply chain on a go forward basis.  Scot Ciccarelli So, what that improvement have been if you were just isolated?  Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd We're not breaking that out but like I said if you were to just take mix in MCO it would have been a tailwind for us.  Scot Ciccarelli Got it, okay, thanks guys.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Dan Wewer from Raymond James. Your line is open. Dan Wewer Thanks, something besides gross margin. I wanted to ask about tthey ongoing transformation expenses. Tom I think we are what in tthey fifth year now of tthey GPC acquisition and what we rank up almost anottheyr $30 million of transformation expenses including $5 million actually in cost of goods sold. I don't think you're running that a year ago, I guess ttheyre is a lot wider cost of goods sold item for transformation expenses? And ttheyn second, how many more quarters or years of ttheyse type of charges should we expect? Jeffrey Stheyptheyrd Yeah, ttheir is Jeff. If you sort of step back and look at what we're calling transformation, we have had tthey GPI consolidation cost going after some time. Those are significantly ramping down. I think we are under $1 million for tthey second quarter and what we're doing now is really shifting towards tthey more of a transformational enterprise look. So, making sure that we're optimizing all of tthey assets and some of tthey more bigger ticket focuses such as infrastructure, IT, supply chain, those bigger investments to really make sure we can optimize tthey assets that we have in place. Specific to your question on cost of sales it's really a dynamic of tthey accounting. We had some impairments associated with tthey two distribution centers that we are closing theyre in tthey second through tthey fourth quarter. And those costs for accounting purposes have been recognized in cost of sales rattheyr than SG&A which is normally wtheyre you see those costs. So it is just a function of tthey accounting. We want to highlight that as one of tthey impairment that we normally wouldn't have if we weren't closing distribution centers and closing stores. So that's why you see tthey 5 million up ttheyre. In terms of your question of timing, tthey transformation is going to take some time and as Tom said we're going through tthey five year strategic business plan refrettheyyd. Ttheir is all part of that and it's going to continue to inform us in terms of what are tthey investments that we're going to have to make. Clearly it is going to go through tthey balance of tthey year, we've given a range of $140 million to $180 million. We're comfortable with that range for ttheir year and we're assessing it as part of our strategic business plan for tthey future.  Dan Wewer And ttheyn just real quick question on tthey San Antonio distribution center, ttheir facility closed because it became redundant after you opened tthey Houston distribution center or are we in tthey early process of unwinding from 50 distribution centers to maybe 20 someday? Thomas R. Greco It's really a function Dan of tthey end-to-end supply chain work that was done that looked across our entire network of 54 DCs and tthey decision to open Houston had already been made wtheyn we did that. So it was really looking across tthey 54 and it is really tthey latter in terms of how you ask tthey question. We are looking across our whole system, we do not need 54 distribution centers so we are gradually working through those changes and we're doing it in a way that's not disruptive. And I will say that both Gallman Mississippi and San Antonio have been executed flawlessly by our supply chain team. We've been moving tthey stores from those facilities to ottheyr distribution centers and we really like tthey outcome that we're seeing so far. So it really is part of tthey broader end-to-end supply chain strategy.  Dan Wewer Okay, great, thank you guys.  Operator Thank you, our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.  Seth Basham Thanks a lot and good morning. I had some questions around integrator replenishment and last mile delivery test in Raleigh, can you give us an update on how that is progressing and wtheyn you might be able to expand those additional market spend, that will theylpful? Thomas R. Greco Sure, yes, we are excited a bus wtheyn we started out and we are obviously trying to look for a way to really strengttheyn availability across tthey enterprise and you think about availability broadly in terms of assortment in market connectivity and execution. So ttheyre's a lot of work going on with assortment, I'll highlight a couple of things. First of all we talked about cross banner visibility but Mike and their team are also working through a transition to dynamic assortment which enables us to use artificial intelligence and machine learning tools to really assort differently and we are in tthey early stages of that Seth in terms of how we're using that with a couple of categories. I think by tthey time we get to tthey first quarter of 2019 we'll be in a real strong position to strengttheyn both tthey quality and breadth of our assortment across tthey system. So that's part of tthey solution.  In terms of end market connectivity that's one of tthey things we are testing inside tthey pilot. We're making sure that we're using all of tthey assets that Advance has inside of our market so that we can get tthey inventory we need to our customers faster than we had in tthey past. And ttheyn execution is really about tthey measurement of tthey key factors, how often are we able to say yes to tthey customer, what's our order to delivery time using our technology platforms to connect all of those things it is enabling us to really look at tthey different variables and how ttheyy can be improved. So excited about tthey pilot and we're going to continue to learn from it but we're not -- wtheyre we see things that work such as cross banner visibility we're rolling ttheym out right away to make sure that we're driving progress. And most of tthey key metrics that we measure on availability close rate or to tthey delivery time we're making progress on just through better execution. So you're going to continue to see us focus on that. Seth Basham Got it and so as start of tthey prior roll out, was some of those initiatives beyond [indiscernible] would first half 2019 be tthey target?  Thomas R. Greco Yeah, I mean we are -- a lot of tthey things that we are doing we are already doing, right. Again with cross banner visibility we have had success but we rolled it out. Tthey new Advance Professional catalogue, we have rolled out. With Sun's data system, so wtheyre we see something that works that's low risk kind of reward we just go with it. Wtheyre you're touching things that need to be validated that may have customer impact we're being more thoughtful about it. So it really depends on what specific initiative we have. Dynamic assortment is a good example. We want to make sure that wtheyn we roll ttheir and implement it in tthey stores and transition from tthey current methodology we used that we're getting a lift from it and tthey earlier turns are good but we want to continue to make sure that tthey data is clean. We've got enough data behind it. Any kind of AI tools require six to nine months of that kind of validation. So we're making sure that we're doing it thoughtfully. Seth Basham Fair enough and my follow-up question is around tthey online performance. Wtheyre are we in terms of DIY sales online percentage of total DIY sales in terms of tthey mix. And tthey key drivers of tthey improvement ttheyre in traffic and maintaining conversion, can you pinpoint ttheym as it primarily related to assortment, promotion, transportation, delivery times or anything else? Thank you. Thomas R. Greco Sure, I mean we don’t break out tthey online component of our DIY sales. I will say that tthey opportunity ttheyre for us is extraordinary both on tthey ship to home and bio-line [ph] pick up in tthey store. We see a lot of wide open turf ttheyre. I think tthey work that's been done by Yogi Jashnani and their team has really centered on broadening tthey assortment so offering more skews to our customers. In increasing tthey delivery capability I think we're up to about 12 distribution centers now, ttheyy're able to ship to home which is a significant increase from wtheyre we were and that's going to go continue to go up. So obviously as we get closer to our customers with our distribution centers we are able to get tthey part ttheyre more quickly. So you're reducing tthey amount of time it takes to get to tthey customer. I think our engagement platforms have been very, very successful in terms of how we've cleaned up our website it's a much more -- tthey user experience is much better. I think Yogi would say ttheyre's still a lot of work to do, ttheyre's still a lot of room for improvement but based on wtheyre we were I think tthey user experience online is significantly better and we can see that in tthey things that we measure ttheyre. We obviously measure visitors but we also measure social media sentiments and like to dislike ratios things like that associated with our website and all of those are going to enter in our direction. Operator Thank you and our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.  Christoptheyr Bottiglieri Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First question is on private label mix, I think Tom I think before you arrived tthey previous team disclosed 47% of COGS, can you give us a sense wtheyre that is today and wtheyre that mix every time and ttheyn is ttheyre reason to think that ttheir mix will be different than your international mix? Thomas R. Greco Sure, first of all wtheyn we look at private label mix or any mix now we look across tthey enterprise. So, I think what you may have theyard was a narrower view of that number. We are in tthey mid-30s in terms of our private label mix so I guess it is a little bit lower than maybe we had previously communicated. And Mike and their team are doing a lot of work on tthey category management side, Mike Broderick, and maybe I'll have Mike talk a little bit about how we're thinking about each category. But that in of itself was a big opportunity. What we're doing is really combining that MCO work with market share aspirations, with our pricing, with our assortment. So, Mike do you want to talk to little bit of tthey category management work you are leading.  Michael Broderick Of course, good morning Chris, Mike Broderick. So you're right, we've disclosed in tthey past I would say that from an AAPCQ we're still at that same number of high 40's, close to 50%. It is about $3.6 billion of our business. But wtheyn you look at tthey true opportunity from a private label just to give an illustration, right now we're in tthey path of actually rationalizing with Bob and Bob's team from Worldpac, we actually have right now three different private labels which were very much in tthey midst of really trying to rationalize so we get tthey best use of our inventory dollars. So that's just a good example of what we're going to do in tthey future. Obviously we're still a big brand house, we believe in our brands, we believe in our partners who have relevant brands for our professional customers as well as our DIY customers. But of course we actually have to have a private label that's recognized in tthey marketplace too which is a big opportunity that we're going to be driving for tthey next couple of years. As most of you know ttheir will take a little bit of time. Christoptheyr Bottiglieri Got you, okay. And ttheyn just as a follow up on tthey supply chain, two DCs are consolidating now, can you maybe just give us some element of understanding of tthey operational and technical process you have to undergo to close tthey DCs and as you kind of think of ttheir bigger opportunity is ttheyre kind a limitation into tthey cadence of how many DCs you can close or maybe just more broadly if you can give some overlap numbers or how are you thinking about tthey supply chain holistically will be theylpful? Thomas R. Greco Sure, I mean it's obviously a big undertaking for us. You have to do it in a way that is not disruptive. And in tthey case of Gallman, I use Gallman as an example, we had a couple of hundred stores. And you're gradually moving ttheym from that facility to Nashville and Houston respectively. So you're doing that, you don’t just kind of flip a switch. It is over several weeks. So we have a basically a close -- DC closure team that does that, that leads tthey work itself, and to make sure that ttheyy work closely with tthey merchandising team, tthey replenishment team, tthey store operations team to seamlessly move stores from Gallman in that case to Nashville or Houston and do it in a way that's invisible to tthey customer. And I can tell you that to date that has been tthey way it's worked. We've been very thoughtful about how we do it and in tthey case of Gallman we ran into a situation wtheyre we saw some -- our field rates were getting below tthey prior year so we immediately slowed down tthey stores that were being moved. So you're going to do it in a way that is invisible to tthey customers as possible and visible to tthey stores. So it's a very thoughtful process.  In terms of tthey overall cadence you're right and ttheyre's only so many you can take on in a year. We're not going to flip a switch on ttheir, it is a gradual migration. I've done it in a previous life wtheyre you've got a certain segment of tthey organization that is very focused on that change at one time and change management becomes tthey bottom act. You can't do it all at once sort of thing. So ttheyre is a limit on how many you can do. Obviously we are doing a couple in tthey front half of ttheir year and I think that's probably how you should probably think about tthey long-term. Christoptheyr Bottiglieri That's theylpful, thank you. Operator Thank you and our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Steptheyns. Your line is open.  Ben Bienvenu Hi, thanks, good morning. I wanted to ask about tthey labor side of your business, you talked about your ability to retain talent as it relates to store consolidation, I am curious to theyar about your ability to retain talent more broadly? And ttheyn as it relates to your ability to attract talent, maybe how you're going about doing that, is it communicating tthey narrative of tthey turnaround in tthey organization, is it higtheyr pay to attract talent, maybe just give us a sense of wtheyre you stand on that front? Thomas R. Greco Sure, in terms of retention we have talked Ben in tthey past about our frontline organization which is so important to our success. We're only as good as our interaction with a customer in a store right now. So those big four jobs that we have out ttheyre in tthey field, tthey general managers of our stores, tthey commercial parts Pros were so important to us on tthey counter, our district managers and our customer account managers that call on professional garages, those four jobs our turnover has dropped significantly versus wtheyre it was two years ago and we are kind of holding at tthey prior year rates. We would like it to be lower but we are -- well basically our turnover is kind of flat ttheir year year-on-year. It had been going down, down, down and now it is flat. So we feel pretty good about that and we are going to continue to focus on it. We do have a significant stock ownership program that we have for our frontline associates wtheyre we've had literally thousands of our front line leaders in those groups that have earned a stock awards at Advance and that certainly theylps us retain that talent.  In terms of attracting I got to tell you we spent a lot of time interviewing theyre. I mean I don't care what function it is, people are accountable to build bench inside ttheyir organization and ttheyn strengttheyn tthey leadership team that ttheyy have and develop tthey people who worked theyre for a long time. Both of those are very important to me, we spend a significant amount of time as a leadership team every quarter going through tthey leadership team and tthey big roles that drive value in our company. And while we have gaps we fill those gaps. So we've actually been -- ttheir is a great place to attract talent. Raleigh, North Geraldina has a terrific talent base, we're in tthey research triangle.  I mean depending on what you're talking about I think Sri and Yogi would say tthey technology talent is robust theyre at tthey same time tthey unemployment rates for technology talents are extremely low across tthey country so you have to be really be very competitive ttheyre. But, I wouldn't say that we're -- our overall approach is focused on compensation. It's a very holistic brand proposition that you have wtheyn you come theyre and ttheyre is tremendous upside I think to your point, people can understand that tthey transformation opportunity theyre is substantially larger. Tthey growth opportunity is substantially larger theyre than it is in many companies and that's really what we're anchoring on. We spend a lot of time on our brand proposition if you will to employees and we'll continue to do that.  Ben Bienvenu Thanks for tthey detail, best of luck.  Operator Thank you and I am showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd now like to turn tthey conference back over to Tom Greco for any closing remarks. Thomas R. Greco Well, once again I'd like to thank all of our team members and independent partners for ttheyir dedication each and every day to drive improvement across AAP. And thanks to everybody on tthey call ttheir morning. We appreciate your support you can count on us to be absolutely relentless in moving tthey successful transformation of Advance forward and delivering value to our shareholders. I'm very confident in tthey talented team we have in place, we will fully capitalize on tthey robust opportunities atheyad and we look forward to discussing our continued progress with you on our third quarter call in November. Thank you.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.