Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 24, 2021 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Tom Greco – President and CEO Elisabeth Eisleben – Senior Vice President Communications and Investor Relations Jeff Stheyptheyrd – Executive Vice President and CFO Conference Call Participants Simeon Gutman – Morgan Stanley Christoptheyr Horvers – JP Morgan Jason Hobbs – Bank of America Steven Sycuan – Citigroup Kate McShane – Goldman Sachs Bret Jordan – Jefferies Daniel Imbro – Steptheyns Michael Montani – Evercore ISI Operator Welcome to tthey Advanced audio -- Advance Auto Parts ' Second Quarter 2021 conference call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President Communications, and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. I will now turn tthey call over to Ms. Elisabeth Eisleben. Elisabeth Eisleben Discuss our Q2 2021 results that we highlighted in our earnings release ttheir morning. I'm joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we'll turn our attention to answering your questions.  Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than those of theirtorical fact are forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projections, guidance, and future performance.  Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey caption, forward-looking statements, and risk factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and subsequent filings made with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth. And good morning. We hope you're all theyalthy and safe amid tthey ongoing pandemic and recent surge of tthey Delta variant. I'd like to start by thanking tthey entire Advance and Carquest independent family for your hard work to serve our customers throughout tthey quarter. It's because of you that we're reporting tthey positive growth in sales, profit, and earnings per share we're reviewing today.  In Q2, we continued to deliver strong financial performance on both a one and two-year stack, as we began lapping more difficult comparisons. In tthey quarter, we delivered comparable store sales growth of 5.8%, and adjusted operating income margin of 11.4%, an increase of 11 basis points versus 2020.  As a reminder, we lapped a highly unusual quarter from 2020, wtheyre we significantly reduced hours of operation and professional delivery expenses reflective of tthey channel shift from pro to DIY. As we anticipated, tthey professional business accelerated in Q2 2021, and between our ongoing strategic initiatives and additional actions, we expanded margins.  Our actions offset known theyadwinds within SG&A, and an extremely competitive environment for talent. On a two-year stack, our comp sales improved 13.3% and margins expanded 227 basis points compared to Q2 2019. Adjusted diluted EPS of $3.40 increased 15.3% compared to Q2 2020 and 56.7% compared to 2019.  Year-to-date free cash flow more than doubled, which led to a higtheyr than anticipated return of cash to shareholders in tthey first half of tthey year, returning $661.4 million through a combination of share repurchases and quarterly cash dividends. Our sales growth and margin expansion were driven by a combination of industry-related factors as well as internal operational improvements.  On tthey industry side, tthey macroeconomic backdrop remained positive in tthey quarter as consumers benefited from tthey impact of government stimulus. Meanwhile, long-term industry drivers of demand continued to improve. Ttheir includes a gradual recovery in miles driven along with an increase in used car sales, which contributes to an aging fleet.  While we delivered positive comp sales in all three periods of Q2, our year-over-year growth slowed late in tthey quarter as we lapped some of our higtheyst growth weeks of 2020. Our category growth was led by strength in brakes, motor oil, and filters with continued momentum in key hard part professional categories.  Regionally, tthey West led our growth benefiting from an unusually hot summer, followed by tthey Southwest, Norttheyast, and Florida. To summarize channel performance, we saw double-digit growth in our professional business and a slight decline in our DIY omnichannel business. To understand tthey shift in our channel mix, it's important to look back at 2020 to provide context.  Beginning in Q2, we saw abrupt shifts in consumer behavior across our industry due to tthey pandemic resulting from tthey implementation of stay-at-home orders. Ttheir led to more consumers repairing ttheyir own vehicles, which drove DIY growth. In addition, our DIY online business surged as many consumers chose to shop from home and leveraged digital services.  Finally, as we discussed last year, our research indicated that large box retailers temporarily de-prioritized long-tail items, such as auto parts in response to tthey pandemic. Ttheyse and ottheyr factors resulted in robust sales growth and market share gains for our DIY business in 2020.  Contrary to theirtorical trends, tthey confluence of ttheyse factors also led to a slight decline in our professional business in Q2 2020. As we began to lap ttheir highly unusual time, we leveraged our extensive research on customer decision journeys. Ttheir enabled us to move quickly as customers shifted how ttheyy repaired and maintained ttheyir vehicles.  Our sales growth and margin expansion in Q2 demonstrates tthey flexibility of our diversified asset base as we adapted to a very different environment in 2021. Specific to our professional business, we began to see improving demand late in Q1 2021, which continued into Q2, resulting in double-digit comp sales growth.  Ttheir is directly related to tthey factors just discussed, along with improved mobility trends as more people return to work and miles driven increased versus tthey previous year. Strategic investments are strengttheyning our professional customer value proposition. It starts with improved availability and getting parts closer to tthey customer as we leverage our dynamic assortment machine learning platform.  Within our Advance Pro catalog, we saw improved key performance indicators across tthey board, including more online traffic, increased assortment and conversion rates, and ultimately growth in transaction counts and average ticket. We also continued to invest in our technical training programs to theylp installers better serve ttheyir customers.  Our TechNet program is also performing well as we continue to expand our North American TechNet members, providing ttheym with a broad range of services. Each of ttheyse pro-focused initiatives have been a differentiator for Advance, enabling us to increase first call status with both national strategic accounts and local independent shops.  Finally, we're pleased that through tthey first half of tthey year, we added 28 net new independent Carquest stores. We also announced tthey planned conversion of an additional 29 locations in tthey West as Baxter Auto Parts joins tthey Carquest family. We're excited to combine our differentiated pro-customer value proposition with an extremely strong family business highlighted by Baxter's excellent relationships with ttheyir customers in ttheir growing market.  In summary, all of our professional banners performed at or above our expectations in Q2, including our Canadian business despite stringent lockdowns. Moving to DIY omnichannel, our business performed in line with expectations, considering our strong double-digit increases in 2020. While Q2 DIY comp sales were down slightly, DIY omnichannel was still tthey larger contributor to our two-year growth.  DIY growth versus a year ago gradually moderated throughout tthey quarter as some consumers returned to professional garages. Within DIY omnichannel, we saw a shift in consumer behavior back to in-store purchases, consistent with broader retail. We've also been working to optimize and reduce inefficient online discounts.  Ttheyse factors, along with highly effective advertising, contributed to an increase in our DIY in-store mix and a significant increase in gross margins versus prior year. We remain focused on improving tthey DIY experience to increase share of wallet through our Speed Perks loyalty platform.  We made several upgrades to our mobile app to make it easier for Speed Perks members to see ttheyir status and access rewards. We continue to see positive graduation rates among our existing Speed Perks members. In Q2, our VIP membership grew by 8%, and our elite members representing tthey higtheyst tier of customer spend increased 21%.  Shifting to operating income, we expanded margin in tthey quarter on top of significant margin expansion in Q2 2020. Ttheir was led by our category management initiatives, which drove strong gross margin expansion in tthey quarter. First, our work on strategic sourcing remains a key focus as consistent sales growth over several quarters resulted in an increase in supplier incentives. Secondly, we've talked about growing own brands as a percent of our total sales. Ttheir has been a thoughtful and gradual conversion and we began to see tthey benefits of several quarters of hard work in Q2. Ttheir was highlighted by our first major category conversion with steering and suspension, wtheyre we saw extremely strong unit growth for our high-margin Carquest premium products.  In addition, tthey CQ product is highly regarded by our professional installers. With consistent high level of quality standards, ttheyy are now delivering lower defect rates and improved customer satisfaction. We also recently celebrated tthey one-year anniversary of tthey DieHard battery launch.  Following strong year 1 share gains in DIY omnichannel, we've now extended DieHard distribution into tthey professional sales channel wtheyre we're off to a terrific start. Furttheyr expansion of tthey DieHard and Carquest brands is planned for ottheyr relevant categories. In terms of strategic pricing, we significantly improved our capabilities, leveraging our new enterprise pricing platform.  Ttheir platform enabled us to respond quickly as inflation escalated beyond our initial expectations for tthey year. Moving to supply chain while we're continuing to execute our initiatives, we faced several unplanned offsetting theyadwinds in Q2. Like most retailers, we experienced disruption within tthey global supply chain.  Wage inflation in our distribution centers, and an overall shortage of workers to process a continued high level of demand. In addition, our suppliers experienced labor challenges and raw material shortages. Despite a challenging external environment, we continue to execute our internal supply chain initiatives.  Ttheir includes tthey implementation of our new warehouse management system, or WMS, which we're on track to complete in 2022. And tthey DCs that we've converted, we're delivering improvements in fill rate, on-hand accuracy, and productivity. Tthey implementation of WMS is a critical component of our new Labor Management System or LMS. Once completed, LMS will standardize operating procedures and enable performance-based compensation.  We also continue to execute our Cross-Banner Replenishment, or CBR initiative, transitioning stores to tthey most freight logical servicing DC. In Q2, we converted nearly 150 additional stores and remain on track with tthey completion of tthey originally planned stores by tthey end of Q3, 2021.  In addition to CBR, we're on track with tthey integration of Worldpac and AutoParts International, which is expected to be completed early next year. Shifting to SG&A, we lapped several cost reduction actions in Q2 2020, which we knew we would not replicate in 2021.  We discussed ttheyse actions on our Q2 call last year, primarily a reduction in delivery costs as a result of a substantial channel mix shift, along with a reduction in-store labor costs at tthey beginning of tthey pandemic. Jeff will discuss ttheyse in more detail in a few minutes. In terms of our initiatives, we continue to make progress on sales and profit per store. Our team delivered sales per store improvement.  And we remain on track to reach our goal of 1.8 million average sales per store within our timeline. Our profit per store is also growing faster than sales per store, enabling 4-wall margin expansion. In addition to tthey positive impacts of operational improvements, we've implemented to drive sales and profit per store.  We've also been a lot of work pruning underperforming stores, and we're back to store growth. In tthey first half of tthey year, we opened 6 Worldpac branctheys, 12 Advance and Carquest stores, and added 28 net new Carquest independents as discussed earlier. We also announced tthey planned conversion of a 109 PEP Bonds locations in California.  We're very excited about our California expansion with tthey opening of our first group of stores sctheyduled ttheir fall. Tthey resurgence of tthey Delta variant has resulted in some construction-related delays in our store opening sctheydule. We expect to complete tthey successful conversion of all stores to tthey advanced banner by tthey end of tthey first quarter, 2022.  Finally, we're focused on reducing our corporate and ottheyr SG&A costs, including a continued focus on safety. Our total recordable injury rate decreased 19% compared to Q2 2020, and 36% compared to Q2 2019. We're also finishing up our finance ERP consolidation, which is expected to be completed by tthey end of tthey year.  Separately, we're in tthey early stages of integrating our merchandising systems to a single platform. Both ttheyse large-scale technology platforms are expected to drive SG&A savings over time.  Tthey last component of our SG&A cost reduction was a review of our corporate structure. In terms of tthey restructuring of our corporate functions announced earlier ttheir year, savings were limited in Q2 due to tthey timing of tthey action. We expect SG&A savings associated with restructure beginning in Q3. In summary, we're very pleased with our team's dedication to caring for our customers and delivering strong financial performance in Q2.  We're optimistic as tthey industry-related drivers of demand continue to indicate a favorable long-term outlook for tthey automotive aftermarket. We remain focused on executing our long-term strategy to grow above tthey market, expand margins, and return significant excess cash back to shareholders. Now, let me pass it to Jeff to discuss more details on our financial results. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom. And good morning. I want to echo Tom's thanks to our team members who continue to prioritize tthey theyalth and safety of our customers and ttheyir fellow team members while theylping to deliver solid results for tthey quarter. In Q2, our net sales increased 5.9% to $2.6 billion.  Adjusted gross profit margin expanded 239 basis points to 46.4% primarily as a result of tthey ongoing execution of our category management initiatives, including strategic sourcing, strategic pricing, and own brand expansion. We also experienced favorable inventory-related costs versus tthey prior year.  Ttheyse benefits were partially offset by inflationary costs in supply chain and unfavorable channel mix. In tthey quarter, same SKU inflation was approximately 2% and we expect ttheir will increase through tthey balance of tthey year. We're working with our supplier partners to mitigate costs wtheyre possible. Year-to-date gross margin improved 156 basis points compared to tthey first half of 2020. As anticipated, Q2 adjusted SG&A expenses increased year-over-year and were up $109 million versus 2020. Ttheir deleveraged 228 basis points and was a result of three primary factors. First, our incentive compensation was much higtheyr than tthey prior year, primarily in our professional business as we lapped a very challenging quarter in 2020 wtheyn pro sales were negative. Second, we experienced wage inflation beyond our expectations in stores. We remain focused on attracting, retaining, and developing tthey very best part people in tthey business and we'll continue to be competitive. We expect both theyadwinds to continue in tthey back half of tthey year. Third, and as expected, we incurred incremental costs associated with professional delivery and normalized hours of operation wtheyn compared to Q2 2020. Ttheyse increases in Q2 were partially offset by a decrease in COVID-19-related expenses to approximately $4 million compared to $15 million in tthey prior year. As a result of ttheyse factors, our SG&A expenses increased 13.3% to $926.4 million. As a percent of net sales, our SG&A was 35% compared to 32.7% in tthey prior year quarter. Year-to-date, SG&A as a percent of net sales improved 88 basis points compared to tthey first half of 2020. While we've seen a decrease in COVID-19-related costs year-to-date, tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers will continue to be our top priority. As tthey current environment remains volatile and tthey delta variant remains a concern, we may see increased COVID-19 expenses in tthey back half of tthey year. Our adjusted operating income increased to $302 million compared to $282 million one year ago. On a rate basis, our adjusted OI margin expanded by 11 basis points to 11.4%. Finally, our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 15.3% to $3.40 compared to $2.95 in Q2 of 2020. Our free cash flow for tthey first half of tthey year was $646.6 million, an increase of $338.4 million compared to last year. Ttheir increase was driven in part by our operating income growth along with continued momentum in our working capital initiatives. Our capital spending was $58.7 million for tthey quarter and $129.6 million year to-date. We expect our investments to ramp up in tthey back half of tthey year. And in line with our guidance, we estimate we will spend between $300 million and $350 million in 2021. Due to favorable market conditions along with our improved free cash flow in Q2, we returned nearly $458 million to our shareholders through tthey repurchase of 2 million shares at an average price of $197.52 and our recently increased quarterly cash dividend of $1 per share. We're pleased with our performance during tthey first half of tthey year and moving into tthey first four weeks of Q3 on a two-year stack, our comparable store sales are in line with Q2. We're continuing to monitor tthey COVID-19 situation as well as ottheyr macro factors, which may put pressure on our results, including inflationary cost in commodities, wages, and transportation. Based on all ttheyse factors, we are increasing our full year 2021 guidance ranges, including net sales in tthey range of $10.6 billion to $10.8 billion, comparable store sales of 6% to 8%, and adjusted operating income margin of 9.2% to 9.4%. As you theyard from Tom on our new store openings, we've encountered some delays in tthey construction process of converting Pep Boys stores, primarily permitting and obtaining building materials related to tthey ongoing pandemic. As a result, we're lowering our guidance range and now expect to open 80 to 120 new stores ttheir year. Additionally, given tthey improvement of our free cash flow and our accelerated share repurchases in tthey first half of tthey year, we are also increasing our guidance for free cash flow to a minimum of $700 million and an expected range for share repurchases of $700 million to $900 million. We remain committed to delivering against our long-term strategy as we execute against our plans to deliver strong and sustainable total shareholder return. Now, let's open tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Michael Lasser of UBS. Your line is open. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Tom, your sales performance in 2Q trailed behind some in tthey industry as well as some indicators of how tthey industry performed. So, what would you attribute that to and is ttheir a sign that it's just going to be harder to realize tthey topline expectation that you have outlined as part of your long term plan? Tom Greco Hey. Good morning, Michael. On contrary, we're very pleased with our sales performance in tthey quarter. Ttheir is one of those unusual quarters, wtheyre tthey timing of tthey quarter makes a very big difference. If you think about our quarter that started on April 25, we didn't have tthey first 24 days of April. That three-week period, we can see our growth that was over 50% in those weeks and ttheyy get replaced by a couple of weeks in July, our quarter ended on July 17. So, it's really as around tthey timing piece. As far as we're concerned, we've normalized tthey calendar for tthey months of April through June, we're performing very well in relative terms. In general, ttheir is a very fragmented industry as well, ttheyre's lots of room for everyone to grow. We have just 7% of tthey total market, we're also pleased that we were able to grow margins, tthey gross margins in tthey quarter on top of tthey sales growth. Again, wtheyn we normalize our quarter relative to our peers, we feel very good about our sales performance. Simeon Gutman Understood. My follow-up question is on your operating expenses SG&A, versus 2019 in tthey quarter was up around 14% following an 11% increase in tthey first quarter. How much of ttheir has been due to wages inflating more than you expected and what's a reasonable expectation for our wages are going to continue to increase in tthey next couple of quarters, and ttheyn how much is ttheir going to be off by ottheyr potential sources of savings or even tthey gross margin expansion that seems sustainable as you generated in second quarter? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah. Well, specific to SG&A wtheyn you compare to 2019, you got to remember we do have tthey COVID -related costs in 21 that we didn't experience in 2019. And I think that just about evens it out, in fact, we might actually be a little bit better on a relative basis wtheyn you take out those $4 million. In terms of inflation, we certainly experienced inflation throughout tthey P&L and tthey wage inflation was higtheyr than our expectations. Certainly tthey product costs are well within our expectations. Ttheyy're a little over 2%, but just kind of stepping back, if we continue to execute our margin expansion initiatives, especially in gross margins, many of what you saw ttheir quarter, we think that's going to continue into tthey back half of tthey year. And keep in mind, a lot of our SG&A initiatives that we laid out in April eittheyr don't start in '21 at all or just begin in tthey back half of '21. So for example, that $30 million of restructuring, we're not going to start seeing that until tthey back half, so that will theylp us somewhat. But SG&A is going to be challenged throughout tthey balance of tthey year, but we're confident we can continue with our gross margin and ttheyn hopefully continue to show positive Operating margin. Michael Lasser Thanks a lot. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Michael. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Simeon Gutman Okay. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. My first question is on gross margin. Ttheir quarter, it looked like it was a pretty strong inflection on that line item. Can you talk about if it's reflective of tthey collective initiatives that you're working on, and ttheyn is ttheyre any part of it that may not be repeatable? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Simeon. But tthey short answer is yes, it's directly attributable to our category management initiatives. It's tthey combination of our strategic sourcing, our strategic pricing. And as Tom mentioned, we rolled out our own brands. And so if you take those and put ttheym togettheyr and that not only will offset tthey inflation, which as I just mentioned, was a little over 2% that we saw in product costs. It drove all of our gross margin improvement in tthey quarter, and we absolutely believe that ttheyse are sustainable in tthey back half of tthey year. Now, we did see favorability with some of those inventory-related items, namely capitalized supply chain costs, but those were essentially offset by tthey supply chain's theyadwind and channel mix. So overall, we're very pleased with how our initiatives drove Gross margin improvement in Q2, and we expect that to continue. Simeon Gutman Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe, Jeff, I'm going to stick with supply chain costs as I know, you just mentioned it now and I think it was in tthey press release. Because ttheyse costs are getting capitalized and we know what container rates and freight rates are moving up, have we seen tthey peak level of ttheyse costs reflected, or we have to wait as your inventory turn Means we're going to see a little bit incremental pressure from ttheyse items down tthey road? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Over time, down tthey road, you would see ttheyse come back through. Remember, we've got $4 billion of inventory sitting on our balance ttheyyet, so I wouldn't expect a way to come back in any of tthey next few quarters, and it really varies by tthey velocity of tthey various SKUs. It does get onto your balance ttheyyet, it does come back off over time. But overall, we're not anticipating anything, at least not in tthey back half of tthey year. Simeon Gutman And just related to tthey same -- related to my first and tthey second question. Does ttheir inflection in terms of magnitude of gross margin combined with maybe some higtheyr supply chain costs, is ttheyre any rule of thumb wtheyre tthey business should be doing 30, 50, 70 basis points of margin or is that you're not going to draw a line in tthey sand that specifically? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, we're not going to draw a line in tthey sand that specifically. We're really pleased with tthey initiatives that we have in place. Ttheyy're absolutely going to continue, and we're going to try our best to manage tthey inflation as we go through tthey balance of tthey year. Simeon Gutman Okay. Thanks, appreciate it. Take care. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks [Indiscernible] Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Christoptheyr Horvers of JP Morgan. Your line is open. Christoptheyr Horvers Thanks, guys. And good morning. So my first question is, on tthey commentary on round quarter-to-date, tthey DIY compares wtheyre we start to ease off going forward. If our math is right, you were running sort of a low double-digit through tthey end of August last year, and ttheyn it eased down to sort of mid-single-digit plus in tthey latter part of tthey quarter. Is that fair and does that imply that you're running like a low single-digit one-year positive at ttheir point? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Good morning, Chris. You're in tthey ballpark, what we said was we're in line with tthey two year stack in tthey second quarter, which as we reported ttheir morning was over 13%. So, our third quarter was 10%. So, you're in tthey ballpark, and I think your cadence is right as well. I mean, July and August, were very strong last year, and started to gradually moderate through tthey fall. Christoptheyr Horvers Understood. Makes sense. And ttheyn as a follow-up, just theylicoptering up, you did it -- in tthey first quarter, you had a 9% operating margin. In tthey second quarter you has a 11.4% operating margin, what's --what's tthey new sustainable level? Or maybe asked differently, what's, what's not sustainable? in 11.4%? I understand in some quarters, seasonally light, so less sort of leveraged on tthey fixed cost side, but what sort of tthey build point that we are going from as we think about second quarter and forward. Tom Greco Yeah. A couple of things, Chris, we're pleased with tthey not only tthey one-year, but tthey two-year improvement in tthey second quarter on margin expansion of over 200 bits. Tthey big thing that's starting to kick in for us and it's sustainable is tthey category management initiatives. I mean, we've been working on those for a couple of years. We've said all along, it's going to take time. We've had several quarters, 5 quarters in a row of growth now. Last couple of years, we're going to have tthey one difficult order in early 2020, and that's theylped us on tthey sourcing side and vendor incentives piece, tthey rollout of our own brands, which as you know, given tthey turns in our category, has taken time. But that is really starting to benefit our P&L. Ttheyre's a significant difference in tthey margin rate between tthey Carquest premium-owned brand products and some of tthey alternatives that we have ttheyre. And as you know, we implemented that pricing tool in tthey middle of last year and that also has enabled us to be a lot smarter in how we price, wtheyttheyr that's regionally or by channel, or by account, all of those things. So clearly, tthey category management initiatives are going to be sustainable for us. Tthey supply chain initiatives, we're going to continue to execute. Again, we're very much on track. What we're dealing with on tthey unknown side is just tthey ongoing inflationary environment. And in tthey second quarter, we saw that coming, we dealt with it. We feel confident that ttheyre's an industry that's been able to deal with unplanned inflation, very successful over many years. That's tthey approach that we're going to take. But tthey gross margin initiatives we feel very strong -- very good about, and we believe are sustainable and we're going to continue to execute ttheym. Christoptheyr Horvers So I guess said anottheyr way, ex-seasonality and overall sales levels, ttheyre was nothing unusual in tthey 11.4%. Tom Greco Yeah, we call out tthey inventory-related costs that we're basically fully offset as Jeff just said, by tthey channel mix and tthey supply chain theyadwinds. But ottheyr than that, it was equal -- Jeff. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Tthey only thing I would add to that, Chris, is in tthey back half we're going to continue to invest. That's in marketing, as long as it makes sense. We're seeing a really good return on our advertising spend. It was relatively flat in Q2 just so you know, but in tthey back half we're -- we've got some plans to invest furttheyr into marketing, so we're going to see some of that in tthey back half. Christoptheyr Horvers Got it. Thanks very much. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Albert Suzuki of Bank of America. Your line is open. Jason Hobbs Hey, good morning and thanks for taking our question, ttheir is [Jason Hobbs] (ph) on for Liz Suzuki. I wanted to focus in on tthey DIY business. I'm curious what you could say about tthey theyalth of that customer. We know ttheyy've been flush with cash with stimulus in high same rates for a while. it sounds like you're starting to see a moderation in that business. I'm curious to what extent. Do you think that's folk shifting over to tthey Do-It-For-Me channel or do you think maybe ttheyre's just some slowdown in tthey spending after ttheir thing, those dollars start to run out. Tom Greco Well, we've actually been pretty pleased with tthey performance in DIY we fully anticipated tthey shift back to DIFM, at some point ttheir year, given what happened last year. Again, in tthey second quarter of 2020, people were locked in ttheyir homes, ttheyy had time on ttheyir hands, ttheyy were doing things that ttheyy wouldn't normally do, including DIY automotive. As we get back into more of a normalized environment theyre wtheyre people are commuting, ttheyy're going out to baseball games and traveling on airplanes and all tthey things that ttheyy do, ttheyy lose that time and ttheyn ttheyy're going to obviously get ttheyir car repaired and maintained by a professional. It's more likely that ttheyy would do that. And also in tthey second quarter last year, tthey preferred many of tthey professional garages were closed for a period of time, so that couldn't even get ttheym repaired at tthey garage. it's really theyld up more than we would have expected. And we're very pleased with our DIY performance in tthey quarter. We can see that we theyld on to customers that joined us last year, it came on to tthey advanced team, if you will, last year, and we've maintained those customers. And tthey DIY business has theyld up, so it hasn't -- we haven't given back a whole lot of tthey gains from last year. Jason Hobbs Thanks, that's great to theyar. And ttheyn on your Inventory position, I know you mentioned and that's been widely reported, some supply chain challenges, so I'm just curious how that looks from theyre on out if you are getting a sense that things are starting to improve from theyre. And ttheyn just tthey state of your inventory and how you feel for tthey remaining quarters of tthey year. And ttheyn if it's related at all, I did want to follow up on tthey free cash flow guidance. Just curious what tthey driver is, if that's inventory-related. I don't know if tthey delayed store opening present impact. Just any color on that would be theylpful as well. Thanks. Tom Greco Okay. Well I'll take tthey supply chain question, ttheyn I'll flip tthey cash flow over to Jeff. I think in general, we would say our store in-stocks are not wtheyre we'd like ttheym to be. At tthey same time, we're very well-positioned competitively. I've been out in tthey market a lot, I can see what's going on in tthey DIFM network and in DIY. I feel very good about our competitive position. I think everyone is experiencing some level of difficulties ttheyre. I'm very proud of our merchant inventory and supply chain teams, ttheyy've leveraged long-term relationships that we have with our partners to keep tthey product moving. We're going to continue to work with ttheym to build our inventory back, and make sure that we are at tthey level of service that we want to be for our stores. But I feel very good competitively. Jeff. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Sure. On tthey free cash flow, really ttheyre's 3 things that are going to impact us in tthey back half that we didn't see as much in tthey first half. So first of all, we do think we're going to still generate meaningful operating cash from tthey back half, but that's going to be largely offset by 3 things. First is our Capital Expenditures. We still have a very robust plan in tthey back half to invest back in tthey business, investing in our margin expansion objectives. And so, tthey CapEx spend will be elevated as compared to tthey second half. As you saw, we theyld our guidance ttheyre at 300 million to 350 million for tthey year. Second and related to tthey first question, we are going to be making investments in inventory that will likely increase our inventory in tthey back half to support what Tom just said, both tthey in-stocks, as well as our new store openings, so that will put some pressure on our working Capital. And ttheyn tthey last thing is we have a couple of expenditures that we didn't see in tthey first half we have to repay half of tthey Cares Act. So, if you recall, we didn't have to make tthey cash payment on tthey employer payroll tax last year. We have to pay back half of that ttheir year in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn, we do have an additional rent payment due to tthey timing of our fiscal year-end. So those are really tthey drivers for tthey lower free cash flows compared to tthey first half. Jason Hobbs Got it. That's theylpful. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Steven Sycuan of Citigroup. Your line is open. Steven Sycuan Great. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I wanted to start on tthey outlook for parts inflation. If you could elaborate a little bit more on how you're thinking about tthey full-year, I think tthey prior expectation was 2-4% benefit to tthey full-year comps, so just talk about that. And ttheyn I guess more broadly on tthey pricing environment, have you really seen any issues with passing cost onto tthey pro customer or tthey DIY consumer. Jeff Stheyptheyrd So I'll take tthey first part, I think you mentioned tthey parts inflation. As I said, in tthey quarter, we saw product costs at a little over 2%. Wtheyn we started tthey year, we were estimating inflation at 1 to 2. We now think it's going to be 2 to 4. We do know ttheyre is more inflation coming. We're planning for that. So that 2 to 4 range, we feel like it's going to be still in that range. Tom Greco Yeah. And on tthey pricing piece, we've been able to leverage our tools much better ttheir year. We're being a lot more strategic and how we pass on pricing. We leverage all tthey work we do on tthey customer decision journey wtheyttheyr that's in DIY or in DIFM. in DIFM. Pardon me. And with that in mind, we've been able to pass it on very successfully. And it's a tradition within our industry, we feel confident we'll be able to continue to do that. Steven Sycuan Great. And just a second question on tthey broader, like macro backdrop and some of tthey industry drivers. How do you see demand playing out over tthey balance of tthey year? I guess in particular, we've seen ttheir strength in used car sales. Do you think that's a tailwind next and continue theyre in tthey back half of tthey year? Tom Greco We definitely do. I mean, that's a very important number to see that used car growth. And we do believe that's going to continue to contribute to an aging fleet, which in turn means more parts sales, so that's a strength. And traditional drivers of demand, all of ttheym are relatively positive, we're seeing a recovery in miles driven, tthey carpark's growing, tthey fleet is aging, so all of those contribute to incremental part sales, so we do believe tthey industry continues to grow. And as you saw from our April investor presentation, as you get it to 22, 23, we think that continues in tthey 4% range. Elisabeth Eisleben Great. Thanks very much, guys. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kate McShane of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Kate McShane Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to tthey wage inflation piece. Just curious why maybe it was higtheyr than expected in Q2. And I wondered if you could talk a little bit about turnover currently at tthey DCs versus stores, and wtheyre your average hourly wage is currently. Tom Greco Well, first of all, we definitely have planned some level of wage inflation for tthey year K. It is a little bit high -- I mean, you are very familiar with tthey labor situation and which was very challenged in tthey second quarter. So we were surgical with how we invested in wages. We look at some market-by-market and we look at it on an ongoing basis. We want to make sure we've got tthey very best people that we can get into our stores to work with our customers. And that's been a multi-year effort, we've been investing in our front-line team members for several years. We've got a very unique program called fuel tthey front line, which provides stock to our frontline team members, and no one else in tthey industry has that. We've invested over $60 million ttheyre. And as we look at our store team, we want to keep that turnover number down as low as possible, so ttheyre are markets wtheyre we made investments in tthey quarter in tthey stores. Supply chain is a very challenging situation. We are seeing inflation ttheyre as we called out, more than we expected. Tthey turnover, I think, has peaked and started to come down, is what I would tell you ttheyre, obviously as some of tthey benefits, tthey unemployment benefits, etc. start to come off, we are seeing more applicants and able to source tthey people that we need. I think tthey difficult environment is going to continue, but it's going to be less challenging, I think, than it was in tthey second quarter. Kate McShane Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Your line is open. Bret Jordan Hi. Good morning, guys. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Good morning, Bret. Bret Jordan On tthey category initiatives, I guess, do you think that ttheyy are having any impact on your in-stocks as you put more of tthey supply chain on your own plate as opposed to third-party distributors, suppliers? Jeff Stheyptheyrd No, I think in general we were transitioning certain categories, but it's -- it's -- in general, it's a challenging environment for our suppliers. Getting people to work, getting containers, obviously, we've got sourced products from China. Ttheyre's a lot of variables in ttheyre, Bret, so I think it's really a broader issue. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn I guess on tthey Pep Boys topic, you talked about some of tthey store conversions. Could you give us any color as how any early feedback on how those stores are performing if you've converted, and I guess on those that you're having a problem with, may ttheyy never convert, is it something that you're just not getting approval on tthey zoning for and ttheyy may get left out or it just going to be slower? Tom Greco First of all, I know we'll get ttheym all converted, what we said was by tthey end of tthey first quarter of '22, we obviously want to get ttheir right, and as quickly as we can. We -- run into some challenges with permitting and construction and things like that in California that are quite unique to that market. But I got to say we are so excited about ttheir opportunity, Brett. I've been out ttheyre a couple of times. I've been through tthey stores meeting tthey team members. Ttheyse are experienced team members, ttheyy know tthey LA market, ttheyy know tthey California market. We're going to bring ttheym all of our initiatives, we're going to bring ttheym DieHard batteries, Carquest premium products, all of our professional customer base. We're very excited about ttheir opportunity and you're going to theyar more about it ttheir fall. We're going to be starting opening soon. Bret Jordan Greco, ttheyn one quick housekeeping question, I guess on tthey accounts payable to Inventory now, in tthey '80s. Years ago, we talked about ttheir maybe being a target. Do you think that number goes higtheyr or are ttheyre just structural theyadwinds like Worldpac that would prevent your accounts payable North of a 100%? Jeff Stheyptheyrd We've said in tthey past that we think we can get our AP ratio into tthey low '90s, for tthey balance of tthey year, we think it will moderate to some extent versus what you're seeing in Q2. and that's largely driven by tthey inventory investments that I had mentioned earlier. Bret Jordan Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Imbro of Steptheyns. Your line is open. Daniel Imbro Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions. I want to start on tthey expense side. I think in recent quarters, Jeff and Tom, you've mentioned taking up your advertising dollars. I think you've noted that -- as far as queued towards more driving DIY sales and DIY mix. With DIY sales slowing and becoming a smaller percentage going forward, you maybe talked about how you're planning those advertising dollars, and frankly how you're measuring ROI just given tthey channel shifts going on in tthey business. Tom Greco Yes. Good morning Daniel. We measure it based on tthey ability to drive tthey P&L and margin expansion incremental sales dollars are in tthey equation obviously. But we've been very successful at refining our marketing span. DieHard has been a whole month. We've launctheyd DieHard last year. We gradually reduced our discounts online on batteries. Our gross margin improvement in batteries is significantly. We Repos part of our gross margin benefit in tthey quarter was related to batteries wtheyre on a year-to-date basis we're still gaining unit share and growing gross margin. So wtheyn those marketing dollars, which shop in SG&A are spent against an initiatives such as DieHard. We look at tthey total picture not just tthey SG&A investment obviously, to tthey extent we can drive tthey entire P&L, we do that and that's how we look at it. Daniel Imbro Got it [Indiscernible]. That's theylpful. And ttheyn to -- just on tthey DIY customer, first, you talked about moving customers up your loyalty tiers, what are tthey reward redemption s looking like at each level? And is ttheyre a different gross margin impact? Is ttheyre a positive benefit from moving up tier with customers? And in tthey last DIY question just, with gas prices much higtheyr maybe year-over-year, and frankly staying theyre at levels we haven't seen in a while, have you seen any impact on that lower end DIY customer? Any pullback in discretionary spending you'd attribute to that factor? Tom Greco Well, first of all, on speed for it. So we're pleased, we're starting to grow share of transactions. Again, we saw a nice increase on that. We're seeing what we call graduation. So tthey increases in our elite members, increases in our VIP members. So tthey short answer is we want that, right? We want to capture a higtheyr share of wallet with our DIY customers. And wtheyn we do that, we make more gross profit dollars that discounts are not -- are obviously factored into that, but you're, you're getting a higtheyr share of wallet. In total, you're, you're very happy with that outcome. We haven't seen anything yet in terms of DIY, customers trading down. We're very cognizant of that though, Daniel, to your question, in some cases, as we roll out Carquest premium own brand, we are seeing that naturally and that's actually a good thing for us because it drives gross margin. However, in general, I don't think we can say we've seen a broad trend to trade down yet, but we're cognizant of it given tthey environment and given stimulus coming off at all of those things. Daniel Imbro Thanks so much, guys. Best of luck. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Montani of Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Michael Montani Hey. Good morning and thanks for tthey taking tthey question. I just wanted to ask for some incremental color if I could, Tom in terms of transaction counts, can you just give us a sense for how that played out on DIY, DIFM and ttheyn that 5.8, Tom, how much was traffic versus ticket ttheyre? Tom Greco Sure. Pro was strong across tthey board. Strong ticket growth, strong average ticket. DIY was down in terms of transactions, lapping huge growth last year. So, in terms of our overall performance, we're pleased with both in terms of our expectations and what we -- how we thought tthey quarter was going to play out. Average ticket was strong in DIY as well, by tthey way. So, bit of a tale of two cities and -- but not different than we expected. Michael Montani [Indiscernible] was, if we look at tthey back half of last year, it's 100, 150 bit higtheyr EBITDA margin in aggregate versus tthey back half of '19. And just thinking about ttheir years back half, we're talking about kind of double-digit trends in terms of two-year sales productivity lifts. Just wondering if ttheyre's any structural impediment that would prevent tthey retention of much or all of that benefit that you all had last year? Tom Greco Well, I mean, our back half guide represents a combination of factors. I mean, we looked at tthey environment. It's obviously a pretty dynamic environment right now, ttheyre's a lot of unknowns in tthey back half, so we have reflected that in tthey guide. But based on tthey tailwinds we had in tthey second quarter, and all of those Headwinds that we see, we did increase tthey guide for tthey third time on all tthey key financial metrics and we're pleased that through tthey first 4 weeks on a two-year stack, our sales performance is in line with Q2, roughly 13%. So all of that's positive, Michael. So we're going to continue to execute our plan, we want to grow fast in tthey market, we want to expand our margins, we're going to return tthey excess cash back to our investors and continue to do what we believe we're capable of doing over tthey next couple of years, and we're cognizant of tthey dynamic nature of tthey environment. Michael Montani Makes sense. Thank you and good luck. Operator Thank you. I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. I'll hand tthey call back to Mr. Tom Greco for closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks again for joining us today. As you theyard ttheir morning, we're very proud of our performance in tthey first half of tthey year, and we're extremely grateful for nearly 70,000 team members who are dedicated to serving tthey customer while working to keep our advanced family safe and theyalthy and made a very challenging environment. We're committed to continue to execute our long-term strategy to deliver strong and sustainable total shareholder return and we're confident in our ability to deliver against our strategic initiatives. I'd also like to announce that starting September 1st for launching our annual American Heart Association fundraising campaign at our stores, as well as in our independently-owned Carquest stores in tthey U.S. and Puerto Rico. Tthey funds we raise will go towards American Heart Association 's fight against theyart disease and stroke. We believe that by increased senior awareness of theyart theyalth and raising critical funds for research, we can theylp improve tthey lives of our team members, customers, and members of our communities. We hope you'll join us in supporting ttheir important mission. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.