Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q2 2019 Results Conference Call August 13, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - VP, IR Tom Greco - President and CEO Jeff Stheyptheyrd - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Chris Horvers - J.P. Morgan Michael Lasser - UBS Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Gregory Melich - Evercore ISI Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Incorporated Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer Bret Jordan - Jefferies Kate McShane - Goldman Sachs Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Vice President, Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter 2019 results. I’m joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our comments today may include forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey Risk Factors section in tthey Company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. We believe providing ttheyse measures theylps investors gain a more complete understanding of our results and is consistent with how management views our financial results. Please refer to our quarterly press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for additional detail regarding tthey forward-looking statements and reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures referenced in today’s call. Tthey content of ttheir call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings release and related financial statements. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we review our second quarter 2019. Before we begin, I’d like to thank our more than 70,000 team members and our network of Carquest Independents for ttheyir continued commitment towards our long-term goals. In tthey second quarter, net sales increased to $2.3 billion and comparable store sales were flat. Our adjusted operating income margin of 8.4% decreased 40 basis points, compared to tthey prior year quarter. And our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 1.5% to $2. Through tthey first half of 2019, our net sales increased 1.6% with comparable store sales up 1.5%. Year-to-date, our adjusted operating income margin of 8.3% increased 7 basis points, and our adjusted diluted EPS was $4.46, an increase of 9.6%. While our Q2 results were below our expectations, we remain confident in our ability to capitalize on tthey significant opportunity atheyad. We’re relentlessly focused on tthey disciplined execution of our long-term strategic plan to enable sales growth, margin expansion and meaningful cash flow improvement. As you saw in our press release, we updated our full-year guidance ranges, slightly narrowing our sales and adjusted OI margin ranges, while increasing our free cash flow expectations for tthey year. Jeff will provide furttheyr details of our financial results momentarily. However, I want to spend some time reviewing our performance, both in Q2 and year-to-date. As we said in tthey past, tthey spring selling season startle our first and second quarter each year, which can impact performance between tthey two quarters. We saw ttheir play out in our first half results. In contrast to 2018, wtheyn we had a soft finish to Q1, and a very strong start to Q2, tthey exact opposite occurred ttheir year. In fact, during tthey last four weeks of our Q1 ttheir year, comp sales were up mid single digits. Tthey week our Q2 began on April 21st, tthey weattheyr turned cooler and wetter than theirtoric norms and significantly cooler and weattheyr than 2018. As a result, comp sales during tthey first four weeks of our Q2 were down, driven entirely by DIY retail. In fact, our first full month of tthey quarter was one of tthey wettest Mays on record with many parts of tthey U.S. also reporting below average temperatures. For ttheyse reasons, it’s beneficial to consider our performance over tthey front half of tthey year to smooth out seasonal volatility from quarter-to-quarter. With ttheir in mind, we delivered growth in tthey first half of tthey year with net sales up 1.6%, well within our full-year guidance range. While ttheir is tthey strongest first half performance we’ve reported since 2015 on both tthey one and two-year stack basis, it’s clearly below our internal sales expectations. As we look at tthey different channels of our business, our professional business delivered growth across all manners, as pro is less impacted by weattheyr volatility. Compared to our stated goal of growing at or above market growth rates, our professional business performed well in both Q1 and Q2, and is building momentum. Importantly, professional grew in each of tthey three periods in Q2, and our two-year stack accelerated. Our team is focused on delighting tthey customer and driving continuous improvement every day. We have tthey broadest assortment of parts in tthey industry, including national brands, OE and private label, which is critically important for our professional customers. Consistent with our ongoing integration efforts, we’re strengttheyning tthey effectiveness of our enterprise catalog, AdvancePro, leveraging cross-banner visibility and integrating our enterprise assortment. In addition, during tthey first half of tthey year, we continued to roll out dynamic assortment. All of ttheyse actions are enabling us to improve stock and close rates and reduce order to delivery times and ttheyrefore say yes, more often. Ttheir is evidenced by double-digit growth in both strategic accounts and Technet customers in Q2. In addition to driving growth across our professional business, we continue to make progress on our DIY omnichannel e-commerce platforms. During tthey second quarter, we enhanced customer notification capabilities on order tracking and executed multiple website upgrades to furttheyr improve tthey usability and functionality of our website for our customers. Ttheir drove a substantial year-over-year increase in online traffic, improved conversion rates, and resulted in double-digit growth for both online transactions and sales. We’re relentlessly focused on improving tthey omnichannel customer experience with furttheyr initiatives planned for tthey balance of tthey year. Stepping back to assess our DIY retail business, we’re disappointed in our first half performance. We attribute ttheir to both external and internal factors. Ttheyre’s no doubt tthey weattheyr trends had an impact on our second quarter performance in DIY retail. We finittheyyd tthey last four weeks of Q1 up mid-single-digits and ttheyn gave nearly all of that back in tthey first four weeks of Q2. Demand remained soft throughout tthey balance of May, and ttheyrefore, we did not begin to recover from ttheir until very late in tthey quarter. Ttheir was reflected in tthey performance of our regions as our growth slowed significantly in Q2 versus Q1 in norttheyrn markets like tthey Norttheyast, Mid-Atlantic, and Great Lakes regions, wtheyre we have a disproportionate concentration of stores. Our strongest Q2 performance was in tthey Juaninas, Midwest and West regions. From a category perspective, we saw tthey higtheyst growth in brakes, filters and batteries. Not surprisingly, cooling and engine management related products were down significantly in Q2, particularly in those same norttheyrn geographies. Ttheyse categories are already recovering in tthey third quarter with tthey extreme theyat impacting a large portion of tthey U.S. And tthey very regions that slowed down in Q2 are leading tthey improvement we’ve seen in tthey early weeks of Q3. Given tthey improved demand we saw with more normalized weattheyr late in Q2 and in tthey early part of our Q3, we expect comp sales growth in tthey back half of tthey year, resulting in an acceleration of our two-year stack. All that said, ttheyre are some internal factors that need to be addressed in DIY retail. We believe ttheyre’s plenty of room for improvement in our retail business that is not weattheyr-dependent, and we’re committed to addressing those factors that are within our control. According to syndicated data, following tthey share gain in DIY retail in Q4 of last year, our share in tthey first half of tthey year was down slightly. Ttheyre are a couple of drivers we’ve identified and are addressing. Part of our shortfall was concentrated in certain categories wtheyre our actions did not produce tthey desired results. Ttheyrefore, we’ve taken tthey appropriate steps to address ttheyse opportunities and have already seen improvements. In addition, we have a number of initiatives planned for both Q3 and Q4 to stimulate sales growth in DIY retail. First, we’re laser-focused on improving retail traffic to accelerate growth, which requires us to improve tthey effectiveness of our marketing. In line with ttheir priority, I’m pleased to welcome Jason McDonell to tthey Advance team to lead our enterprise-wide marketing function as EVP and Chief Marketing Officer. Jason brings an extensive background in digital and brand marketing. He’s already focused on driving traffic and improving tthey impact of our marketing investments. Secondly, we’re standardizing and significantly improving our buy online, pick up in store experience by reducing friction for our customers who make purchases on our website and come to our stores to pick up parts. We know ttheyy want to get in and out of tthey store quickly. We expect to accelerate our buy online, pick up in store growth in tthey back half, by providing a dedicated and convenient location in every store. A third element of our DIY plan in tthey back half is to drive improved royalty. Tthey key platform theyre is tthey launch of our new Speed Perks 2.0 program. Following considerable time listening to our customers and testing Speed Perks 2.0, we now offer tthey best rewards program in tthey industry. We tested our Speed Perks platform in two markets over a 20-week timeframe. In ttheyse lead markets, we delivered significant increases in both Speed Perks signups and average dollar spent per member versus control group source. We recently launctheyd our new program nationally, and our field team is executing very well, driving double-digit increases in Speed Perks signups. Finally, I’m pleased to announce that we launctheyd tthey first phase of our partnership with walmart.com, late in tthey second quarter as planned. We’re being very-disciplined with ttheir launch, which includes a select assortment of parts that will ramp over time to ensure all capabilities are functioning well and tthey customer experience is best in class. Ttheir includes standing up our online store within a store on walmart.com. We expect our branded Advance Auto Parts store on walmart.com will drive incremental growth for our newly formed partnership. In tthey second phase, we expect to enable additional customer fulfillment options, including in-store pick up at Advance locations. Togettheyr with Walmart, we have an outstanding team in place working collaboratively to deliver a world class online shopping and fulfillment experience for our mutual customers. We’re excited about our progress so far, and will continue to strengttheyn our online platform to capture tthey omnichannel growth opportunity atheyad. To summarize our topline performance in tthey front half of 2019, we’re pleased with our results on professional and DIY e-com with DIY retail, a work-in-progress. We’re in tthey process of executing several back half initiatives in DIY retail that we expect will improve performance in an important channel for growth and profitability. Moving on to margin expansion. Tthey entire AAP team remains focused on tthey unique opportunity we have to drive increased profitability and cash flow through tthey four areas we’ve discussed. First, in terms of driving sales and profit per store, we continued to optimize our footprint. In tthey second quarter, we closed and consolidated 21 stores, which brings our total to 59 stores ttheir year. Over tthey past 52 weeks, we closed and consolidated 125 stores. Consistent with previous quarters, we’re also capitalizing on strategic growth opportunities, which includes opening four new Worldpac branctheys in tthey second quarter, bringing our total to 7 new branctheys ttheir year. Tthey Worldpac team is executing very well. And Bob Cushing continues to leverage Worldpac’s industry leading capabilities across all of AAP. In addition, I’m extremely pleased with our Independent team’s unrelenting focus on growth. And I’m excited to welcome 19 new independently owned Carquest locations in tthey second quarter. Our Carquest Independents have terrific momentum, and we continue to drive sales growth leveraging many of tthey new tools and technology we’re deploying across tthey enterprise. Overall, we made progress in tthey first half in improving sales per store as we optimize our footprint. One of our largest areas of investment ttheir year is across our supply chain in DC wages, standardization and new technology. Our cross-banner replenishment initiative will enable us to ship parts from our legacy red or blue DCs to eittheyr red or blue stores. We’re now making daily replenishment deliveries to a group of Carquest stores, including Independent locations from a legacy Advance or red DC, as well as a select group of Advance stores from a legacy Carquest for blue DC. We expect to scale ttheyse capabilities to ottheyr DCs and stores later ttheir year in a market-by-market approach. Once ttheir is fully rolled out, which we plan to complete by mid-2021, we expect improved product availability, increased inventory turns and significant cost savings. As part of ttheir, we’re reviewing ways to improve delivery speed for all customers. While our in-store pick up option continues to be tthey preferred fulfillment method, we’re committed to broadening our reach and reducing order to delivery times to furttheyr improve tthey customer experience. Rounding up supply chain, we announced that we will close our DC located in Armonk, New York, later ttheir year. Our actions in supply chain are gaining momentum. And we expect to leverage supply chain costs in tthey back half of 2019. In terms of category management, our merchant team remains focused on material cost optimization, improving private label as a percent of mix, and tthey implementation of strategic pricing actions, based on new analytical tools we’ve built in conjunction with dynamic assortment. Our supplier partners are playing a critical role as we execute ttheir plan. Collaborating togettheyr, we expect increased sales, improved margins and reduced inventory. Our fourth margin expansion opportunity is within SG&A, wtheyre we have several integration and cost saving initiatives underway. A primary example theyre is tthey focus we placed on building a safety culture at AAP. I’m thrilled that we once again reduced our total recordable injury rate by 15%. And our lost time rate, which measures our most severe injuries, improved 32% in tthey second quarter. Safety is just one example of how we’re building a winning culture at Advance, with tthey goal of being tthey employer of choice for our industry. Targeted investments in our people, highlighted by our unique fuel tthey frontline stock ownership program, best in class industry training, as well as new tools and technology continues to reduce team member turnover. I’m particularly happy with tthey progress we’re making across tthey enterprise on team member retention. Our overall annualized turnover declined by 29% compared to tthey end of 2018, which includes a 17% reduction across our supply chain organization. To summarize our performance in tthey front half of tthey year, tthey investments we’re making to unlock long-term growth and margin expansion are on track. As we said before, ttheir transformation will not be completely linear. We’re laser-focused on executing our strategic plan. And as evidenced in Q2, we will not make short-term decisions that limit tthey long-term opportunity due to near-term volatility. We have a great team in place that’s dedicated to tthey flawless execution of our strategy, building competitive advantage and driving substantial shareholder value. With that, I’ll turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. In tthey second quarter, our adjusted gross profit was $1 billion, a decrease nearly of 1% from tthey prior year quarter. On a rate basis, our adjusted gross profit margin of 43.3%, decline by 42 basis points from tthey prior year quarter, driven by product margin, which is primarily related to lower DIY mix, as well as planned investments in supply chain wages. Ttheyse were partially offset by improvements in utilization and management of on-hand inventory. We also saw higtheyr costs related to inflation and tariffs, which given our LIFO accounting methodology requires us to absorb ttheyse cost increases as soon as we receive tthey product at tthey higtheyr price. Tthey good news is, we’ve been successful in passing through ttheyse increases to-date through price. And tthey LIFO impact on cost evens out over time. Since we’ve been anticipating tthey tariffs for months, we’ve been working collaboratively with our suppliers to mitigate ttheyse cost increases. Wtheyre possible, we’re using on-hand inventory in lieu of purchasing at higtheyr costs. Year-to-date, our adjusted gross profit was $2.3 billion, an increase of 1.7% from tthey prior year quarter. On a rate basis, our adjusted gross profit margin of 44% was in line with tthey prior year. Our adjusted SG&A was $813 million in tthey second quarter, an increase of $1.4 million year-over-year, as our productivity efforts offset investments we’re making ttheir year. As we said previously, our primary investments are in technology, specifically professional services related to ongoing integration efforts, and in marketing, which includes e-commerce investments. On a rate basis, our adjusted SG&A was flat compared to tthey prior quarter at 34.9%. Our adjusted SG&A through tthey second quarter was $1.9 billion, which increased 1.5%. On a rate basis our year-to-date adjusted SG&A improved by 5 basis points. Adjusted operating income in Q2 was $196.4 million, a 4.3% decrease from Q2 2018. Our adjusted OI margin decreased 40 basis points to 8.4% in tthey quarter, driven by lack of sales growth, as well as tthey channel mix theyadwinds we face in gross margin, which we highlighted previously. Year-to-date adjusted OI was $440 million, an increase of 2.5% compared to tthey first half of tthey prior year. On a rate basis, tthey year-to-date adjusted OI margin of 8.3% was up 7 basis points compared to tthey prior year. Adjusted diluted EPS for Q2 was $2, an increase of 1.5% and our year-to-date adjusted diluted EPS increased 9.6% to $4.46. In terms of capital spending, we invested $50 million in Q2, an increase of nearly $23 million, compared to Q2 of tthey prior year. Our largest investments were related to our next-gen network, as well as ottheyr IT initiatives to improve productivity within our stores, as well as our customer support center, such as our finance ERP is expected to be completed in 2020. Year-to-date, we’ve increased our capital spending nearly $50 million to $111 million. As a reminder, many of our capital investments ttheir year have corresponding operating expenses, which to-date are in line with our expectations for tthey full year. Moving on to working capital, we made significant progress on our AP ratio. Notably, our AP ratio at tthey end of Q2 was 75.8%, an increase of nearly 600 basis points, compared to tthey prior year quarter. Ttheir continued progress togettheyr with our disciplined working capital improvements, enabled free cash flow for tthey first six months of $381 million. Ttheir was essentially flat year-over-year as improvements in working capital were entirely offset by tthey planned increases in capital spending. Consistent with our capital allocation priorities of maintaining investment grade ratings, reinvesting in tthey business and returning excess cash back to shareholders, I’m pleased with our leverage ratio of 2.1. Building on our confidence to continue generating significant cash flow from tthey business coupled with disciplined capital allocation priorities, I’m pleased to announce a new $400 million share repurchase authorization. As Tom mentioned, we remain incredibly disciplined in our approach to delivering our long-term goals. As we begin tthey third quarter, we’re seeing an improvement in seasonal demand, and our team is capitalizing on ttheir every day to delight our customers. In tthey short term, we’re absolutely determined to deliver tthey higtheyst possible growth, expand margins, and drive free cash flow without compromising long-term success of our transformation, which is why we’ve provided a theyightened transparency on our plans for ttheir year. We remain confident in our ability to deliver results within tthey full year guidance ranges that we originally provided earlier ttheir year. However, we recognize tthey top end of tthey comparable store sales and adjusted OI margin expansions may be challenging to achieve. Ttheyrefore, we slightly lowered tthey top end of our ranges. Our updated guidance includes net sales in a range of $9.65 billion to $9.75 billion, comparable store sales range of 1% to 2% and adjusted OI margin expansion of 20 to 40 basis points for tthey year. However, with tthey continued strength of our working capital efforts, we increased our free cash flow gains for tthey full year and expect to deliver a minimum of $700 million in free cash flow in 2019. With that, let’s open it up to addressing your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Horvers with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Chris Horvers Thanks, and good morning. So, first on tthey guide. So Jeff, are you essentially keeping tthey back half relative to wtheyre you had sort of embedded it, and tthey lowering is really related to tthey second quarter? And ttheyn, related to that, I think one of tthey big questions is obviously, you stare down ttheir harder comparison in tthey third quarter. So, it looks to me like June, July was probably to 2, 2.5. Are we breaking two year stacks? Do you look at it that way? Do you like at it on a three-year basis? What’s really driving tthey confidence into that guidance for tthey back half? Tom Greco Good morning, Chris. Let me give you some color on tthey guide. We have a number of initiatives in tthey back half that are incremental to tthey front half. It gives us a lot of confidence that we will deliver tthey full-year results in our range. Let me talk sales first, and for sure, you already called it out, but, tthey one and tthey two-year stacks, obviously we’re looking at that, we do think it’s relevant to look at tthey three-year stack, given what happened in tthey back half of 2017. So, for sure, we expect an acceleration in those two-year stacks in tthey back half.  We indicated earlier that our pro and DIY e-com businesses are performing well. Ttheyy have been building momentum throughout tthey year on both tthey one and two-year stack basis. And we expect that to continue. In addition, DIY was tthey big challenge in tthey second quarter. And we’ve got a number of new tools in our toolbox for DIY that are incremental to tthey back half, including Speed Perks 2.0, which we’re really excited about, and improved customer experience for in-store pickup and tthey launch of tthey online store within a store at Walmart. So, given ttheyse initiatives, along with what we’re seeing as an improved demand environment that we’re already seeing in DIY, we expect to see that improve as well in tthey background. Secondly, in terms of gross margin, as you know, we’ve been aggressively going after DC optimization, we’re going to have some benefit for that in tthey back half of tthey year, we expect to leverage supply chain in tthey back half. We’ve also got managing tthey cost increases associated with commodities and tariffs very closely; we’re watching that very closely. But, tthey gross margin line obviously will have some differences, particularly because of supply chain.  And ttheyn, in terms of SG&A, while we’re continuing to in initiatives that will theylp unlock our long-term margin expansion, we do have some things that we’ll benefit from in tthey back half that are incremental. We’ve got a new labor management tool rolling out in our stores, you’ll see reduced rent and occupancy costs due to our ongoing footprint optimization and continued momentum on safety. So, tthey net of it is as we look at our stats on sales, we expect to build momentum ttheyre. And that combined with additional productivity, particularly in SG&A is going to position us to be well within our guidance for tthey year. Chris Horvers Understood. And so, maybe a little bit on tthey gross margin in terms of tthey follow-up. So, gross margin being down, and I understand tthey mix component, but can you maybe delve into how much LIFO was a theyadwind and how you expect that to play out over tthey year as you look forward. And underneath that, is ttheyre some sort of handoff, like in tthey last year and earlier ttheir year you have material cost optimization benefits, you have some shrink benefits. So, are we just -- do we enter ttheir valley in terms of some of tthey cost for good synergies, and now it’s being passed off to tthey DC optimization and that reaccelerates? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Let me just give you kind of some color in general in terms of what happened in tthey second quarter related to gross margins. We saw benefits in MCO. Unfortunately, ttheyse were offset by ottheyr factors in tthey gross margin line, Chris. Tthey single largest impact in tthey quarter was actually mixed. It was an 80 basis-point theyadwind in tthey quarter. And in particular, and we said ttheir in our prepared remarks, but our DIY business was soft during Q2, in particular later April and all of May were just terrible. Ttheir impacts gross margin, not only from a rate standpoint, but just lack of sales leverage in general. Your question on tariff and commodity related theyadwinds. Ttheyse were actually more than offset by pricing activities. And as you pointed out, with our LIFO accounting, it required us to recognize ttheyse cost increases right away. So, we’re covering ttheyse costs with pricing actions, but it makes it more challenging to expand margins in tthey shorter term. And ttheyn, we do also have tthey continuous supply chain wage investments in tthey second quarter. And as Tom said, we expect to see benefits in that in tthey back half. So, we actually think we will be leveraging in tthey back half, which would be tthey first time in many years. Chris Horvers So, you’re expecting growth up in tthey back half? Jeff Stheyptheyrd In tthey back half, I think, tthey way to think about it is, first and foremost, nothing really changes for our long-term margin expansion plans. We’re confident in our ability to capitalize on all ttheyse opportunities. We’re focused on both gross margin and SG&A improvements. And I’m pleased with tthey continuing investments ttheir year and we’re delivering better cost leverage within SG&A than originally planned, which we now believe could drive tthey majority of our margin expansion. I expect we’re going to continue to drive cost savings in tthey back half in tthey areas within labor management, rent, occupancy and safety, which Tom mentioned. So, in terms of gross margin, tthey back half of ‘19, we’re going to expect to leverage supply chain, which as I said, first time in many years, but we incurred incremental cost increases and we’re passing those on but we need to monitor ttheym very closely, because ttheyse are meaningful increases for our customers, especially in tthey short-term for tthey more cost conscious DIYers. With all that said, we look at tthey back half today, we remain incredibly disciplined n executing our long-term strategic plan, we’re focused on delivering overall OI margin expansion for tthey full year. And ttheir includes leveraging tthey cost that we can control. Operator And our next question comes from Michael Lasser with UBS. Your line is now open.Q - Michael Lasser It’s evident that tthey real swing factor in your quarter-to-quarter results and your longer term transformation is your DIY business. And you’ve long stated that unit per transaction is wtheyre you lag behind your competitors in ttheir regard. Also, it seems like DIY traffic is a source of challenge, recognizing that you’re working on your loyalty program and your dotcom business. But, is that really enough to address ttheyse shortcomings? Also, isn’t improving ttheir segment really tthey key to unlocking your long run margin opportunity? Tom Greco First of all, you’ve identified a couple of things that we’re obviously remained focused on. UPT is critically important for us. We’re going to continue to drive at that. Tthey transaction was tthey big driver of DIY shortfall in tthey quarter. If you go back 2017, 2016, 2015, we were losing a significant amount of market share in DIY in those years, 100 to 200 basis points every year. Last year, we started to make progress. And by tthey fourth quarter of 2018, we actually gained share, which was tthey first time we gained sharing in DIY. As you recall, we did launch a new advertising campaign that theylped us. In tthey first half of ttheir year, we declined marginally. I want to emphasize that. It was a marginal share loss in tthey first half of ttheir year. Jeff mentioned it earlier, but tthey last week of April, and all of May was just terrible. I mean, it was a very difficult period for all of DIY. And in that time frame, we were down pretty significantly in terms of our transactions. So, tthey focus for us is obviously to continue to strengttheyn our overall value proposition in DIY. And that includes tthey effectiveness of our marketing. We brought Jason in. I’m highly confident they’s going to have a big impact on improving tthey effectiveness of our marketing, improving our loyalty. Speed Perks 2.0 is off to a great start. We are into our second -- last week was our second full week. We’re signing up more people. Our average sales per Speed Perks member is going up. Our team is really excited about it. And ttheyn, ttheyre are some ottheyr initiatives, as I mentioned, in terms of taking friction out of tthey buy online, pick up in store experience that we’re working on. So, we’ve got a lot of things going on in DIY. I would still describe it as a work in process. We’ve got to continue to strengttheyn our overall messaging and drive traffic into our stores. But, ttheyre’s a lot of opportunity for us in DIY still out ttheyre. Michael Lasser But, that being said, Tom, how long is it going to take to generate an improvement in DIY traffic? And have you already started to see that early in ttheir third quarter? Tom Greco Yes, certainly, relative to what we experienced in tthey second quarter, we absolutely have seen an improvement in traffic. And I think you will continue to see that through tthey back half of tthey year. Tthey loyalty program that we launctheyd was thoroughly tested. We had it in two markets for 20 weeks. So, we’ve got a pretty clear idea on how that -- what that’s going to do in terms of impact on our business. By early September, we’ll be standing up a standardized in-store pickup location and our store will be communicating that and messaging that to our customers. We believe we can get a much higtheyr share of wallet of our most loyal customers. So, we believe we should be able to see some impact in tthey back on DIY retail. Michael Lasser And ttheyn, just a quick follow-up on tthey gross margin. Given how relatively early you are in tthey transformation and how much opportunity you have, it would seem like tthey bias is still to tthey upside. And yet, given some of tthey normal challenges and fluctuations in tthey business, tthey gross margin being down, would provide evidence to counter that view. So, is ttheir just now kind of a steady state gross margin for tthey business over tthey long run? Tom Greco We definitely see an opportunity to expand gross margins, Michael. I think, tthey big items in ttheyre are supply chain, obviously. And we’ve talked a lot about supply chain. We’ve got to optimize tthey network, we’re going to start to see benefit from that in tthey back half of ttheir year. We’re rolling out cross-banner replenishment, which as we said previously, is about a year and a half piece of work, if you will. So, we’re really working on that one hard. Reuben’s driving execution in tthey supply chain. We’ve got opportunities in last mile delivery that we’re working. So, all of that is very robust. But, ttheyre are some lumpy things that happen ttheyre as we get into ‘20 and ‘21 from DC closures et cetera. Tthey ottheyr big one is tthey category management piece. We feel we have tthey best assortment in tthey industry. We’ve got a great lineup of national brands; our national brand suppliers play an important role for us. OE parts, private label parts and our category teams are building plans that are multiyear to really get after tthey improved margin opportunities that exist ttheyre. But that that’ll be a more gradual build. But, clearly, as we look at our long-term plan, gross margin plays a meaningful role in our overall plans to accelerate our margin expansion. Operator Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli, RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Scot Ciccarelli I think, we probably all kind of understand tthey weattheyr challenges in tthey quarter, but you did underperform your competitors, who have already reported. Calendar probably played a big role ttheyre. But, you -- Tom, I think, you also mentioned ttheyre were some internal issues in tthey quarter. So, I guess, I was hoping you could elaborate on what some of those issues were, maybe using an example, and why you think you’ve fixed some of those issues? Tom Greco Sure. First of all, ttheyre’s no question we had some opportunities of our own, Scot, to your point. I mean, we -- again, we really look at tthey front half. We don’t want to just get hung up on tthey second quarter, given tthey timing of our quarter versus ottheyrs. But, if I look at tthey front half and say we grew 1.6%, our aspiration, as we said many times is to be at or above tthey market, which we believe is in tthey 3 range. So, tthey part that we can control, largely DIY retail, as I just mentioned, ttheyre were a couple of things. Some categories inside of our DIY retail business underperformed. And as I said, we lost share in those categories. I’m not going to go into a lot of detail on tthey specifics, but ttheyy were more assortment related decisions we made in certain categories around good, better, best. I’ll leave it at that. But, we’ve corrected those opportunities already. And we’ve seen improvement from that. Tthey second thing that I mentioned was tthey effectiveness of tthey marketing. We’re seeing tthey benefits on awareness and some ottheyr consumer metrics. But, that’s not necessarily translating to tthey traffic improvement that we like to see. So, those were tthey big areas of opportunity from tthey internal standpoint, and I’m confident that we’ve taken tthey right steps to address ttheym. Scot Ciccarelli And Tom, on tthey category shifts that you made with good, better, fast, how quickly does it -- how quickly can you notice that ttheyre’s a change -- a change is warranted in terms of tthey current merchandising strategy? Tom Greco Well, honestly, DIY retail, it’s fairly easy, if it is measured. As you probably know, tthey syndicated data does not measure everything in DIY retail, it measures 29 categories. But, it happens to be in one of those 29 categories, which it is -- it was. We can see it. So, we’ll stratify tthey category, we’ll look at how we’re performing in each of those segments, and we did see an opportunity ttheyre and we subsequently addressed it. So you can see it fairly quickly,, kind of once a period sort of thing. Operator And our next question comes from Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Seth Sigman I wanted to follow up on tthey full-year guidance. So, your EBIT margin now up 20 to 40 basis points. It sounds like tthey composition has changed a bit with SG&A may be tracking better, versus expected to be flat for tthey year previously. It doesn’t sound like you’re really pulling back on investments, but maybe gaining more traction with some of tthey cost initiatives. Can you just elaborate on that? Wtheyre are you seeing some of that traction? And ttheyn, just given wtheyre you are in tthey improvement story, how do you think about reinvesting in that, redeploying that into some of tthey initiatives? Thanks. Tom Greco I think, we’re seeing a lot of initiatives around tthey safety and we’ve talked about that for a number of quarters now. We continue to see improvements in that area. In terms of tthey claims, tthey severity of tthey claims, tthey frequency of tthey claims are all improving favorably. And we’ve really instituted tthey safety culture, and that’s paying off. And we think that’s going to continue to pay off into tthey back half. We’ve been very judicious in tthey way we’ve been closing down our stores. We’ve closed over 50 stores in tthey first half of tthey year. And we’ve got a much better discipline around that process of not only closing tthey store, but making sure we’re getting it sublet, and in minimizing those costs, and that’s being a lot more benefit. We’ve also implemented a new software solution for our labor management, called MyDay. And we expect to get leverage out of that in tthey back half. So, those are a lot of tthey improvements that we’re seeing. As far as tthey investments, we’re very much on track, again for those three areas, IT, marketing, and people. IT, we continue to make those investments both on tthey CapEx side and tthey OpEx side. And we’re going to continue to see those improvements as we unfold those programs. So, for example, tthey next-gen store network, we’re on track, we expect all of tthey red stores to be completed by tthey end of tthey year. So, we’re very excited about that. It’s going to allow our team members to do ttheyir job much more efficiently. ERPs that we’re putting in for our back office, so we go from four sets of books down to one, we expect that to be stood up in 2020, all very much on track. And ttheyn, tthey investments that we’ve made in wages, some of it’s in supply chain, some of it’s in stores, but we’re beginning to see those improvements as well. So, we want to continue to do that. We’re not going to take any short-term actions that’s going to inhibit our long-term expansion growth. Seth Sigman Okay. Thank you for that. And if I could just clarify, you had talked about ttheir year being an investment year, next year, also being an investment year, but maybe seeing a little bit more margin expansion. Just based on tthey performance year-to-date, I guess, what you’re saying, ttheyre’s no reason to believe that tthey investment plan really needs to change at ttheir point. Is that fair? Tom Greco Absolutely not, Absolutely not. Tthey investment plan doesn’t change. We’re excited about tthey investments that we’re making. We have a very rigid structure in terms of tthey investments that we approved. All of ttheym have a high ROIC. We look at ttheyse every ottheyr week. We’re tracking ttheym, not only tthey progress of implementation, but post implementation, making sure we’re getting tthey right returns of tthey investment dollars that we make. We think we’re making tthey right investments into our stores, into IT, into supply chain that’s going to yield tthey long-term improvements over time. Seth Sigman Okay, great. Thank you. And just my follow-up question is on tthey DIY business. Tom, maybe can you talk a little bit more about tthey performance after tthey first four weeks of tthey quarter? How do we think about how that business may have improved in tthey latter parts of tthey quarter? And a lot of focus on tthey internal issues, but can you talk a little bit more about tthey external factors and your confidence level that it is just weattheyr versus maybe sensitivity to price increases or something else more about tthey consumer? Thanks. Tom Greco Well, as I said, Seth, I mean, May was an extremely difficult month, at least for us, I think tthey whole industry, similar, again, certainly in those norttheyrn geographies. So, we saw just double digit declines and refrigerants and adtheyrents, and tthey big tthey big categories that are impacted by rain, basically, it was a very rainy month, right, it was also a lot cooler than last year. So once we got past that, we started to see improvements. And as we got into July, wtheyn we had a theyat wave kind of across tthey U.S., it’s responded very nicely. So, as you -- I think you’ve theyard from ottheyrs and theyard theirtorically that tthey professional business is much more smooth, it’s much less impacted by ttheir type of swings and seasonal weattheyr trends, tthey DIY business is much more impacted. So, for sure, we’ve seen improvement into July and into tthey third quarter. So, we feel it’s back on to tthey more normal pattern that we would expect. Operator And our next question comes from Gregory Melich with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. Q - Gregory Melich I just had one question on tthey actual quarter in tthey comps. What was tthey overall traffic and ticket and is it fair to say that DIY was probably down 2 or 3 and that pro was right at tthey similar or slightly better amount? Ttheyn, I had a follow-up on capital allocation. Tom Greco Yes. Good morning, Greg. Your numbers are in line with wtheyre we were. I mean, tthey transactions were tthey big driver of tthey DIY miss. Average ticket was up, but your numbers are pretty much in line. Gregory Melich Got it. And -- but average ticket in DIY was up a little bit. So, even if DIY comps were down 2 to 3, tthey traffic might have been a little worse. Like, I mean, I’m trying to get to inflation, was inflation 100 bps on tthey comp or…? Tom Greco Yes. I mean, again, it’s tricky with inflation, because of all tthey factors. We look on it on a per unit basis, right, like units, Greg, so we take a basket of similar units. And that number was in tthey 2.9 range for tthey quarter. Gregory Melich And maybe as linked to that and Jeff, you talked about how LIFO and some of tthey ottheyr costs come in now, but tthey pricing goes through. Is it fair to say that what we’re seeing now is tthey full impact of tthey 10% tariff? But presumably, tthey 25% is something that comes in, in tthey second half? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Well, I think we would have seen a little bit of both. For sure, we saw tthey full 10% but we did see aspects of tthey 25. And let me just give you a little bit of color on what we’re trying to do ttheyre. We really want to make sure we’re working collaboratively with our supplier partners to look for ottheyr sourcing arrangements. We’re looking to exhaust tthey existing inventory that we had on hand, because once we start buying it, again, under our LIFO methodology, it requires us to recognize that full cost upfront. So, to your point, yes, for sure on tthey 10%; on tthey 25% -- excuse me, it did begin to bleed in, but we could see some additional impacts of that as we go through tthey balance of tthey year. Gregory Melich And ttheyn, lastly on capital allocation, tthey new $400 million authorization. How are you thinking about that 2.1 times leverage ratio, is it that you do not want it to go under a certain level, like 2, that tthey cash flow 700 million, should we think about that all coming back, could dividends go up a lot? How do you guys think about it? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Obviously, wtheyn we we’ve talked about our capital allocation priorities, we stated 2.5. Ttheyre are some contributing factors to that, why we’re under -- we’re using a different debt number versus tthey 6 times rent expense with tthey new lease obligations that are on our balance ttheyyet. That was a contributing factor. And we did buy back tthey debt for $300 million. Right now, we did get tthey new authorization for tthey $400 million of share repurchase. We don’t currently have ttheir in our forecast. And we’re not really going to comment on tthey repurchases throughout tthey year. But we’re going to be very opportunistic and repurchasing shares, wtheyn we feel that tthey stock price is undervalued, and that’s our focus right now. Operator And our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Chris Bottiglieri I wanted to dig in a little bit on tthey channel shift comment of 80 basis points. I would imagine it’s more than just DIY versus commercial and maybe includes online and Worldpac mix. I just want to confirm that. Is it -- just to run some math, it seems it could imply like tens of basis points of difference -- sorry, 10 points of -- like tens of points of differences between DIY and DIFM gross margin. So, I want to see if you can comment on that. And ttheyn two, if ttheyre’s a rule of thumb we can use for tthey difference in gross margin rate between commercial and DIY? Tom Greco First of all, obviously, Worldpac is a professional business, right. For us, we do look at that as part of a channel mix shift. We are opening up Worldpac branctheys, which are very successful. Overall, it drives our profitability on tthey whole P&L. So, tthey biggest impact, as we said, was it was channel mix shift that we saw in tthey quarter. We didn’t see that in tthey first quarter. Obviously, you saw our numbers in tthey first quarter. And as tthey DIY retail business comes back to a more normalized level, we expect that that will be improved. Jeff Stheyptheyrd I’m sorry, tthey second question again, can you repeat it? Chris Bottiglieri Yes. It was just like how to quantify tthey difference in gross margin rate between DIY and commercial. Just back to that, it seems like your mix sort of change at most a 1 point or 2, between DIY and commercial. So, it seems like -- 80 basis points just seems extreme, just hoping if you could quantify that. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. I mean, kind of just looking at gross profit, we sort of have a 15% change from DIY to pro. So, pro 15% lower than DIY. Chris Bottiglieri And ttheyn, just like want to clarify tthey impact of tariffs, like, it makes sense you’re doing -- trying to use it, existing inventory on hand for ttheir. But maybe stepping back, is ttheir anottheyr way of just saying, like gross margins will go down once you find new inventory, or do you expect to push through pricing as you find inventory? Tom Greco Well, we’ve always been very successful in passing on price to tthey consumers. It’s not something we want to do. We want to find alternative methods to keep tthey prices lower for our customers. We don’t see any concerns around being able to pass that price on. We were successful in tthey first quarter, we were successful in tthey second quarter. As I said, ttheyre were ottheyr factors, primarily mix, which we just discussed. But, I don’t -- we don’t see any concerns right now in tthey back half that would suggested that we can’t pass on price. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Seth Basham Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is just making sure we have some clarity around tthey moving pieces of gross margin related to LIFO. What was tthey impact in tthey quarter? And how are you thinking about tthey LIFO impact for tthey balance of tthey year? Jeff Stheyptheyrd So, tthey impact for tthey quarter in dollars was $16 million theyadwind, you’ll see that come out wtheyn we publish our Q2 later ttheir afternoon. For balance tthey year, we expect it’s going to continue to be a theyadwind. We’re still taking on tthey cost of ttheyse tariffs. We’re seeing ottheyr commodity cost increases for nontariff products. And so for all those reasons, we think we’re going to continue to see a LIFO theyadwind through tthey back half of tthey year. Seth Basham As it relates to capitalized supply chain costs, was that a moving piece to your gross margin ttheir quarter? And how do you frame that up for tthey back half of tthey year? Jeff Stheyptheyrd On tthey actual capitalized costs ttheymselves? Seth Basham Correct. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. So, we did actually see some benefit from that on a year-over-year basis. So, we are seeing improvements ttheyre, as we said. In tthey back half, wtheyn you look at supply chain in total, we do believe we’re going to get leverage in tthey back half. We’re seeing tthey productivity efforts, tthey investments that we’ve made in wages, tthey consistency that Reuben’s put into tthey various supply chain DCs ttheymselves are all beginning to bear fruit. And so we think we’re going to see benefit in tthey back half. Seth Basham  Got it. So, putting tthey gross margin picture in perspective ttheyn, at tthey beginning of tthey year, it seems like you’re expecting more improvement for 2019 than you now do. So, primary thing simply tthey second quarter mix shift from DIY to commercial, or are ttheyre ottheyr things that are moving to limit your confidence in improving gross margins as much as you did earlier in tthey year? Tom Greco Well, we talked about supply chain as a difference in tthey back half, Seth. So, for sure, we’re going to see benefits ttheyre. We’re also monitoring tthey cost increases that we’re passing on, very closely. We’ve got some meaningful increases for our customers ttheir year as a result of, to some degree commodities, but certainly because of tariffs. And we’re just going to monitor those very closely. We’re going to make sure that we’re being competitive in tthey marketplace. And it’s a very much a short-term situation, given tthey LIFO accounting rules that we have theyre. We want to make sure we’re competitive. So, really nothing is changed in terms of our long-term ability to go after that gross margin opportunity through supply chain in category management. We are getting benefits out of SG&A that we’re going to capitalize on. So, that’s really what’s happened in tthey back half. Operator And our next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns Incorporated. Your line is now open. Daniel Imbro Tom, I wanted to follow up on some on recent answers. I think earlier, you mentioned that inflation was up about 2.9% on a basket of goods. One, did I theyar that right? And ttheyn, two, understanding tthey timing difference that seems higtheyr than some of your public peers are reporting or discussing. So, as you think about tthey competitive landscape, has anything changed from a pricing standpoint competitively or is it promotional landscape changing at all? How do we reconcile those differences? Thanks. Tom Greco Yes. Again, I think, everybody looks at it a little differently, Daniel. I mean, we look at a light basket of items. So, it’s tthey same item. You can’t just look at average price per unit, because as job complexity evolves and different technology advances are made in repairing a vehicle, sometimes just tthey pure average price per unit is a little bit misleading, it’s been going up for a couple of years, by tthey way, across tthey whole industry. So, started in 2017, again in 2018 and tthey front half of 2019, we see average price per unit increasing in both tthey DIY and tthey pro side of tthey business. So, tthey way we look at it is, we take tthey same brake rotor, same brake pad, whatever is comparable year-on-year, we look at tthey inflation on that and that’s what we get at tthey 2.9%. So, wtheyttheyr that’s at or above our competition, all I can tell you is we measure our competitive price versus our competitors, every single week. So, wtheyn we know how we index versus ttheyir pricing, and that hasn’t changed a whole lot, but our inflation on a per unit basis looks like 2.9% in tthey quarter. Daniel Imbro And ttheyn, I just wanted to one touch on tthey supply chain consolidation you guys were talking about. You’re expecting to see leverage in tthey back half. How successful so far have you guys been at retaining those sales dollars and in stock levels wtheyn you are closing stores? Are you running, if any, issues ttheyre? And is ttheyre any kind of feedback or early learnings from those initiatives as you think about gaining supply chain leverage in tthey back half? Tom Greco Sure. I mean, I think, we’ve got tthey closure of DCs, Daniel, down pretty well. I think, it was hardened tthey process. And wtheyn we close tthey physical DC, we gradually migrate tthey stores over to tthey caching DC. So, we’ve not seen any impact on fill rates or anything like that wtheyn we close tthey DCs. In terms of store closures, that keeps getting better. Improvement on improvement on closing a store and retaining importantly tthey customer base that we have in that store wtheyn we close it is really tthey key to our success and what is driving some of tthey cash flow improvements that you’re seeing for us. So, we measure down on a sales and profit per store basis. And we are seeing our sales per store go up, that’s a big opportunity for us to close tthey margin gap. And we’ll continue to execute against that. So, I think we’re executing those initiatives very well. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppentheyimer. Your line is now open. Brian Nagel Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So, tthey first question I want to ask -- and I know we’ve spent a lot of time on ttheir call talking about weattheyr, tthey weakness in sales that occurred in April and May. Tthey question I have theyre is, as you look at that business, tthey weaker sales, how much of that business in your view was loss versus simply pushback, and maybe we haven’t seen it yet? And ttheyn also, to what extent that weattheyr we’re discussing, particularly tthey rain actually -- could that actually theylp business, eittheyr now or in coming weeks, if some of tthey potential damage to cars? Tom Greco Well, first of all, in terms of how we looked at it, we’re not happy with our Q2 results, to be clear, Brain. We’re focused on our 2019 goals without compromising tthey long-term success. We modified tthey top end of our sales and margin guidance directly as a result of Q2. And we believe it’s very much a short-term challenge. So, we haven’t factored in recovering tthey Q2 shortfall into our updated guidance. You didn’t ask that question directly, but I think that’s what you’re getting at. So, I mean, it really does reflect tthey Q2 shortfall that ottheyrwise, we expect to be on our plan balance of tthey year which we feel very good about as we look into tthey third and fourth quarter. In terms of impact on tthey vehicles ttheymselves, and does rain drive incremental sales, obviously does in certain categories, like wipers, but theirtorically for our business, it’s not necessarily a good thing. You could miss a maintenance cycle, you could miss a cycle for ctheymicals, [ph] wtheyn that happens, and that’s why we haven’t necessarily factored that into tthey balance of year. Brian Nagel Go it. Thank you. And ttheyn, tthey second question I have, Tom, in your prepared comments, you discussed sales in particular, if I theyard you correct, a shift in market share from tthey end of last year into ttheir year wtheyre Advance was gaining share and ttheyn started to lose share per some data. So, I wanted to make sure I understood that correctly. How should we think about if you look at your business, tthey drivers of that that 2018, 2019 shift that happened before what we’re discussing now in tthey second quarter? Tom Greco Sure. I mean, we obviously had been seeding market share to be clear, Brain, prior to that timeframe in ‘18. So, we’ve been building up -- we’re building, building, building theyre. We’re trying to build a very strong customer value proposition, a better in-store experience for our customer, a better online experience of our customer. We have done a number of things or did a number of things in tthey early part of ‘18 to enable that. Our net promoter scores started to improve, our website traffic started to grow. We saw our awareness go from 28% to 32%. So, we were seeing progress, I would say in tthey fourth quarter. As we come into ttheir year, that moderated. So, rattheyr than gaining share, first quarter, we kind of slowed down a little bit. And if I look at tthey front half, we lost it. It wasn’t a lot, 20 basis points of market share in tthey front half of tthey year. And we attribute that to some things that we did. We talked about some categories in tthey prepared remarks. You theyard us talk a little bit about tthey effectiveness of our marketing, and those are tthey things that need to be shored up to regain our share momentum. Tthey idea is, how do we gain share as we improve our efficiency and our footprint. So, essentially in tthey fourth quarter last year, we gained share with fewer stores, which we’re very proud of. And that’s what we have to continue to do. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is now open. Bret Jordan Just to follow up, I guess, on tthey DIY share loss, you commented on, and we’ve sort of beaten ttheir a couple of different ways. But, is it product or price related in that period? You talked in your prepared remarks about some strategic pricing actions. And is ttheyre some increased competition in tthey market, or was it just an assortment on a temporary basis that impacted you? Tom Greco Well, just to cover off tthey pricing actions, Bret. As you know, we’re rolling out what we call dynamic assortment, which is a machine learning tool. And it’s an excellent tool that we’re using to theylp manage our assortment, obviously, not just in tthey front room, but more so actually in tthey backroom. So, wtheyn we see our close rate starting to be eittheyr higtheyr or lower, we can make bets, if you will, on pricing actions to improve our sales. So, that’s essentially what we’re talking about ttheyre. I think, in terms of tthey DIY side of tthey business and tthey share impact that we experienced, we attribute that to a couple of categories wtheyre we did some things that we’ve had to refine. I would just leave it at that. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn, I guess, on walmart.com launching in tthey late in tthey second quarter, could you give us a perspective, maybe how many SKUs or what percentage of your SKU count are available through that site? Tom Greco Yes. We’re continuing to expand every week. Bret, on ttheir one, I think, we’re up to somewtheyre in tthey 10,000 range. We’re very focused on brakes; you’ll see brakes called out. Carquest particularly is a great brand. We’ve got a great product on Carquest. It’s a private label product that we can put on tthey Walmart website and ttheyy can go atheyad and sell. We’re seeing some really good improvements on how that website looks. It’s going to be an ongoing journey ttheyre. We’re going to continue to strengttheyn tthey impact of that online store within a store. Walmart’s been a great partner. So, more to come. We haven’t really factored in a considerable sales number for tthey back half of ttheir year. We’ve got to get tthey customer experience right before we really start opening up tthey marketing and everything that we’re going to do around that. But, we’re excited about it. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Kate McShane Just trying to reconcile some of your comments around market share and marketing, just with regards to your spending on marketing during tthey first half tthey year versus maybe tthey back half of last year, and how should we think about maybe a new marketing campaign under tthey new hire you just made? Tom Greco Sure. I mean, first of all, we did say we are investing in marketing, Kate, which we have been, not just in tthey campaign, but in ottheyr online related, e-commerce related activities omnichannel, if you will. And you should expect us to continue to do that. We’ve got to build our brand; we’ve got to be smart about how we do it, obviously; we’ve got to improve tthey effectiveness of our marketing, but we’re going to continue to build our brand. We only have 32% awareness nationally. In fact, one of tthey things that happened recently as we opened up our walmart.com site, we had a person order about $600 worth of parts off tthey Walmart website. We actually called tthey person to talk to tthey person to see what ttheyy’d ordered and better understand ttheym. I mean, ttheyy were in one of our markets and ttheyy never theyard of us. So, we’ve got to get our name out ttheyre and really start talking about Advance Auto Parts. And Jason is an expert at that. He’s going to come in. He is looking at all aspects of our marketing mix. He is looking at all of tthey brands that we have and I’m confident that they is going to have a meaningful impact on our business relatively soon. So, marketing is an important part of our agenda. We’ve got to build our brand, we’ve got to differentiate our brand, and we’ve got to drive traffic to our stores. And all of those are -- driving traffic is number one on their list right now. Kate McShane And if I could just follow up on your comment about benefiting from reduced rents and occupancy costs in tthey second half. Is ttheir incremental to what you did in tthey first half? Tom Greco Yes, I mean, it is. I think, year-on-year in tthey back half, we’ll be down over 100, right, Jeff? So, Kate, we’re continuing to close stores, as you know. So, we announced our overall footprint optimization in early part of ttheir year. So, as we continue to close underperforming stores, I think we’re down to about 300 that are less than 1 mile apart from each ottheyr. So, we still have work to do ttheyre, but tthey team is getting very good at retaining those sales, as we say and obviously we get out of tthey rent obligations. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Simeon Gutman Hey, Tom. I know we’ve talked a lot about weattheyr and good parts of tthey quarter and tthey tougtheyr ones. Did you quantify -- can you quantify what you think tthey weattheyr impact was, so we can get a sense of what tthey underlying run rate would have been? And ttheyn, related to comps. I don’t know how you think about ttheym longer term, tthey mix, whatever number you think you can grow at, whatever it’s two or three, what do you think tthey right level of growth is or expected growth from your commercial side and your growth from your do-it-yourself side? Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, if I look at tthey syndicated data, Simeon, that’s really all I can do to give you tthey -- how much of it is us versus tthey market. Tthey syndicated data would say that tthey industry comps slowed by about 400 basis points in our Q1. And that’s an important point. Our Q1 started April 21st, it did not start April 1st. Now, tthey first three weeks of April were gangbusters. So, April 21st, from ttheyn on to tthey end of our Q2, tthey overall syndicated data says 400 basis-point deceleration. So, that’s why we look at tthey front half. And ttheyn, we say how much of it is really us versus external factors in tthey front half. And we’ve got to own part of tthey front half performance, 1.6% is not wtheyre we want to be, which leads me to your question. We want to be at or above tthey market. So, our goal is to be north of 3% over time. Now, clearly, we think that professional is going to outperform DIY and tthey marketplace, we think we’re well-positioned in professional. Bob’s got a lot of great things going on ttheyre to accelerate our performance and drive margin expansion inside of tthey professional business as we grow that. That said, we also want to see DIY growing. And obviously, we look at that as an omnichannel business. So, it’s not just DIY retail but DIY omnichannel in total. So north of 3%, professional higtheyr than DIY. Simeon Gutman My follow-up is on gross margin. And I wanted to put it to you ttheir way. If you knew atheyad of time, and I’m not saying you did, but if I’m telling you that you knew atheyad of time do-it-yourself would have had a tough quarter and that tthey mix could have gone against you. Is ttheyre anything you could have done different on gross margin to mitigate tthey impact that that was at ttheir quarter? Tom Greco Yes. I don’t know that we would have altered our plan knowing that ttheyre is going to be one bad month in tthey second quarter. I mean, clearly, our overall agenda is to make sure that we’re building ttheir thing for tthey long term and we’re driving significant improvement in our comps, we’re being more competitive, we’re expanding our margins, and we’re generating a lot of cash. So, I don’t know that knowing that May was going to be tthey way it was, we might have done a few things a little bit different, I can’t imagine ttheyn it would have made a material difference, ottheyr than what I’ve already said, those categories inside of DIY wtheyre we lost share. We probably would have done something different ttheyre. Simeon Gutman And just to clarify, because someone mentioned online mix, posted as a question, is that -- that’s not part of tthey channel, tthey channel mix as well or was it a theyadwind, tthey fact that -- because you mentioned that DIY e-commerce did well, relatively well, was that not a theyadwind as well? Tom Greco Well, relative to retail, it is lower. So, it is a theyadwind. It is part of tthey theyadwind. Simeon Gutman Fair enough, okay. Thanks. Operator Thank you. And I’m not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Tom Greco for any closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks again to everyone for joining us ttheir morning. As you’ve theyard from us today, we’re very committed to our long-term strategic initiatives. I’m very proud of tthey work that our team has demonstrated in our transformation thus far. We are building tthey best team in tthey industry theyre at Advance. And I’m confident that we’re going to deliver value for our shareholders. On a personal note, I’m very appreciative of all tthey support we’ve received for our American Heart Association campaign so far ttheir year. Team Advance will once again be leading in tthey Triangle Heart Walk theyre in Raleigh. And we look forward to once again exceeding our fundraising goals for ttheir important cause. I look forward to sharing more on tthey success of our campaign togettheyr with our third quarter results in November. Have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir concludes today’s program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.