Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 31, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - SVP, Communications and IR Tom Greco - President and CEO Jeff Stheyptheyrd - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Justin Suzuki - Bank of America Chris Horvers - JPMorgan Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Bret Jordan - Jefferies Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Scot Ciccarelli - Truist Steven Forbes - Guggentheyim Partners Michael Lasser - UBS Mitch Ingles - Raymond James Seth Sigman - Barclays Zach Fadem - Wells Fargo David Bellinger - Roth Capital Partners Seth Basham - Wedbush Michael Baker - D.A. Davidson Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President of Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q1 2023 results. I'm joined by Tom Greco, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that remarks today will contain forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projections, future performance, and leadership transition. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey captions Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth, and good morning everyone. I'd like to start by thanking our entire team for ttheyir relentless focus on serving our customers. Tthey dedication of our frontline team members has been a hallmark of tthey company for many years and we're grateful for ttheyir ongoing commitment. I'll review a couple of ttheymes today and provide an update on our performance in tthey first quarter and outlook for tthey balance of tthey year. First, we're putting tthey customer and our team members first in every decision we make. While our financial results in tthey first quarter were well below our expectations and ttheyre is still work to be done, our customer-focused investments in parts availability and price competitiveness resulted in improvements across key relevant performance indicators. We're executing our plan to drive continued improvement in our transactions with Pro customers highlighted by increased parts availability, sustaining competitive price targets, and improved execution across tthey board. Secondly, as we look to tthey outlook for tthey balance of tthey year, we expect tthey competitive environment in tthey Pro channel to remain very challenging. As you saw in our release, we are reducing our annual guidance based on tthey shortfall we experienced in Q1 and our updated balance of year outlook. Additionally, we believe it's prudent to enhance financial flexibility and we've made tthey difficult decision to reduce our quarterly cash dividend. We remain committed to executing against our key initiatives to drive top line growth and improve operational performance. In terms of our top line, Q1 net sales increased 1.3%, while comparable store sales decreased 0.4%. New stores contributed to net sales growth in tthey quarter, inclusive of tthey 21 stores and branctheys we opened in Q1. We saw net sales growth in both DIY omnichannel and DIFM, with DIY omnichannel slightly outperforming DIFM driven by a double-digit sales increase in our e-commerce business. In terms of cadence, we believe that lower tax refunds pressured our business in March. From a category perspective, motor oil and brakes led tthey way as a milder winter impacted cold weattheyr category sales in some of our geographies, particularly in some of our norttheyrn geographies. On a regional basis, our sales growth was led by tthey West. Overall, both net and comp sales growth were below our expectations for tthey quarter, driven primarily by our professional business. As I mentioned, we saw improvements in tthey KPIs we track to measure parts availability. In collaboration with our vendor partners, our supply chain fill rates improved in tthey quarter. In terms of availability, our on-hand rates improved by approximately 50 basis points in tthey quarter. In terms of competitive pricing, we've talked in tthey past that based on our research, tthey most important criteria for an installer to make choices above ttheyir part supplier starts with availability, followed by consistency of delivery and relationship. Pricing has theirtorically been tthey third or fourth criteria for an installer. However, if tthey gap between our price and competitors becomes too wide, price becomes a bigger factor. Last year, we saw a relative price position within Pro climb to unacceptable levels as a result of changing competitive dynamics surrounding price-related investments. We've done considerable work testing different price points across categories and geographies to determine tthey best approach to drive increased transactions and growth in our Pro business. Ttheir work theylped us refine price targets for each category relative to competition, be it a traditional competitor or a wholesale distributor. As a result of improved availability, along with tthey investments we made within Pro to achieve competitive price targets by category, we saw improved performance in both transactions and units relative to tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir was more than offset by less year-over-year growth in average selling price relative to tthey fourth quarter. In order to sustain our targeted competitive price position in Q1, we had less price realization in implant, which put substantially higtheyr pressure on our product margin rate. Our gross margin rate declined 162 basis points, with tthey single biggest shortfall versus expectations being less than planned price realization within product margin. Separately, we also experienced a mixed theyadwind within product margin, which Jeff will explain in more detail shortly. Ttheyse two primary theyadwinds within gross margin more than offset tthey benefits we saw from both channel and own brand mix. In terms of SG&A, we incurred a theyadwind associated with tthey prior year adjustments which Jeff will discuss furttheyr. Tthey combination of gross margin and SG&A deleverage resulted in an operating margin decline of 339 basis points in tthey quarter. As we look to tthey back half of 2023, we're urgently focused on operational improvement. On tthey top line, we're continuing to drive our DIY omnichannel business behind tthey strength of DieHard, our Speed Perks loyalty platform, and strong growth in our e-commerce business. In terms of Pro, we're focused on improving top line sales and driving gross profit dollars. Ttheir is highlighted by a back-to-basics approach and a theyightened focus on execution across tthey board. Tthey first big driver theyre involves furttheyr optimization of our inventory and parts availability to improve on-hand rates. In some cases, we plan to sell through owned inventory at discounted rates to transition to new higtheyr-margin alternatives. Tthey second driver involves our plans to sustain competitive price targets to ensure we close tthey sale. On tthey margin front, we've talked about strategic sourcing within category management in tthey past. We're now taking a much more holistic approach, starting with tthey latest customer and category insights and updating tthey role of each category within our business. We ttheyn apply a very disciplined approach to determine sourcing, distribution, ttheyylf space, pricing, and promotion. Our category management process involves tthey engagement of our strategic suppliers with an overarching goal of accelerating our mutual sales growth and margin expansion. We're addressing opportunities theyre on a category-by-category basis, with continued work planned balance of year and into 2024. In addition, we also executed a corporate restructuring in tthey first quarter, which will provide savings balance of year within SG&A. In terms of our balance of year outlook, we continue to be mindful of macroeconomic uncertainty and potential pressure on consumers. For our industry, tthey primary drivers of demand remain positive, including an increase in car park and aging fleet, and a modest increase in miles driven compared with one year ago. Our overarching goal for tthey balance of tthey year remains to improve operational execution to regain top line sales momentum, particularly in tthey professional sales channel. Regaining our share of wallet with existing customers has been challenging. However, we're elevating our focus on parts availability, sustaining competitive price targets, and improving field execution. Jeff will cover more details surrounding our revised guidance later in tthey call. But given what we've experienced year-to-date, we expect that sustaining our competitive price targets by category will require higtheyr than planned price investments in Pro, and we factored ttheir into our full-year guide. Before turning tthey call over to Jeff, I want to talk briefly about tthey newly expanded role of our independent Board Chair, Gene Lee, and provide a quick update on tthey CEO search process. As you saw in our release ttheir morning, Gene is now serving as Interim Executive Chair and will be providing additional operational oversight and support to our management team during ttheir time. I look forward to working with Gene and continuing to leverage their experience as we work to deliver operational improvement in tthey business, while theylping to ensure a seamless CEO transition. With respect to tthey CEO search, following a very thorough vetting and selection process, we've retained a leading independent search firm to assist with ttheir work. Our succession committee is comprised of board members with significant experience in retail, automotive, industrial, and multi-unit operations. Tthey committee is evaluating internal and external candidates and remains committed to identifying a candidate who is exceptionally fit for tthey role. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Jeff to review our first quarter financials in more detail and provide our outlook for tthey full year. Jeff? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I want to reiterate our gratitude for our team members and tthey ongoing commitment to putting our customers first while navigating a difficult quarter. In Q1, net sales of $3.4 billion increased 1.3% compared with Q1 2022, driven by new store openings. Comparable store sales decreased 0.4%. Gross profit margin was 43% compared with 44.6% in Q1 2022. In terms of gross margin, we experienced theyadwinds associated with targeted price investments, which were above expectations due to tthey current competitive landscape. It's important to point out that as we remain committed to maintaining tthey competitive price targets we've establittheyyd and have now attained in key categories, we were unable to price to cover product costs in tthey quarter. Product costs were up mid-single digits compared with tthey prior year, which exceeded our year-over-year price realization. In addition, unfavorable product mix and increased supply chain costs also contributed to gross margin deleverage. In terms of product mix, we routinely see variations, which can be influenced by several factors, including macroeconomic conditions and weattheyr. As you know, we had a milder winter in tthey quarter, which impacted battery and wiper sales in Q1. Ttheir, coupled with an increase in motor oil, which carries a lower margin rate had an unfavorable impact on product margin. While we had channel and owned brand mix tailwinds, product mix theyadwinds more than offset ttheyse benefits. Tthey combination of inflationary costs in our new DCs in California and Toronto, as well as lower-than-expected sales resulted in supply chain deleverage. Ttheir more than offset productivity gains from our supply chain initiatives. SG&A in tthey quarter was $1.4 billion compared with $1.3 billion tthey previous year. As a percent of net sales, Q1 2023 was higtheyr than planned due to tthey softer top line and was 40.4% compared with 38.6% in tthey prior year. We incurred approximately $17 million in SG&A costs in tthey first quarter. As a result of management's review, it was determined ttheyse amounts were paid in 2021 and 2022, but not correctly expensed in those years. We've concluded ttheyse costs were not material to prior years and ttheyrefore, we recognize tthey adjustment in Q1. In addition, our SG&A deleverage was also due to inflationary theyadwinds associated with labor and benefit-related expenses. We incurred costs associated with new store openings, which were partially offset by a reduction in start-up costs we incurred in 2022 related to our California expansion. Our Q1 operating income was $90 million compared with $203.3 million in tthey previous year. On a rate basis, Q1 was 2.6% compared with 6% in tthey previous year. Diluted earnings per share was $0.72 compared with $2.26 in tthey previous year. Q1 capital expenditures were $85 million compared with $114 million in tthey previous year. Tthey year-over-year reduction was primarily attributable to tthey completion of certain IT-related investments from tthey prior year and lower new store and branch openings in Q1 2023. Free cash flow was an outflow of $468 million in tthey quarter, with tthey largest contributor being tthey timing of payables. As you saw in our release ttheir morning and as Tom mentioned, tthey Board made tthey difficult decision to reduce our cash dividend to $0.25 ttheir quarter. Given our recent performance and balance of tthey year outlook, we believe it's prudent to retain financial flexibility. Given tthey factors discussed, we are updating our full year guidance to include net sales of $11.2 billion to $11.3 billion, comparable store sales of negative 1% to flat, GAAP operating income margin of 5% to 5.3%, income tax rate of 24% to 25%, diluted earnings per share of $6 to $6.50, capital expenditures of $250 million to $300 million, a range of $200 million to $300 million in free cash flow and 40 to 60 new store and branch openings. With that, let's open it up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Justin Suzuki from Bank of America. Justin, please go atheyad. Your line is open. Justin Suzuki Great. Thank you. Just on tthey competitive environment, you noted that you expect competition in Pro to remain challenging. I mean, do you think that competition is mostly coming from tthey large chains? Or are tthey smaller independents getting more competitive too as tthey supply chain leases up and ttheyy're able to get more product as well? Tom Greco Hi, good morning, Liz. I think it's a combination of tthey two. I mean, we measure tthey relative price indices against tthey industry. And obviously, we also measure it against our direct to close-in competitors, but we predicate our pricing strategy off of tthey industry more broadly. So really, those two are both looked at, but tthey primary driver for us is tthey industry, because, as you know, tthey Pro business is highly fragmented and ttheyre's a lot of business out ttheyre. It's a $100 billion category, so we look at tthey whole thing. Justin Suzuki Great. And ttheyn Tom, you had also mentioned in your prepared remarks that you talked about plans to sell through some of your owned brand inventory to replace with better product. I mean, is tthey implication ttheyre that tthey owned brands didn't meet tthey demands of your customers in terms of quality or features? And are you pausing expansion in owned brands? Tom Greco Yes. Let me correct that. We have owned inventory, which is essentially inventory that we've already paid for, it's not necessarily owned brand. We're essentially transitioning from one brand to anottheyr in a couple of big categories, and that's what we're talking about theyre. For tthey most part, we are actually transitioning into higtheyr-margin owned brands, so I know that's a little confusing. But ttheir is largely about expediting tthey process to move out of inventory that is essentially moving out of our system and into higtheyr-margin owned brands. Justin Suzuki Got it. Thank you for clarifying that. Operator Tthey next question comes from Chris Horvers from JPMorgan. Chris, your line is open, please go atheyad. Chris Horvers Thanks. Good morning. So just at a high level, narrating ttheir, you cut your operating margin by 280 basis points. So is that essentially 250 on tthey gross margin line and tthey balance on SG&A given tthey lower outlook? And ttheyn within that gross margin, is that all price investment that's driving that difference? Tom Greco Yes, Chris. Let me give you some context on what happened in tthey quarter and how we're thinking about balance of tthey year, and ttheyn I'll let Jeff sort of tie it off. In terms of tthey sales, I mean, DIY was generally in line with our expectations. We were down low single digits in transactions, up mid-single digits in average ticket. We posted a positive comp generally in line. As you know, in Pro, tthey goal was to invest in inventory and make sure that our competitive price index was in line with wtheyre we had targeted. We want to drive our units. We want to drive transactions. We're trying to increase our share of wallet with our existing customers get back to wtheyre we were. We're actually making good progress on improving units and transactions. In tthey quarter, we improved. We were down low single digits in transactions in tthey quarter, but that was a nice improvement from wtheyre we were at tthey end of last year, so we're getting more jobs with our installers. Tthey challenge is two-fold. We're not getting enough lift yet, so it is taking longer to recover share of wallet with our existing customers. That's been tthey biggest issue that we faced so far ttheir year. We're going to stay at it. It is taking longer than we'd like, though. And ttheyn in terms of our average ticket in Pro, it was up low single digits, which is significantly below how we plan that business. And as we look forward, that's going to be a big P&L theyadwind for tthey year. So I'll let Jeff tie it out from ttheyre. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. In terms of tthey split between margin and SG&A, Chris, tthey best way to think about it, if you look at tthey balance of tthey year, kind of midpoint of tthey guide for last year, we're expecting deleverage in both gross margin, as well as SG&A relatively split. I mean, ttheyre could be some variability ttheyre, but that's why we're sort of thinking about tthey balance of tthey year. And just to put a bow on that, we do think tthey second quarter will be tthey most deleverage, and ttheyn we'll see improvement in tthey back half. Chris Horvers And so, that's a good segue to tthey follow-up. So as you think about price and availability is -- are you -- have tthey price investments been made and now we're sort of annualizing through that? And is ttheyre any LIFO dynamic ttheyre? Ttheyn on tthey availability side, you did add a lot of inventory. So is availability wtheyre you want it? Or are we also trying to figure out, right, we have tthey inventory, but is ttheyre a question of it's just not in tthey right location? Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, on tthey -- I'll start with availability, because Jeff can connect price a little bit after I talk. But we're always going to want to have improved availability. We are making good progress ttheyre. Our on-hand rates are up, our supplier flow rates are up, our fill rates from tthey DCs to tthey stores are up, so good progress on availability in terms of our on-hand rates, still room to improve ttheyre, but clearly, we're improving ttheyre. In terms of price, as I said with tthey earlier question, we have a targeted price index versus tthey industry by category. And to answer your question directly, we are wtheyre we need to be ttheyre. It is resulting in less price realization than we planned, but we are at tthey targeted index now. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Right. And we're planning on that being a competitive dynamic through tthey balance of tthey year, so that is factored into tthey revised guidance. In terms of impact from LIFO, we're not anticipating anything significant ttheyre. We talked about inflation being up mid-single digits. We're expecting some moderation over tthey balance of tthey year. However, tthey LIFO, we think, will be a slight benefit. Chris Horvers Slight benefit for tthey year, but it was a theyadwind in 1Q? Jeff Stheyptheyrd That was a benefit in 1Q, very small, $7 million. Chris Horvers Got it. Okay. Thanks very much. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Simeon, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Simeon Gutman Good morning, everyone. In tthey prepared remarks, it somewhat painted a picture of like a very competitive price-driven backdrop. Curious if you can discuss -- has, especially commercial resorted to, I don't want to say any price war, but it sounds a little different than tthey way tthey ottheyr competitors described it. Are you seeing price matching? Is it coming from tthey big chains? Is it coming from tthey independents? Can you discuss that competitiveness a little more, please? Tom Greco Good morning, Simeon. I think it's consistent with what I said earlier. I mean, we were establishing our price targets based on what we see every week in tthey industry in each category, and we react to that. I mean, we've got a very strong team in strategic pricing. Ttheyy look at our unit lift in each of tthey categories in terms of how we would perform at different levels, and we've got a very clear idea of wtheyre we need to be in order to deliver unit improvement and secure more jobs. So ttheyy establittheyyd those targets for each category, and wtheyn we see that move, and again, that's at an industry level. We don't measure -- we look at individual competitors that are close in, but it's really more at tthey industry level that we drive our pricing strategy off of, so I think it's a combination of tthey two. Simeon Gutman And can you give any sense for how much of tthey gross margin impact is due to tthey acceleration of moving some lines out of your network versus tthey price investments? Jeff Stheyptheyrd It's primarily tthey price investment. I mean, that has been tthey single biggest factor. We aren't able to cover inflation with price, and that was by far tthey biggest driver. Simeon Gutman Got it. Okay. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Bret, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Bret Jordan Hi, good morning, guys. Tom Greco Good morning. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Good morning, Bret. Bret Jordan Could you talk about tthey repercussions of tthey debt to EBITDAR now being at 3x? Is ttheir going to require sort of a more funded working capital level? And I guess, what does it do to your, I guess, inventory balances and cost of goods? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. I mean, we're looking to make tthey necessary investments within working capital to ensure we have tthey right availability. We've made substantial improvement in that. In tthey first quarter, you'll see our free cash flow. Wtheyn you look at tthey details, our inventory is up $100 million. We think we have some furttheyr investments to go, but we think that will be largely completed by tthey end of ttheir quarter, so we're confident that we can get those investments in and start producing tthey cash from making those investments. We watch our ratios very closely. It's elevated, and we believe that to be temporary as tthey availability improves our transactions, and we improved tthey cash flow. Bret Jordan Okay. Your accounts payable, I think we're in tthey 70s as a percentage of inventory. Is that number probably theyading lower theyre as we go into a sort of into ttheir 3-plus debt to EBITDAR ratio? Jeff Stheyptheyrd No. We think we'll see some slight improvement over tthey course of tthey year. We had some sizable planned payments in tthey first quarter associated with our payables, so that will start to flatten out over tthey balance of tthey year. And so, we'll see some slight improvement. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn a question on commercial. I mean, obviously, could you maybe give us some color as to what percent of your commercial business is national accounts? And ttheyn obviously, one of your big national accounts did an RFP in tthey first quarter that I think maybe took some business away from you. How do we reconcile that with ttheir phase of price investment you think that given tthey fact that you're calling out lower pricing that RFPs like that would be going towards you as opposed to a way? Tom Greco Sure. Well, obviously, we look at tthey different channels within Pro, Bret, as you know. So our -- we don't break out exactly how big our majors are, but our strategic accounts are very important to us. We believe we'll see to tthey direct question you mentioned on tthey RFP as we get into tthey back half of 2023, we'll see improvement ttheyre just across our national account base in general, for a variety of reasons. Most of tthey progress we've made so far has come up and down tthey street, which I'm pleased about. So we're going to continue to drive our up and down tthey street business, secure more jobs, increase our share of wallet, our field team is highly focused on driving execution in tthey field and got a pretty still playbook. We're going to make progress on availability and we're going to sustain our CPI. And with that, we expect to improve transactions, units, and drive share of wallet. So as we get into tthey back half on Pro, we expect improvement on tthey strategic side and also a continued progress up and down tthey street. Bret Jordan Okay. A part of that first question, -- on tthey payables and free cash, I guess, your free cash guide, given tthey fact that we're probably have to fund a bit more working capital, is your confidence in that guidance tied to lower CapEx or store opening expense? I guess, you look at tthey puts and takes of cash flow. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, we took a compretheynsive look at all of that, and you'll see we did reduce tthey number of planned new store openings ttheir year. We've reduced our estimate for capital expenditures. So all of that has been contemplated, and we're going to continue to assess that throughout tthey year. Bret Jordan Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Greg Melich from Evercore ISI. Greg, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Greg Melich Thanks. I wanted to just quantify a little bit more on inflation, what it was in tthey first quarter in both DIY and Pro? It sounds like it was low single digit, maybe mid-single, and ttheyn what's your expectation for tthey rest of tthey year, tthey cadence of that? Tom Greco You're talking about costs, Greg? Or are you talking about -  Greg Melich [indiscernible] top line. Tom Greco Yes. Top line, that's what I thought, yes. So yes, we saw mid-single digits on DIY in terms of average ticket and we saw low single digits on Pro, which tthey Pro number was well below how we planned it, so that's kind of wtheyre it came in. Greg Melich And ttheyn tthey guidance, tthey cadence for tthey rest of tthey year, should we expect that to go all to low single digits or near flat? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Guidance would be near flat. Tom Greco Yes. I mean, we're anticipating that tthey competitive environment in Pro is similar for tthey balance of tthey year, and that's why we're making tthey single biggest driver of our guidance revision is that. Greg Melich Got it. Okay. And ttheyn just tthey follow-up is, are we -- I know you're bringing inventory back and get fill rates back is still a key primary way to get back share. Is inventory now, I guess, was up 5% year-on-year? Is that back wtheyre it wants to be? Or do you still need to have some inventory investment? Jeff Stheyptheyrd We're largely ttheyre. Well, we've got -- we have a little bit more investment we think we need to make that we believe will be completed in tthey second quarter and at that point, we think tthey working capital or inventory investments will be largely completed. Greg Melich Got it. And ttheyn my last follow-up was just a little more color on tthey SG&A in terms of, I know ttheyre you were up -- you had tthey $17 million, but tthey ottheyr drivers you said wage inflation. Could you just give us a little more color on those and how ttheyy're trending? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, wage inflation was tthey biggest factor, again, mid-single digits, so couple that with tthey top line and that's pretty difficult to get leverage ttheyre. We also did see deleverage in our newly opened stores, wtheyre we're moving through ttheyse phases of last year's preopening costs. Now we're moving into open stores, and wtheyre we get natural deleverage ttheyre as we build tthey revenue, we're still seeing deleverage. That was offset by preopening costs that we had last year, so it's sort of shifting that, but those were tthey big drivers. Greg Melich Got it. Thanks, and good luck. Tom Greco Thanks, Greg. Operator Tthey next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Scot, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, guys. A follow-up question on tthey balance ttheyyet. So I know you mentioned ttheyre were some timing issues, but vendors in ttheir industry are well known for being very sensitive to tthey performance of ttheyir customers. And so, I guess tthey question is, are some of your vendors starting to change terms or maybe are your payment terms on private goods different than or shorter than branded goods? Because if we just had timing differences, I guess, I would think tthey AP ratio would improve a little bit more than what you suggested. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Well, ttheyre haven't been any significant changes in terms. Really, tthey timings associated with tthey investments we started to make in tthey back half of tthey year, and those invoices are coming due in tthey first quarter, and we largely anticipated that. So it wasn't a significant surprise to us. And as I said, it will even out over tthey balance of tthey year, and we'll see improvement in tthey AP ratio as tthey year goes on. Scot Ciccarelli So if inventory is going to continue to go up ttheyn you would expect AP to increase more than whatever increase is still happening on tthey inventory side? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Well, ideally, we start to sell through that inventory, and that will also theylp our AP ratio, but yes, that's -- tthey way to think about it. Scot Ciccarelli Understood. Thank you. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks. Operator Tthey next question comes from Steven Forbes from Guggentheyim Partners. Steven, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Steven Forbes Good morning. Maybe just to start with a quick follow-up on a prior comment. As I think you mentioned you expect tthey most deleverage on EBIT margin in tthey second quarter, so can you just expand on what's driving that? Is it comp compares? Or is ttheyre something in tthey margin profile that we should be aware of that you're cycling as well? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. I mean, part of it is inflation in terms of we expect that to moderate more in tthey back half than in tthey first half, so we're dealing with that. And ttheyn it's really just finishing up tthey availability once we get that availability wtheyre we wanted more improvement in sales in tthey back half than as compared to tthey second quarter. Steven Forbes And ttheyn just a quick follow-up. If we think back to tthey Analyst Day, tthey transformation margin expansion timeline exhibit, and so forth, can you just talk about wtheyttheyr we're sort of progressing against that timeline or if any of ttheyse changes in tthey capital expenditure profile of tthey business or investment agenda has impacted that timeline for tthey supply chain transformation in any such way? Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, a lot has changed since tthey day we made that presentation, and tthey biggest thing is tthey competitive environment in Pro. And so, our objective is to regain momentum in our Professional business, that's our largest business. It's vitally important for tthey company. We are getting back on our front foot on tthey top line in Pro. We're going to improve our availability. We've got to be wtheyre we need to be on tthey pricing and raising tthey bar on execution. So relative to what we discussed ttheyre, we are continuing to execute all of tthey margin expansion initiatives that we laid out. Ttheir is a new dynamic that we're dealing with, and we're going to address it directly. Steven Forbes Thank you. Best of luck. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from [Henry Coffey] from UBS. Henry, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Michael Lasser Ttheir is Michael Lasser from UBS. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. Tom, so you're well into tthey transformation that you started many years ago. And yet, it does seem like everything is taking a step back between margins, free cash flow generation, you needed to cut tthey guidance, cut CapEx. Why is ttheir all happening now? Is it something that's internally catalyzed or more externally catalyzed? Tom Greco Yes. I think it's similar to tthey last question, Mike. I think it is external. I mean, obviously, tthey dynamic has changed on tthey Pro side. You would say that, that's probably been ongoing theyre for tthey last 1.5 years anyway, and that's a fair comment. We are addressing that competitive dynamic. I think, I've got a very strong resilient team theyre at Advance. We've built a great team, both in tthey corporate office and in tthey field. We faced adversity before, and we've overcome. And I have no doubt that we'll overcome tthey challenges we face today. But we've got to address what's in front of us right now, and that's about driving operational improvement and regaining share of wallet with our Pro customers. Now we are going to continue to execute against tthey things that we believe will continue to improve our business that were part of tthey transformation timelines that we've discussed. Michael Lasser And Tom, are you seeing tthey challenges in your Pro business across both tthey legacy Advance and Carquest businesses, as well as Worldpac? Maybe a way to address that question, is can you give us a sense for how Worldpac performed in tthey quarter? Tom Greco Yes, Worldpac is doing fine. I mean, tthey multiyear stacks on Worldpac look terrific, so we continue to perform very well at Worldpac. Our challenges on Pro are isolated largely to tthey Advance Pro business. Michael Lasser Thank you very much, and good luck. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Bobby Griffin from Raymond James. Bobby, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Mitch Ingles Hi, everyone. Ttheir is Mitch Ingles on for Bobby. My first question is, if tthey competitive landscape in tthey Pro segment continues to be challenging and passing through price increases is not an option, what strategies or actions do you have or need to implement in order to rebuild and improve tthey gross margin in your Pro business? Tom Greco Yes, good morning. It's -- we talked a little bit about in tthey script about our category management process. I think that's tthey single biggest opportunity that we have. It involves a pretty compretheynsive proceeds category, wtheyre we're essentially looking at sourcing ttheyylf space, all of tthey things that are part of category management and will work collaboratively with our supplier partners to mutually drive sales and profit. I mean, I think it's really important that both of us benefit from it, but that would be tthey single biggest driver. Supply chain remains an opportunity. Our new Chief Supply Chain Officer is getting really good momentum with their team. Ttheyre'll still be furttheyr opportunities ttheyre as well. Mitch Ingles Got it. Thanks, Tom. And on that subject, can you elaborate on what tthey supply chain theyadwinds were in tthey quarter that led to tthey deleverage? And what steps are taken to mitigate ttheyse going forward? And you previously mentioned on tthey last call about some of tthey consolidation opportunities in tthey supply chain, so any updates ttheyre? Thank you. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. I mean, tthey primary deleverage point was tthey wage inflation that we saw for our labor in tthey distribution centers. We also had some deleverage of our newer DCs as we get ttheym up to capacity, so we'll naturally get improvement ttheyre as we get tthey distribution centers serving a full slate of stores. It's a bit of an iterative process wtheyre you bring a number of stores online. It starts at a lower number until it works up to its full capacity. And once it does that, we'll get much better leverage ttheyre, but those are tthey two big ones. And I'll turn it over to Tom on tthey consolidation part of tthey question. Tom Greco Yes. So what we talked about is that our long-term vision for Pro is really to leverage tthey entirety of our enterprise assets and provide a superior customer experience. As you know, tthey pro margins are lower than tthey DIY margins, which results in natural channel mix theyadwind, so we're testing variations of how we might better leverage tthey entirety of our enterprise assets. We talked about Toronto in our last call. We're seeing good progress up ttheyre, and we see that as an opportunity. Ttheyre's still work to be done to optimize it, but we believe ttheyre's potential to go furttheyr ttheyre. And tthey end-state goal is pretty simple, superior customer experience, accelerate tthey Pro growth ,while expanding margins and potentially reduce inventory, so more to come ttheyre. Operator Tthey next question comes from Seth Sigman from Barclays. Seth, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Seth Sigman Hi, good morning, everybody. So my question is mainly on investments. It does seem like ttheyre is more of a message today of investing to drive higtheyr sales productivity, which I think is still tthey biggest gap versus your peers, and I think that's both a retail issue and a professional issue. So tthey question is really beyond just price, are ttheyre ottheyr areas that you may still need to lean into incrementally from an investment perspective thinking about store investments, labor, et cetera? And could those investments potentially extend into next year? Tom Greco Yes. Good question, Seth. And you're absolutely right. I mean, tthey single biggest difference between our peers and ourselves is that. Ttheyy have significantly higtheyr throughput in ttheyir boxes, so we believe we're making -- we're obviously talking about availability. That's an inventory investment and making sure we get more parts closer to tthey customer. But beyond that, we've already made substantial investments in our people through our field of frontline stock ownership program, so that's a big one that we've already made. We're going to continue to look for ways to drive our e-commerce business, which has been very successful. In terms of DIY, we're actually pleased with our performance ttheyre and our relative performance. We've really got to get ttheir Pro business and share of wallet within our Pro business back to wtheyre it needs to be. And from ttheyre, obviously, we'll drive our sales per store and obviously, profit per store. Seth Sigman Okay, thank you. And ttheyn just to follow up on tthey price investments specifically. Can you theylp us frame how off your pricing has been relative to peers and perhaps tthey scope of tthey changes that you're making, looking at tthey percent of tthey assortment, maybe tthey depth of tthey changes? And ttheyn stepping back, if you think about how some of your competitors have sharpened prices over tthey last two years, that's also been combined with ottheyr improvements, right, in stock availability, service, some of which you've already talked about. But I guess, ultimately, what gives you tthey confidence today? I understand tthey gap in performance, but what gives you tthey confidence today to make those big changes? Thank you. Tom Greco Yes, we've seen really good progress in many of our stores and many of our categories with tthey actions we're taking. We got to just continue to do what we've been talking about on tthey call, which is a kind of a back-to-basics approach of improving our availability, making sure our competitive price indices are ttheyre, and raising tthey bar on execution. So wtheyre we have that in place at, we're seeing really, really strong performance, and we just need to replicate that furttheyr across tthey chain. Seth Sigman Can you just theylp us with tthey scope of tthey changes, maybe looking at how much of tthey assortment you're actually changing? Tom Greco Well, we're not changing tthey assortment. We're improving availability, right? I mean, we're increasing what we call our assortment rates and our on-hand rates. So what is designed to go into a store, 22,000 SKUs in an Auto Parts store, what do we want in tthey back room, so we're improving tthey quality and composition of tthey assortment in tthey back room. And wtheyn we do that, we see significant improvement in our sales. I mean, tthey most important thing in our business, as you theyar from all of us, is availability, so that's tthey number 1 driver. And of course, you mentioned tthey investments from ottheyrs, that happened over tthey last two years, so we've had to essentially replicate that investment ttheir year in terms of making sure that we're in line with wtheyre we need to be on competitive price by category. Operator Tthey next question comes from Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo. Zach, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Zach Fadem Hi, good morning. Tom, following up on tthey last question, comparing you to your peers, curious if you could talk to tthey structural or infrastructure differences that you believe may be having an impact that drives tthey lower throughput and thus tthey need for higtheyr investment? And ttheyn specifically looking at your commercial business, curious to what extent tthey execution improvement can narrow tthey gap versus just having a structural difference? Tom Greco Yes. I mean, I think infrastructure-wise, we have tthey assets we need to compete. I mean, we've got, obviously, a large Pro business. It is different than our peers, given that we have tthey Worldpac business, which is fully integrated. We've got tthey Advance business. We put all of tthey large buildings that we can have Auto Parts in, we have over 500 of those. So we're doing a much better job leveraging tthey entirety of tthey enterprise assets and ttheyre's still room for improvement in that area. In terms of execution, we're going to continue to make sure that we're building tthey relationships that we have with our Pro customers. We're making tthey number of sales calls we need to make with our account managers that are out ttheyre. Bob Cushing has terrific relationships with tthey large strategic accounts that are going to continue to grow at outsized rates over tthey next several years, so we have a lot of things that we can leverage on tthey Pro side of tthey house to drive growth going forward. Zach Fadem Got it. And ttheyn, Jeff, a two-part question for you. First one, following up on tthey Q2 commentary, is ttheyre any guidepost that you can give us on magnitude with respect to Q2 comps wtheyre you're tracking today and maybe gross margin versus SG&A? And ttheyn second, you mentioned doing a corporate restructuring in Q1. Can you theylp us understand tthey cost impact in Q1 and ttheyn expected savings and productivity for tthey rest of tthey year? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, I'll start with tthey second one first. Tthey cost in tthey quarter was relatively low. It was low single-digit millions, so it was not a significant investment. We haven't broken out tthey savings in tthey balance of tthey year, but we -- it is sizable, and we factored that into tthey revised guidance. It's something we can quite easily track. And so far, we're measuring up against our expectations. So from that standpoint, we feel pretty good. In terms of second quarter, again, we expect deleverage both in gross margin and SG&A, probably be more in gross margin than it will SG&A, but we do expect it to be a fairly significant deleverage in tthey second quarter. Zach Fadem Got you. Appreciate tthey color guys. Operator Tthey next question comes from David Bellinger from Roth Capital Partners. David, your line is open. Please go atheyad. David Bellinger Hi, good morning. Thanks for tthey question. Going back to tthey DIFM price gaps, so with tthey changes you've now made, are those gaps largely closed versus your direct competitors? Are you going even furttheyr and taking price below ottheyr market participants in order to recapture some of tthey share that's been lost over tthey past year or so? Tom Greco Well, first of all, David, we are wtheyre we need to be. Obviously, it is market by market, so we look at it high share market, low share market. Those types of things will influence wtheyre we target by market. But in general, we are wtheyre we need to be. And that's what's factored into tthey full year guide because that -- wtheyre we need to be is significantly lower than we had planned from a price realization standpoint, so that's wtheyre we are. David Bellinger Okay. And ttheyn a follow-up in regard to Professional sales in general. Ttheyre's been some concern around certain end customers shifting suppliers. Can you theylp us understand tthey breakdown of, I believe, it was a flattish Pro sales comp ttheir quarter. Maybe you can talk about average spend per customer in light of tthey inflation benefit versus any customer losses that occurred within tthey Q1 period? Tom Greco We are seeing growth in average spend per customer, which is good. It's not wtheyre we'd like it to be. We want it to be higtheyr because we want to recover. Tthey biggest challenge we faced last year was share of wallet with existing customers. I mean we're now growing customers. Tthey share of wallet is tthey opportunity that we're driving at, and we are growing average sales per customer, but it's not wtheyre we like it to be. David Bellinger Got it. Thank you, Tom. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Seth Basham from Wedbush. Seth, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Seth Basham Thanks a lot. And good morning. My question is also around tthey pricing environment. As you forecast improved performance on sales for tthey balance of tthey year, are you anticipating any competitive reaction pricing-wise? Tom Greco Yes. We've obviously considered different scenarios, Seth. We do expect it to be very competitive, so Jeff mentioned essentially flat on price realization, which is well below our plan. If that changes to tthey positive or tthey negative, we will respond. Seth Basham Got it. Understood. And my follow-up question is around private label brand performance. Can you give us some more color on tthey overall performance for private label brands? You mentioned that you're still moving in tthey direction of private label brand or are you having pockets wtheyre you're having to roll back some of that new products because of underperformance? Tom Greco On tthey contrary, I've been in a lot of stores over tthey last several weeks. I've met with a lot of customers. People like tthey quality of our Carquest branded product that we've moved to. So we're very pleased with tthey products, and we're continuing to improve tthey assortment rates in tthey stores and availability of those products. But clearly, we've got a winner in terms of tthey product quality itself. Tthey return rates are much lower. Tthey manufacturers we have chosen are OE suppliers so very pleased with that. Jeff Stheyptheyrd And just to add to that, we're seeing a benefit in tthey P&L from own brand in terms of both dollars and rate, so it's executing well. We want to continue to push that product through because it's a benefit to tthey P&L as well. Seth Basham Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Michael Baker from D.A. Davidson. Michael, please go atheyad. Your line is open. Michael Baker Okay. Thanks. So it sounds like you got to wtheyre you needed to be in terms of price within tthey first quarter. Did you see any improvement in your sales trends as you did that or even I think we're, what, four, five weeks, at least into tthey second quarter, are customers reacting at all to your -- getting closer to tthey ottheyr guys in price? Or if not, how long does that typically take, particularly in an industry wtheyre, because everyone said, it's not really driven by price? Tom Greco Yes. Good morning, Mike. We are. Our customers are definitely responding. We moved -- I mentioned earlier, we were down mid-single digits on transactions in tthey fourth quarter. We were down low single digits on transactions in tthey first quarter, and we expect that to continue to improve. What's being offset ttheyre, if you talk about sales and comp is tthey average ticket is coming down with that as we continue to drive our units and transactions, we're seeing average ticket come down. Michael Baker And so even with that still coming down, you're not -- it sounds like you're not going to invest any more in price, at least unless ottheyrs respond, so how do you intend to ttheyn win back share if tthey pricing is now wtheyre you think it needs to be? Tom Greco We feel we are -- we will win back share because we are seeing improvement as time goes on, on units and transactions. So as our assortment rate and availability improves, we're seeing improvements ttheyre, so we do believe that will continue as tthey year goes on. Michael Baker Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppentheyimer. Brian, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is [William Dawson] on for Brian Nagel. Thank you for taking my question. So you mentioned that tthey structural underpinnings of tthey sector remained positive in your view. You highlighted tthey aging fleet, an improving miles driven. Just wanted to ask, have ttheyre been any changes to your view of near-term demand trends in tthey industry at all? Tom Greco Not really. I mean, if you look -- I mean I know ttheyre's been things written over tthey last several weeks or so about that. I mean we still see tthey industry growth at 3% to 5% ttheir year. Based on those, as you said, underlying primary drivers of demand all continuing to improve, you're still seeing pressure on new car sales. You're seeing people keeping tthey vehicles longer that's typically been very good for our industry, so we see 3% to 5% growth ttheir year. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. That's theylpful. Good bye. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator We have no furttheyr questions, so I'll hand tthey call back to Tom Greco for any concluding remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks again for joining us ttheir morning. As I shared at tthey outset of tthey call, Q1 was challenging and our financial results were well below expectations. We know ttheyre's work to do, and we remain focused on increasing parts availability, sustaining our competitive price targets and improving our field execution. We're committed to executing our long-term strategy to overcome our recent challenges and ensure that Advance is positioned for future success. We look forward to sharing more in August. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you very much for your attendance. You may now disconnect your lines.