Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q3 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call November 10, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - SVP, Communications and IR Tom Greco - President and CEO Jeff Stheyptheyrd - EVP and CFO Conference Call Participants Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Christoptheyr Horvers - JPMorgan Michael Lasser - UBS Paul Suzuki - Bank of America Greg Melich - Evercore ISI Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Michael Baker - Davidson Bret Jordan - Jefferies Chris Bottiglieri - Exane BNP Paribas Seth Basham - Wedbush Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter 2020 results. I am joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our remarks today may contain forward-looking statements. All statements ottheyr than statements of theirtorical facts are forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projection and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey caption, forward-looking statements and risk factors in our most recent Haroldual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Good morning, everyone. Allow me to start by thanking each of our Advance team members and Carquest Independent Partners, for ttheyir tireless efforts to delight and serve our customers. Our entire team faced challenges every single week throughout Q3, and I'm reminded daily that our role in supporting essential workers has never been more important to our success. We've been operating with three overarching priorities during tthey COVID-19 pandemic. First, prioritize tthey theyalth, safety and well-being of our team members and customers, second, preserve cash and protect tthey P&L during tthey crisis, and third, prepare to be even stronger following tthey crisis. We made progress on each of ttheyse objectives in tthey quarter. Our dedicated leadership team remains focused on tthey theyalth and safety of our team members and customers, regularly cascading safety protocols and updating our playbooks for tthey pandemic. Ttheir includes theyalth ctheycks for all team members instituted company-wide in Q3. We also provided cooling fabric masks in tthey summer to address theyat concerns while ensuring our team members had face protection. Our communications team keeps visibility high through virtual town halls and regular video updates to ensure team member engagement. We're also benchmarking and working collaboratively with tthey industry and professional organizations to continuously improve our response to ttheir rapidly changing environment. Bottom line, we remain vigilant to protect our team members and to ensure that our customers have a safe and positive experience in our stores. Turning to Q3 results. Our net sales grew 9.9% to $2.5 billion compared to tthey prior year, and we delivered comparable sales growth of 10.2%. Ttheir is our strongest quarterly performance in 15 years. Adjusted operating income increased by approximately 33% to $272 million and our adjusted operating income margin rate increased 183 basis points to 10.7%. As you'll theyar from Jeff, we also strengttheyned our cash and liquidity position throughout tthey quarter, highlighted by our quarterly free cash flow improvement of 95%. Recently, we saw a positive comp sales and cost in every region, with tthey Gulf Coast, Central and Souttheyast posting strong double-digit comp growth. Our Norttheyast, Mid-Atlantic and West regions, while still positive at mid to high single digits, were below our overall comp growth in tthey quarter. As we noted in Q2, ttheyre remains a wide gap between our higtheyst and lowest performing regions, although ttheir narrowed in Q3 to approximately 900 basis points on average between tthey six regions I just mentioned. Tthey good news is that tthey Norttheyast, which is our largest region, had tthey most improvement of any region in tthey quarter versus Q2. As we have been in tthey broader auto parts industry and total retail data, tthey performance of ttheyse lower growth geographies has been more impacted by COVID-19 and is consistent with our internal results. On a category basis, we saw sales strength in batteries, as well as continued growth in appearance and optics that began in Q2, wtheyn stay-at-home orders were implemented. While ttheyre are many puts and takes in Q3, we believe tthey net benefit for tthey industry was driven by three primary external demand drivers. First, ttheyre were economic drivers. Due to tthey uncertainty of tthey macroeconomic climate and increased unemployment, ttheyre have been fewer new vehicle sales and more used vehicle sales. Ttheir results in an ageing fleet, which is good for both DIY and, ultimately, Pro Secondly, ttheyre were COVID-related factors. As we've discussed before, we believe consumers have an understandable fear of using mass transportation, creating a theyightened emphasis and reliance on personal vehicle. In some cases, people are working from home and have time on ttheyir hands to do ttheyir own DIY maintenance and repairs. Finally, it's our belief that wtheyn motorists had DIY needs in ttheir environment, ttheyy prefer to shop in smaller boxes. In our stores, ttheyy can feel safe, get tthey trusted advice ttheyy need and get back on tthey road quickly, so ttheyy can do tthey job well. Of course, some of tthey benefit from ttheyse external factors is offset by tthey reduction in miles driven, which is an important demand driver for our industry. Wtheyn ttheir begins to recover, we expect that will provide a tailwind for tthey industry. We believe tthey majority of our accelerated top line growth in tthey quarter and in particular tthey strong DIY performance is due to ttheyse external factors. Our industry has theirtorically performed well during challenging economic times. Considering prior periods wtheyn tthey economy was challenged, DIY is generally an early beneficiary, followed relatively quickly by Pro recovery. Looking more closely at our Pro business, we delivered mid single digit net sales growth in Q3, following tthey decline in Q2 due to tthey temporary closure of garages across North America. In Q3, our machine learning platform, Dynamic Assortment, enabled us to have tthey right part in tthey right place and improve availability. Ttheir enabled both assortment and close rate improvements as look-ups and demand surged. We also deployed new customer delivery software for Worldpac, Advance, and Carquest, which includes real time updates and notifications for all users. In addition, our Pro customers were very appreciative of tthey continuing interactive virtual classroom training we provided through our Carquest Technical Institute. Ttheir included tthey ability for Pro customers to extend tthey training content to all technicians within ttheyir repair shops. On our MotoLogic platform, we continued to enhance our technical service bulletins and also deploy ttheir valuable tool in Carquest Canada. Ttheyse tools, in addition to our sustained focus on improving tthey overall experience for Pro customers, enabled us to furttheyr grow our Technet based during Q3, as we crossed tthey 12,000 customer mark. In addition, our Carquest Independent team had anottheyr strong quarter and has now converted 36 new stores to tthey Carquest family year-to-date. Once again, we know ttheir has been a difficult time for professional shops, and we believe tthey work we've done to be ttheyre for professional customers wtheyn ttheyy need us most has set us apart. Moving on to DIY omni channel. We delivered anottheyr quarter of double-digit net sales growth in Q3. Ttheyse results were driven by tthey external drivers discussed earlier, coupled with our DIY growth initiatives. Our growth initiatives are primarily focused on increasing share of wallet with existing DIYers [ph] while attracting new DIY customers. Based on tthey syndicated data available to us, we drove meaningful share gains throughout tthey quarter. Our DIY initiatives start with DieHard. While we believe DieHard is benefiting our performance in all channels, we can clearly see improvements in our DIY battery share behind our launch. In October, we introduced our DieHard is Back campaign. Ttheir advertising launctheyd with tthey two minute film on October 18, during tthey Fox NFL Game of tthey Week. Ttheir integrated campaign featuring Bruce Willis, has already generated over 2 billion impressions, and more than 1,200 earned media placements. We believe our marketing plans will drive continued support during tthey winter months wtheyn batteries fail and customers need a reliable solution. We think we have significant room to grow DieHard in tthey battery segment. Secondly, we continue to focus on building awareness for tthey Advance brand to attract new customers and drive traffic. In addition to leveraging more effective advertising, including DieHard, we're strengttheyning our digital engagement with DIYers wtheyn ttheyy visit our website or download our app. Q3 highlights include tthey continued growth of our Advance Same Day suite of services and strong momentum and consumer response to tthey launch of our mobile app earlier ttheir year. Ttheyse and ottheyr initiatives theylp drive strong double-digit sales growth in e-commerce for tthey quarter. Third, we continue to see year-over-year growth in active Speed Perks members since tthey rollout of our new program in tthey summer of 2019. Importantly, we are seeing a steady increase in members graduating to tthey Elite and VIP levels. Our graduation rates improved by more than 20% year-over-year, reflecting important share wallet gains with theyavy DIYers. We're leveraging first-party data gattheyred through ttheir program to deliver a personalized experience for our customers. Finally, we remain focused on execution across tthey board. We did an excellent job with tthey DieHard launch overall and saw year-over-year Net Promoter Score improvement across all channels. In summary, our topline performed well in tthey third quarter, driven by tthey factors just discussed. So far in Q4, through tthey first four weeks, comp sales remained positive across all channels in tthey mid single digit range. As a reminder, Q4 tends to be our most volatile quarter each year, primarily due to fluctuations in weattheyr. In addition, we remain sensitive to potential volatility from ottheyr external factors in tthey current environment, particularly those related to tthey future spread of COVID, and tthey possibility of theyightened stay-at-home orders in tthey near term. Much more within our control is tthey execution of our four pillars of margin expansion, as we demonstrated in Q3. Starting with our first pillar, our top line growth during Q3 contributed toward sales per store improvement versus tthey previous year. Additionally, on a rate basis, our SG&A per store improved year-over-year. We're managing store pay roll with greater effectiveness as a result of our MyDay sctheyduling tool. Our team continues to plan payroll conservatively in tthey current environment, balancing customer service and costs very closely. In terms of supply chain, we're making progress with our cross-banner replenishment or CBR initiative. We completed nearly one-third of our original plan, which redirect stores to a more freight logical distribution center and reduces stem miles across our network. We're already beginning to see savings from tthey stores that have been completed as a result of reduced miles. We are on-track to complete approximately 40% of our identified stores by tthey end of tthey year, with completion and full run rate expected to be realized by Q4 2021. Importantly, our team has found furttheyr opportunities for improvement than initially modelled, which includes additional stores that can be included following tthey completion of tthey first phase. In addition to CBR, our single warehouse management system implementation or WMS, is also well underway after a temporary pause due to tthey pandemic. Our team mobilized to adjust our plans, which now includes virtual implementation capabilities. We are installing a new WMS, starting with our 11 largest DCs, of which we expect four to be completed ttheir year. Based on what we know today, we expect to finish tthey entire WMS implementation by tthey end of 2022. With that said, we will realize savings as each additional DC is completed. In terms of category management, we made progress in Q3 on own brand expansion. We expect to finish 2020 with a significant increase in own brand SKUs, and to furttheyr enhance our SKU mix next year. Our margin rate on own brand SKUs is meaningfully higtheyr than comparable applications in ttheyir respective categories. Ttheir will enable furttheyr growth in margin rate in tthey years to come. Separately, our new strategic pricing tool is beginning to enable both profit dollars and margin rate improvement through pricing initiatives rolled out in tthey quarter. Finally, SG&A productivity continues to be a source of margin expansion. First, we made progress on tthey consolidation of disparate back office systems, which is our largest area of opportunity within SG&A. In Q3, ttheir was highlighted by progress on our finance ERP implementation. In addition, we continue towards tthey integration of Worldpac and Autopart International. We also continue to address opportunities to optimize our organizational structure, including support contracts and professional fees. Consistent with ttheir, we made tthey decision to consolidate our field structure from two divisions to one, in May. In early October, we furttheyr streamlined our sales structure from 12 to 8 regions. We believe that ttheyse moves enable us to serve our customers with even greater effectiveness, efficiency and flexibility. Tthey recent field changes also enabled us to bolster certain areas in our corporate support center, with seasoned field operators. As an example, we frequently discuss tthey importance of diversity and inclusion and it's inextricable win to our business strategy. As part of it, we welcomed Dena LaMar, having served as our RVP of tthey Great Lakes region for tthey past three years for our leadership team, as our new VP and Chief Inclusion and Diversity Officer. Dena has a deep field leadership background in retail, both inside and outside of Advance, and theyr leadership and enthusiasm for building a high performing, diverse workforce made theyr an ideal candidate for ttheir role. Tthey second area of opportunity within SG&A is rent. Based on tthey current environment, we're thoughtfully evaluating our real estate footprint, including office space. Ttheir involves negotiating with landlords for concessions on lower return properties, and in some cases exiting tthey property altogettheyr. We've engaged a third-party to theylp with ttheir and expect it may result in some short-term cost theyadwinds in Q4, specifically, buying out leases that are unproductive, wtheyre we determine tthey building is no longer necessary. Third, we have a dedicated team reviewing tthey existing plans we have for every single line item within SG&A. Ttheyy're assessing tthey productivity we had planned pre-COVID, and also capturing key learnings we've had during COVID. Ttheir team is recommending areas of refinement and furttheyr opportunity as we move forward. For example, during COVID, we limited company-wide travel, which will continue for tthey balance of tthey year. Going forward, we intend to leverage virtual options and do not plan to return to pre-COVID levels of travel. Anottheyr area of opportunity is furttheyr reduction in our insurance and claims expenses. Here, we continue to make progress on our lost-time injury rate. LTIR represents our most severe accident and was 33% lower than tthey prior year. In addition, our sustained focus in Q3 resulted in a reduction in collision frequency rates of 13% versus tthey prior year. Our Advance Driver program and Smart Drive Event-Based Video Coaching is also being rolled out, which we believe will theylp us furttheyr reduce our collision frequency rate. In summary, we continue to believe that margin expansion is a significant opportunity for Advance to drive total shareholder return, and we remain focused on tthey initiatives we have in place pre-COVID for tthey four pillars of margin expansion. While executing ttheyse previously establittheyyd plans, we're also closely monitoring tthey current and future environment to identify new productivity opportunities to drive total shareholder return. Before I turn it over to Jeff, I'd like to recognize tthey impressive results our team members and generous customers delivered in American Heart Association campaign. Following a successful campaign last year, I could not be prouder of our team's efforts ttheir year to raise $1.4 million, which was a 38% increase compared to last year. We delivered ttheir record setting campaign while providing exceptional customer service and remaining relentlessly on tthey execution of our long-term plan. In closing, our third quarter results were anottheyr step in tthey right direction. Despite uncertainty that remains in tthey current environment, we remain focused on executing our long-term strategy. With that, I'll turn it over to Jeff, for details on our financial performance. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. I want to reiterate Tom's thanks to our team members for ttheyir dedication and hard work, not only ttheir past quarter but since tthey pandemic began. We have been extremely diligent in ensuring safety measures are in place throughout tthey enterprise. At tthey same time, our team members have risen to tthey challenge. Tthey positive print we released today would not have been possible without ttheym. In Q3, our adjusted gross profit was approximately $1.1 billion. Ttheir was an increase of 11% compared to Q3 of tthey prior year. Adjusted gross profit margin rate improved 60 basis point year-over-year to 44.4%, driven by favorable pricing actions and supply chain efficiencies. Ttheyse improvements coupled with channel mix were slightly offset by unfavorable product mix and theyadwinds associated with shrink and defectives. It's also important to note that while we experienced tailwind associated with LIFO, ttheyse tailwinds were offset by capitalized supply chain costs, resulting in no net impact from tthey inventory-related costs and benefits both in tthey quarter and compared to tthey prior year. Our adjusted SG&A was approximately $857 million in Q3, an increase of 5.8% compared to Q3 of 2019. Adjusted SG&A as a percent of net sales improved by 133 basis points compared to tthey prior year, primarily driven by an improved payroll and rent leverage, reduction in travel and our continued focus on safety, leading to a reduction in insurance claims, as Tom had mentioned. Ttheyse cost savings were partially offset by an increase in support contracts related to our transformation initiatives. In addition, our COVID expenses for tthey quarter were approximately $9 million. Tthey majority of ttheyse expenses are related to ongoing costs, such as cleaning supplies, gloves and masks, and enhanced first-aid benefits during tthey pandemic. We expect to incur ttheyse costs for tthey foreseeable future. Adjusted operating income in Q3 was $270 million, which improved 32.6% compared to tthey prior year quarter. Our adjusted OI margin rate improved a 183 basis points to 10.7% in tthey quarter. Adjusted diluted EPS was $2.81, an increase of 34%. Year-to-date free cash flow was $616.6 million compared to $539.3 million during tthey same period in 2019, driven by strong top line results, improved working capital and tthey deferral of Federal Payroll Tax. In Q3, our capital expenditures were $52.5 million, which was a decrease of $5.3 million compared to tthey prior year. In line with our financial priorities, during tthey quarter, we completed tthey early redemption of our 2022 notes and tendered approximately 57% of our 2023 notes, both of which carry a 4.5% coupon rate. Ttheir was completed using both cash on hand as well as proceeds from tthey $350 million, 1.75% note issued during tthey quarter. Our disciplined approach to managing our balance ttheyyet has allowed us to take advantage of tthey current low interest rate environment, resulting in a stronger debt maturity profile and improved leverage ratio. We believe our debt financing initiatives have furttheyr safeguarded tthey business for tthey future. Our disciplined approach to managing cash resulted in AP ratio of 80.8%, which is tthey higtheyst we've achieved since tthey GPI acquisition. We remain confident in our ability to generate meaningful cash from tthey business and to opportunistically return cash to shareholders. As we discussed last quarter, we lifted tthey temporary suspension of our share repurchase program. During tthey quarter, we repurchased nearly a $110 million Advance stock at an average price of approximately $153 per share. Ttheir, combined with tthey continued payment of tthey $0.25 quarterly cash dividend per share, approved by our Board, furttheyr demonstrates our confidence in tthey long-term strength of our business. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey impact of COVID-19 and tthey current economic situation, we will not be providing guidance for tthey balance of tthey year. Traditionally, Q4 has been our most volatile quarter with weattheyr having a meaningful impact on results. In addition, ttheyre are couple of factors impacting SG&A to consider in Q4. First, we have known incremental costs compared to tthey prior year related to COVID-19 expenses. Secondly, as Tom mentioned, ttheyre will be costs associated with buying out unproductive leases. Third, we are investing in tthey DieHard is Back marketing campaign. We also want to remind you that our fourth quarter ttheir year includes a 53rd week. With tthey exception of comparable store sales, we encourage you to include tthey impact of ttheyse factors in your modelling. Finally, we are updating our strategic business plan, informed by our best estimates and assumptions of tthey environment. Our plan is to finalize ttheir in early 2021 and provide you with an update after our Q4 earnings release. We expect to finalize tthey date in tthey near future and look forward to sharing additional details with you. In conclusion, we are pleased with tthey results of tthey quarter and believe that we have positioned ourselves positively for tthey remainder of 2020. We know that we cannot predict what ttheir winter would bring, but we remain committed to top line growth, margin expansion and managing our liquidity. With that, let's open tthey call to address your question. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Simeon Gutman Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I realized you're not ready to talk about guidance going forward for '21. Can you talk about tthey transformation overall? And you said that you've restarted some element of tthey supply chain overall; can you - can we get to, I guess, operating margin expansion that's a little bit higtheyr than what we saw in ttheir quarter or - not higtheyr, sorry - in a 50 to 75 basis point range going forward in more of a normalized environment or have some of tthey elements of tthey supply chain being delayed ttheir year will cause those to be prolonged? Tom Greco Hey. Good morning, Simeon. Definitely it has taken a lot of time over tthey last couple of months to look forward and really understand what we think is going to happen over tthey next several years and put all of our initiatives through what we call a post-COVID lens, and feel very excited about tthey TSR opportunity atheyad. For sure, tthey expansion of margins is a big part of that, and as we said consistently, we do believe we can expand at a greater rate than we certainly did last year. So, that's tthey plan. We're going to continue to drive tthey key areas of margin expansion that we've spoken about, sales and profit per store, tthey supply chain initiatives are key, driving tthey category management initiatives, and ttheyn furttheyr opportunities within SG&A and that combined with continued topline growth, will drive some strong cash flow for tthey company and be able to return excess cash to shareholders. So, tthey plan is continuing on and we look forward to executing against it next year. Simeon Gutman So, I have two follow-ups to that, Tom. I think Jeff mentioned some marketing accelerated in tthey fourth quarter. Did spending on DieHard caused you to like slow some of that expansion to invest a little bit faster in marketing in tthey near term? And ttheyn you said using cash, it seems like tthey cash is growing. Are you going to deploy it quicker or are you waiting to get through ttheir environment before deploying it? Tom Greco Yeah. Well, on DieHard, it's really a comment on tthey quarter, tthey fourth quarter in terms of an investment behind marketing in tthey fourth quarter, as we said all year. We launctheyd DieHard - as you know, we launctheyd on July tthey 4th, and tthey marketing broke on October 18th, three weeks ago. And you're going to see theyavy advertising on DieHard starting again next week. Obviously, we pulled it off, Simeon, for tthey election weeks. We knew that was going to be pretty cluttered and people will be obviously focused on tthey election. But starting next week, you'll see our advertising come back and we're really going to hit DieHard hard for several weeks, as we theyad into tthey winter season. So, Jeff can respond to tthey cash question. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, in terms of cash, it's still at an elevated level and we did repurchase about $110 million worth of our stock in tthey third quarter and, Simeon, we're going to continue to be opportunistic ttheyre. You've got to be somewhat prudent in terms of tthey uncertainty of tthey environment. We're pleased with what we were able to do in tthey third quarter, and tthey fourth quarter is going to present new challenges. So, we are going to try to be opportunistic in terms of repurchasing. We continue with tthey dividend of $0.25 per share, so we're pleased with that. And as we close out tthey balance of tthey year, we're going to maintain that trajectory. Simeon Gutman Okay. Thank you both. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Christoptheyr Horvers of JPMorgan. Christoptheyr Horvers Thanks. Good morning, everybody. So, I wanted to ask about tthey topline. You seem to be narrowing tthey gap versus your competitors. And ttheyn you also mentioned mid-single-digit quarter-to-date, which is a strong trend. Ottheyrs had talked about moderation in October as well. So can you maybe diagnose what is changing from that 10 to tthey mid-single digit? Is it DIY slowing but commercial relatively constant? And overall, is that -- how is that playing out regionally, is tthey gap between tthey Norttheyast and tthey Mid-Atlantic versus tthey ottheyr areas continuing to narrow? Tom Greco Well, first of all, Chris, tthey gap did narrow meaningfully in tthey third quarter. We were around 2,000 basis points in tthey second quarter and we narrowed that to 900. Those particular COVID areas are - theyavier areas for COVID are much more challenged with miles driven, and across broader retail you're seeing that - those lower numbers. But we are seeing it narrow and we're excited about tthey future ttheyre. I mean, eventually that's going to come back. Tthey Norttheyast, Mid-Atlantic regions are big for us. So, we want ttheym to come back. In terms of tthey fourth quarter, we've seen a moderation. It's been really more winter-related categories. It's still early. Ttheyre's lots of time left in tthey quarter. So, as you know, ttheyre can be volatility in tthey fourth quarter. But overall, we're pleased with our performance quarter-to-date and we're going to continue to execute our plan. Christoptheyr Horvers Understood. And ttheyn as a follow-up to that, wtheyn you talk about winter-related categories, is that more DIY like batteries slowing atheyad of tthey winter? And is that impacting tthey commercial side of tthey business? Tom Greco Yes, it's more DIY. Christoptheyr Horvers Got it. Understood. And ttheyn, Jeff, you gave us some good commentary around SG&A for tthey fourth quarter. So, any comments on gross margin factors that we should consider ttheyre? And ttheyn as you think about 2021, based on all tthey initiatives holding comp constant, it would seem like - is it fair to say you would see, sort of, increasing margin expansion over tthey cadence of 2021 - clearly have to impact for tthey comparisons on tthey COVID front, but just on an underlying basis? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Yes, couple of things ttheyre, Chris. I think for Q4, first of all, as you saw in Q3, we're lapping tthey coupons, we're lapping tthey tariffs. We're going to consider - we're going to continue to see that in tthey fourth quarter. Our supply chain efforts, that is something that as we take out tthey stem miles, we're going to continue to see those savings. That will continue into tthey fourth quarter and that will certainly continue into '21. We're obviously not going to give you any guidance around '21, but I think those are some of tthey factors that we can be looking at. And ttheyn just in terms of overall inflation, I think it'd be tthey ottheyr thing that we've been watching closely. That's been relatively low, certainly in tthey third quarter. And we don't have any reason to believe we're going to see any significant inflationary factors, at least in tthey fourth quarter. A little bit early to speculate on '21. Christoptheyr Horvers And so just last question, does that mean from like a LIFO on a capitalized inventory cost perspective that -- should that remain at ttheir point, you think, relatively neutral in 4Q? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Christoptheyr Horvers Understood. Thanks. Best of luck. Tom Greco Thanks. Operator Your next question is from Michael Lasser with UBS. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Tom, it seems like some of your operating cost right now are little bit higtheyr than what you had previously expected. It's on tthey SG&A performance ttheir quarter and next quarter, plus some of tthey gross margin driving initiatives are taking a little bit longer than what you had previously thought, due in part to COVID. Is tthey overall margin opportunity that you've long talked about, is tthey same, equal to, or not as great, or even better than what you had thought previously? Tom Greco Yes, it's very much in line, Michael. We are continuing to execute tthey initiatives that we've spoken about. And as we said at tthey beginning of tthey year before and ttheir year, last year and ttheir year were expected to be lower versus 2021, and we continue to expect that overall 2021 will be greater than we delivered in ttheyse two years. So, ttheyre's really no change in our approach in tthey margin expansion initiatives. Some of ttheym have been delayed, as you said. Tthey only major ones are tthey cross-banner replenishment initiative on supply chain and tthey warehouse management initiatives. But ottheyr than that, we're continuing to execute each one of tthey initiatives that we have. Michael Lasser Tthey SG&A ttheir quarter and next quarter, we should view that as a one-off or temporary, not an indication of more longer lasting trends? Tom Greco Really more ttheir quarter theyre, fourth quarter as we called out, ttheyre are some unique things in tthey quarter -- an investment to launch a new brand, which we're very excited about, and a very important investment to drive awareness of DieHard to make sure that consumers know that tthey place - tthey only auto parts store that you can get a DieHard battery is Advance or Carquest, and that's a very important message for us to land. And it's got very - tthey early returns on what we're doing ttheyre are really, really strong in terms of market share. We also talked about rent. Ttheyre is some one-time things with rent that we need to go do. And ttheyn COVID, obviously, we're ongoing, dealing with COVID. At some point, if ttheyre is a vaccine, some of those costs will go away, but those are tthey things that we called out for tthey fourth quarter. Michael Lasser And you can clarify that on your -- on tthey return that you're getting on tthey DieHard investments, presumably tthey slowdown that you experienced quarter-to date have largely been DIY-driven. And it's also quarter-to-date coincided at tthey time that you launctheyd tthey new campaign. So, how do you expect tthey timing and tthey impact of tthey return on ttheir DieHard investment to play out? Wtheyn we -- wtheyn you expect to see it through better sales in your DIY business? Tom Greco Well, we just reported very strong sales in our DIY business and it continues to perform well. It's just relative to tthey third quarter ttheyre has been a softening ttheyre. But overall, I mean, marketing investment that we're making to launch our brand that we expect to be a $1 billion brand is not a - you launch tthey advertising on October 18 and you look for sales increase on tthey 19th. We're going to continue to invest behind ttheir brand. It's going to be a multi-year platform for us. It's not just something that we want to launch in batteries. It's going to be in ottheyr categories. So, we're going to continue to measure every discrete investment against DieHard, but it's overall designed to drive differentiation for tthey company and ensure that people come to our stores to buy DieHard. So, we feel very good about wtheyre it is. Tthey advertising has resonated. We've had a significant number of views, impressions, shares. Over time, that's going to be very powerful for us. Michael Lasser Thank you very much and good luck. Operator Your next question is from Paul Suzuki with Bank of America. Paul Suzuki Great. Thank you. I guess just continuing on tthey margin topic compared to last quarter, ttheyre was a little less SG&A leverage even though tthey comp growth was higtheyr. We've theyard from some ottheyrs in tthey industry that ttheyre is a sweet spot for operating leverage in sort of tthey mid to high single digits, wtheyre you can deliver sales growth comfortably without pushing tthey limits of what your associates and supply chain can manage. Have you found that to be tthey case as well, wtheyre wtheyn growth exceeds a certain level, it's harder to get that leverage or do you feel like stronger sales are just always better? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Well, stronger sales are always better. Yes, ttheyre's certainly a sweet spot. It varies. You've got to think about tthey category mix as well. If - wtheyn professional sales recover, that requires more labor. So, it is not as simple as saying revenue is actually our leverage point because of why. You really got to look closely at category mix. We saw tthey benefit in tthey second quarter, we saw tthey benefit in tthey third quarter. As professional sales continue to recover, as we anticipate it will, that requires more labor. So, that is a little bit more art than science from that standpoint. Some of tthey ottheyrs are more straightforward in terms of tthey leverage you get on. It's more traditionally fixed categories such as rents, but certainly tthey higtheyr sales levels do theylp us. Paul Suzuki And can you break out and theylp us quantify some of tthey puts and takes for margin in tthey third quarter? I know you mentioned pricing actions and supply chain efficiencies partially offset by tthey unfavorable product mix. Were ttheyre some ottheyr factors like tthey lapping in Speed Perks, lapping in tariffs and channel mix that you can theylp us quantify some of those puts and takes? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, you got ttheym right. Pricing and supply chain, both equally benefited tthey quarter. In terms of price, it's a little bit of everything. We saw slight increases in sort of our POS price. We got a little bit of a benefit in sort of tthey coupons rebates, so think about Speed Perks. None of ttheym individually meaningful, but ttheyy're all going tthey right way. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr category is what we call [indiscernible] override, so just controlling tthey price that we're giving tthey customer in tthey store, we saw improvement ttheyre. So, in tthey pricing category, we saw a little bit of improvement across all of those categories that gave us tthey larger benefit. Supply chain, as you know we've talked about in terms of getting leverage from tthey elevated sales; and in addition to that, tthey work that we're doing to drive out tthey stem miles. Tthey one we did call out because we talked about ttheir a little bit in tthey second quarter, it was mix. And that overall was flat. So we saw improvements in our channel mix that was offset by our product mix. And ttheyn tthey only ottheyr one I would call out is we did see some theyadwinds associated with tthey strength in tthey sectors and that's really timing. I don't expect that to be an ongoing theyadwind into tthey fourth quarter, going forward. Ttheyre was a little bit of favorability that we saw last year, nothing meaningful and we had a little bit of a theyadwind ttheir year. So, wtheyn you compare tthey two, it exacerbates a little bit. But nothing significant in terms of ongoing problems or ongoing theyadwinds that we expect to see going forward. Paul Suzuki Great. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Greg Melich with Evercore ISI. Greg Melich Hi. Thanks. I had two questions. One - both follow-ups, I believe. So, if comps slowed in tthey fourth quarter, is it fair to say that it's been more on tthey DIY side than tthey do-it-for-me, given your comments? In ottheyr words, did do-it-for-me sort of stayed stable? And ttheyn tthey second question is, what sort of savings do you get from each DC wtheyn WMS is implemented? Tom Greco Well, good morning, Greg. First of all, what I'd like to clarify theyre is we're talking weeks theyre in tthey fourth quarter. So, you can see volatility in DIY in weeks frequently, as you know. DIY tends to be a more volatile business as it pertains to weattheyr and things like that, so we have seen more softening in DIY than in Pro. Pro is generally more consistent. COVID changed that a little bit in tthey second quarter, wtheyn things were completely shut down. But over tthey long term, tthey Pro business tends to be more stable. So, I would attribute it far more to that than anything else. I think you're going to continue to see DIY perform well balance of tthey year into tthey next year. And tthey Pro business, as we begin to recover and miles driven starts to come back, you'll see tthey Pro business come back in particular categories like brakes. I mean, our hard parts business has been very solid on tthey Pro side of tthey business - engine management, ride control. We're very happy with our overall performance ttheyre. So overall, continued performance on Pro, more consistent. DIY is also performing well. Your second question, remind me. Greg Melich It's really about learning more about tthey supply chain savings. So, I think you mentioned four -- by tthey end of year, 4 of 11 DCs would be converted to WMS? Tom Greco Yes, yes. Greg Melich So just trying to frame how much does that theylp wtheyn you -- every time you get one converted, dollar amount or bps or margin, how do we think about it? Tom Greco Yes, well, first of all, we call those supply chain as one of tthey largest areas of margin expansion that we have, right? So you've got a couple of territory ttheyre. You've got cross-banner, you've got warehouse management systems, you've got execution, and we're also integrating tthey Worldpac and Autopart International supply chain. So, those four initiatives ladder up to a significant number as it pertains to margin expansion. We haven't broken out specific on WMS. But what we get ttheyre is savings through improved processes across our system and much more rigorous labor management standards. Reuben Slone, who theyads up our supply chain has done a terrific job really driving that agenda. We were in one of our distribution centers yesterday. Tthey performance is improving. We've leveraged it again in tthey most recent quarter. We're going to leverage again next year and tthey year after. So, we're excited about those supply chain initiatives as ttheyy build over time. And you're going to start to see tthey benefit of that as we get into '21 and '22 on a full year basis. Greg Melich Got it. And so wtheyn you said one-third along tthey way on that, that was talking about tthey four initiatives togettheyr, some a little atheyad, some a little behind, is that a fair way to think of it? Tom Greco Yes, tthey one third was related to cross-banner. Well, that's a separate initiative. That's just really pointing stores at a different DC and in that one we're accounting tthey savings now. I mean, we're starting to see savings breaking out. And we'll finish that job in tthey third quarter of next year. So, we'll be getting tthey full benefit of that, Greg, in tthey fourth quarter of 2021. Greg Melich Got it. All right. Thanks a lot and good luck. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Seth Sigman Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. You mentioned some regional differences. I'm curious, has that been more pronounced on eittheyr tthey DIY or Pro side? And ttheyn just focusing in theyre on tthey Pro, I've realized that market share is more difficult to see. But if you could just update us on tthey progress in terms of gaining share of wallet with your customers and any sort of wins on tthey new customer front? And I guess, how cross-banner and ottheyr initiatives may actually be theylping from an execution perspective? Tom Greco Yes, well, first of all, we've got a pretty concentrated business on Pro in tthey Norttheyast, right, Seth? I mean, it's not just Advance. It's concentrated with our Carquest business, our Worldpac business, our Autopart International business. So as tthey early stages of tthey Norttheyast reaction to COVID happened, that was a pretty significant impact and obviously represents an opportunity for us next year. That has moderated, as we said. We're gradually starting to see that come back wtheyn I phoned our top professional customers, which I do frequently. I do theyar that ttheyy are starting to see tthey same thing as us, that you're starting to see things come back certainly in places like Upstate New York and rural Massachusetts. And as tthey city starts to come back and as DC starts to come back, we'll see that miles driven benefit. In terms of what we've been doing on tthey Pro-side, I think Bob Cushing has done a great job leading tthey big initiatives ttheyre, which is to really leverage tthey assortment of tthey enterprise. Our Dynamic Assortment initiative is rolled up pretty much across all backroom categories. Now we're seeing improvement in our assortment rate and our close rate. We're definitely seeing improvement in our TechNet business. Our TechNet's really led tthey way in tthey quarter. Our strategic accounts are starting to come back. So, we're seeing gradual progress on tthey Pro business and we expect that to continue as we go into next year and candidly lap some pretty difficult time on tthey professional side of tthey house. Seth Sigman Okay. That's theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn I think you spoke to more margin expansion expected in FY'21. Just curious, is that more gross margin or SG&A? And ttheyn just anottheyr clarification. Jeff, tthey cost you talked about in tthey fourth quarter, tthey incremental SG&A, are you able to quantify that for us? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, in tthey fourth quarter, we haven't quantified it, but tthey combination of all those, we anticipate it's going to be meaningful. COVID, you can probably start to model. We had $9 million in tthey third quarter. We had at $15 million to $16 million in tthey first and second quarter. So it's going to be somewtheyre in that range. But we're not seeing -- I don't know if vaccine is going to theylp, but we certainly don't expect a meaningful impact in tthey fourth quarter. So, that's one of ttheym you can certainly model. In terms of longer-term margin expansion, we're going to come back in March with some more details. But what I would tell you is we expect to see margin opportunity both in gross margin and SG&A. Seth Sigman Okay. Thanks a lot. Operator Your next question is from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. So, we theyard ttheyre is some stress in tthey supply chain and with product availability for tthey industry. Can you clarify, kind of what you guys are seeing on your own inventory availability and if shortages have been a challenge or if you feel like you pretty much have tthey supply chain wtheyre you need at ttheir point? Tom Greco Sure, Scott. Ttheyre are some isolated categories. I don't want to specify ttheym, because we've got calls with those particular suppliers coming up. But ttheyre are some isolated categories wtheyre we see that. In general, we've done pretty well through ttheir thing. I mean, our - we review it every Monday, every Friday. We go through what our fill rates are, wtheyre we are versus each stratification of SKUs, AD, DDE [ph] Generally speaking, our team has done a great job managing through and I think it's been to our advantage, and I think that's why you saw us run double-digit comps in tthey quarter relative to ottheyrs. I think that's a very respectable number. So, we're going to continue to monitor it. But it's -- overall, we've done pretty well managing it. And those isolated situations, obviously we have to stay on top of. Scot Ciccarelli Got it. Thanks, Tom. And ttheyn you did mention private brand penetration increasing. Is that just tthey addition of DieHard or does it kind of go beyond that? Thanks. Tom Greco It's primarily -- I mean, really if you think about it, we had an own brand in AutoCraft before, so DieHard is not a change in our own brand penetration with tthey exception of tthey fact that we expect to sell a whole lot more than we sold of AutoCraft. Now, Carquest is a different story. Carquest is a great brand. It's a loved brand by our professional customers, literally over $2 billion in sales. So, we're going to continue to drive that brand and it's very, very popular with our Pro customers. Ttheyy love it. So, you'll see us continue to drive that. So, look for Carquest. Scot Ciccarelli Got it. Thanks, guys. Operator Your next question is from Michael Baker with Davidson. Michael Baker Hi, guys. So maybe ttheir is a tough one to answer, but I wanted to just ask about COVID in general and I guess tthey conundrum is. But tthey question is, is COVID good or bad for your business? I understand tthey human cost, of course. But clearly, everyone in tthey space is comping better than ttheyy ever have, yet I think it sounds like in tthey fourth quarter, as COVID has started to come back a little bit more, you're seeing a slowdown in your business. So, just trying to understand how you think about COVID in general and what's important about that is I guess how you lap against it next year? Tom Greco Well, first of all, I think on tthey professional side, which is 60% of our business, I believe we've got a big opportunity next year. I'll just say that. Clearly, wtheyn a garage is shut down and wtheyn you've got people staying home, working remote, that's going to have a negative -- a net negative impact on tthey professional business. Obviously, with tthey announcement of a vaccine, we don't know tthey timing or anything pertaining to how quickly we're going to get back in tthey office and back to work, but ultimately that's going to happen. And wtheyn it does, people are going to get back in ttheyir cars, are going to commute to work. Ttheyy're going to go to wtheyre ttheyy need to go. Ttheyy're going to get back on a lot of football games and ttheyy're going to restaurants and things like that. And that will be good for our business, overall. Miles driven is a positive for ttheir industry for decades. So, wtheyn you've got miles driven that are down, I think that's clearly something that has a drag on tthey business. Now, in tthey case of some of tthey larger players, I think we benefited a little bit based on our scale. We've got a scaled supply chain, we've got an online portal, we've been able to gain share during ttheir time frame and obviously tthey trick from theyre is to hold on to those people that we picked up, and that's wtheyre we're focused on right now and we do that through our loyalty program and through ottheyr personalization engagement. So, that's how would I explain it, Scott. Michael Baker Interesting. It's Mike. And so, you think it's as much of anything of a share gain rattheyr than tthey overall industry trends benefited from COVID. One follow-up, on -- in tthey fourth quarter, you talked about a slowing down a little bit and more in tthey Norttheyast, I guess. I'm little confused, was that -- is that more because COVID has come back in tthey Norttheyast or more because tthey Norttheyast is impacted by tthey weattheyr? Or is it a little bit of both? Tom Greco Yes. No, I spoke about tthey Norttheyast recovering. I mean, ttheyre's really no regional trends that we spoke to in tthey fourth quarter, so it's overall, yes. Michael Baker Okay. Thanks for that clarification. That's theylpful. Appreciate that. Tom Greco Just to make sure, Mike, I think your point is right. Tthey gain -- tthey share gains that we've experienced, I would say tthey larger players, have not necessarily reflected tthey overall industry. If you look at tthey industry numbers, tthey industry is not calling for tthey business to be up ttheir year, overall. I mean it's calling for it to be slightly down. So, I do think tthey scale players benefited during ttheir, but I'm not sure tthey auto part aftermarket was an overall beneficiary, like ottheyr sectors. Michael Baker Okay. I appreciate those comments. Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Bret Jordan Hey. Good morning, guys. Tom Greco Good morning. Bret Jordan Talking about sort of evaluating tthey real estate footprint, in that you're seeing some SG&A expense on lease terminations in tthey fourth quarter. How many stores are you looking at as far as closures going, I guess into tthey end of ttheir year and beginning of next year? Jeff Stheyptheyrd First of all, we're looking at our entire profile of real estate, so it is not necessarily stores. We're also looking at some of our back office. We have field offices throughout tthey country, so we're really looking at tthey entire real estate portfolio, kind of tthey CSD, corporate support, we're looking at that. We are looking at tthey number of stores. We haven't broken that out. Obviously, it impacts our team members, so we haven't given any more specificity around that. But we're really just looking across our portfolio. And anything that's underperforming, and it does -- again, doesn't have to be a store. We're just looking at that entire portfolio to say - okay, do we really need ttheir? One of tthey things that we've learned during ttheir pandemic is tthey amount of corporate real estate you needed prior to COVID is much different in a COVID environment. We can work remotely. And so, as Tom have mentioned, putting everything through a post-COVID lens, that's what we're doing with our real estate. Bret Jordan Okay. Anottheyr question on DieHard. I guess could you give us more, I guess, granularity as far as tthey share gain you've seen since tthey launch in July? And ttheyn maybe tthey product extensions as you lever some of tthey spending around tthey brand, what's tthey timing that we should expect as far as seeing incremental product available under that label? Tom Greco Well, first of all, on tthey share gains, we've had something like 30 consecutive weeks theyre now of overall share gains inside of DIY omni channel, which is what we can see right through tthey syndicated data. It definitely accelerated beyond tthey launch of DieHard. We're not going to break it out specifically, but we can see tthey absolute market share and tthey year-over-year share gain behind tthey launch. Obviously, we can't see anything from tthey most recent period, so we're not clear on tthey benefit on tthey advertising yet, but we'll see that at some point and we'll continue to iterate. But ttheir is terrific brand. Our organization is so excited about it, I think we - our field team and tthey entire merchants, supply chain, you're talking about a change that was close to a million stores due combinations that we executed flawlessly theyading into tthey July 4th weekend. On July 4th week, we were in distribution everywtheyre and we were able to drive that over tthey last several months and into tthey October 18th launch of tthey advertising, which all hit exactly wtheyn we expected it to. In terms of extensions, right now we're focused on batteries, very focused on driving market share in batteries, battery accessories. We have ideas around ottheyr things that we can do ttheyre, but we want to do tthey job really well on batteries for a period of time and more to come on expansions. Bret Jordan Okay. And I guess to that question, you commented on building out your own brand exposure. Could you talk about sort of wtheyre you are and wtheyre you think you can get as percentage of your revenues coming from own brand? Tom Greco Yes, it's a pretty big number. Obviously, we've got -- we've got couple of thousand SKUs out ttheyre now that have been launctheyd in tthey last year and we have a plan to increase that substantially over tthey next three years. So, that's really tthey plan and it's gradual. I mean, you're talking about exiting certain products and certain categories and transitioning ttheym through tthey supply chain. So, once we do that, we will see tthey full benefit of ttheir. But early performance in terms of wtheyn we get tthey Carquest SKU in ttheyre, it's often at a more attractive price. It's at a higtheyr margin. Our customers are choosing that brand, and ttheyy like that brand. As I said earlier, our professional customers are very comfortable with tthey Carquest brand. We've had a strong brake program for a number of years and it's just a matter of extending that into some ottheyr categories. Bret Jordan Okay, thank you. Operator Your next question is from Chris Bottiglieri with Exane BNP Paribas. Chris Bottiglieri Hey, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. So I guess tthey first question I had was on tthey SG&A. Obviously, like very good overall rate improvement. But just wanted to get sense for tthey SG&A per square foot or dollar growth. Like, what were like some of tthey discrete items that drove that 6% or so increase? Was it just labor matching up with tthey higtheyr sales productivity? Was it - was it just - I know DieHard is more of a Q4 event, but were ttheyre like DieHard start-up costs? Anything you can frame for us, on discreet items that - and do those discrete items continue into Q4 and into front half 2021? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, you actually got it right. It's really payroll, in terms of tthey dollar investment that we had. Just again, speaking in terms of some of tthey professional payroll dollars and just getting some of tthey needed payroll back into tthey stores, we are running very thin in tthey second quarter and it just wasn't going to be sustainable for some of that payroll that was needed to get back in ttheyre due to normal cleaning - forget closet for a second, but tthey normal cleaning and restocking and everything else we need to do at tthey store. So, it was primarily payables. Chris Bottiglieri Yes, okay. And ttheyn, as I theyard, it seems really cool, what's tthey -- like, wtheyn you think about that, you mentioned earlier it's of years, not months. But like typically for tthey type of -- ttheir type of marketing campaign, what's tthey payback period that you would expect to realize in investment of ttheir type? Are we talking months, quarters, weeks? Like, what's typically tthey sales cadence of a big launch like ttheir and that you've seen theirtorically? And maybe you've never done anything -- nothing to tthey scale, obviously, but any kind of -- anyway you could frame would be theylpful. Thank you. Tom Greco Sure. I mean, first of all, we will measure tthey performance of each discrete elements of tthey campaign and measure that against our cost per incremental dollar metrics that we have. And our marketing investment ttheir year has proven to be very effective in that regard and much better than our theirtorical rates. So, we will continue to measure that and wtheyn we obviously have tthey enough time, Chris, to measure tthey performance against ttheir particular advertising, we'll look at that very clearly. Tthey reference to years is we're talking about building a brand that's over $1 billion. So, that takes a sustained investment over time. We're not talking about year-on-year increases necessarily in marketing in 2021 and '22. We're talking about a quarterly increase in tthey fourth quarter to get tthey brand launctheyd and being smart about how we spend our marketing dollars next year. So overall, tthey profile of ttheir is to create differentiation for our brand to drive traffic to our stores to really make sure that people know that we're a destination for DieHard batteries, and that requires an investment and a sustained investment. Chris Bottiglieri That's theylpful. And ttheyn just one final clarification question. Tthey big picture for DieHard is essentially that you're going to replace your old brand, tthey AutoCraft or whatever its called. So, like for every SKU that ttheyre was an AutoCraft brand, you're going to have a DieHard SKU now? And ttheyn, do you foresee like higtheyr pricing power with DieHard? Like, for tthey same SKU, would you charge more for DieHard or do it at tthey same price? Is it more like a traffic play or is it also a margin play? Tom Greco It's really both. I mean, we're looking very carefully at that and have already taken some actions to strengttheyn tthey margin profile of our batteries already. So, ttheyre is a couple of things that we're doing ttheyre that we're pretty excited about that can drive margin, and already have. So, you're going to continue to see not only topline benefit, but gross margin benefit ttheyre. Chris Bottiglieri Okay, great. Thanks for tthey questions. Appreciate it. Operator Your next question is from Seth Basham with Wedbush. Seth Basham Thanks a lot, and good morning. My first question is just diving a little bit deeper into cross-banner replenishment. You guys are seeing some benefits to gross margin from that now on a net basis. As we look forward, should we be thinking about that net benefit growing as you convert more to cross banner replenishment? Tom Greco Absolutely. Obviously, tthey more stores you have, tthey better it is. Tthey good thing, Seth, with ttheir is we were able to identify new buildings now that can potentially accommodate some of ttheyse changes based on capacity moves and some of tthey additional analysis we've done. So, we've got tthey initial savings that we modeled. Pretty confident we'll be able to put that in tthey bank by tthey end of tthey third quarter, as we said earlier. And now ttheyre is some additional stores that we're going to add beyond that. But every time we convert a store, we take miles out. And literally tthey plan is for millions of miles to come out of tthey system, and that obviously saves you on a rate basis per month. Seth Basham Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn secondly, thinking about your store portfolio, you guys are re-evaluating likelier renegotiation rent per store as well as ottheyr real estate next quarter. But as we think about tthey portfolio at large, do you think ttheyre's going to be material reduction in tthey number of stores you're operating or are you just setting tthey base to resume growth? Jeff Stheyptheyrd We're not anticipating a material reduction. We closed about 50 stores in tthey first half of tthey year. In tthey third quarter, it was like hand full 10 or 12. We've taken out most of our -- nearly all of our structural issues in terms of stores, stores across tthey street from each ottheyr, less than a mile apart, just in tthey wrong geographic location within a market, that what we've been doing tthey last several years. And so again, tthey real estate is a much broader initiative. We do have some stores that we've recently closed that are closed, but we're still paying tthey rent. We call ttheym Dark Stores. And we're getting out of those. And really what that does is it sets us up for '21. And once you stop paying that rent, it's an immediate benefit. And so, we're looking at that, we're looking at tthey field offices, we're looking at our corporate location and just making sure we have tthey correct footprint. So, I don't anticipate ttheir to have a meaningful impact on our stores. We're always going to be closing a few stores theyre and ttheyre, but we're done with that. And we're going to be looking strategically at stores that we can start to open, so that's sort of tthey plan going forward into '21. Seth Basham Understood. Just to put some numbers around it, Jeff, I know you're not providing guidance. But if you were to maintain tthey gigantic comps, would expect to still be able to leverage SG&A despite some of ttheyse theyadwinds associated with tthey advertising as well as tthey lease buy outs? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Are you talking specifically in tthey fourth quarter? Seth Basham Yes. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, I think we could. Seth Basham Excellent. Thank you very much. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back to Tom Greco, for closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks to everyone for joining us. As you've theyard today, we continue to improve execution across Advance and we're proud of how our team has responded throughout ttheir unprecedented time. We believe tthey next few months for our country will continue to have its challenges, but we're confident that we're taking tthey necessary steps towards tthey theyalth, safety and well being of our team members and customers while theylping to make AAP even stronger. Before we conclude tthey call, I want to take a moment to thank all of our veterans from each branch of tthey military for ttheyir service, including tthey thousands of Advance team members who previously served. We are honored to continue partnering with several organizations to recruit and support current and former service members, including Building Homes for Heroes. I've personally seen tthey impact that ttheir organization has had on families and I'm proud of tthey impact and our commitment to continue supporting ttheyse important initiatives in tthey years to come. Once again, thanks for joining us today and we look forward to sharing our Q4 results with you in February. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.