Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 13, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Elisabeth Eisleben – Vice President-Investor Relations Tom Greco – President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stheyptheyrd – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Bob Cushing – Executive Vice President-Professional Mike Broderick – Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Store Operations Support Analysts Michael Lasser – UBS Bret Jordan – Jefferies Chris Horvers – JPMorgan Seth Sigman – Credit Suisse Simeon Gutman – Morgan Stanley Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Matt McClintock – Barclays Dan Wewer – Raymond James Mike Baker – Deutscthey Bank Greg Melich – MoffettNathanson.  Jason Haas – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Nagel – Oppentheyimer Chris Bottiglieri – Wolfe Research Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities Daniel Imbro – Steptheyns Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Vice President, Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter 2018 results. I’m joined by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Stheyptheyrd, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer; Bob Cushing, our Executive Vice President of Professional; and Mike Broderick, our Executive Vice President, Merchandising and Store Operations Support. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that our comments today may include forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in a Risk Factors section in tthey company’s filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. We believe providing ttheyse measures theylps investors gain a more complete understanding of our results and is consistent with how management views our financial results. Please refer to our quarterly press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for additional detail regarding tthey forward-looking statements and reconciliations of ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most comparable GAAP measures referenced in today’s call. Tthey content of ttheir call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings release and related financial statements. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Paul, and good morning. First, I’d like to thank tthey entire Advance team and our network of Carquest Independent for a strong quarter, characterized by progress on virtually every financial and marketplace metric. It’s because of ttheyir dedication and unrelenting focus on tthey customer that we were able to deliver our strongest comparable sales growth in nearly eight years, which in turn led to improved market share performance. It’s clear that our transformation actions are beginning to take hold, driving meaningful improvements in execution, enabling us to earn more business with our valued customers. In tthey third quarter, net sales increased by 4.3% to $2.3 billion and comp sales were up 4.6%. Our adjusted operating income margin of 8.5% increased 62 basis points compared to tthey prior year quarter. And our adjusted earnings per share increased 32.2% to $1.89. Year-to-date, our free cash flow was $576 million, an increase of $336 million year-over-year, as we continue to drive disciplined cash management practices throughout tthey organization. Our sales performance in tthey quarter is a testament to tthey hard work of our entire team, truly living our cultural belief and executing on our mission, Passion for Customers, Passion for Yes! Not only did we deliver tthey strongest comparable sales growth since 2010, our absolute growth in tthey quarter was above tthey industry average, driven by increased units per transaction and average ticket value. Importantly, we strengttheyned our customer value proposition and delivered balanced, consistent growth throughout Q3 in both our DIY omni-channel and professional businesses. From a geographic perspective, we saw improvement across all 12 regions. Our Souttheyast, Midwest, Appalachia, Norttheyast, and Mid-Atlantic regions led tthey way. From a category perspective, we saw increased sales across nearly every category with tthey strongest growth in brakes, batteries, and optics, wtheyre we delivered high single-digit growth. Without a doubt, we’re seeing better coordination and planning across our merchandising, marketing and field operations teams, which is also contributing to our momentum. Finally, we’re leveraging supplier partnerships and improved analytical capabilities to ensure we have tthey right inventory, in tthey right locations, at tthey right time. Ttheir is a work-in-progress and we still have significant opportunity, but we believe that tthey improvements made so far are theylping our improved execution. Going a little deeper in Professional, we saw improved performance across every AAP banner in tthey U.S., including Advance, Worldpac, Autopart International and importantly both Carquest Corporate and Independent stores. Our customers want choices, and thanks to cross-banner visibility, we’re doing a much better job of leveraging AAP’s industry leading assortment of brands to ensure our pro customers have tthey options ttheyy desire to meet tthey needs of ttheyir customers. Through continued focus on our customer value proposition and direct feedback from our professional customers, we recently launctheyd myadvance.com. Ttheir is an interactive, easy to use, mobile friendly platform wtheyre we’ve combined multiple online tools and capabilities into one place, including our Advance Pro online ordering platform. On myadvance.com, professional customers can access industry-leading cross-banner assortment as well as best-in-class shop services and solutions such as an expert corner featuring content rich training and shop business solution advice from automotive aftermarket industry leaders. Ttheyse initiatives are driving incremental growth for our Professional business. We’re equally excited about tthey growth within our DIY omni-channel business. In Q3, we saw increases in both DIY retail and DIY online, marking tthey second consecutive quarter with sales growth in both. We launctheyd our new advertising campaign, Think Atheyad. Think Advance, and it’s off to a great start. We continue to invest in e-commerce, wtheyre enhancements we made to our website improved tthey customer experience, including reduced page load times and additional personalization modules. In addition, well today, tthey majority of our online orders are, buy online pickup in store, we’ve made progress on our ship to home capabilities. Overall, our investments drove strong double-digit revenue growth in Q3. While we are pleased that our improving execution is driving topline strength, we remain focused on controlling expenses across tthey organization. I was delighted with our store team’s ability to once again, leverage additional customer service hours through increased sales in tthey third quarter. In addition, we’re seeing a noticeable shift in culture as safety has become a critical focus throughout Advance. Importantly, our progress on safety initiatives enabled a reduction in liability and vehicle claims in tthey quarter and we expect to see furttheyr benefits as a result of our safety initiatives. Our investment in ttheir critical area has paid off quickly and I’m confident we’re developing a true safety culture with theyightened attention on team member safety throughout Advance. Unfortunately, we did have team members and customers affected by tthey recent hurricanes. Our thoughts are with ttheym as ttheyy work towards cleaning up after tthey damage. I’m personally thankful for our entire organization and ttheyir willingness to step up financially, while giving ttheyir time to theylp ttheyir fellow team members and communities. We remain committed to standing ready and working togettheyr as one team, leading by example and showing tthey true spirit of Advance. As you’ll theyar from Jeff on our financial performance and updated expectations for tthey balance of tthey year, we’re confident in our ability to maintain momentum into Q4. We remain laser focused on cost control to offset expense theyadwinds. As discussed last quarter, higtheyr bonus for our team will impact our Q4 SG&A versus prior year, and obviously, we’re performing much better than last year. In line with our long-term strategic objectives and building a best-in-class omni-channel experience for our customers, last month we announced an exciting partnership with Walmart. With up to 100 million unique visitors to walmart.com every month, ttheir partnership will enable us to reach a much broader group of DIY customers and theylp drive market share growth. We’re thrilled to begin tthey rollout of ttheir partnership in tthey first half of 2019, wtheyn we’ll be able to offer our extensive product offering and trusted advice with an increased number of DIY customers. We also made progress on our end-to-end supply chain efforts in Q3. I’m pleased with our team’s execution throughout tthey year and we’re on track for closing our Gallman and San Antonio distribution centers by year-end. In addition, we announced tthey closure of a third DC in Columbia, South Kyleina, which we expect to close in tthey first half of 2019. Consistent with our supply chain efforts, we remain focused on our store footprint optimization, and year-to-date, we’ve closed and consolidated 81 stores. We’re approaching store closings very differently ttheir year, and as a result, we’re seeing significant improvements in key employee and business retention. In addition to tthey notable improvements I discussed earlier related to safety within Advance, I’m also pleased with tthey positive improvements we’re seeing in our focused HR initiatives. We’ve meaningfully reduced turnover in tthey past two years and a recent review of our 2018 HART [ph] Health results continue to highlight positive trends versus prior years. We remain committed to tthey growth and development of our team while providing competitive compensation packages and best-in-class training to ensure we’re able to recruit and retain tthey best talent at Advance. Finally, while we’ll provide 2019 guidance wtheyn we report Q4 results, we are nearing tthey completion of our annual operating plan and longer-term strategic business plan update, and remain encouraged by tthey macro indicators we see for 2019. Notably, after three consecutive years of declines, tthey number of vehicles greater than seven years old is expected to grow in 2019 for tthey first time since 2015. Ttheir group of vehicles is one of tthey largest demand drivers in our industry, and we’re confident ttheir will enable continued industry momentum. In fact, forecast for tthey next five years show growth in tthey number of vehicles seven years and older and we expect ttheir vehicle population will be roughly 10% higtheyr in 2023 than it is today. Back to 2019, with GDP growth forecasted to be up 2.8% and total miles driven expected to be up 1.8% based on tthey Federal Highway Administration’s 2019 outlook, we’re excited about continued growth potential in tthey automotive aftermarket in 2019. Importantly, we’re also confident in our ability to improve market share performance. We look forward to sharing our 2019 performance expectations with you in February. With that, I’ll turn it over to Jeff for details on our financial performance and outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning everyone. I’m pleased to report furttheyr improvement in tthey execution across Advance which enabled our success in tthey third quarter, while building on our capabilities to ensure future success. In tthey third quarter, our adjusted gross profit was $1 billion, an increase of 6.3% from tthey prior year quarter. On a rate basis, our adjusted gross profit margin of 44.3% improved by 86 basis points from tthey prior year quarter. Drivers of ttheir improvement include product mix in addition to benefits from our inventory efforts over tthey past several quarters. Historically, we looked at inventory at a localized level, which led to purchasing inventory in certain parts of our network despite having that inventory elsewtheyre in tthey network. Ttheir year we’ve been far more disciplined in our approach to sourcing and utilizing on-hand inventory. In addition, we saw margin benefits from continued material cost optimization efforts, which positively impacted gross margin in Q3. Consistent with prior quarters, ttheyse cost benefits were partially offset by both planned and unplanned supply chain expenses, which reduced our gross margin by 39 basis points. As expected, tthey two new distribution centers that opened last year raised our cost base in tthey quarter versus prior year and negatively impacted our margin. Additionally, we continue to see transportation and fuel cost inflation higtheyr than tthey third quarter of 2017 and what was originally forecasted. In terms of tariffs, we’ve seen minimal impact related to tthey first two rounds that have gone into effect. Importantly, through successful actions, we’ve been able to pass cost increases through price. We remain diligent in our effort working with our supplier partners to mitigate cost increases wtheyre possible. We’re confident that in line with theirtorical pricing trends, our industry will continue to pass along future tariffs or ottheyr inflationary cost increases through pricing actions. Moving to SG&A, our adjusted SG&A was $814 million in tthey third quarter, an increase of $38 million year-over-year. As a percentage of net sales, our adjusted SG&A increased by 23 basis points to 35.8%. Ttheir was primarily due to higtheyr bonus, as we discussed last quarter and increased medical expenses as a result of higtheyr average dollars per claim, which negatively impacted our margin in tthey third quarter. As Tom mentioned, we leverage customer service hours in tthey stores, offsetting some labor-related theyadwinds. Overall labor-related expenses negatively impacted our adjusted SG&A as a percentage of net sales by 41 basis points. We expect tthey bonus theyadwind will continue through tthey fourth quarter as our incentive compensation for both corporate and field teams was much lower last year. Separately, while we’re pleased with tthey topline results from cross-banner visibility, we have significant opportunities to reduce our end market and last mile delivery costs for ttheyse additional sales. It’s far more important in tthey short-term to ensure we are utilizing ttheir capability to satisfy tthey customer and get tthey right part, to tthey right place, at tthey right time. As we move forward, we have plans to streamline ttheyse initiatives to remove excess costs. However, ttheir negatively impacted our SG&A as a percentage of sales in Q3. We remain focused on ensuring tthey parts are delivered in a timely manner, while we work to optimize our last mile delivery costs over time. SG&A theyadwinds were partially offset by lower insurance expenses, which improved by 37 basis points and we continue to focus on safety throughout Advance. Regarding adjusted operating income, we delivered adjusted operating income of $194 million in tthey quarter, a 12.5% improvement versus tthey prior year. Our adjusted operating margin increased 62 basis points to 8.5% in tthey quarter. We remain steadfast in our approach to managing cash and delivering on our capital allocation priorities. Through tthey first three quarters of 2018, our operating cash flow increased $280 million to $682 million and free cash flow more than doubled to $576 million compared to tthey same period of 2017. Through our focus on cash flow and payment terms, our AP ratio increased over 72% in tthey third quarter. I’m pleased with our progress to date and confident we will deliver continued growth in ttheyse areas. As I discussed earlier, we have made significant progress in our inventory efforts and our ability to reposition inventory throughout our network and that is theylping us say yes to tthey customer more often, and increase inventory turns. With that said, we continue to focus on optimizing our inventory over tthey next several years, while improving tthey assortment across tthey enterprise. As discussed last quarter, given tthey higtheyr demand environment and working to optimize existing inventory without disrupting tthey customer, we expect we will end tthey year with slightly increased inventory on a year-over-year basis. Moving to capital investments, our CapEx spend in tthey quarter increased $4 million to $43 million compared to tthey prior year. In tthey quarter, our largest projects were related to IT, supply chain, and new Worldpac branctheys. In line with our financial priorities to invest in tthey business, maintain an investment grade rating, and returning capital shareholders, we previously announced our expectation to return $100 million to $200 million for our shareholders through share repurchases in tthey second half of 2018. During tthey third quarter, we were able to repurchase $120 million worth of Advance stock. As Tom said earlier, we’re pleased with tthey continued improvements in industry demand and operational improvement throughout tthey enterprise. We are confident we’re taking tthey necessary actions to improve market share and deliver meaningful progress toward closing tthey competitive performance gap. Based on our results in tthey first three quarters of 2018 and our expectation that current trends continue through tthey balance of tthey year, we’re pleased to update our full year guidance expectations. We’re increasing our net sales outlook from a range of $9.3 billion to $9.5 billion to a new range of $9.55 billion to $9.6 billion. Our comparable store sales guidance is also increasing from a range of flat to up 1.5% and is now expected to be up 2% to 2.5%. In addition, we’re raising tthey low end of our adjusted operating income margin by 10 basis points to 7.6%. While we remain disciplined in our approach to offset planned and unplanned cost theyadwinds, we also feel it’s best to remain prudent in our expectations for tthey year in terms of our OI margin rate. Ttheyrefore, we’re maintaining tthey high end of our previously provided adjusted operating income margin range at 7.8%. As we said in our Q2 earnings call, tthey incremental sales we’re driving in tthey back half enables us to invest in information technology, e-commerce and Worldpac branctheys in tthey fourth quarter to unlock longer-term growth and margin expansion. Due to adjustments in timing expectations coupled with our continued discipline around our capital expenditure process, we expect spending toward tthey lower end of our previously provided full year CapEx range. In terms of free cash flow, we’re pleased with tthey improvement in tthey first three quarters of 2018, and as a result, we’re increasing our outlook from a minimum of $500 million for tthey full year to a range of $625 million to $675 million. I’m pleased with tthey strength we have seen ttheir year and I’m confident tthey focus and discipline across Advance will enable furttheyr growth in tthey fourth quarter and beyond. With that, let’s open up to addressing your questions, operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question will come from tthey line of Michael Lasser with UBS. Your line is open. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Jeff just mentioned that you are reinvesting some of tthey sales upside in tthey fourth quarter and that’s not – and that’s why your implied fourth quarter margins are wtheyre ttheyy are. Is it also due to some of tthey incentive comp as well and wtheyn can we expect to see a return on those investments? So just, provides us just tthey shape of how tthey margins are going to unfold for – from theyre because tthey consensus forecast for next year implies that margins take a sizable step up? Thank you. Tom Greco Hey, good morning, Michael. First of all, ttheyre is a couple of factors that are going to limit tthey margin upside in tthey fourth quarter. I think we’ve talked about most of ttheyse, but tthey first one is higtheyr than planned inflation in fuel and transportation. We’ve also got tthey cross-banner visibility which is causing a couple of which is – those are some incremental costs associated with cross-banner visibility. Eventually we’ll optimize those. You mentioned tthey incentive compensation. And ttheyn finally, we’re making some investments in tthey quarter to drive real long-term growth and margin expansion and very much in line with what we communicated previously, we’re investing in marketing and e-commerce. As you know, we launctheyd a new campaign in tthey third quarter; Think Atheyad. Think Advance. It’s off to a great start. We want to keep driving that messaging out ttheyre in terms of an omni-channel media campaign and we’re investing in e-commerce fulfillment and engagement. So, really marketing e-commerce is a big area. Secondly, in terms of technology, we’re beginning to implement a number of large projects to really simplify tthey business and integrate it and you mentioned, wtheyn we expect tthey return, ttheyse are pretty exciting projects, which we are very confident are going to provide a return on investment. We’re standing up work day in tthey first quarter, moving from multiple payroll systems to one. We kicked off our ERP to simplify our accounting processes across tthey company. And we’re also investing in our store network. We’re putting in a 4G network for tthey stores to really enable our team members to better serve tthey customers. So, some pretty exciting investments inside of technology and obviously once those are made, eventually ttheyy roll off and ttheyre’s a very good return on those. And ttheyn finally, we talked about Worldpac branctheys in tthey fourth quarter as well. So, in summary, we really like tthey top line momentum that we’re having. We’re encouraged with tthey fact that we’re leveraging tthey costs that are going to be ongoing within our P&L, be that customer service hours in tthey store and ottheyr costs and we’re very confident in tthey long-term margin opportunity we’ve talked about in tthey past is available. But we have to make tthey right investments along tthey way and we’ll take those costs out wtheyn we change tthey work and improve tthey efficiency throughout tthey organization. Michael Lasser And Tom, if I could just tie togettheyr some of tthey things you’ve said, A; you pointed out that you think tthey industry environment theyading into next year will be favorable, and B; you’re experiencing some transitional costs ttheir year for things like incentive comp and some of tthey investment, plus you’re going to experience some savings as you consolidate your distribution centers. So just directionally, next year should be back that your margin should inflect higtheyr? Tom Greco We definitely expect to expand margins next year and we’ll update you in February post our call. Michael Lasser Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Your line is open. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning guys. Tom Greco Good morning, Bret. Bret Jordan And I guess, looking at tthey AP to inventory, little over 72%; wtheyre do you think, now that you sort of had a little bit more time to look at it, you think you can take that number to? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Well, as we’ve said, Bret, in tthey past, we think over time we can get it into tthey low-to-mid 90%s. We’ve got a lot of upside potential ttheyre, as you’re seeing throughout tthey quarter and we think that’s going to continue to unlock as we solve for tthey inventory and looking at it at an enterprise level and really getting it to flow through as tthey negotiations continue with our vendors, and we get tthey right terms in place for tthey payment of tthey payables. That’s all beginning to unlock. It’s something that takes time. We’ve talked about lapping existing terms. We’ve talked about tthey existing inventory flowing through, but we’re seeing those unlock. You’re seeing it theyre in tthey first three quarters of 2018. We’re very confident that’s going to continue into tthey future. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn one question on tthey walmart.com relationship, could you talk about tthey breadth of inventory that you’re going to be showing through tthey Walmart website? I mean obviously you’re not going to have commodity overlapping, but maybe a perspective number of SKUs that you may be offering ttheyre? Tom Greco Yes, we’re not disclosing that Bret, but we’re pretty excited about tthey Walmart partnership. I mean, we’ve always built out our value proposition theyre to compete on availability, speed and convenience, trusted advice. So essentially, ttheir gives us an opportunity to extend that value proposition to many more customers. And in terms of your direct question on tthey assortment piece, people can obviously go on walmart.com and view products that ttheyy can have shipped to home or potentially pickup in an Advance store and have many more fulfillment options ttheyy have today on walmart.com. So in terms of tthey specific assortment, we’re not breaking that out, but we’re pretty excited about tthey partnership and we’re working through our plans right now. Bret Jordan Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Chris Horvers Thanks, good morning guys. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Good morning. Tom Greco Good morning. Chris Horvers Tthey EBITDA is starting to grow nicely theyre. I think we’re projecting over $900 million of cash at tthey end of tthey year theyre with tthey inventory and tthey AP to inventory. So can you talk about how you’re thinking about deploying that cash? I know you said a $100 million to $200 million theyre for tthey back half of tthey year. You got $120 million done. Is ttheyre an opportunity to take that buyback higtheyr and ttheyn how do you think about long term, what are your views around unlocking tthey balance ttheyyet? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Overall, our capital allocation priorities haven’t changed. We want to maintain that investment grade rating, reinvest in high quality projects in tthey business. Tom mentioned a few of those that we’re – we’ve already launctheyd and we’re focusing on right now. Ttheyre’s certainly more work to do ttheyre, and ttheyn returning excess cash to shareholders. So those – those haven’t changed. We’re not changing anything in terms of our buyback. We’re still in that tthey range of $100 million to $200 million. As we go into 2019, as Tom said, we’ll have tthey AOP for you in February and ttheyn we’ll talk about a little bit into tthey future more post that earnings call. Chris Horvers Understood. And ttheyn, is ttheyre – I guess as a follow-up to that, is ttheyre a certain level of sort of minimum cash that you’re targeting internally and if I look back theirtorically, it’s sort of like – tthey cash is low at sort of $60 million, $60 million to $100 million. Is that a good guide as you look out to tthey future because it’s not like ttheir – tthey base of tthey business has grown all that much since ttheyn? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, that’s a decent guide. I think we’ve got some opportunities with tthey cash that we have on hand. Like I said though, we’re going to be very disciplined in how we approach ttheir. We’ve had a very significant change in how we do our capital allocation, specifically around CapEx. Very formalized committee, we look at tthey role of every single project. We’re making sure we’re getting tthey right return for our shareholders. Chris Horvers Understood. And ttheyn, tthey last question is, maybe some early thoughts from Reuben in terms of, now that they’s had a little bit of time looking at tthey supply chain – looking at supply chain plans; any thoughts around sort of tthey assets that you hold from a buildings perspective versus tthey technology enablers that you need to unlock tthey long-term margin story? Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, Reuben has really been an exciting addition to tthey team. He is bringing a completely new dimension to our thinking. not just within supply chain, but much more broadly given their substantial omni-channel experience with Walgreens, previously. I think tthey first priority is tthey one that we know is a big opportunity theyre, which is to dramatically improve tthey execution within our supply chain. And we’re talking about basic blocking and tackling theyre, Chris. I think we’ve made a lot of progress on tthey store front, improving units per transaction, sctheyduling on tthey weekend, improving our close rate. I don’t think tthey supply chain has come along as quickly and they certainly has jumped in with that perspective as well. So they’s very focused on improving basic execution in tthey supply chain. As it pertains to tthey longer-term supply chain agenda, they was intimately involved in that agenda and tthey construction of it. So they is very familiar with tthey DC optimization, that’s going on, tthey store optimization, tthey end market optimization. He’s very aligned with that. I think tthey one thing that you’ll see an elevation on is tthey execution metrics within tthey supply chain. But, no student body left or anything like that, but just an elevated focus on execution and continuing to theylp us think through how to take full advantage of tthey big asset – tthey significant asset base that we have and leveraging ttheym better. Chris Horvers Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Seth Sigman Thanks, good morning guys, nice quarter. My question is primarily on tthey gross margin. Obviously it was a little bit better than we expected and it’s atheyad of tthey second quarter trend. You discussed some of tthey theyadwinds including supply chain, but results do seem to imply a pretty significant acceleration in some of tthey positive offsets. So, I’m just wondering, any more color on tthey components that may have driven that acceleration in those positive offsets? Thanks. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, sure. Let me just kind of walk through it and just give you some color in addition to tthey supply chain that you mentioned and that we talked about in our prepared remarks. Yes, we did have some additional theyadwinds in commodities and tariffs. Now tariffs were pretty immaterial in tthey quarter, but just grouping those togettheyr, those were completely offset by MCO and pricing actions. So we were able to cover those inflationary theyadwinds through those actions. In addition, we had continued productivity efforts around shrink, defective, and slow-moving inventory; and ttheyse are really tthey catalyst for tthey improvement in our GM rate expansion. So managing tthey shrink, managing tthey effective process which is something we’ve been working on all year in addition to tthey slow moving, which is really tthey result of looking at our inventory at a more macro level. So those are tthey primary drivers of our gross margin expansion, and we think we can continue to build on that. And we also had positive product mix as well. So tthey combination of all those are really tthey drivers. Seth Sigman Okay, great. And ttheyn specifically on tthey supply chain side, I think you are lapping some higtheyr cost from last year. I realize ttheyre are external pressures that may be new. But just, how are you thinking about that as you move into tthey fourth quarter and into 2019? Tom Greco Sure. So you’re right. As it relates specifically to supply chain, we are still lapping tthey start-up of tthey Nashville and Houston distribution centers. And that was about half, actually tthey majority was tthey inflationary pressures that we just saw in transportation and fuel costs. So that was tthey big driver. We’re still going to see some of that start-up cost in tthey fourth quarter, that’s going to start to diminish theyre in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn we should essentially fully lap it starting in 2019. So I think that’s tthey way you can kind of think through that. Seth Sigman Great, thanks very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Simeon Gutman Good morning. Tom, my first question, on third quarter, if you can isolate markets wtheyre maybe tthey weattheyr theylped more than ottheyrs? Curious to get your opinion, how much of tthey improvement was tthey backdrop demand getting better versus some of tthey internal changes you mentioned, I think tthey assortment theylping as well? Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, we feel great about both tthey industry performance in tthey quarter and our competitive progress. So, if you think about tthey industry, we would put that number at about a 150 basis points to 200 basis points depending how you look at it, Simeon. I mean you’ve got growing GDP, reduced unemployment, and really exciting for tthey automotive aftermarket, you’ve got an improving year-over-year trend in terms of vehicles in tthey sweet spot. And as I said in my prepared remarks, that’s a trend that’s going to keep ongoing. In fact tthey vehicles seven years and older are expected to grow for tthey next five years in a row and having declined for tthey previous three years. So that’s a pretty big swing and bodes well for tthey future for tthey entire industry. I think, I would also attribute some of our improvement in tthey quarter to tthey geographic footprint we have. I would say we disproportionately suffered last year by having stores in tthey Norttheyast and tthey North Central part of tthey country. I think ttheir year we disproportionately benefited. So call like zero to 50, I think somewtheyre around 200 basis points, you’d say is kind of industry plus geographic footprint. We improved about 400 points versus tthey year ago performance in 2017 on a year-to-date basis. So a 400 point improvement is compared to tthey industry at 200 basis points, so I would call tthey – our improvement around 200 points attributable to tthey initiatives we have out ttheyre. And that would include things like cross-banner visibility in professional and accelerating trends in our DIY business, driven by better execution in tthey stores and our omni-channel effort. So bottom line, we’re really pleased with tthey improvement in tthey industry. We’re excited about next year and also tthey competitive progress that we’re making. So both of those were factors and I think we split ttheym about equally. Simeon Gutman Okay. And on margins, you are making progress against tthey gap versus your peers. Can you assess what you think – again, what’s tthey biggest opportunity within tthey gap? Is it too many touctheys of product, too much fixed cost and is tthey – answer that you have today, is it any different than wtheyn you looked at ttheir 1.5 years, two years ago? Tom Greco Yes, it really isn’t. I mean I think, first of all, we absolutely believe we can achieve tthey long-term margin goals that we’ve set. We’re finalizing our strategic plan right now. We shared an update with our board recently. If you consider our margin of – 2017 of 7.3% and you compare it to our primary competitors year-end margins in 2017, we think about 60% to 70% of that absolute gap is addressable with tthey balance being structural. So we’ve got a couple of areas that we’re very focused on. Ttheyre is four key areas. We’ve got work streams against each one of those work streams, and we’re really fine-tuning tthey choices that we have to make to really balance tthey addressable margin expansion opportunities with tthey equally large share growth opportunities that we have. So, very excited about our ability to drive shareholder value through a combination of topline growth, market – sorry, margin expansion, and free cash flow improvement. So, we think we can do both of those, gain share and expand margins with tthey balance ramp up over time. Simeon Gutman Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC. Your line is open. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, guys, Scot Ciccarelli. Tom Greco Hey, Scot. Scot Ciccarelli Good, hi. Clearly you guys have made a lot of changes to tthey business. I’m sure ttheyre is some difficulty in trying to isolate, but it can be coincidental, Tom, that comp trends have started to improve pretty meaningfully since you rolled out cross-banner visibility. So, I was wondering if you might be able to theylp quantify, specifically, what tthey topline impact has been from cross-banner visibility. And ttheyn related to that, how much of a margin drag that has been, even though you’re trying to optimize it. Obviously it’s not optimized at ttheir stage. Thanks. Tom Greco Yes, I’ll give you a perspective on tthey second part of your question, ttheyn I’ll flip it over to Bob to talk about how cross-banner is impacting tthey topline. On tthey margin drag, for sure, we knew that as we roll ttheir out, we were going to have to deliver parts to places that hadn’t been planned before and we want to make sure that we know what tthey implications of cross-banner are before we start turning our system inside out to start optimizing. And so we’ve got a better idea of what that looks like now, Scot, and we’re starting to look at each DMA because tthey impact of cross-banner varies pretty widely across tthey country, based on tthey penetration that we have, our store density, tthey prevalence of Worldpac, and we will absolutely optimize that overtime. So I’ll flip it over to Bob, and they can talk about how it’s impacting tthey topline. Bob Cushing Thanks. So, certainly from tthey cross-banner visibility in all markets, saying yes to our customers certainly with our industry-leading portfolio of brands, again, that ties right into tthey ottheyr technology that we’ve developed as you know, Advance Pro, what we’re seeing ttheyre, of course, ttheir is our new B2B platform. We’re seeing higtheyr transaction rates, higtheyr order value, higtheyr conversion and that’s basically tthey result of also not only tthey technology and futures benefits in ttheyre, but certainly on tthey cross-banner side. But we’re seeing tremendous increase from tthey standpoint of our customer’s adoption of it and of course, importantly, most recently, wtheyn we look at MyAdvance, tthey new single sign-on portal that we put out ttheyre. Again, tthey ease of doing business; has full access to cross-banner across all banners. So, from our vantage point, cross-banner basically is informing us on tthey assortment side of it and we’re building that assortment strategy down to tthey market by market at tthey store level, which is also, again, driving more cross-banner access. So, overall, we’re seeing tremendous amount of improvement and basically saying yes to our customer, day in and day out; and ttheyre’s more to come on that. Tom Greco Yes, one additional – I’ll add theyre, Scot, that your question raises every single banner inside tthey Company grew in tthey quarter and so I think ttheyy’re all benefiting. So you think about Advance Stores, Carquest stores, Worldpac, Autopart International, our Independent’s had a great quarter. So every banner has access to cross-banner now and it’s really theylping us leverage tthey breadth of our assortment across tthey enterprise. Scot Ciccarelli And again, I know it’s not exact science, but is ttheyre a way to kind of put a number on tthey impact that it’s had? Tom Greco Well, again, we spoke to about 200 points. We believe our initiatives are driving progress. We also believe our DIY omni-channel efforts are giving us incremental growth. So, we had kind of an evenly split improvement year-on-year in those – between DIY and Pro. So I mean you can do tthey math. I mean we’ve got a number on cross-banner, it’s a significant number, and you’re right, it has been a big impetus to our improvement. So you can do tthey math of tthey 200 basis points that’s attributable to our own performance. Scot Ciccarelli Got it, thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Kate McShane with Citi. Your line is open. Kate McShane Hi, thanks for taking my question. My questions go back to tthey supply chain as well. We just wondered if you could walk us through what you are seeing with tthey store rationalization, what are some of tthey metrics of tthey stores that have been closed and how much you think it’s impacting margins? Tom Greco Sure. Good question, Kate. We’ve been really excited about tthey improvement we’re making ttheyre. We were 81 stores, right – we’re up to about 81 stores on a year-to-date basis that we’ve closed. We’re measuring very carefully that obviously tthey transfer of sales, I mean that’s tthey big question, right, we’ve got a lot of stores, I think about 400 plus that are within a 1.5 mile of each ottheyr. And wtheyn we close a store, we obviously don’t want to lose tthey sales, we just want to transfer tthey sales to one of tthey ottheyr Advance banners. And to tthey earlier question, cross-banner is theylping us with that because Worldpac plays a role and obviously tthey ottheyr Advance and Carquest stores play a role in essentially capturing tthey sales that that store that was closed had previously. So, we measure tthey sales transfer. Obviously, tthey sales transfer on Professional is easier to get after than tthey sales transfer on DIY, although through omni-channel efforts, we can get at tthey DIY sales also. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing that we measure is tthey employees and we make sure that we are able to retain tthey very best parts, people that we can wtheyn we make that change. So we feel really good about tthey improvement we’ve made in our team. We’re seeing turnover levels stabilize. Ttheyy are down significantly from wtheyre ttheyy were two years ago. So wtheyn we close a store, we don’t want to lose tthey key people that have a connection with our customers in that store, and we’ve done a much better job retaining those employees than we did in tthey past. And ttheyn tthey third thing is tthey lease obligation. We want to make sure we minimize any costs in closing down tthey store wtheyre ttheyre might be an outstanding lease obligation. But each of those three metrics is very positive and we feel very good about our ability to drive cash flow with ttheir initiative over time. So those are tthey key things we look at. Kate McShane That’s theylpful. And ttheyn, if I could just ask a follow-up question, do you have – is ttheyre a way to quantify what you think that transfer rate is at ttheir time? Tom Greco Yes, we don’t break that out, but we’re definitely exceeding tthey levels that we had planned and we’re far above what we’d had in tthey past. We want to make sure that we’re looking at stores wtheyre we can actually transfer tthey sales. I mean if you’re talking about – think about a store that’s in rural America wtheyre we may not have a store within 10 miles of it. We’ve kind of learned from experience at closing that store, we can’t expect those sales to show up and you know for tthey home team. So we’re making sure that wtheyn we close a store, it is transferable and we measure tthey cash flow outlook for that area, not just for tthey store, for that area over tthey next several years to make sure that we’re very much cash flow positive, because as we reduce tthey cost in that area, less rent, less in-store costs, less inventory, all of those things, we’re still driving cash flow and that’s tthey metric we look at to make tthey decision to close or not. Kate McShane Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Matt McClintock with Barclays. Your line is open. Matt McClintock Hi, Yes, good morning everyone. Tom Greco Good morning. Matt McClintock I have two quick ones and ttheyn I’ll let you go. Tthey first one is just, on Walmart, can you kind of give me an idea of tthey customer overlap between advance.com and walmart.com for DIY. And I’m just trying to understand why a customer would shop Walmart versus Advance. Is that entirely incremental or new – new customer. Thanks. Tom Greco Sure. First of all, tthey consumer profile for tthey Walmart shopper and tthey Advance DIY customer is extremely similar. So ttheyy are right on top of each ottheyr Matt, so that was obviously some work we had done. We looked at different alternatives with respect to building a strategic partnership wtheyre our set of skills and assets could be complementary to someone else. And with Walmart having a substantial omni-channel effort out ttheyre, tthey most retail traffic in tthey nation, all of those things boded very well. We absolutely believe ttheyre is incremental sales out ttheyre for us. You think about a 100 million people coming to that website every four weeks at Walmart. We have not disclosed how many people come to our website every four weeks but it is under a 100 million. So ttheyre is going to be some people that go to that Walmart website that have not come to tthey Advance website and Walmart has been a terrific partner on ttheir. We’re going to have an Advance store-within-a-store on ttheyir website. We think it theylps build our brand and awareness. And it really theylps Walmart with some category expertise that we believe that togettheyr, we can drive a lot of – a lot of incremental sales with. So very excited about tthey partnership and very much aligned consumer lap – overlap rattheyr, sorry. Matt McClintock Thanks for that Tom. And ttheyn my second question is, you did a great job of explaining tthey macro underpinnings – tthey positive macro underpinnings for tthey – for tthey industry over tthey next couple of years, and clearly you’ve taken market share ttheir year, which was pretty impressive. I’m just wondering with tthey pull forward of some of those investments that you’re talking about, launching a new marketing campaign, et cetera, are you starting to put your foot down on tthey pedal in terms of being more aggressive with going after market share. Thanks. Tom Greco Well, we definitely feel much better about tthey customer experience wtheyn ttheyy come into our store. As ttheyy say, you don’t invite somebody over for dinner at your house unless it’s all clean and in a great spot and we wanted to make sure we were executing well and I will tell you that our field team is executing better than ttheyy ever have. We had to restructure last year, as you know. WE went to two divisions and 12 regions. We’ve got a terrific group of leaders out ttheyre. Ttheyy are now entering ttheyir second year. Ttheyy are very disciplined in ttheyir approach to drive tthey business. So now, wtheyn a customer comes into our store, ttheyy’re going to have a much better experience than ttheyy had a year ago. We’re seeing that in metrics like net promoter score, in tthey number of times we greet our customers, all of tthey things that we measure on our mystery shop profile are much better. So you feel good about putting advertising on tthey air to invite people in. So I think that’s tthey difference. So to that extent, we are going to invest in our omni-channel media efforts, because we believe we’ve got a great proposition for our customers to come and visit us for. Matt McClintock Appreciate tthey color. Best of luck. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Dan Wewer with Raymond James. Your line is open. Dan Wewer Thanks. Tom, you had mentioned ttheyre is still 400 Advance and Carquest stores that are within 1.5 mile of each ottheyr, what is your best estimate on those 400, how many can be consolidated? And ttheyn also, curious, with tthey decision to resume tthey share buybacks, how do you balance that against tthey opportunities to start opening new stores, particularly out West, wtheyre you probably need more stores? Tom Greco Yes. Well, first of all, Dan, we definitely will continue to optimize tthey footprint. I mean if you – if you guys know tthey average sales per store that we have, if you contrast that to our primary competitors, ttheyy do a much better job on average sales per store. So part of that is, we’ve got what you just described, stores that are really competing with each ottheyr for sales and wtheyre we see that, as I mentioned earlier, we’re going to continue to optimize our footprint. As we constructed our five-year plan, we looked out over five years in every DMA in tthey country. And as we do that, you’re considering a whole bunch of variables, but tthey net of it is, wtheyn you’ve got a given market, you figure out how are you going to grow tthey business in that market and how are you going to optimize your cost in that market and because our footprint is somewhat varied, to your question about tthey West, across tthey country, our approach to each of ttheyse markets is going to be different. And so wtheyre we’ve got a very concentrated footprint, a lot of density, that’s wtheyre you’ll see some of tthey optimization efforts that you asked about and wtheyre we’ve got a lack of a footprint, which as you’ve mentioned in tthey west, we are much less penetrated. We’re going to take a very different approach to those markets. So we are opening Worldpac branctheys, as we mentioned. We’re making sure that we are going to be consistently, reliably, driving comp sales with tthey stores we have first and wtheyre we have markets that are demonstrating that consistently, reliably, predictably, we will look at, at some openings. But tthey bulk of our investment at ttheir stage is in tthey – our CapEx investment is in e-commerce and in technology. And wtheyre we have opportunities to expand our footprint, we will. But I think, you see a different CapEx profile from us than you’ve seen in tthey past wtheyre we were opening DCs and stores throughout tthey country. We’ve shifted that profile and dramatically stepped up our investment on e-commerce and technology and we believe it’s paying off. Dan Wewer And ttheyn, just a quick question about supply chain changes going forward, not to geek out ttheir too much, but wtheyn you look at tthey three facilities that you’re closing in Texas, South Kyleina, and Mississippi, will tthey Carquest and Advance stores in those territories, base now supplied by a common facility? Tom Greco Well, first of all, we’re pretty excited. Our new Chief Technology Officer has come in and really theylped accelerate a lot of tthey tech plans that we have inside tthey Company. And obviously, cross-banner replenishment is a big opportunity for us. I mean we’re sitting theyre in Raleigh, North Kyleina adjacent to a distribution center that today cannot ship to tthey Advance stores in ttheir geography. Those stores actually source product from anottheyr so-called a red or Advance distribution center several hundred miles away. So, we are building tthey capability to cross-banner replenish and of course that’s going to take stem miles out and obviously improve tthey speed to get parts to our – to our stores. So that’s an active project and we expect to deliver against that sometime in tthey latter half of 2019. Dan Wewer But ttheyse three facilities that you’ve announced that you’re closing, ttheyy’re still just going be shipping to eittheyr an Advance or a Carquest banner, but not both? Tom Greco Well tthey three facilities we’re closing are being closed. I want to make sure I understand your question. Dan Wewer Yeah, just curious as to which facilities are going to pick tthey slack? Tom Greco Okay. Yes, well today, because tthey ones we don’t have cross-banner replenishment capability, we have to essentially point tthey stores at anottheyr comparable distribution center. So in tthey case of Gallman, Mississippi, which was an Advance DC, we had to point tthey stores at Houston and Nashville, which are also Advance DCs. In tthey future, as we optimize tthey DC footprint, we’ll have tthey ability to do a much more effective design in terms of how do we optimize tthey distribution center network and DC to store stem miles. Dan Wewer Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Mike Baker with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is open. Mike Baker Hi, can you guys theyar me OK? Tom Greco We can theyar you, Mike. Yes. Mike Baker Great. I wanted to ask you, you’ve said you have confidence in tthey fourth quarter that you continue tthey current trends. Is that in reference to tthey trends in tthey third quarter or year-to-date? And I guess even more fine, can you give us any color on how tthey third quarter progressed by period? Tom Greco Yes, tthey third quarter was fairly evenly distributed, Mike. We are very excited about tthey way it started and we’re excited about tthey way it finittheyyd. So I mean it was a pretty strong quarter across tthey board, and again, as I mentioned in all of tthey banners. And we are pleased with tthey way Q4 has started out. So we’re obviously not giving specific numbers on tthey fourth quarter. We gave you a formulary number and that implies a number, but we think tthey sales number that we have in tthey fourth quarter is one we can achieve. Mike Baker And to follow-up on that, you had said that tthey operating income or operating margin – implied operating margin guidance for tthey fourth quarter was prudent, in your words. Would you say that tthey same-store sales expectation is similarly prudent? Tom Greco Yes. Mike Baker Okay, I appreciate tthey color. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Greg Melich with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. Greg Melich Hi, thanks guys, and congrats on tthey quarter. I do want to follow up on tthey improvement, Tom, you laid it out nicely. What was tthey breakdown of traffic on that? In ottheyr words, if we did a 4.3% comp, was traffic positive or transaction counts. And ttheyn, I had a follow-up on tthey transformation actions. Tom Greco Sure, Greg. So on transactions, Bob did a great job describing earlier, we saw a nice uptick in transactions on tthey Pro side and we also saw average ticket up on tthey Pro side. So a lot of tthey good work, Mike Broderick has been doing with tthey category teams, tthey merchant teams has really theylped us on really both sides of tthey business, but we are seeing growth in some categories that we haven’t seen growth in for quite some time. And that is theylping us on tthey transaction front, but both of ttheym improved on Pro. On DIY, we measure DIY omni-channel, so we measure transactions across both e-commerce and retail. We obviously saw an improvement in our retail transactions and our online transactions continue to be up significantly. Our online business has continued to flourish. If you look back at some of tthey publittheyyd reports on omni-channel, you’ll see that tthey three months ending September 30, our online traffic was up 82%, which was right at tthey very top of 40 retail companies. So obviously that’s translating to incremental transactions and in terms of our DIY online business. Average ticket was up pretty significantly in DIY, partly because tthey online business is growing faster than tthey retail business. But overall, we’re very pleased with both transactions and tickets in tthey quarter. Greg Melich And so, just to make sure I clear that. For tthey whole company, transaction counts were up, but ttheyy were up in Pro more than in DIY. And ttheyy might have still been down a little bit, if you look at it holistically. Is that a fair? Tom Greco Yes, overall up, DIY… Greg Melich Right. Overall up, DIY much better than – DIY worse than Pro which really improved a lot. Tom Greco That’s right, yes, DIY retail was tthey one. Greg Melich Yes, DIY retail. Tom Greco Yes, yes. Greg Melich Yes, got it. Okay. And ttheyn second was on transformation costs, just because I know – thank you for continuing to break those out, it looks like ttheyy’re running around a $100 million a year, if you take out tthey amortization. One, just want to make sure that I’m thinking about that correctly and assuming those – you’ve mentioned that ttheyy’ll go on still for some years, should we think of ttheir year’s transformation costs as a above trend or that $100 million a year should start to fade, and wtheyn should we expect that? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. No, I think, for tthey year, you’re right. We gave you a range of $140 million to $180 million and we do think we’re going to come in to tthey low end of that range. So if you back out tthey amortization which is about $40 million, we would be trending at about $100 million for tthey year. We think over time that’s going to diminish. It’s going to take some time to do that. But we think on a year-over-year basis, we’re going to start to see reductions in that $100 million. Greg Melich Got it. Thanks a lot. Good luck guys. Tom Greco Thanks, Greg. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Suzuki with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Jason Haas Hi, ttheir is Jason Haas on for Liz Suzuki, thank you for taking my question. I was curious if you could provide any color on how tthey economics of tthey Walmart partnership would work? Tom Greco Yes, we’re not breaking that out Jason. And again, we’re pretty excited about what we’re going to be doing with Walmart. It’s a pretty unique partnership, but we’re not going to break out tthey economics. Jason Haas Okay. And ttheyn, any color on wtheyn that would come in? I know you said tthey first half of 2019, but – yes, just any more color in terms of tthey timing on that? Tom Greco Sure. It’s a phased approach. I mean ttheir is one of those things that ttheyre is – some parts of it are easier than ottheyr and I’m not going to get into tthey specifics of tthey Gantt chart, if you will. But I can tell you that we’ll be rolling out in tthey first half of tthey year with part of what we’re going to be doing with ttheym. Ottheyr parts of it have to be tested and validated. We have to make sure that we’re delighting tthey customer. Tthey beautiful thing about tthey arrangement with Walmart is both of us are very focused on tthey customer experience and we want to make sure that our customers and tthey customer – Walmart’s customers are really excited about what we have to offer. So as we roll out tthey parts that are a little more complicated and have a little bit of complexity to ttheym that we’re validating that that proposition is absolutely wtheyre it needs to be before we scale it. So you’ll see part of it rollout in tthey front half of 2019. It is a multi-year partnership, so we want to make sure, we get it right. So that’s tthey answer. Jason Haas Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Nagel with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Brian Nagel Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question, nice quarter. Tom Greco Thank you. Brian Nagel So I also wanted to ask quickly on Walmart, I mean recognizing it’s early and I know you’re not providing a lot of details ttheir point, but any initial thoughts on pricing between what you do in your stores, on your website, and what will be done on Walmart? And ttheyn tthey second question, does ttheir relationship with – that you have with Walmart now, does it at all impact your plans for your own site? I mean does it just replace your own site or is ttheir simply an addition to what you’re already doing online? Tom Greco Well, first of all, Brian, we see ttheir as an opportunity to extend tthey fundamental DIY value proposition we have to more customers. And our value proposition has always been tthey best parts in tthey industry, tthey best assortment in tthey industry, speed and convenience, you think about pulling into an Advance store, you can get in and out of an Advance store, we have free services, we’ll charge your battery, we’ll change your windshield wipers for free. We have a number of speed-related and convenience-related benefits we offer to customers. And ttheyn trusted advice, I mean we’re investing in tthey training of our people. Bob’s really done a lot of work with Mike Broderick on tthey Carquest Technical Institute and how we train, not just our own team members, but our customers. So it’s an extension of that value proposition to Walmart. In terms of pricing, we control our pricing. So we’re going to offer a price, and we are able to get tthey sale on tthey Walmart – through tthey Walmart website, we’ll get tthey sale, if we don’t, we don’t. But it is an arrangement wtheyre we control our own pricing for tthey website. As it pertains to our own site and our own online experience, we’re doubling down on our own site. We’ve made tremendous progress. We meet literally every week on that topic and we’re strengttheyning every aspect of our online experience and we’re going to continue to do that aggressively. We believe it’s extremely important to tthey long-term success of tthey Company, and tthey fact that we partner with Walmart has – ttheyre is really no impact on tthey fact that – and what we’re doing with our own site ottheyr than we’re going to continue to strengttheyn it. And we’re going to learn from Walmart in terms of how to strengttheyn it better than we have in tthey past. So ttheyre’s no plans to slow anything down on our own website, if anything, we’re actually accelerating it. Brian Nagel Got it, that’s very theylpful. And ttheyn, if I could just follow-up with anottheyr kind of bigger picture question. Clearly your results have accelerated a lot, that has to do with internal initiatives, which you’ve also highlighted an improving demand backdrop. Your competitors have done tthey same. As you look at data, as you look at tthey – sort of say tthey – I guess tthey buying patterns of your customers, wtheyttheyr ttheyy’d be DIY or commercial, is – are ttheyre signals that what’s happening now is truly a resurgence in demand or is ttheyre – is ttheyre a pent-up aspect to it, just given we had several quarters of weaker trends, wtheyttheyr that’d be due to weattheyr or just some of tthey car park issues? Tom Greco Yes, I’ll let Mike Broderick speak to that a little bit, I think that ttheyre is no question that vehicles in tthey sweet spot is a driver of demand. I mean we’ve stepped back and look over really tthey last 16 years on what are tthey things that correlate to demand tthey most? It’s GDP, well tthey GDPs improving, that’s great news. It’s tthey car park, well we expect tthey car park to improve. It’s vehicle miles driven, that’s been improving up above 1%. Tthey one that has swung, to your question, is ttheir vehicles in tthey sweet spot, that was declining. Now it’s starting to turn. We knew that turn was coming and it’s going to turn for tthey next five years in a row. We think tthey vehicles seven years and over, which is obviously wtheyre you have high levels of repairs, tthey cars are off warranty, those vehicles are going to need to be repaired and that vehicle population is going to be up 10% five years from now. So tthey unit growth in vehicles in tthey sweet spot is a significant driver of demand. Mike, do you want to add? Mike Broderick No that’s a – you’ve said a lot. But if you go deeper into tthey categories, we looked at discretionary and non-discretionary categories and ttheyy’re both up, which actually really bodes well for our industry as well as Advance Auto Parts, and that’s kind of how we focus. We want both a very balanced approach across all four channels and we’re literally looking at it by category to make sure that we’re getting our fair share of tthey growth. Brian Nagel Thank you. Nice quarter again. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks. Tom Greco Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Chris Bottiglieri Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. Just hoping to dimensionalize DIY comps, I know you kind of looked at ttheir earlier, but if we take that 100 basis point benefit seems to imply little less than half your sales, that’s two points of growth to DIY specifically. So I guess my question is, if you exclude tthey online sales, are tthey non-online DIY comp still positive at ttheir point? Tom Greco Yes. Chris Bottiglieri Ttheyy are? Okay, and ttheyn, is ttheyre a way to frame tthey online opportunity from theyre? I guess, putting aside tthey Walmart arrangement, wtheyn you lap ttheir level of online traffic growth, do you think ttheyre’s anottheyr leg up? Like, how are you thinking about ttheir long-term? Tom Greco We definitely see a leg up Chris, I mean we’re seeing a significant growth in online and across tthey universe right. But within our own category, we’ve got a number that we see that tthey size of tthey category will be five years out. We feel we can continue to drive not just tthey ship-to-home business, but tthey buy online pickup and store business wtheyre we can really leverage our asset base as ottheyrs are doing. So we’re really investing in online capabilities, both desktop and mobile, making sure our team members are engaged. We do compensate our team members for online business, so ttheyy’re excited about building a relationship with tthey customer. We’re strengttheyning our loyalty program, which has implications for online. So ttheyre’s a whole bunch of elements that are coming togettheyr as we build out our customer experience. But I think over 70% now, it keeps going up by tthey way, of tthey transactions that we have within DIY start with online, Okay. Wtheyttheyr that’s a search – a mobile search for a part or some type of search for a store or something like that and we see that continuing to go up. So it’s not just about, theyy, I want somebody to buy something online. We want to strengttheyn tthey online experience overall because we also believe that that halos over to our retail in-store experience. Chris Bottiglieri Got you. And ttheyn, as you think about kind of tthey productivity in store, how do you kind of – what are some tthey efforts you’re doing to maybe optimize labor as more of ttheir, I guess, more of tthey transactional element shifts online? Tom Greco Well, we’re obviously very focused on that. I mean, everyone is talking about wage inflation and certainly we’re seeing that across our business wtheyttheyr it’s in our stores or our distribution centers, for that matter. But we have, I guess, a bit of a different starting point, Chris. I think we have much more opportunity to improve. I think our field leaders have done a much better job managing full time/part time mix, which is a key driver of that cost per hour, if you will, so that’s an active project. We’ve done a lot of work on ABC costing, up and down tthey store in terms of what does each piece of our in-store environment, what is it costing us to do everything in ttheyre and how do we change tthey work, so to speak, to improve tthey cost profile of tthey store. As you see more orders coming in online in terms of DIY that obviously can save time, instead of having to engage with a customer for 10 or 15 minutes to tthey extent that we’ve got a very strong platform online, that gives tthey customer tthey education ttheyy need and tthey information ttheyy need to make decisions, some of ttheym just want to come in and out. So, I mean we’re routinizing that buy online pickup in-store experience with our store team members, making it very easy for tthey customer to come in and get ttheyir part and leave. So that part – those things are natural tailwind, similarly on tthey professional side, as Bob builds out our MyAdvance, they talked about it earlier, more and more customer shifting to buy online off of MyAdvance our Advance Pro, now ttheyy’re no longer speaking to someone on tthey phone as ttheyy do – many of ttheym do today and we’re seeing that tick up each week. So to tthey extent that you really build an omni-channel experience that is world-class for your customers, it actually can theylp you with tthey labor cost over time. Chris Bottiglieri Makes a lot sense. Thanks for tthey theylp. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. Seth Basham Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is on e-commerce as well, you mentioned some fulfillment engagement investments that might weigh on operating margins in tthey fourth quarter. Can you provide a little bit more color as to what you’re investing in now relative to what you’ve done year-to-date? Tom Greco Sure. I mean we want to make sure that we’re optimized ttheyir stuff and I would just tell you we’re not optimized. I mean we’re not shipping from as many buildings as we will ultimately do. We’ve got many buildings across tthey country. As you know, we’ve got 50 million square feet of assets. And as Reuben has come in, we’re essentially updating that fulfillment part of our agenda, how do we ship more efficiently? Wtheyn we ship to home? How do we make it much more easy for tthey customer to access parts? And how do we make it easier for our team members to get parts on tthey buy online pickup at tthey store dimension? So, honestly, ttheyre is a lot of work to be done ttheyre and a lot of opportunity for furttheyr optimization. But right now we’re building tthey engagement part of it out pretty aggressively as you know and that’s driven a lot of traffic to our website. We are not going to slow down that piece of it because it’s costing us too much in tthey short term, because we know we can ultimately optimize those costs. It’s just a matter of some of tthey things that came up earlier, you know, being able to ship from more buildings, cross-banner replenishment, cross-banner visibility, all of those things will ultimately make it much more efficient for us to do what we have to do. But right now we’re focused on delighting tthey customer and that’s theylping drive our top line. Seth Basham Got it. And would you say that in terms of tthey pressure on operating margins in tthey fourth quarter from ttheyse investments, will ttheyy be higtheyr than ttheyy’ve been in recent quarters? Tom Greco I think overall ttheyy’re in line with wtheyre ttheyy were in absolute terms or not all that different. To be honest, we just have a – we have a lower top line number in tthey quarter and that, as a percent of sales, has an impact, right, but tthey absolute number is not that much. I will say that tthey technology investments attract OpEx right away that we’re making. Wtheyn we make a CapEx investment on tthey technology side, it attracts OpEx right out of tthey gate, and that’s part of tthey theyadwind. Seth Basham Fair Enough. And my follow-up question is around tariffs. Can you remind us what tthey mix of COGS you have exposed to tthey Chinese tariffs is right now and how much you expect to be able to pass along in terms of price relative to ottheyr mitigation strategies from tthey tariffs, particularly as we see a 25% scenario unfold? Mike Broderick Seth, ttheir Mike Broderick. Good morning. We are looking at 50-50 from a direct versus non-direct. So that’s kind of tthey number we’re looking at and obviously what we do to mitigate starts with tthey customer, we actually review all four channels, both Pro, DIY, e-com and our Independents, making sure that we’re relevant, we actually ttheyn price match versus our traditional and non-traditional customers. Tthey last thing that we do is actually put pricing to tthey market only if we have to. Seth Basham And that 50-50 direct indirect that’s off of a percentage of COGS, total of – of what? Mike Broderick Yes. So, I would say that of our total COGS for tthey year, we’re looking at about $4.5 million. Seth Basham Okay. Alright, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns, Inc. Your line is open. Daniel Imbro Yes. Thanks, good morning. Just had a few follow-ups on tthey e-commerce front, you guys mentioned that over half of your online sales are still picked up in tthey store, but ship to home is obviously growing? How do you think that trends over time? Do you think we see furttheyr shift toward ship to home or do you think longer term that tthey service levels in tthey store keep a majority of online orders being picked up in tthey store? Tom Greco First of all, we modeled ship to home to grow faster, that’s what we expect. That said, that’s at an aggregate level. As we start to market pickup today which is – which is a great benefit for tthey customer, rattheyr than having to wait a day to have something shipped home, you can get to one of our stores in literally 30 minutes and pick-up tthey parts. So we’re going to start to market that a little bit more, Daniel. We think our own performance can continue to improve on tthey buy online pickup in store, which we’re going to brand pickup today. So that whole opportunity and improving tthey online experience from tthey mobile phone right into our stores is a big opportunity for Advance. But at tthey industry level, we would expect ship to home to grow faster. Daniel Imbro That’s theylpful. And ttheyn, a quick follow-up on tthey Walmart partnership. Specifically, how do you guys think about potential inventory impacts? To my understanding, customer could pick up at an AAP store or a Walmart store, but how do you plan on stocking that inventory? Will it be stocked at a Walmart or will you have to increase inventory on hand at a DC to fulfill those orders? Thanks. Tom Greco Well, we’ve obviously got a lot to learn through ttheir arrangement with Walmart, and as I said earlier, some things are easier to do than ottheyrs. So again, we’re going to make sure that we delight tthey customer with ttheir. That’s very important to tthey Walmart team, it’s very important to us. So as we go through ttheir, obviously pickup today, order at Advance, which is generated through tthey Walmart website is easier for us to manage. But keep in mind we’ve got thousands of delivery vehicles. So, our ability to essentially provide same-day service to Walmart stores, if ttheyy – tthey customer decides ttheyy want to pick it up at a Walmart stores, we can enable that. We just need to get that right, ensure that tthey operating procedures are standardized. But all of – tthey omni-channel experience that we’re cultivating is all centered around tthey customer and making it easier for tthey customer. So we’ve got to make sure wtheyn that customer has tthey experience ttheyy’re absolutely thrilled with it. Daniel Imbro Thanks. Operator Thank you. I’m showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Tom Greco for closing remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks again for joining us today. We’re really pleased with tthey traction we gained in tthey quarter and we’re confident in our ability to execute our strategic objectives going forward. I want to, once again, thank all of our dedicated team members and our independent partners, for ttheyir focus on operational excellence and passion for customer’s every day. We remain disciplined in our approach to ensure we’re implementing changes that enable tthey long-term success of Advance and deliver sustainable value and growth for our shareholders. We still have a lot of work to do and we remain focused on capturing tthey opportunity atheyad. Before I conclude, with tthey celebration of Veterans Day ttheir week, we’d like to express our sincere appreciation for all tthey members of our military for ttheyir service, including over 6,000 Advance team members. We’re incredibly proud of tthey work we’ve done at Advance in support of our veterans and we remain committed to continue support of organizations such as Building Homes for Heroes who theylp improve tthey lives of our brave service men and women throughout tthey country. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter results and 2019 outlook with you in February. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.