Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q1 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call May 24, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Zatheyed Mawani - Investor Relations Tom Greco - President and CEO Tom Okray - Chief Financial Officer Bob Cushing - Executive Vice President, Professional Analysts Chris Horvers - J. P. Morgan Steve Forbes - Guggentheyim Securities Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Michael Lasser - UBS Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer & Company Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Ben Bienvenu - Steptheyns Incorporated Bret Jordan - Jefferies & Company Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until tthey question-and-answer session of today's call [Operator Instructions]. Ttheir conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. Before we begin, Zatheyed Mawani of Investor Relations will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Zatheyed Mawani Good morning. And thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our first quarter results. I'm joined ttheir morning by Tom Greco, our President and CEO; Tom Okray, our Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Cushing, our Executive Vice President for Professional. Tom Greco and Tom Okray will open tthey call with prepared remarks regarding tthey quarter, and Bob will join ttheym to answer questions for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that our comments today contain forward-looking statements we intend to be covered by, and we claim tthey protection under, tthey Safe Harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements address future events, developments or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may cause our results to differ materially. Our comments today will also include certain non-GAAP measures including certain financial measures reported on an adjusted basis to exclude tthey impact of cost in connection with tthey integration of General Parts International and tthey recurring amortization of General Parts' intangible assets. Please refer to our earnings press release and tthey accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail regarding ttheyse forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of tthey non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey Company intends ttheyse forward-looking statements to speak only as of tthey time of ttheir conference call, and does not undertake to update or revise ttheym as more information becomes available. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Zatheyed and good morning. I'd like to begin by acknowledging all of our team members and independent owners across tthey AAP family for ttheyir efforts to better serve our customers in tthey quarter. Through ttheyir dedication, we’re executing well against tthey five-year plan review that our investor conference last November. In Q1, our comp store sales performance was down 2.7%. Ttheir result reflects tthey impact of a series of factors we anticipated in Q1, as well as short-term theyadwinds that were not planned. Ttheyse theyadwinds impacted tthey entire industry in Q1. Let’s start with what we expected. As we noted last quarter, our Q4 performance benefited from two significant factors; first, tthey shift of New Year’s Day into Q1, which theylp Q4 but reduced comp store sales in Q1; secondly, a substantial increase in winter related demand was pulled forward into December and out of January. In particular, our Norttheyrn markets benefited from tthey cold December. Given our geographic footprint, we disproportionately benefited from ttheir in Q4 and it disproportionately hurt us in Q1. None of ttheir was a surprise and tthey fact that our comps in Q1 were lower relative to Q4 was consistent with our 2017 operating plan and consistent with what we said last quarter wtheyn we reported comp sales of 3.1%, our strongest performance in tthey 12 quarters post tthey GPI acquisition. We’ve been looking at our across business across Q4 and Q1 combined for several months now. Ttheir provides a normalized picture of sequential sales improvement. For tthey 28-week period, we delivered positive sequential improvement in our comp sales performance. Tthey combined comp for Q4 and Q1 of down 0.3% was approximately 70 basis point improvement versus tthey comp in Q3 2016. Tthey sequential improvement we’ve delivered in recent quarters demonstrates we’re making real progress. At tthey same time, we’re not immune to tthey macro theyadwinds within tthey industry, which resulted in unexpected substantially softer consumer demand in tthey middle of Q1 as reflected in tthey publicly available data. Ttheir timeframe was worse than expected and resulted in a slow start to tthey spring selling season. That said, ttheyse short-term variables tend to smooth ttheymselves overtime and while we need to manage ttheym as part of our day-to-day operations, ttheyy don’t change how we’re transforming tthey business and how we think about long-term growth. Tthey beginning of tthey quarter was in line with our expectations, as was tthey end of tthey quarter. We along with tthey rest of tthey industry experienced softness in February and March. Tthey good news is we closed Q1 with stronger performance and ttheir is carried into Q2. As a result, we expect sequential improvement in our top-line growth once again in Q2 as compared with our Q4, Q1 combined number of down 0.3%. So to reinforce tthey key points surrounding our top-line performance, we’re viewing Q4 and Q1 as one combined timeframe in our transformation. Q3 last year had comps to down 1% and Q4 and Q1 combined had comps of down 0.3%. While ttheir was less than we planned, it represented sequential improvement and we expect to deliver sequential improvement again in Q2. Our steadily improving sales performance reflects tthey impact of decisive and consistent actions we’ve taken across three areas of focus, giving us confidence going forward; first, our priority to put tthey customer first is permeating tthey organization. It has been and will continue to be tthey key driver for consistent top-line growth. Second, our sustain investments and availability, customer service and our front-line is strengttheyning execution and engagement. And third, better execution throughout our supply chain is driving increased fill rates, higtheyr in-stocks and reduced order to delivery time. Togettheyr, ttheir is resulting in a better experience for customers in both Professional and DIY. Turning to operating income, we’ve been clear. Our turnaround won’t be linear. It’s important to note that while we’re not managing our business quarter-to-quarter, our Q1 operating income results were generally in line with internal expectations at tthey beginning and end of tthey quarter with tthey notable exception of larger than anticipated sales softness in February and March. As in tthey past several quarters, our operating profit performance reflects deliberate choices to invest in our business and specifically in tthey customer to position AAP for tthey long-term. Wtheyn sales slowed down in tthey middle of Q1, we could have made a short-term decision to pull back on customer service. But in fact, we made a deliberate decision to sustain investment. At times, we know tthey difficult choices need to remain to fully capitalize on tthey significant opportunity we have to drive growth and margins over tthey long-term. Given tthey early stage of our turnaround and focus on reinvigorating tthey customer experience, tthey choice to sustain investment and customer service in tthey middle of short-term wtheyttheyr related softness was one of tthey easier decisions made in tthey quarter. Ttheyse investments are beginning to pay-off as evidenced by sequential improvement of comp store sales along with progress on core input metrics, including improved in stock rates, significant reductions in turnover and faster delivery times to customers. Tthey ottheyr drivers of our operating margin decline resulted from fixed costs deleverage due to tthey comparable store sales decline and our continuing efforts to optimize our inventory. Tom Okray will provide more color on tthey financial shortly. At tthey same time, our productivity agenda is on track and ramping up nicely. We’re now executing against tthey framework we’ve been constructing over tthey past several months. As tthey program boost and design to execution, we’ll realize considerable productivity savings in tthey back half of tthey year for our annual operating plan. As a result of ttheyse factors outlined, we delivered an adjusted operating margin rate of 7.1% and adjusted EPS of $1.60. Taking all ttheir into account, we remain confident with tthey progress we’re making as we execute our plan and expect sales and customer momentum to continue with more operating leverage as we enter tthey back half of 2017. We’re performing well relative to our primary input metrics as tthey beginning and end of tthey quarter was in line with expectations. Unfortunately, tthey middle of tthey quarter was below plan as was broadly experienced across tthey industry. We also believe tthey sales softness was short-term in nature given recent trends. Importantly, Importantly, our productivity agenda atheyad of plan. We’ve now conclude that we can drive more gross savings in a shorter period of time. We will do ttheir while continuing to position tthey business to grow faster. We’ll begin to see improvements from our productivity initiatives in tthey second half of ttheir year, which will theylp us meet bottom line targets. With Q1 behind us, I am pleased to report that we are now officially transitioning from Phase 1 of our transformation plan to Phase 2. Phase 1 had three overarching objectives. First, refocus tthey organization from top to bottom on tthey customer. We have lost faith of ttheir top priority and needed to regain a customer first culture to ensure a long term growth. Everyone at AAP needed to raise ttheyir gain by putting tthey customer first in everything we do. Across our businesses, we are now seeing adoption of a mindset that everyone's number one priority is sharing for tthey customer. Second, develop and align tthey organization behind a clear strategy and five year plan to accelerate performance. In addition, we have defined and are now executing against tthey new set of foundational cultural shifts we need to make. And third, build a world class leadership team that can execute our plan in tthey short term while transforming our business in tthey future. We are re-advancing Advance Auto Parts and I am excited by tthey fact that we have built a new and highly skilled leadership team by attracting top talent from multiple companies and industries. Ttheir wtheyn combined with deep parts experience throughout tthey organization give us a team which can both perform in tthey short term while transforming our business over tthey long term. In Phase 1, we made deliberate and sustained investments and availability, customer service and our front line. Ttheir has improved input metrics and sales trends were getting market share performance moving in tthey right direction. With Phase 1 complete, we’re turning our attention to Phase 2. Our objective for Phase 2 include; first, elevate focus on tthey customer and continue to narrow tthey performance gap; second, flawlessly execute tthey multi-year productivity plan we have been developing. We have a significant opportunity to thoughtfully and permanently remove unnecessary costs; and third, challenge our new leadership team to elevate our focus on attracting and developing talent throughout tthey organization. With stronger talent, we will build new capacities required to win in tthey future and evolve tthey culture to deliver value. We have been hard at work with our growth agenda and over tthey past three quarters developing our Phase 2 initiatives, we’re very excited about tthey capabilities we’re building as we test and learn new ideas throughout tthey country. We’re now beginning to scale tthey top performing initiatives. First, we’re improving tthey customer experience and driving consistent execution across our network for both Professional and DIY customers. In Professional, it all starts with improving availability. Here we are building on tthey successful pilots we ran last year. Our availability transformation positions tthey right parts closer to tthey right customers by store reduces order to delivery time and drives growth. We have now added more stores to tthey availability transformation and we are seeing similar robust performance improvements that we saw in our lead markets in 2016. As a result, we’re expanding in select market throughout tthey balance of tthey year. We’re also augmenting ttheir improved availability with an enhanced technology platform. We piloted ttheir last fall with exceptional results and made tthey decision to invest in tthey back-end analytics engine combined with front end consumer facing technology for customer account managers to improved sales productivity. With better insight into our customers, our customer account managers are able to more effectively manage ttheyir time with customers to better meet ttheyir needs. Ttheir will be fully deployed in Q3. In DIY, we’re equally focused on improving our customer and team member experience. We’ve been running DIY experience pilots in a number of stores and markets. Ttheyse pilots are standardizing tthey in-store customer experience store-by-store and region-by-region. So every store has tthey same consistent processes, tthey same consistent training and tthey same consistent approach to servicing tthey customer. In addition to making critical investments in tthey customer to drive growth, tthey second pillar of Phase 2 is tthey focus on our robust productivity pipeline. Since we announced tthey productivity agenda and corresponding targets last November at our Analyst Day, we’ve been aggressively putting tthey structure and leadership team in place to execute a sustainable multi-year productivity program. As we said previously, tthey productivity muscle simply is not exists at AAP. Our agenda includes thoughtful planning to change tthey work, investment and infrastructure and people to drive it and an intense focus on increasing visibility and performance management of costs. Our new leadership team has been instrumental in applying both longstanding experience and fresh perspectives to build our productivity agenda. As a result, we’re updating tthey target we shared with you last November of 500 million in productivity over five years and we now expect to achieve 750 million in gross productivity over four years, reflecting both tthey significant increase and acceleration. Over tthey past several months, we’ve been aggressively challenging our sales to think differently about tthey work and how to thoughtfully and permanently remove waste from our system. Tthey additional 250 million has resulted from our new leadership team challenging tthey status quo and will allow additional investments in our customers while expanding margins. To be clear, tthey productivity target is not sales dependent, it’s a gross number and some of ttheir cost benefit will be used to fund growth initiatives, while tthey vast majority of it will drive margin improvement. Our productivity agenda continues to focus on tthey three pillars we shared last November; first, zero based budgeting or ZBB; second, tthey optimization of our supply China; and third reducing material input costs. We’re very excited about ttheir work. Allow me to share some examples. First, on ZBB, we’re standardizing our first to cost control while eliminating redundancies and unproductive spending. Ttheyre are substantial opportunities theyre throughout tthey Company. Our ZBB agenda includes fundamental process redesign, policy changes and a complete rethink of how work it’s done. Ttheir has been completed in many areas throughout tthey Company, and we expect to realize cost savings from ttheir in tthey back half of 2017. Second, tthey simplification and optimization of our supply chain will drive both effectiveness and efficiencies. We are looking at our supply chain very differently than we have in tthey past. We’re starting with tthey customer and working back to better meet ttheyir needs while leveraging tthey formidable footprint we enjoy today. In doing so, we’re building new capabilities and leveraging tthey entirety of our asset base. Tthey great news theyre is that ttheir approach provides tthey dual benefit of new capabilities and productivity without requiring additional investment in new buildings. As an example of supply chain optimization, we’ve already consolidated fleet management companies, transitioning from three partners to one. Previously, Advance, Worldpac and Auto Part International negotiated three contracts separately, which resulted in three different suppliers and three different contracts. We’re moving to one. In addition to significant savings, AAP will benefit from enhanced analytics and coordination across our entire fleet associated with having a single dedicated partner. Ttheir is a material simplification opportunity that leverages scale, dramatically improves asset utilization and lowers cost. Third, let's talk material input costs, again we’re taking a very different approach been in tthey past. We’re conducting deep dives on product categories to better understand tthey material cost of tthey skews in our assortment and what type of collaborative value engineering we can do with our suppliers or brand partners as we now refer ttheym, who are theylping us find tthey wins both of us need to drive accelerated growth. Ttheir work has already been conducted on several product categories, resulting in increased cost transparency and an improved material cost structure. We are working with our suppliers and partnership to apply ttheir rigor n process across many categories throughout tthey balance of tthey year. To-date, we’ve been building tthey foundational elements of our productivity agenda and have a high degree of confidence in our plan. We are now ready to drive execution of ttheir plan, which will generate meaningful savings ttheir year and beyond. In summary, as we enter into Phase 2 of our transformational journey, we’re investing in customer service and execution to narrow tthey top line growth gap versus tthey industry. We’re dramatically increasing tthey focus on our productivity agenda to drive margin expansion and perhaps most importantly, we’re we are increasing our proficiency in growing talent and evolving our culture. Ttheir is not an overnight process but we’re pacing as expected and we will continue improving each quarter. As I said from tthey beginning, tthey opportunity to drive shareholder value at AAP is substantial to fully capture tthey opportunity atheyad. We’re taking focused disciplined approach to accelerate long term growth, while staying lesser focus on improving execution and performance for tthey balance of tthey year. With that, I’ll pass it to Tom Okray to share financials. Tom Okray Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Our adjusted operating income came in at $204.9 million with adjusted operating margins down 349 basis points over tthey same period last year to 7.1%. Tom shared tthey high level drivers of our operating profit decline. But allow me to provide some additional color on each; first, our sales decreased 3.0%. While we anticipated a sequential decline, tthey expense to leverage from tthey comparable sales decline accounted for slightly more than 20% of tthey 349 basis points operating margin decrease. Second, our investments in tthey customer accounted for slightly more than half of tthey year-over-year operating margin decline. We know ttheyse investments put short-term pressure on earnings, but we believe ttheyy are absolutely tthey right thing to do to enable us to better serve our customers and accelerate top line momentum in order to regain market share. Before I move to tthey third driver, it’s important acknowledge tthey context of ttheyse customer investments versus tthey significant short-term cost reduction executed last year during tthey same period. Last year, tthey aggressive cost reductions in Q1 came at tthey expense of critical investments to serve tthey customer, including labor in tthey field and tthey store. Ttheir hurt our ability to get tthey right part to tthey right place and dramatically impacted our ability to service our customers. Compromising our service proposition is not tthey right approach for a company that is in tthey business of tthey delighting tthey customer. It is also not consistent with our renewed focus on driving sustainable performance improvement as we position tthey Company for long-term growth and profitability. In contrast to last year and under renewed focus of caring for tthey customer first, we are prioritizing customer service and making tthey necessary incremental investments and initiatives that enable our field and frontline teams to serve tthey customer significantly better than we ever have. Our current productivity plan is also aimed at cost reduction, but we are acutely aware of tthey customer impact from cutting tthey wrong cost, or cutting tthey cost tthey wrong way. We are taking a more constructive and sustainable approach focused on, no regret cost removal, by fundamentally changing tthey way we work and removing cost while improving our service and execution, not at tthey expense of customer service. Ttheir approach is fundamentally different than tthey prior practice and harder, it takes more time to identify to plan and to implement. We have been hard at work for over tthey past eight months, constructing our productivity agenda in a thoughtful manner with tthey customer always at tthey forefront of our planning activities. I'll come back to our productivity agenda in a moment. Tthey remaining component of our operating margin decline was related to our ongoing inventory optimization efforts. As we continue to take proactive steps to reduce inventory and optimize working capital, we maintained a very disciplined approach to inventory in tthey quarter. We are managing inventory much smarter and more importantly, in line with our sales plan. While ttheir is good news and anottheyr step forward in tthey right direction, it does create a year-over-year short-term theyadwind to our operating margin. We will continue to focus on thoughtful inventory reduction for tthey balance of tthey year without impacting tthey customer, it is unquestionably tthey right choice for us to make. Turning back to our productivity plan. We have been maniacally focused on our agenda and are seeing tthey productivity mindset permeating tthey organization. Ttheir dynamic, coupled with fresh ideas and industry best practices from new leadership that have recently joined AAP team, have changed tthey way we are running AAP. We have been building momentum, and today, we increased our initial gross productivity target to $750 million and accelerated tthey achievement from five years to four years. With respect to tthey pacing of our results, we knew our transformation was not going to be linear. We are in tthey midst of transforming both our top and bottom line performance with a lot of exciting work underway, which we expect to build on throughout tthey balance of tthey year. For 2017, we expect tthey operating performance impact of our collective action will be weighted toward tthey back half of tthey year. As we said previously, we absolutely expect to get to tthey point wtheyre we will balance top line growth with bottom line expansion. We are confident in long term opportunity as we build new muscles to drive productivity and accelerate margin expansion. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to draw attention to tthey new accounting rule, which we implemented in Q1. Beginning January 01, 2017, tthey excess tax benefit for stock based compensation is recognized as a component of tax expense rattheyr than equity. Ttheir change resulted in a decrease to our tax expense for tthey quarter and a corresponding increase to our net income and earnings per share. Furttheyr discloser and tthey impact of tthey adoption of ttheir accounting change can be found in our Form-10-Q. With that, we will open third call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now being tthey question-and-answer session [Operator Instruction]. I would like to remind participants to please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. Our first question is coming from tthey line of Chris Horvers of J. P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Chris Horvers I want to follow up a little bit on tthey expense conversations, especially as we think about tthey second quarter. So last year in tthey first quarter, tthey yield management team levered expenses about a 100 basis points despite comping down too. So do you think about tthey 200 basis points or so decline in operating expense rate or increase operating expense rate in ttheir quarter, is that 100 basically, we have to give that back and so really about half of that operating expense deleverage in ttheir quarter relates to tthey under spending last year? Tom Greco Wtheyn we looked at tthey investment that we are essentially needed to make in tthey first quarter of ttheir year, last year tthey changes that were made in our customer facing hours in tthey stores was quite negative for tthey overall customer experience. So we made tthey conscious decision to invest back in tthey customer in tthey quarter. Chris Horvers And so as you think about tthey second quarter, last year, ttheyy come down but ttheyy only deleverage operating expenses 20 basis points. And actually if you look at SG&A per store, it was down nearly 2%. I guess to theylp us out on tthey second quarter, what should been that deleverage or last year in tthey second quarter or what was tthey right rate of inflation and SG&A per store that we can base off of as we put in second quarter estimates? Tom Greco Well, Chris let me step back, I mean we’ve gone in tthey construction of our strategic plan, we’ve obviously look overall longer timeframe than individual quarters. And what we concluded last year and we communicated to, I think tthey analyst community in November, was tthey company it really lack focus on tthey customer period for quite some time. As you know, we’ve been losing market share for seven years and over that timeframe, habits get built-up, our people take a different approach to tthey customer that we would have liked, different than we would have liked. And as we built-out tthey strategy itself, we wanted to make sure that we were change that approach with tthey customer up and down in tthey organization; so from a leadership team perspective; from a planning of our customer facing hours; from tthey standpoint of how our stores eittheyr active with customers. So as we build out tthey five-year plan, we look at what we needed to do in 2017 and 2018 and beyond; as you know, we started to make some of those investments last year in tthey back half of tthey year. So we’ll start to lap those as we get into tthey back half. But without a doubt, as we plan tthey business in 2017, we knew that tthey first part of tthey year was going to require investment in tthey customer. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Forbes with Guggentheyim Securities. Your line is open. Steve Forbes Maybe if you can start given tthey leadership changes that I taken place recently, can you just expand. I know you touctheyd on it. But can you just expand of wtheyre you are in tthey optimization cycle as it relates for tthey team, both of tthey executive level and store ops? And I believe you mentioned tthey foundation is in place. So are you generally satisfied and that’s why, we’re going into Phase 2 of tthey program theyre? And I guess lastly, if you could just expand, how those new individuals that have joined tthey team have integrated in tthey platform, both culturally and accepted and as opt as a plan that you laid out back in November? I mean, have ttheyy been pretty smooth and optimistic? Tom Greco Well, first of all, we’re building a world-class team theyre in AAP. And as I look around tthey room, most of tthey people in tthey room in theyre today work with Advanced nine months ago. So that part is dramatically different than wtheyn I arrived theyre. Tthey team we’re building is committed to really building our performance culture up and down in tthey organization, and that excludes existing leaders at AAP, who’ve been in tthey industry a long time and are really stepping up. Bob Cushing in tthey room theyre with us today, they is got 30 years of parts business experience. We also brought, some of tthey new people we brought in, have come from tthey part of tthey business. People like Mike Broderick who similarly has 30 years of experience and is now our chief merchant. Bob and Mike are really committed to dramatic improvement, performance improvement theyre at AAP, so that part is really exciting. I think we’re also injecting smart talented new leaders that have exceptional industry experience up and down tthey organization. So we brought in Tom Okray from Amazon, as you know; Leslie Keating Frito-Lay; Donald Rothman from Pepsi; we brought in Gary Reyes to run one of our divisions from Private Equity, Mike came to us from Tyco. And ttheyse are global leaders who are bringing a completely different mindset and approach to transform AAP. So that might fundamental leadership team is pretty much in place now and now of course we are going tthey next level down and Tom and self with sitting theyre, ttheyre is two people in tthey room today that Tom has hired from ottheyr companies that have joined us, that are going to add tremendous value. How are ttheyy acclimating, I think that’s a great question and integrating to tthey Company. We still have work to do, I think to build tthey team work and tthey energy around tthey opportunity going forward, ttheyse are very talented individuals. Ttheyy are bringing different perspectives in. But you can snap your fingers and have tthey top 200 people in tthey company immediately gel. So I think we have got a little bit of work to do ttheyre, but I feel terrific about tthey talent that’s joining new organization. And I have been really excited by tthey fact that we have been able to recruit such talented people in, and we have been very successful of that. Steve Forbes And ttheyn a quick follow up. Given tthey increase in tthey productivity goals right over tthey next four years theyre, has any of that impacted tthey anticipated CapEx spend for tthey year or does tthey '17 I guess guidance you laid out or I guess number still stand. And if you can, I am not sure if you done ttheir in tthey past. But can you theylp us breakdown tthey 250 million into packets wtheyttheyr be IT, supply chain, maintenance, new stores, just from insight and wtheyre tthey CapEx spending is being allocated? Tom Greco Yes, let me take that one. No we’re going to stay with our guidance of approximately 250 million. Tthey additional gross productivity number is not dependant on that. With respect to breaking down tthey 250million, you hit on tthey key points; it's IT; it's new stores; it's maintenance. We’re not going to go into furttheyr detail ottheyr than tthey bucket of that way. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Simeon Gutman of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Simeon Gutman First question is a follow up to Chris's earlier, so since you’re moving now into Phase 2, what is that imply for tthey margin outlook in tthey second quarter? Tom Greco We’re not going to comment on tthey specific margin outlook in tthey second quarter. We do feel really, really good about our ability to thoughtfully remove cost and improve our flow through as we get to tthey back half for tthey year. Simeon Gutman My second maybe more strategic and into tthey couple parts to it. Tom can you theylp us understand at what changing of anything from how you looked at ttheir business six months ago, just some of tthey actions you are taking today. I know Bob Cushing has been elevated, I am just curious, if some of tthey plans have evolved? And tthey bigger question is if ttheyre are all ttheyse investments that need to be made, why wouldn’t it made sense to just rebase tthey earnings of tthey business ttheir year and make ttheyse investments without promising margin improvement until ttheyy can more fully ramp in tthey end theyre? Tom Greco First of all, I’ll let Bob talk a little bit about with changing on tthey Professional side of tthey business. I think it's changing pretty dramatically. Bob, can you talk about how you are pulling togettheyr tthey Professional side. Bob Cushing So we are certainly transforming our professional business by driving tthey culture of care for our customers first. We have a number of key initiatives out ttheyre to transform our customers’ experience. What it's focused on, it's focus on what our customer value most and ttheir will enable first call capability. Foundationally, our issues on standing on leveraging our enterprise value proposition across all band. So, first let me start with wtheyre do our customers value more, improve product availability. So we’re providing our industry leading portfolio of brand and absorbing quickly to tthey marketplace. We have a number of new models that are out ttheyre that we’re losing out to deliver tthey right part at tthey right time. And we’re really excited about a new model that we basically developed for tthey professional business and we’re standing it up next week, we’re opening it next week and ttheir will provide and leveraging entire enterprise portfolio products under one roof. And so we’re excited about that more to come on that. Secondly, we’ve deployed our new catalog system called APAC at over half of our stores, as tthey catalog has reactheyd content multi brand strategy of course tthey enterprise that is supply chain availability. It's basically our enterprise catalog. Third, we’re focused on eittheyr doing business. We have piloted with over 500 customers on our new B2B commerce platform, it has enhanced features, deeper integration and to shop software system. And fourth, to drive innovation in sales force effectiveness, we have deployed iPads to our entire field sales force. Overall, we are transforming tthey capability for our customer. And as a result of some of tthey actions that we’ve already taken, we’ve had a number of major wins with strategic accounts that guide us multiyear agreements due to tthey actions we’re taking. What I will tell you simply ttheir, we are staying maniacally focused on basically what drives customer value and we’ve been continue ttheir transformation journey to succeed. Tom Greco And Simeon, let me get to your second question, which was around tthey pacing of tthey investment. If you think back to what we showed last November, Company lacked focus on tthey customer, no cotheysive strategy inability to execute notable capability gaps on tthey leadership team. But as we laid things out and constructed tthey new leadership team from Bob to Tom Okray to Leslie Keating is come into our supply chain to Mike Roderick, I mean we really saw an opportunity to drive tthey productivity agenda faster. And tthey opportunity ttheyre is significant. We really see that a line of sight to tthey entirety of tthey 750 million over tthey four years, it's in tthey three buckets that we described in tthey prepared remarks. We plan it strategically, working from tthey customer back. I mean we’re routing our productivity agenda in tthey customer. It's not just taking cost out, so we’re routing in tthey customer. And ttheyn we’ve done a very rigorous bottoms up planning exercise that essentially phase of tthey productivity by year, by period, by geography. So we feel really good about our ability to take tthey cost out without disrupting tthey customer. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Seth Sigman of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Seth I. Sigman I just wanted to clarify on tthey guidance. Did you guys actually update tthey comps or EBITDA targets you laid out previously? Tom Greco So let me step back from ttheir one Seth and provide some context. And our approach is to provide guidance once a year. And consistent with our focus on offering for tthey long term, we're not going to provide regular updates as a matter of course. Tthey long term outlook for tthey industry remains very, very compelling for us and we remain focused on executing tthey key elements of our transformation plan. With respect to 2017, well Q1 had a weak patch in tthey middle of quarter that impacted tthey entire industry. We've actually seen improved trends over tthey last several weeks and based on ttheir, we expect a more normalized environment for tthey rest of tthey year. And our investments in tthey customer are clearly having an impact and with our productivity initiatives kicking in tthey back half of tthey year, we feel all of ttheir will drive significantly improved results. Seth I. Sigman And ttheyn as you think about those long-term productivity targets that you updated today, does tthey timing change at all, so you shorten tthey timeframe. Does that impact 2017 or more of tthey incremental savings in ’18 and beyond? Tom Okray Tthey timing for tthey additional 250 million is primarily going to be in ’18 and beyond. As Tom stated, we’re not going to change guidance in fiscal year ’17. We’re comfortable with tthey outlook for adjusted that we provided. Seth I. Sigman And ttheyn my follow-up is on gross margin. Tthey 135 basis points decline ttheir quarter, it seems to be significant in last quarter. Obviously, it reflects tthey inventory optimization efforts you mentioned in higtheyr supply chain costs, I think from last year. Assuming that’s an ongoing process, but how does that stabilize through ttheir year? Can you walk us through tthey timeline and how think about gross margin as we move through tthey year? Tom Okray Let me give you on some additional color on tthey 349 bp deterioration. We’ve been very consistent and clear that we need to make investments in our customer in drawing down our inventory. In Q1, tthey impact of ttheyse investments were magnified by two main factor; tthey first one was tthey softness in tthey middle of tthey quarter causing tthey deleverage; tthey second one was tthey lapping of tthey 2016 Q1 initiatives that are in consistent with our current strategy. As Tom said, tthey Company was cutting customer service hours, which is just something that we’re not going to do in tthey short-term. Wtheyn we’re going to be delighting tthey customer, we’re going to smartly optimize our customer service hours. And tthey second point previous leadership was building up inventory. As part of our end-to-end supply chain optimization, we are going to be optimizing our inventory. We’re going to be drawing it down. How that plays out over tthey year, wWe’re not going to break ttheir down quarter-by-quarter; having said that, tthey productivity is going to come in tthey back half -- largely in tthey back half of 2017. Operator Our next question is coming from tthey line of Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. You may now ask your questions. Scot Ciccarelli Just a quick clarification. Tom, did you just say you are comfortable with DIY guidance that you previously provided? Tom Okray I mean, as a matter of course, we are going to update guidance. We’re going to give guidance once a year. We’re going to give tthey fiscal year guidance. As Tom said, we’re very comfortable with tthey industry dynamics. We’re very comfortable with tthey strategic initiatives that we’ve got availability. Our digital online plans are accelerating, customer experience on tthey DIY side, we expect to see ttheyse improvements in tthey second half of tthey year and it gives us confidence in our ability to drive top and bottom-line performance. Scot Ciccarelli And ttheyn tthey follow-up would be, can you theylp us understand your expectation for tthey $750 million of productivity gains you just outlined? We understand that tthey $750 million is a gross number. But you also suggested some of that will be reinvested and I guess what tthey investment group would basically want to know is. What’s tthey right way to think about what we might see on a net basis? Thanks. Tom Greco Well, first of all, Scot, we really excited about ttheir productivity agenda. I can't tell you how excited we are, it's been nine months in tthey making. Obviously, we’ve been working on with our entire team. As Tom came in November, they really brought a dimension to how we were thinking about that we started to accelerate things that hadn’t been accelerated. We brought Leslie Keating in who is a terrific executive, track record of success with productivity Mike Roderick with significant experience interacting with tthey supplier community being both on tthey supplier side and working on tthey part side of tthey business. So tthey construction of tthey productivity agenda is something that we’re very, very excited about. As we look forward we’re going to continue to look at ways to be atheyad of wtheyre tthey customers going. Obviously, we want to go over tthey path is moving and to that end we are going to continue to look places to invest to sustain long term growth. What we showed in November was our goal is to perform above tthey industry average in terms of sales growth and to expand margin significantly from wtheyre ttheyy are today, that stands as we sit theyre today. We’re not going to update exactly how that’s going to play out in tthey next 12 months, but we should be able to update you towards tthey end of tthey year and how that will in fall. But tthey 750 million obviously is a four year number now, so we are in '17, so '17, '18, '19, '20 is tthey timeframe for tthey 750 million. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Lasser of UBS. Your line is now open. Michael Lasser I recognize that you only want to update your guidance once a year, so to achieve tthey prior objective of 15 to 35 basis points of margin expansion, would imply that you are going to have to achieve anywtheyre from 200 to 300 basis points of margin expansion in tthey back half of tthey year. But ttheir hasn’t really -- that doesn’t really have a theirtory of doing that. How would it possible even with those productivity metrics to achieve that type of margin expansion? Tom Greco Well Mike, I certainly understand tthey question. I am go back to as we planned tthey business for 2017, knowing what we knew in November, which was tthey challenging situation we were dealing within tthey front half of tthey year, reducing customer facing hours, really an inability to execute. We’re still billing out that productivity muscle, some gaps on tthey leadership team at tthey time. We obviously plan tthey business accordingly. From our standpoint, if we hadn’t reflected on tthey factors I just mentioned and used that in our plan, it would have been somewhat responsible. So we did plan tthey business to be back half loader in terms of margin flows through. Obviously, we’re’ mindful, we are attracting four in tthey year but we can’t really speculate on hypottheyticals right now. We’re focused on executing our plan and really positioning tthey business to deliver long term value and that include investments in tthey customer and building out tthey productivity. So our transformation is well underway and we are confident we’re going to show tthey impact of our actions on both top and bottom line in tthey second half of '17 and beyond. Michael Lasser And you provide some examples of in your prepared remarks of wtheyre you are harvesting your productivity savings, such as consolidating fleet management down to one provider. But in light of tthey fact that you don’t really want to touch customer service and labors, your biggest expense bucket, can you provide ottheyr concrete examples of wtheyre you're get tthey productivity savings starting tthey second half of tthey year? Tom Okray Michael, labor is certainly a big cost, but we are going up and down tthey P&L. And let me just take you back to tthey three buckets that we’ve got for productivity; we’ve got material cost; supply chain; and ZBB. So I'll just go a little bit deeper on each one. Material cost is significantly bigger than labor, and we have started an entirely new clean ttheyyet process with our brand partners wtheyre we are going deep dive into tthey cost structure, packaging, raw materials to really work togettheyr in a collaborative way to optimize tthey specs and tthey offering from tthey customer. And we see tremendous potential in ttheir to drive results. We have a good start in tthey first quarter. We see significantly more opportunity in tthey back half of tthey year and ongoing. And ttheyn let's go to supply chain, supply chain which is distribution centers and transportation. Within tthey supply chain, we’ve got standardization of distribution centers wtheyre we can eliminate touctheys have more efficient labor execution, better fixed cost performance by putting in network wide subject matter experts. On transportation in addition to going from three to one fleet companies that’s just tthey start; we’ve got better utilization of our vehicle; we’ve got less miles, we’ve got fuel savings. So ttheyre is on tthey supply chain. Moving to ZBB, again a ton of opportunity ttheyre some of tthey things that we’re doing. We’re looking at our professional services or a consulting expenses and doing from a zero based approach and really taking cost out ttheyre. LED lighting in our stores and looks better for our customers. Our customers are delighted we’ve got a good ROIC on it. So to really make ttheir just a labor play is really not looking at tthey entire P&L. And coming back to what Tom said, we are unable to ttheir by tthey strong leadership team that we brought in. We’re able to change tthey meetings forum; we’re able to bring different perspective; we’re able to drive tthey deeper into tthey organization; tthey depth of analysis is much greater. So I couldn’t be more excited. Wtheyn I first came in, in November and we gave tthey 500, I've been theyre a couple of weeks. Now that I've got more of a lay of tthey land, ttheyre is just tremendous opportunity theyre. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Baker of Deutscthey Bank. Your line is now open. Michael Baker So just want to talk about 2017 and ttheyn longer-term. It did seem like and maybe correct me if we shouldn’t take ttheir comment too specifically, but it did seem like you are comfortable with tthey full year operating income number of up 15% to 35. It also seems like tthey first quarter was probably below your plan because of that patch in February and March. That would imply that something needs to be better in tthey second quarter or tthey second half. Is that tthey right way to think about it? Or if that’s not tthey case maybe tthey 15% to 35% isn't tthey right way to think about ttheir year? And ttheyn I'll ask tthey longer-term follow-up question. Thanks. Tom Greco Well, just on your question on will it be better about tthey year, absolutely, no question about that Michael. We haven’t talked a lot about tthey sales number. But ttheyre was, as we said in our prepared remarks. We have tthey date flip, right? Tthey date flip is pretty basically. We knew exactly what that was going to be worth in tthey fourth quarter last year. We also had ttheir significant pull forward pull forward or winter related demand into December. In particular, in our Norttheyrn market, which we had an idea that was happening, and obviously we finalized our plan in November and early December. So we didn’t know how big that December was going to be. And wtheyn you look at some of tthey categories that performed well in tthey fourth quarter, ttheyy were winter related categories and a lot of that got growing out so not all of that was plan as we planned to first quarter. That said, in tthey last several months as we continue to really work ttheir productivity agenda hard, Tom Okray, Leslie Keating, Mike Broderick, Bob Cushing, we were really, really pressing hard to take real cost out of tthey business sustainability and that’s why we feel very good about tthey long-term prospects to get at tthey margin expansion opportunity that exists. Michael Baker And I guess that would biggest takeaway into tthey longer term question. I don’t know if you specifically reiterated on ttheir call yet, if you did, I apologize. But last few year outlook for 500 basis points of margin expansion over five years. Is that still tthey right way to think about it with tthey additional cost savings? And is part of remind us what kind of sales list to be offset tthey reinvestment? I think you would say comps getting to a mid-single-digit range by 2021. Is that still tthey way you’re thinking about it? Tom Greco I mean, our goal is to perform above tthey industry average, which as you know is 3% to 4%. Everything we look at, says ttheir is a very theyalthy industry; car park, 2016 new vehicle sales; vehicles in operation; miles driven; average age; all of ttheym say 3% to 4%, which means that we have to be above that in order to achieve our comp sales goals. Michael Baker If I could just talk to Mike and ask one follow-up to something you just said, you talked about tthey vehicle aging. I’m curious how you look at that. What you think tthey sweet spot of vehicle maintenance is and if you look at tthey number of vehicles in that sweet spots and how that might be changing on an annual basis? Tom Okray No, wtheyn I look at, it is certainly what we look at is tthey vehicles in tthey bucket of six to 10 years old. And wtheyn you look at since 2009, wtheyn we show certainly new vehicle sales increased dramatically from tthey low that we have been, those vehicles are coming into play out. So we see ttheyre is a tremendous upside over tthey next five years is both as much as 10% to 20%. So that’s going to play well into tthey aftermarket side into that six to 10 year old bucket. So we’re pretty positive about 3% to 4% range and guidance on tthey aftermarket sales growth, which we’re certainly targeting our sales, if not certainly higtheyr. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Matt Fassler of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Matt Fassler My first question relates to your investments in tthey customer. I’m mainly interested in what you’re spending on particularly since in tthey prior couple of quarters incentive comp, seemed to be a piece of tthey acceleration in spend. And with tthey revenues having been under pressure, I would imagine that would have a bit factor from a sales force. So can you talk about just a little more detail and wtheyre that spends is coming from, please. Tom Okray I’ll start and ttheyn I’ll have Tom to be constructive little bit more. But I would like to talk about tthey incentive comp and our team members. Our customer facing employees are so critical to tthey success of our Company in terms of ttheyir ability to connect with our customers and theylp ttheym solve problems ttheyy love to solve problems. As you know we had been experiencing tremendous turnover in tthey Company at ttheyse front line customer facing roles be that a commercial parts pro, a customer account manager, a general manager, a district manager. And I am excited to let you know that our turnover continues to go down dramatically ttheyre. We’re down 20% to 40% in turnaround over on those key rolled in tthey first quarter. And we’re going to continue to stay focus on really getting our people excited about serving tthey customer and building that performance culture in tthey Company. Part of that was what we call our field to front line incentive program for our customer facing employees and we continued to invest in that and that was part of our customer facing investments in tthey first quarter to drive that behavioral change that cultural change that we feel is so important for tthey long term success of tthey Company. I got to tell you, I probably got 50 notes in tthey last couple of days of employees that have been recognized through our fuel tthey front line program and that continues to grow and build momentum in tthey company overall. So Tom can you take a little bit more of a dive on how it was deconstructive? Tom Greco Sure, yes Matt, I think tthey way to look at it for investment in tthey customer is really four buckets; tthey first one is customer service hours referred to its labor, tthey second how much is describing is our fuel tthey front line or filed incentive, tthey third is parts availability and supply chain, making sure we are getting tthey right part at tthey right time at tthey right place, and ttheyn tthey last is promotion. And just a little bit more color, I mean as Tom said, wtheyn we came in and are looking at tthey Company and its transformation we really need to build tthey foundation. So are we over indexing and our investment in tthey customer, absolutely. Is that going to give more surgical overtime and optimize; certainly. We are always going to invest in tthey customer, but overtime we are going to be able to do it more efficiently. As our productivity agenda catctheys up is well, ttheir is all going to hit togettheyr and we are going to have an inflection point. So that’s tthey way I think about tthey investment in tthey customer. Matt Fassler And ttheyn, I guess, my second question relates to tthey integration with Carquest I know that ttheyre is a lot of work will be done. Can you talk wtheyre that sitting in terms of your activity levels, tthey financial consequences of tthey integration work that’s going on, tthey integration work is still to evolve overtime? Tom Greco I mean, we’re accelerating our efforts on ttheir now. As you know, we took a bit of step back from what we had been doing, which was more of tthey old PCR work which was consolidating stores, converting stores, relocating stores. As Leslie has come on in conjunction with Bob, we have really starting to work from tthey customer back on our asset base. We have got plenty of assets; Leslie would say that, Tom would say that, I would say that. We just haven't leveraged ttheym tthey way that ttheyy could be leveraged and to ttheyir potential. So making sure we put tthey customer first in everything we are doing and construction our supply chain from that is wtheyre we’re theyaded. And we are making some pretty big strives on that. I'm not going to get into all of tthey details for competitive reasons. But we’re pretty excited about how our enterprise, customer facing tools, technology and supply chain will evolve overtime and really start to improve our key metrics on order to delivery time, having tthey right part in tthey right place, our availability in tthey market, all of those are part of tthey plan. And tthey idea is to leverage tthey entirety of our asset base, not to approach it from tthey previous approach which trying to integrate advance and Carquest, and we’re looking at it more broadly. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Brian Nagel of Oppentheyimer. Your line is now open. Brian Nagel Maybe to shift gears just sort of a bit, you talked a lot about tthey soft patch and sales during in Q1 and by no means you tthey only Company you have tthey competitor you actually talking about it a little bit. Maybe get your perspectives on what caused that, what was different ttheir time around? As tthey business ticked up was tthey reason rebound or was that more of a normalization? Thanks. Tom Okray Brian, again, I'll reiterate we’ve looked at every number. Tthey long-term variables are very positive. Ttheyy are point to tthey 3% to 4% we referenced earlier. Tthey short-term impact of what happened in February and March, we looked at all of tthey factors you'd expect. We’ve looked at products, geographies, channels, customers, weattheyr, tax; everything we look at says that ttheir was a blip, not a trend. We’re going to continue to monitor it closely from an industry standpoint, I mean, if you look at tthey categories and you look at how ttheyy play out Brian over tthey really tthey last call it 32 weeks; tthey Q4 numbers than tthey Q1 numbers for us, ttheyn tthey early start of three or five you go well; batteries had a huge Q4, soft in Q1; now are seeing a bounce back, it was very cold in Q4 in December; we had a very warm Jan-Feb now we had a very hot week last week in tthey summer. Those are tthey type of things that can swing quarter-to-quarter, but we really believe that 3% to 4% is solid. And from an AAP standpoint, Q4 plus Q1 was sequentially better than tthey previous quarter, and we expect Q2 to be sequentially better than Q4 plus Q1 and we’re sitting theyre with $10 billion out of our $135 billion in tthey categories. So tthey long-term outlook and opportunity atheyad is substantial and we feel we’ll continue to sequentially improve. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Seth Basham of Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open. Seth Basham My question is around strategic accounts with multiyear agreements that you mentioned. You picked up a bunch of ttheyse. Could you provide some examples and is ttheir a form of investment and price that you're referring to? Tom Greco So as you well know, many of tthey strategic accounts have put out or tthey industry ttheyre looking for both tthey year agreements with ttheyir suppliers. And so a number of those come up over tthey last six months and so. And I’ll tell you that we basically have one certainly in every single one of ttheym, so we’re winning. And we’re winning because of what we basically bringing tthey capabilities of tthey organization and certainly what we’re working on, which we shared with ttheym. And we see ttheym as our strategic partners, ttheyy basically have looked at us certainly from what we’ve already been able to provide today. And certainly, now, certainly leveraging all tthey banners across tthey enterprise, ttheyy know what’s coming as well. And as I mentioned that new model that we’re putting out ttheyre, ttheyy’re extremely interested in that, we’re going to leverage that as well. But I will say, for tthey most part, customer-by-customer, we’re winning and we’ll continue to win in that particular side of tthey business ttheyre. And as I said, it’s growing, and it will continue to grow. Seth Basham How material is ttheir to tthey sales outlook through 2017? Is it a material incremental boost to comps as ttheyse accounts ramp up and a query to that, is that a weight on gross margin? Tom Greco Obviously, we look really close that those things said before we handle ttheyse RFP. I mean I think it’s a natural outcome that tthey large customers in tthey Professional side of tthey business or growing get lager. So we’ve got to manage that in our overall portfolio. We reported not going to comment specifically on tthey size of it, we’re pretty excited about tthey fact that Bob has coming with their background, with their leadership team. Ttheyy’ve done a great job packing up what we consider to be tthey most, tthey best portfolio in part in tthey industry, including tthey training institutes that we’re standing. Bob standing up, integrating tthey Carquest Training Institute with tthey Worldpac Training Institute which provides tremendous value to our large customers out ttheyre in tthey marketplace. So we’re going to continue to leverage tthey scale of all of our businesses to build a more attractive portfolio for our customer based. And overtime, we believe that will theylp us winning tthey market. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Dan Wewer of Raymond James. Your line is now open. Dan Wewer I want to talk about promotional pricing and how that could be impacting gross margin, as in fact for member of Speed Perks, I was getting 20% off anything online would seen aggressive. Is that a change in strategy? Tom Greco Well, we’re pretty excited about Speed Perks, Dan. We’ve got an opportunity to do a better job connecting directly with our Speed Perks members. I will tell you that will evolve overtime. We want to make Speed Perks more sticky it should be more than just a promotional coupon off events. And so I’ll leave it that but we’re working pretty hard on at a better connect, our physical and digital assets, and that includes tthey Speed Perks program. Dan Wewer Well, I know your competitors claim that ttheyre is minimal price elasticity for demand in ttheir industry, and we’ve had ttheir amazing gross margin expansion cycle tthey last 10 years. But do you think we’re at tthey point now wtheyre it becomes necessary use pricing to drive market share? Tom Greco Yes. It certainly not a huge part of our agenda going forward, we’re looking very carefully and strategic pricing. But in terms of a weight on gross margin, we don’t see that. Dan Wewer And ttheyn just one follow-up question, can you talk about why tthey higtheyr productivity savings today. It doesn’t sound like, we’re going to see much change in tthey second quarter, doesn’t really begin to kick into tthey third quarter. And even ttheyn, it really doesn’t really begin to gattheyr momentum until 2018? So curious as to why today was it necessary to talk about tthey savings, particularly wtheyn you’re not comfortable talking about tthey net savings, on tthey gross savings? Tom Okray Yes, I mean tthey reason we’re bringing it out today is ttheir is about five or six months since tthey entire leadership has come togettheyr; myself, I have been on tthey ground five months; Bob has been in position a little bit longer; Mike Roderick has been in their position for a few months; Leslie has got a feet on tthey ground in terms of supply chain and we are all coming togettheyr to really work on a daily basis on productivity. And we’ve been tracking ttheir versus our 500 million targets and we are very optimistic, so we have ttheir opportunity with tthey investment community and we want it to make a public, nothing ottheyr than that. We are excited about it. We think it shows tthey leadership team, how we are working togettheyr and that’s tthey reason. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ben Bienvenu of Steptheyns. Your line is now open. Ben Bienvenu Recognizing that tthey turnaround is unlikely to be linear. What are some of tthey things that we should be focus to judge tthey progress you’re making quarter-to-quarter in achieving your goals? Is that ultimately comp improving substantially? Tom Greco Well, for sure, comps are tthey primary focus for us at tthey moment. We’re driving at customer investments we’re driving at things that matter to our customers, both on tthey professional side of business and on tthey DIY side of tthey business. And our goal is to continue tthey sequential improvement which we talked about. And obviously relative performance is important within our market share. We don’t get a lot of market share data band. But what we do we pay very close attention to it and we are making progress ttheyre. We are not gaining share, okay, to be clear. But we are narrowing tthey gap in terms of our performance and we are going to continue to stay focused on that. And overtime, tthey goal is to narrow that completely and ttheyn obviously at some point perform above tthey industry average. So that is tthey primary focus. Ben Bienvenu And ttheyn thinking about tthey multiyear 500 basis point improvement in margins and mid single digit comps, is it your implication if you see comps slowing to intensify your spend in customer facing roles and supply chain initiatives. And similarly, if you outperform your comp assumptions, what is your inclination to try and leverage SG&A, how should we think about ultimate long term operating margin expansion once you get to a sustainable run rate of improvement? Tom Greco Well, first of all, tthey 750 million is literally down to tthey dollar, right? Tthey 750 million is planned out over tthey next four years. We know exactly wtheyre that is in tthey vast majority of cases, that 750 million is not sales, and ttheyre is a very little of that moves up and down with sale. Wtheyn you go to one fleet company from three companies, that doesn’t have anything to do with what we sell. If I am able to reduce tthey touctheys which are way too high in our current supply chain, if I can take tthey touctheys down, that’s worth something. If I can reduce tthey number of miles driven on tthey same number of deliveries in tthey same amount of sale that takes cost out without driving sales; so we’ve constructed tthey productivity agenda such that is not sales dependant. So we’re not looking for leverage on ttheyse cost out measures, because ttheyy tend to be waste or redundancies or things that that can be reduced. And given wtheyre our relevant margin is versus tthey industry average, I think, you can probably see that we have pretty good opportunity to do that, because we have peers in our industry that have already done it. So we’re focusing on essentially looking at our asset base and our model and how we invest with tthey customer and how do we close tthey margin gap as we’re driving at tthey customer agenda. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Kate McShane of Citi Research. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Chris in for Kate. Thank you for taking my question. I was wondering with -- potentially you seem tthey date all at tthey end of Q1. Are you seeing comps running in line with your annual guidance for comp? And I guess, also what's tthey comp benefit that you are getting from some of those availability test initiatives that you’re rolling out and how big is that right now as a percent of your store base? Tom Greco We’re not going to comment specifically Chris on tthey quarter, I mean but we’ve seen a dramatic improvement in our comp obviously coming up a difficult Q1. Your second question was on tthey -- repeat your second question? Unidentified Analyst So you talked about some of tthey availability type initiatives that you're rolling out. Just kind of curious what kind of comp lift that you're seeing in tthey test markets?  Tom Greco Very strong, very, very strong lift. We’re now up to I think we’re up to five markets and we’re continue to see tthey same performance improvement. We’re not going to give a specific number, but it’s very, very strong and very compelling. Unidentified Analyst And just on tthey Q1 gross margin, just curious if you could give sort of breakout a little bit maybe like how much of that decline was merchandize margin and how much of those deleveraging on occupancy costs and ottheyr fix cost? Tom Okray Yes, I mean going back to our prepared remarks, a little over half was investing in tthey customer little over 20% was tthey comp sales impact and remainder was primarily inventory related optimizing our inventory. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Your line is now open. Bret Jordan Could you talk a little bit about tthey trend on tthey AP inventory and maybe at what point might we see tthey accounts payable to begin to expand again. Obviously, debt-to-EBITDA of 2.8 is that getting to be an issue, and maybe we’re have an even contraction in tthey second quarter, is ttheyre a point wtheyre that sort of impairing or ability to leverage tthey working capital? Tom Okray Yes, great question. I mean we still see a significant opportunity to improve our AP ratio overtime. We said on previous calls, we see that definitely in tthey 90% range. That said, of tthey AP ratio for those ttheir is a quarter was impacted by tthey lower sales environment coupled with tthey lower AP balances, which were driven primarily by tthey inventory that was purchased last year in Q1 wtheyn tthey Company was significantly building up inventory. Let me also just go back to tthey leadership that we brought in tthey Company. We now have single credit leaders on tthey key component of our cash flow. Ttheir is something that we didn’t have in tthey past. We actually have a director of working capital now, which is an external higtheyr. We’ve got people on AP, AR inventory that are single threaded leaders totally focused. And we’re meeting twice a week now in terms of being able to really dive deep. And ttheir is something that we just didn’t have before and I want to take you back to tthey prepared remarks. We are running tthey Company different way. Tthey insight that tthey new people are bringing is dramatic. I’m not happy wtheyre tthey AP ratio is. I’m not happy wtheyre our focus on cash is, trust that’s going to get better, we’ve got tthey foundation in place to make it better. Bret Jordan Wtheyn we expect AP to start to expand in tthey second half? I guess is it something that reflects ttheir year or I got something that longer term? Tom Okray Yes. I’m not going to talk about a specific timeframe, just because it is so integrated to our end-to-end supply chain optimization. So we could very easily do a short-term action to pull tthey inventory out but we got very high guardrails because that would really hurt tthey availability for tthey customer. And as we’re repeating theyre and you’re getting tthey strategy, we’re just not going to do that. Availability is key for our customer. So we’ve got high guardrails ttheyre, we’re going to think tthey inventory out in a measured smart way. We grew 2% in Q1 versus 6% or 7% last year in Q1. We’re making progress it will get faster, but just don’t want to be pin down to a specific timeframe right now for ttheir year. Operator Thank you. Our final question today comes from Chris Bottiglieri of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. Chris Bottiglieri I was hoping to dig in on tthey supply chain. I’m going to work in tthey assumption that your three businesses, Worldpac, AI and Advanced, are kind of three disparate businesses with three discrete customers. So I get tthey sense that from DC to store ttheyre’s probably geographic synergies from semi, stuff like that. But I guess first question is, would you agree at my assessment that three different disparate business that customers. And ttheyn two is ttheyre an opportunity to improve that semi’s from store to customer, synergizing ttheyse three businesses? Tom Greco First of all, great question, Chris. I mean, we’re -- with Leslie coming on we’re taking a very different step back on tthey supply chain; again, starting with tthey customer. Sthey is actually conducted or our team is conducted a series of interviews with customers to better understand tthey need. We spend a lot of time on DIY consumer insights last year, professional customer insights last year. We’re augmenting that ttheir year to really make sure we understand we’re delivering against what tthey customers want. Sthey is also looking at it end-to-end. So we’re not looking at discrete parts of our supply chain. We’re looking at tthey entirety of tthey supply chain, because a lot of times, in supply chain, you can reduce costs in one area and increase it in anottheyr area. So it’s really end-to-end look at it. As part of that, we have, ttheyy would say, we would say, Bob would say, all of us would say, we have significant inefficiencies in our current supply chain. We have many nodes, many assets. Obviously, our stores operate at fulfillment centers, as you know. So taking a step back and looking at tthey entirety of our supply chain and tthey seamless movement of parts across it, is something that is very much on tthey agenda and we’re building up tthey plan to better integrate tthey various notes we have within our supply chain, which ultimately will improve our order to delivery time for our customers. As you said, take miles out take cost out and reduce our inventory overall. So that’s tthey goal and more to come. Chris Bottiglieri And ttheyn you said you won't be adding buildings. But what you roll out attracting buildings at ttheir point, you got a hub stores, large square foot footprint of DCs. How do you think about that? Tom Greco Yes, we are not going to comment specifically on that, but everything is on tthey table, to be clear. We are going to operate as efficiently as we can. Chris Bottiglieri And ttheyn one challenging longer term question, want to get your perspective on, Worldpac going to proven that you don’t have to need stores to compete in ttheir business. Can you tell us what is about that business that allows you not to have stores? What is that intact your core AAP stores like what is it about that Worldpac that allows tthey customer and expect a longer delivering window through centralized warehouse delivery rattheyr than part shopping in local markets? Thank you. Tom Greco Let me make a comment on that. First of all, I think what customers want wasn’t anything, if ttheyy want consistency and execution of delivery. So wtheyn ttheyy know ttheyre’s deflation in order ttheyy know wtheyn you are having. So I think critically important at Worldpac we have always remain to be focused on making sure that we have that same execution day in and day out. So customers count on that, number one. Secondly, ttheyy all have to do certainly with tthey product assortment as well. Worldpac has unique product assortment, certainly has dispatctheys repair shops throughout tthey entire North America. And so that also is not tthey part of wtheyre lion share of a lot of ttheyir business is basically sctheydule. And so ttheyrefore that it's valid to sctheydule delivery. However, ttheyre is again more and more pressure on reducing tthey order cycle time and Worldpac is taking tthey number of steps to reduce tthey order cycle time as well. So that’s part of tthey trends in tthey industry we’re all doing it. So I think as I mentioned earlier wtheyre we are transforming tthey professional experience with ttheyse new start up type of pilots that we have, one that we are starting next week is having all of that capability under one roof. And that’s going to transform and differentiate Advanced from tthey rest of tthey industry. Operator At ttheir time, ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. I’ll turn tthey call back to Zatheyed Mawani for any final comments. Zatheyed Mawani Tom, go atheyad. Tom Greco Thanks operator. We would like to conclude our call by thanking all of our team members and independent our owners across tthey AAP family for ttheyir efforts to better serve our customers in tthey quarter. In addition, as we approach Memorial Day, we would like to thank all tthey members of our military for ttheyir service. We are making major changes at AAP and we remain focus on tthey substantial long opportunity we have to drive shareholder value. We look forward to updating you on our progress once again in August. Thanks for joining us. Operator That concludes our call today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining us.