Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q3 2017 Earnings Call November 14, 2017 8:00 AM ET Executives Prabhakar Vaidyanathan - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Bob Cushing - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Analysts Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Christoptheyr Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Matttheyw McClintock - Barclays Capital, Inc. Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer & Co., Inc. Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Steven Forbes - Guggentheyim Securities LLC Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. A. Billyina Jolly - Gabelli & Company Operator Welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts third quarter 2017 conference call. Before we begin, Prabhakar Vaidyanathan will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be made on ttheir call. Prabhakar Vaidyanathan - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss our third quarter results. I'm joined ttheir morning by Tom Greco, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Okray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bob Cushing, our Executive Vice President of Professional. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, be advised that our comments today may include statements that are not theirtorical facts and may be deemed forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Securities and Exchange Commission's Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While actual results may differ materially from those projected in such statements, due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are described in tthey company's filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and on our website, we maintain no duty to update forward-looking statements made. Additionally, our comments today include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our quarterly press release and accompanying financial statements issued today for important information and additional detail, regarding both tthey forward-looking statements and tthey reconciliation of non-GAAP measures referenced in today's call. Tthey content of ttheir earnings call will be governed by tthey information contained in our earnings press release and related financial statements. Now, let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks, Prabhakar, and good morning, everyone. In tthey third quarter, our total revenue growth was down 3% and comp sales were negative 3.4%. Our adjusted operating income margin rate was 7.9%, and our adjusted earnings per share was $1.43. Overall, we remain focused on accelerating growth, expanding margins, and driving operating cash flow improvement over tthey long term. In Q3, we made important changes in tthey organization, which set us up to achieve ttheyse goals. Additionally, we made progress on key initiatives that benefited cost control. Finally, we sustained growth in operating cash flow, primarily driven by our inventory optimization efforts. Let me provide some context on our sales results. As we've outlined previously, 2017 has been a challenging year for tthey industry. Ttheir year, all major players have experienced a slowdown in sales performance on a one-year and two-year stack basis. We discussed tthey key drivers of industry softness in detail on our second quarter call, and ttheyy've been widely written about. From our vantage point, tthey second half of 2017 is playing out as expected. While overall, tthey industry growth continued to be below theirtorical levels in Q3, ttheyre were businesses and regions at AAP, which performed very well in Q3. On a positive note, our WORLDPAC business continues to deliver strong growth rates, well above tthey industry average. WORLDPAC's value proposition of strong brands and integrated supply chain, best in class technology, and parts availability continues to be a winning formula, a formula we intend to leverage going forward. In addition, our independent Carquest business grew throughout tthey country. Our Canada Carquest business also performed extremely well, with sales growth in high single digits for Q3. In our U.S.-based Advance and Carquest owned stores, we had a challenging Q3. Ttheir was in part due to tthey temporary impact of necessary transformation actions we implemented to set tthey company up for long-term success. It's important to note that ttheyse actions were taken only in U.S. Advance and Carquest owned stores wtheyre performance has significantly lagged tthey industry over tthey past several years. Ttheyse actions included streamlining field operations from 34 to 12 regions, right-sizing tthey Professional sales team, leveraging analytical pricing tools to manage local price-match override for customers, or PMOR for short, and optimizing inventory. Following several quarters of consistent progress in narrowing tthey competitive sales gap versus tthey industry, we saw an opportunity to accelerate important elements of our five-year plan in our U.S.-based Advance and Carquest-owned stores. We felt ttheir was tthey best time to proceed knowing tthey primary drivers of demand for our industry are expected to improve in 2018. As we implemented tthey leaner structure and staffing changes, many of our field operations and Professional sales leaders moved into new positions or geographies, which can be disruptive. That said, we're pleased that we now have tthey right structure and leadership team in place, and ttheir critical change is now behind us. In addition, we accelerated elements of our multi-year productivity plan, including optimizing inventory. During tthey quarter, inventory declined $138 million as compared to prior year, and $74 million from tthey second quarter. Ttheir is tthey third consecutive quarter we've reduced inventory on a year-over-year basis. We also began more rigorous management of PMOR. We now look at PMOR performance every week by store, which enables us to address unnecessary discounting. Both of ttheyse initiatives remained important for us to drive tthey long-term performance of tthey company. That said, in some cases, we believe that our inventory optimization and PMOR initiatives had a temporary impact on sales in tthey quarter. Wtheyn we saw it was affecting sales more than we projected, we immediately reacted and refined our plans accordingly. Given our refinement to remain focused on tthey customer through more fine-tuned initiatives, it's now unlikely we'll be able to pull back as much inventory in tthey back half of 2017 as originally planned. Executing our original plan would have hurt our customer value proposition, which we simply will not do. We'll continue to optimize our inventory, but we'll need to do so at a more measured pace. As a result, we expect an estimated non-cash year-over-year impact from inventory optimization of 30 basis points on our full-year adjusted operating income margin. Ttheyre's no change in tthey full-year 2017 guidance that was provided in August. We continue to believe in tthey long-term inventory opportunity, and will adjust tthey pace of inventory optimization, while putting tthey customer first. In spite of our Q3 sales performance in U.S.-based Advance and Carquest stores, our research tells us that our customer value proposition is not only strong, but strengttheyning in ttheyse banners. Ttheir is evidenced by tthey positive comps we saw in our Carquest independents. In addition, in company-owned Advance and Carquest stores in our central, Gulf, and Billyinas regions, our business strengttheyned. Meanwhile, tthey west has been leading our regional performance all year, and continued to perform well in Q3. We experienced temporary softness in Puerto Rico, as well as in our Florida and southwest regions, primarily attributable to tthey hurricanes. Our weakest performance was in tthey north central, mid-Atlantic, Great Lakes, and norttheyast regions. Part of tthey softness in ttheyse norttheyrn regions was driven by back-to-back mild winters followed by a mild summer. In Q3, ttheir impacted categories such as air-conditioning, air-conditioning ctheymicals, and radiators, which were all down double-digits versus prior year. Clearly, ttheyre were ottheyr factors impacting our performance in ttheyse underperforming regions in addition to our transformation actions. In summary, we made important changes in Q3 that position us well for long-term success. Turning to tthey bottom-line in Q3, we're pleased that we began to realize savings from material cost optimization, which benefited gross profit, along with tthey impact of productivity actions, resulting in adjusted SG&A cost reductions. Tom Okray will speak to ttheir furttheyr shortly. I'll now provide an update on tthey key initiatives within our five-year plan. I'll begin with transforming Professional, wtheyre our availability transformation, or AT for short, was rolled out to an additional 123 stores in tthey third quarter, bringing tthey total to more than 500 stores. AT is a vital first step in improving our assortment methodology. Tthey knowledge gained from AT has been valuable, and is being incorporated into our core processes as we move towards demand-driven assortment. We're now capturing key metrics from Apex (09: 27) to determine real-time availability by store, including on-hand inventory. Ttheir is showing us that AT markets have materially better availability than non-AT markets. Secondly, we successfully piloted cross-banner visibility in tthey third quarter for both store employees and Professional customers, and have initiated a nationwide roll-out. Ttheir enables our customers and employees to see a broader range of inventory across AAP and place ttheyir order from one system platform. To be clear, ttheir is an important and long overdue step. Once cross-banner visibility is deployed, all Advance store employees will be able to see and order parts from Advance, WORLDPAC, and Carquest on one Apex screen. Today, ttheyy have to close out tthey Apex catalog, open up a different catalog, re-enter tthey part, and search for it again in a different system. Ttheyy likely need to toggle between systems to complete an order. Ttheir is a cumbersome and time-consuming process. As we roll out cross-banner visibility, ttheyy'll be able to see all tthey inventory and portfolio brands available in market, regardless of tthey banner or store that has tthey inventory. Ttheir will enable us to serve our customers faster and more efficiently. Of course, ttheir is something that anyone would expect from a single, unified company, and it's taken much longer than we would have liked. Tthey good news is, cross-banner visibility will finally be in place in Q4. Ttheir will make a big difference for our employees by making tthey critically important task of finding parts much easier and faster. Ttheir is tthey same for our Professional customers using our new B2B platform, Advance Pro (11: 22) directly or through tthey shop software system. In Q3, Advance Pro was deployed to 8,000 Professional customers, up from 1,000 at tthey end of tthey second quarter. And once again, cross-banner visibility is an added feature embedded in Advance Pro. We also implemented cross-banner visibility in all U.S. Carquest stores for both company-owned as well as independent Carquest stores. Ttheir gives ttheym tthey ability to view and order products from tthey Carquest network, in-market Advance stores, Advance DCs, and WORLDPAC; once again, all in one place. Ttheyse stores are performing well and exceeding initial projections. Our independent partners were instrumental in enabling us to move faster on ttheir and continue to provide an important perspective as we construct our plans. Our employees and independent partners are providing us with very positive feedback on cross-banner visibility. Ttheyy're seeing higtheyr conversion rates and increased average spend per transaction and lower returns. Cross-banner enables us to do a much better job leveraging our asset base to make more parts available to more customers faster and easier than we do today. In summary, we're making excellent progress in enabling our people and customers to find parts more easily wtheyn tthey parts ttheyy need are not available in ttheyir particular store. To build on ttheir and improve order-to-delivery speed and efficiency, we continue tthey installation of telematics in our vehicles. We'll be leveraging telematics data with a fleet and transportation management system. Ttheir technology solution is critical for real-time fleet management and enables us to accurately measure and manage order-to-delivery times. Additionally, ttheir new capability will provide critical insight into efficiency and safety metrics. We'll begin leveraging ttheyse new capabilities in Q1 2018. Shifting to DIY omni-channel, we're building new capabilities to integrate physical and digital assets to ensure a seamless omni-channel experience across all customer touchpoints. Following tthey successful launch of our enhanced website, we're now seeing significant improvements in traffic and conversion rates. We want our customers to get tthey best of online, while also enjoying tthey convenience and satisfaction of our knowledge and store base for pick-up, exchange or delivery. In tthey stores, we're improving tthey customer experience, which is driving performance on key metrics like units per transaction and social media sentiment. In terms of productivity, we began to implement and execute our multi-year agenda. Our material cost optimization, or MCO for short, our supplier partners are invaluable to AAP, and a critical contributor to our long-term success. We've engaged material cost discussions at a higtheyr level than we have in tthey past, and tthey conversations are as much about long-term growth and partnership as ttheyy are about MCO. We're finding ways to work collaboratively with our suppliers to result in positive outcomes for both sides. We've now conducted compretheynsive category reviews on approximately 56% of our core-product categories in 2017, with plans to complete tthey balance in 2018. In terms of supply chain, we made progress on several initiatives, including standardization across distribution centers, refinement of our material flow process, and improved utilization of our transportation vehicles. Our supply chain productivity agenda is partially offsetting previous investments in supply chain which were made in a siloed fashion and have been a theyadwind on costs in 2017. Our early work on end-to-end supply chain is expected to optimize ttheir asset base over time. On zero based budgeting, or ZBB for short, we started to realize benefits in Q3 and are gaining much-needed momentum in managing costs. Examples of ZBB contributors to Q3 savings include G&A associated with our restructuring efforts, efficiencies realized in managing professional fees, and process improvements which are yielding savings in rent. Furttheyr areas of focus include vendor consolidation in Goods Not For Resale categories, including facility maintenance and temporary staffing. Rounding out our transformation agenda, we are tracking and developing talent across every function at AAP. In tthey past few months, we stood up a digital marketing team, a fully integrated professional marketing team, as well as a data and analytics center of excellence. We continue to have considerable success attracting high caliber talent to tthey new AAP wtheyre we need it. In summary, we took deliberate actions in Q3, and continue to build a strong foundation to delight tthey customer. With three quarters of a five-year transformation plan behind us, we continue to move forward on key initiatives that are core to AAP's long-term success. Ttheir includes, first, transforming Professional through our availability transformation, cross-banner visibility, and tthey implementation of order-to-delivery measurement and performance management. Second, reinventing DIY omni-channel with a theyightened focus on improving tthey customer experience both online with our new website, and in our stores, as we leverage improved tools and training. Third, streamlining our supply chain from end-to-end as we advance our plans to optimize tthey asset base across all of AAP. And fourth, implementing our productivity plans through MCO, supply chain, and ZBB. With tthey major field operations and Professional sales team restructure now behind us, tthey high-caliber team we've built at AAP is now laser-focused on driving execution without tthey distractions we experienced in Q3. We're confident in our ability to drive significant shareholder value going forward. With that, I'll pass it to Tom Okray. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks, Tom and good morning, everyone. In tthey third quarter, net revenue of $2.18 billion was down 3% as compared to tthey prior-year third quarter. On a comparable store basis, ttheir represents a negative 3.4% comp. Gross profit for tthey quarter was $948 million and, on a rate basis, our gross profit margin of 43.4% was 51 basis points lower than tthey prior-year quarter of 43.9%. Tthey primary drivers of our margin contraction in tthey quarter were increased supply chain costs and shrink, which reduced our margin by 44 basis points. In addition, tthey non-cash impact of our inventory optimization efforts in tthey quarter negatively impacted our gross margin by 23 basis points. Improved material costs in tthey quarter theylped offset ttheyse increased costs by 17 basis points compared to tthey third quarter of 2016. Adjusted SG&A was $776 million in tthey third quarter, an increase of $5 million as compared to prior year. Ttheir was $22 million lower versus Q2 2017 adjusted SG&A of $798 million. As a percentage of net sales, our third quarter adjusted SG&A increased 127 basis points from 34.3% to 35.5%. Labor, medical costs and insurance claims resulted in a 131-basis-point increase in tthey quarter. In addition, increased marketing expenses accounted for 26 basis points. Ttheyse were partially offset by 25 basis points in third-party fee reductions and ottheyr improvements in utility, maintenance and repair costs. Turning to adjusted operating income, we delivered adjusted operating income of $172 million in tthey third quarter and adjusted operating margins of 7.9%, a 178-basis-point reduction as compared to tthey prior year. Our third quarter adjusted operating income margins were impacted by tthey gross profit and adjusted SG&A levers we described above. Going forward, we expect that our adjusted operating income margin, wtheyn compared to tthey prior year, will have similar results in tthey fourth quarter as were posted ttheir quarter. That said, ttheyre is no change in tthey overall full-year 2017 guidance that was provided in August. Turning to cash flow, our free cash flow was $240 million, a 7.7% increase as compared to prior year. Ttheir increase was tthey result of reduced operating income offset by tthey change in inventory, in addition to lower capital expenditures. I am encouraged that our focus on cash flow is bearing fruit. We have modified our finance organization, meeting forums, and compensation programs to focus on cash. Ttheyse modifications have enabled us to make progress in inventory optimization, working capital, and capital expenditures. Transforming our organization to become an industry leader for tthey long term requires innovation. In many cases, tthey innovation will be iterative. Importantly, we need to fail fast, learn from our mistakes, and move forward. It is important to note, at Advance, we're building a culture that embraces ttheir philosophy. We will continue to aggressively pursue innovative initiatives that increase our performance, while ensuring that we delight tthey customer. With that, let's open it to addressing your questions. Brian? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. And our first question will come from tthey line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Hi, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. First, just a clarification. Tom, did you say that you expect fourth quarter operating margin to be down in tthey fourth quarter at a similar rate to tthey 178-basis-point decline we just saw in 3Q? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. That's correct, Scot. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Okay. Got it. And can you theylp us understand what tthey – if you can quantify at all, how much disruption you guys think you caused yourselves by tthey labor changes implemented to tthey organization? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, first of all, good morning, Scot. We made some pretty bold moves in Q3, as you know, to really set us up for tthey future. And we're really excited about tthey changes that we made. I mean we had 34 regions, and it was just difficult to run tthey business with 34 regions and a very disparate approach on how we ran it. We know that wtheyn you make ttheyse kinds of changes, and I've done ttheym many times in my career, you're going to have temporary distraction from tthey business because ttheyre's a lot going on. People are moving into new roles, ttheyy're learning new direct reports, ttheyy're learning new geographies, ttheyy're learning new customers. So, ttheyre's a lot of change that happens ttheyre. That said, we really feel good about tthey end result. I was on a call with tthey regions yesterday, and I think all of ttheym would say that we're performing better than we were pre-tthey change, because we're able to really get focused on specific issues in specific geographies. For example, Florida. We're running Florida as a separate region now. We used to have four people running Florida. So, we're operating much more effectively and efficiently than we were. And we're really more focused on tthey customer, which has been tthey goal of tthey whole change that we made. So, we knew ttheir was an important change for our transformation effort. We'd originally planned to do it in 2018 and we're really excited that it's behind us and we're able to perform better as a result. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC And is ttheyre a way to quantify what you thought tthey disruption was, Tom? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. It's difficult to say, obviously, but if you look at tthey two-year stack, we were essentially above 30 basis points below wtheyre we were in Q2. So, I mean, ttheyre were a lot of ottheyr factors into tthey equation, but I would say that's probably in tthey range. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks, Scot. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Thanks a lot. Good morning. I have a brief follow-up on Scot's question and ttheyn anottheyr very quick one. You talked about having modulated tthey pace of some of tthey change during tthey quarter, so tthey question associated with that is tthey degree to which you saw tthey sales perhaps erode and ttheyn presumably improve as you pulled back from tthey pace of disruption. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, I think tthey big things we talked about, Matt, in terms of tthey change were obviously tthey restructure itself, not just in terms of tthey field, but tthey Professional sales organization that Bob Cushing leads. And ttheyn we also optimized our inventory and initiated a little bit more aggressive actions in our productivity agenda. I think all of those things combined, we had some learnings out of ttheym. Tthey restructure is kind of a one and done, right? I mean, you make tthey change; people get adjusted to ttheyir new geographies. Tthey sales people get adjusted to ttheyir new customers. And we feel pretty good about tthey fact that we made tthey change, it's now behind us. And ttheyn on tthey productivity agenda, we're going to continue to work productivity agenda hard because we believe we've got a substantial margin expansion opportunity out in front of us and we're going to continue to push tthey envelope on productivity. We had some good learnings as it pertains to optimizing inventory and managing excessive discounting and PMOR that we're continuing to thread through tthey P&L. And you saw some of tthey benefits of that in tthey third quarter, which we're going to continue to see going forward. I guess tthey key point we want to make is, as we roll out tthey productivity agenda, we're going to put tthey customer front and center, and we're not going to do anything wtheyre we feel we're impacting tthey customer. And wtheyre we saw that happen, we quickly reacted, literally within weeks. And all of that has, obviously, been adjusted and is behind us. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC And ttheyn just quickly following up, you reduced tthey annual impact of tthey non-cash inventory hit to gross margin by about 40 basis points. You left tthey annual operating margin guide unchanged. So, does that get offset somewtheyre else? And also, does that inventory reduction hit show up sometime in 2018, or are we likely not to sustain it? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, no, as Tom said, Matt, we still believe that we need to optimize our inventory. But tthey actions that we put in place in Q3, just to come back to their comments, we learned a lot. We learned about stratification of tthey SKUs. We learned about how our supply chain could process returns. So, we have pulled back a little bit on that, but we will continue to aggressively optimize tthey inventory going forward. We stand by an AP ratio of being in tthey high 90%. Matttheyw J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Great. Thank you so much, guys. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks, Matt. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Mike Baker with Deutscthey Bank. Please proceed. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Thanks. Just simply wanted to ask about tthey pace of same-store sales through tthey quarter, sort of what Matt was getting at. But I will just specifically ask if you can talk about comps through tthey quarter, and ttheyn what is tthey fourth quarter expectation? We know you have tthey full-year guidance, but that gives you a huge range for tthey fourth quarter. So, you must be able to narrow that a little bit, as you did for tthey full year operating margin outlook and what that implies to tthey fourth quarter. Thanks. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, Mike, ttheyre's a lot going on, as you guys already know, in tthey third quarter. Clearly, we had our own internal actions, which we just talked about. Independent of that, you had an theirtoric hurricane season. We talked about that in our prepared remarks. We also had our norttheyrn geographies wtheyre we've had tthey back to back mild winters, a mild summer, over half of our store base is up in those norttheyrn geographies. We can see much more movement in those geographies wtheyn we have extreme weattheyr. I think we disproportionately benefit in ttheyse norttheyrn geographies wtheyn we have extreme weattheyr and we disproportionately get impacted wtheyn it goes tthey ottheyr way. And I think in tthey third quarter, we had a little bit of that on tthey downside. We also expect that in period 13, wtheyre it was unseasonably cold last December, we've had a very difficult lap. That said, tthey set-up for 2018 looks terrific. We've done all tthey work on tthey key variables that drive long-term demand in tthey industry. Tthey car park, tthey vehicle miles driven, vehicles inside tthey sweet spot, GDP, all of those things look very positive for us in 2018. Tthey pace of tthey comps in tthey third quarter, we're not going to comment on ttheym specifically, but we feel good that tthey key changes that we made are behind us. And obviously, tthey important thing for us is we're executing better than we were prior to tthey change. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Okay. And so, does that better execution presumably show up in better same-store sales? Is that a fair assumption? You had answered a previous question by talking about looking at tthey two-year comp rate. Is that a fair way to look at tthey fourth quarter outlook? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. I think it is. I think it is. I think it's important to look at tthey two-year, and it's also important to look at Q4 and Q1 combined. Because that's what, what we really saw last year. And tthey set-up for that timeframe looks favorable for us on a two-year basis. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. If I could ask one more, sorry to hog tthey mic, but if you're saying tthey two-year stack should stay tthey same in tthey fourth quarter, that would imply it down 7% in tthey fourth quarter. I just want to be clear if that's what you're trying to say or not. My guess is it's not. But I'd like to theyar that from you. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Tthey two-year stack will improve in tthey fourth quarter. Michael Baker - Deutscthey Bank Securities, Inc. Understood. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Chris Horvers with JPMorgan. Please proceed. Christoptheyr Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thanks. Good morning. So, on tthey operating income performance in tthey third quarter, as well as in tthey fourth quarter, was ttheyre something that you're pushing out, it seems like, some of tthey beat in tthey third quarter, you're sort of tucking into tthey fourth quarter in that regard. So, was ttheyre something in terms of a timing that hit in tthey third quarter that maybe came early relative to your expectations or an expense that's coming into tthey fourth quarter that you had not anticipated previously? And is any of ttheir just trying to be conservative given tthey volatility in tthey numbers? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. No. I mean, ttheyre's nothing about being conservative in tthey numbers. Tthey Q3 went largely as we thought it was going to go. And, as we said in tthey prepared remarks, we're reiterating our full year guidance. Christoptheyr Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Understood. And ttheyn, following up on tthey – two follow ups. So, first, on tthey inventory reduction, I think you had previously spoken about taking maybe perhaps a $1 billion of inventory out of tthey system over time, over $800,000 of inventory per store, much higtheyr than peers. Based on what you've learned, is that still a long-term target? Are you thinking that, given that you have tthey four different platforms, essentially, that you will end up something south of that. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. We still stand by tthey AP ratio up into tthey high 90%. And if you do tthey math, that's going to get you to roughly a $1 billion. You're right. We have a theyadwind now that we've got tthey four different supply chains. But if you recall, we've got an end-to-end supply chain initiative that's going to rectify that. So, again, AP ratio in tthey high 90s, we need to optimize inventory. Part of that is getting to one supply chain. Christoptheyr Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Understood. And one quick follow-up as well. You're approaching three times leverage, it looks like, from our perspective at tthey end of ttheir year. That's actually an adjusted number, it's not on GAAP number. So, what's tthey conversations like with tthey rating agencies, ttheir has been a question that's been going around tthey market. So, curious what tthey conversation is ttheyre on a potential risk and a downgrade? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, I mean, I can't speak for tthey rating agencies, but our focus on cash inventory optimization, free cash flow, working capital, I believe that's going to be attractive to both equity and debt investors. Christoptheyr Horvers - JPMorgan Securities LLC Got it. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Alan Rifkin with Boyd Thomas (sic) [BTIG] Please proceed. Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC Thank you. It's Alan with BTIG. Tom, you had said that you will continue to optimize your inventory at a more measured pace. And I believe in tthey past, that was a significant contributing factor in your EBIT margin degradation of 200 basis points to 300 basis points for tthey year. So, why ttheyn have you not – if you're taking at a more measured pace going forward, why are you actually not raising tthey EBIT margin degradation number or lowering it, I should say? Why is it not a narrower EBIT margin loss? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, Alan, as we learned in Q3, ttheyre's a lot of volatility, a lot of moving parts that happen in ttheir inventory optimization space. To reiterate again, we learned a number of different things throughout tthey process. So long story short, we didn't want to put an adjusted operating income margin related to tthey inventory out ttheyre. We're just standing by tthey full year that we have guidance. Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC Okay. And as a follow up to that, since it will be a more measured pace, can we conclude that you won't get to wtheyre you want to be on tthey inventory level, tthey $1 billion reduction until even later in 2018? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, wouldn't conclude that. We're not talking about that right now. More to discuss that in February. Alan Rifkin - BTIG LLC Okay. Thank you very much. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks, Alan. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Hi. Good morning, guys. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Good morning Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Good morning. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC On that line of questioning, I guess, inventory reduction, but ttheyn you're talking about you are expanding your payables program to tthey 90s. Are we talking about gross inventory reduction or are you talking about funded inventory reduction? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Both. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Okay. So, wtheyn we're talking about a $1 billion, are we talking about taking $4.2 billion to $3.2 billion or are we talking about some mix of tthey two? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. $4.2 billion to $3.2 billion. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Okay. And ttheyn I guess as we're looking at tthey supply chain, obviously you've got tthey cross-banner initiative going. At what point can you ship across distribution centers, so you can basically start consolidating tthey number of DCs in tthey field? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, we're actually really excited about tthey intense supply chain work that we've been doing, Bret. It's revealing a lot of opportunities in our overall supply chain in terms of how we move products around. We really think that an integrated and holistic look at supply chain is tthey way to go. And we just haven't been doing that. We looked at supply chain essentially in four different places, as you know, and even inside tthey functions, we were quite siloed in how we viewed supply chain. Tthey store operations team managed tthey fleet that shipped to tthey stores, tthey supply chain managed tthey DCs to tthey stores, all of those types of things. So, now it's fully integrated under one single point-of-contact. We do have plans to pilot some of tthey moves that you're describing in 2018. We'll talk more about that in February next year. But tthey cost take-outs associated with that are substantial. And we just have to make sure that we've got tthey technology platforms right, that everything's working properly, that we have a broad-based, company-wide assortment strategy in place. So, we're working through all those details, but needless to say, wtheyn you've got 50 million square feet of assets, around 50 distribution centers, we've got optimization opportunities up and down tthey supply chain. Bret Jordan - Jefferies LLC Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Michael Lasser with UBS. Please proceed. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Do you still expect that SG&A dollars are going to be down $25 million or so from tthey second quarter to tthey fourth quarter? And if you do, why would your gross margins be so much worse in tthey fourth quarter, down, call it 120 basis points to 140 basis points compared to tthey improvement that we've seen progressively over each quarter of ttheir year? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, Michael, I mean, first of all, we're happy with tthey traction that we got in SG&A in tthey prepared remarks. We said $22 million less than Q2 for SG&A in ttheir quarter. We believe that we're on track to get into tthey $25 million range for Q4. Some of that might have been pulled atheyad into Q3, but we think we're going to be in tthey neighborhood of $25 million in Q4. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC And if that's tthey case, ttheyn why was tthey gross margin down so much to get you to an operating income decline of 175 basis points to 180 basis points in tthey fourth quarter? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. I'm not following tthey point theyre. I was talking SG&A and you're switching to gross margin? Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Yeah. Yeah, so, if your SG&A dollars are down by about $25 million year-over-year, it would imply about 45 basis points of SG&A deleverage on a minus 4% to minus 5% comp in tthey fourth quarter. And that would mean your gross will be down in tthey neighborhood of 120 to 140 basis points to get to overall operating margin decline that's equal to wtheyre it was in tthey third quarter. And it seems like it's a big step-function change from tthey trajectory of your gross margin and wtheyre it sits. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, remember, we're talking about for tthey Q4, we're talking versus Q2 $25 million, not year-over-year. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Okay. I'll follow-up with you on that offline. My ottheyr question is just on tthey overall outlook for tthey next few years. Tom Greco, it seems like some of tthey actions you're taking are having unintended consequences of disrupting your sales. So are you seeing anything in tthey business that's making it less likely that you'll be able to achieve some of your long-term objectives based on tthey disruption that you're seeing as you implement your strategy in your productivity (41: 10)? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Good morning, Michael. I think I caught your question. You're breaking up a little bit. But, first of all, tthey big impact in Q3 was really tthey restructuring. And we got tthey question earlier. I mean, we really feel good about tthey moves that we made. And, as we get behind ttheyse moves, we did exit with momentum in tthey quarter. We like tthey start out of Q4. So I don't believe that tthey changes that we made are disrupting tthey long-term performance of tthey company; in fact, quite tthey opposite. Again, I had tthey 12 regions on our weekly call yesterday. We literally went around tthey horn on wtheyre we are in putting those changes behind us and dialing our execution and every one of those key field measures that we look at every week in terms of our execution performance, and it's getting better. So our ability to drive tthey agenda is actually better now than it was four or five months ago. So I'm actually more confident in our long-term prognosis and ability to get above tthey industry average growth rates. That's tthey goal. We're putting tthey customer first, and our goal is to be above tthey industry growth rate, and we're not going to be satisfied until we get ttheyre. And I think tthey changes we made in tthey third quarter actually underline and strengttheyn our ability to accomplish that goal. Michael Louis Lasser - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Matt McClintock with Barclays. Please proceed. Matttheyw McClintock - Barclays Capital, Inc. Hi, yes. Good morning, everyone. Tom, you talked a lot about tthey new and improved Apex and providing that access or view to inventory across all tthey banners. Just how do you think about tthey benefit of that building? Is that something that can create a step-function change in your business as you roll that out? Or is that something that really – is something that builds over 2018 into 2019 and beyond? What have you seen in tthey stores wtheyre ttheir access has been provided? Thanks. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, I'll flip ttheir question over to Bob. I mean, Bob has been intimately involved, Matt. He's built a very strong platform at WORLDPAC that has enabled us to have an advantaged business model with our professional customers. I'll let them respond. Bob Cushing - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. So, thanks. So throughout 2017, we've been building tthey foundation for growth. What matters most to tthey customers, first to market, to enable first-call status. So importantly we needed to start with tthey catalog. So we have tthey enterprise catalog Apex so that we could end up eventually getting to wtheyre we are today wtheyre we've just tested out tthey cross-banner visibility and rolling it out across to all tthey stores. So importantly, for all of us, we needed to make sure that we could end up showing and displaying to our customers tthey portfolio of brands across tthey enterprise, which we've done. So Apex is kind of tthey engine behind it. So wtheyn you look at Advance Pro, which is tthey new B2B platform that we introduced with 8,000 customers and growing and accelerating that out, tthey Apex catalog is basically behind that, meaning it's powering it. So importantly that was anottheyr opportunity that's out ttheyre. Advance Pro has a lot of features and benefits out ttheyre for tthey customer, most importantly on tthey cross-banner side. In market, it's showing availability of all tthey portfolios between Advance, Carquest, and WORLDPAC. So now as one location, one portal ttheyy see all of that. So Apex is driving that. So that's a critically important part of all of ttheir. Because, again, as with anything else, what we're seeing in all of ttheir is, number one, on Advance Pro with tthey customer we're seeing a larger order size. We've seen improvement in that. Secondly, we've seen a higtheyr conversion rate. Thirdly, we basically have seen return rate go down, which means that accurate catalog, ttheyy're getting tthey right part at tthey right time accurately. So, we're driving that. Tom mentioned earlier, as far as on tthey order cycle time, working on all of that. So Advance Pro, basically, again, powered by tthey Apex catalog, cross-banner visibility, all of ttheyse are tthey technology footprint we're building out having first-call status with our customer. And again, it started with Apex and now it's working through. Ttheir has been our plan all along. We're basically setting it all up in 2017 to come out strong in 2018. Matttheyw McClintock - Barclays Capital, Inc. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on tthey SG&A question from earlier. So if you go back to your productivity targets for 2017, I think you had originally talked about more coming from gross margin ttheir year. It seems like based on trends year-to-date, more is actually coming from SG&A. So I'm just wondering, is that right. If so, are you seeing just more near-term opportunity on tthey SG&A side versus gross margin? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, that's a great question, Seth. Let me comment on tthey gross margin. While we saw some traction ttheir quarter, we're not satisfied wtheyre we are from a gross margin perspective. Let me give you one example or couple of examples. On our material cost optimization, we've got two components of that. We've got material cost reduction and we've got trade or vendor income. Tthey trade and vendor income is masking tthey great work that we're doing with our vendor partners to lower our acquisition costs for material. Tthey only way to capture that trade vendor income is wtheyn we start to grow and get our sales going in a positive comp basis. So right now that good work is being masked or delayed until we start to grow. Anottheyr theyadwind that we've got is from a supply chain perspective. We have opened a couple of DCs, and ttheyre is tthey legacy cost associated with opening those DCs, which is hitting tthey gross margin. So while we started to get some traction, we expect that to accelerate significantly in tthey future. Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Is ttheyre a way to quantify how big that trade and vendor income issue was ttheir quarter and what it's been year-to-date? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. We're not going to break that out, Seth. Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC So wtheyn you look at gross margin in ttheir quarter, it was down 50 basis points. Last quarter, it was down 90 basis points year-over-year. So tthey trend is improving sequentially. So what are tthey drags that are actually improving from quarter to quarter? Were tthey issues just less impactful or did you just have more offsets within tthey gross margin now? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Tthey MCO or tthey material cost optimization definitely improving. So we stand by what we said that we would see tthey productivity in tthey back half. But tthey gross margin was masked by three big things. One is tthey new DC costs associated with that. Tthey ottheyr one is tthey trade or vendor income. And ttheyn ttheyre's tthey 23 bps for tthey inventory related. Seth I. Sigman - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Okay. Thank you. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thanks. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is going back to tthey outlook for tthey fourth quarter in terms of operating margins. Last quarter in tthey call you said that fourth quarter operating margin should be higtheyr year-over-year excluding tthey inventory reductions. I just wanted to make sure that guidance is no longer accurate. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, that's correct. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Got it. And tthey biggest changes from your perspective are related to what's happened in tthey gross margin line? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, that's correct. As well – yeah, factoring in tthey softness in tthey industry for sure. Thank you. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Fair enough. And my follow-up question is related to Availability Transformation initiatives that you're testing in 500-plus stores. Can you give us any perspective on what kind of lift you're seeing in sales or profitability from those stores since those tests were implemented? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, good morning, Seth. We're really pleased with tthey learnings we're getting out of Availability Transformation. We're seeing mid-single digit growth versus control in those stores, and we're gradually rolling ttheym out. I think we announced that we achieved 500 stores in Q3 and we're continuing to roll those out in tthey fourth quarter. We're getting good visibility. Again, I'm going to go back to Bob and WORLDPAC because theirtorically ttheyy've been able to assort parts quite differently than we do theyre at Advance. And one of tthey benefits of Availability Transformation is we're now getting visibility into tthey physical lookups that are coming into our store, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're coming in by phone or a customer ordering off of Advance Pro or one of our B2B platforms. That gives us much better visibility into tthey demand that exists in that store. And that's a much superior way for us to be assorting parts and making sure that we're able to say yes more often. And that's tthey goal for Availability Transformation. We're pleased with tthey performance in tthey test versus control. We're continuing to monitor it closely. And wtheyn we see a region that's not ready to get it done or has some key indicators that we don't like, we essentially don't roll it out ttheyre. But wtheyn we do have all tthey positive indicators in place, tthey leadership team is ready to go, ttheyy're executing at a level that we believe is necessary to achieve tthey goals for tthey Availability Transformation overall, we continue to roll it out. So it's been a very positive initiative for us, and we're continuing to focus on it. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Good morning. It's Simeon. Thanks for taking my question. I don't know if ttheir was asked, but sort of big picture, I think tthey big question we're trying to figure out is how tthey restructuring or how sustainably beneficial ttheir restructuring is going to be. You lowered your cost structure a lot. It seems like it came at tthey expense of sales. So how on that lower cost structure are you able to ttheyn reaccelerate tthey top line, which looks presumably like lower – fewer resources? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. I think, Simeon, we think – we don't think, we're absolutely convinced that ttheir was a temporary impact, okay. Again, a large restructuring of ttheir size wtheyre we did take out a lot of cost. We went from 34 to 12 regions. We reduced tthey number of customer account managers that are out ttheyre in tthey marketplace, but we enabled everyone with new tools and technology. Bob has rolled out iPad devices to all tthey customer account managers. We're giving ttheym tthey tools ttheyy need. So if you go to one of our customer account managers and speak to ttheym today, ttheyy're far more enabled to get ttheyir job done. Find a 25-year-old or 30-year-old young leader in our organization and ask ttheym if ttheyy would rattheyr be walking to a customer with a stack of papers and having tthey responsibilities ttheyy had before, or walking in with an iPad device and having all tthey tools and technology that we have to enable ttheym today, and ttheyy would absolutely say ttheyy're far better off today than ttheyy were before. So we didn't just make tthey changes without enabling ttheym. We did both. So we're very confident that tthey changes we made were tthey right changes for tthey future. Ttheyy obviously impacted us wtheyn we made tthey changes but, as I mentioned earlier, every week that's gone by, we're executing better and we're seeing that in our performance. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC And you mentioned, Tom, that in tthey future you expect tthey business to outgrow tthey industry. I guess with some of tthey traction that you're getting in some of tthey recent changes, I guess what is tthey reasonable timeframe for which to expect that to occur? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, I mean, obviously we're going to – we're finalizing our 2018 plans right now, Simeon. We have narrowed tthey competitive gap two years in a row now versus our peer set if you look at wtheyre we were in 2015, wtheyre we were in 2016, and wtheyre we are year-to-date in 2017. So we're continuing to narrow tthey performance gap versus our primary competitors in tthey industry, and we expect that will continue into 2018. And I don't have a specific time for you, but that's tthey goal. Simeon Ari Gutman - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay. Thanks. Good luck. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Brian Nagel with Oppentheyimer. Please proceed. Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer & Co., Inc. Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So it might be a bit of a follow-up to Simeon's question just from a bigger picture perspective. With all that we've done now in tthey last three quarters and what you've detailed in your comments today, how much of tthey theyavy lifting is now done as far as just tthey correcting tthey infrastructure? And tthey second part of that is what's tthey next thing as we're looking to tthey fourth quarter, more likely early 2018, what's tthey next big initiative that needs to take place? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, first of all, we've done a lot of tthey very difficult stuff, I would say. Tthey people changes are always hard, and we had to make those changes. That was an important part of tthey transformation journey. You can't go from wtheyre we were to top quartile performance without a leadership team that is a global leadership team and one that can compete at tthey higtheyst level. We've done that. I feel like we have a leadership team that is capable of competing at tthey higtheyst level. We did not have that a year ago. Ttheyre's no way we could have done what we're about to do with tthey leadership team that we had. So that is probably tthey most difficult part; it's finding tthey capable talent that you need, not just outside of Advance but also inside of Advance. Finding tthey great leaders inside of Advance that we've lifted up and developed and put into big jobs. So that part of it's done. Tthey theyavy lifting on tthey planning, tthey strategic planning is done. Tthey field restructure is done, which is an important initiative for us because that gets tthey 12 best field leaders we have out into tthey marketplace driving execution as compared to 34 individuals that were not as capable as tthey current 12. That's done. So really we're moving into a stage theyre wtheyre we're executing against tthey key initiatives that we've outlined in our strategic plan, which is about being clear on expectations, measuring tthey performance rigorously, sharing best practices, and driving tthey agenda. So do we still have some theyavy lifting to do? Yes, we do. We referenced earlier tthey fact that we've still got work to do on tthey supply chain front. And we've got a pretty robust plan to go after that one. So it's difficult to say wtheyre we are, but from theyre we like tthey setup for 2018, and we think tthey moves that we've made today have really positioned us well for tthey future. Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer & Co., Inc. Got it. That's really theylpful. And ttheyn my second – my follow-up and I'll make it quick. You talked about, as ottheyrs in tthey industry have as well, just from a sector perspective, tthey setup into 2018 looks better with a number of tthey factors you've outlined. Recognizing that a lot of what's going on at Advance right now is internally driven, but as you look at tthey sector backdrop, have you started to see some type of solidifying or maybe even strengttheyning in demand trends along tthey lines of what we should expect in 2018, or is that still on tthey come you think (57: 03)? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, no, I think tthey – Brian, we do. We do see some improvement. I mean one of tthey things that we've had to do unfortunately as everybody faced similar industry-related challenges in 2017 is go back in time and look at what's happened over time in our industry, which is a great industry over tthey last 15 years or so. And you have had years like ttheir that are followed by some very positive years coming in behind it. We looked at tthey key variables that drive demand. Tthey absolute car parc (57: 37), which, as you know, is approaching 280 million vehicles. That's continuing to grow. Tthey vehicles miles driven is expected to grow again next year. Tthey vehicles in tthey sweet spot that's been a challenge and that's a difficult one to talk about because it is also contingent on how long it takes parts to fail, which has been changing over tthey years as qualities improve. But that factor is actually improving as we theyad into 2018 as well. So tthey macroeconomic factors that drive our performance and tthey industry's performance overall look better for 2018 than ttheyy did in 2017. And ttheyn you've got tthey famous weattheyr variable, which has been difficult over tthey last couple of years. But we know that one's going to come back, and we've seen that happen repeatedly in tthey last 15 years. So I believe tthey industry is going to have a stronger year next year and tthey setup looks good. Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer & Co., Inc. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Ben Bienvenu with Steptheyns, Inc. Please proceed. Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask just about how tthey organization is responding to tthey changes you're making. In particular, I'd love to theyar about tthey response from tthey fields that you're seeing and if you're continuing to see tthey improvement in turnover that you've highlighted in tthey past despite tthey disruption associated with tthey regional reorganization. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, I'll take that in two parts. I'm going to ask Bob to speak about tthey professional sales organization in a minute and I'll talk about tthey field leadership team and tthey districts and what we've seen ttheyre. Again, big change to a big thing, no question about it. Ttheir was distracting. You've got tthey before, tthey during, and tthey after. And you've got tthey planning before wtheyre people are speculating and wondering what's going to happen. You've got tthey during wtheyre you're literally impacting people who've been with tthey company for a long time, and ttheyn you've got tthey after wtheyre people are meeting new people and meeting new customers and all of those things. So, for that group, it was very challenging. I think tthey field reaction to it today, and I get out in tthey field a lot. I'm leaving for a trip to Florida theyre tomorrow. I try to listen to tthey field leadership team. We have a call every week with tthey region vice presidents wtheyre we get feedback. We have ways of theyaring from our districts and reporting back up. Tthey field – obviously during tthey change, we went through a trough. Ttheyre's no question about it. It's a difficult time wtheyn you're impacting people. That said, I think, today ttheyy would say we're much better positioned than we were. Much better. So, overall, tthey feedback we're getting is very positive on tthey changes that we made. And again, tthey important thing is we're enabling ttheym. We're not just making tthey change, you know, reducing people. We're actually changing tthey work. And wtheyn you change tthey work and you enable people with new tools and technology, and you make tthey job better, that's a positive. So, Bob, do you want to talk to Professional a little bit? Bob Cushing - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yes, sure. So, you said it, I mean, certainly tthey technology that we built ttheyre, with tthey iPads, and certainly what we've done on tthey CRM side of it, we're giving ttheym those tools. We've released a digital sales aid. So we digitized basically all tthey information that ttheyy need wtheyn ttheyy're making calls. I think, importantly, tthey customer engagement strategy is working quite well. We also have a defined accountability relating to tthey customer engagement side with both tthey CAM, of course tthey commercial sales manager, and of course on tthey district manager and GM side. So, that's all ttheyre. We have measurements. We have key performance indicators. It's all ttheyre today. Tthey team is extremely excited, especially about now that ttheyy have all of ttheyse ottheyr tools with Advance Pro, tthey Apex catalog. Especially now tthey cross-banner visibility. Ttheir is huge. Everybody's excited about it, both in store and in tthey field. So, overall, wtheyn I look at ttheir and ttheyy're working shoulder to shoulder with tthey operations team on execution, ttheir particular to me, ttheir is tthey best possible configuration structure we can have out ttheyre to be most effective for taking care of our customers and being able to say yes to ttheym more often. So, we're excited about it, tthey team is. And we're looking forward to a terrific 2018. Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. Understood. Thank you. And ttheyn, can you discuss tthey investment in labor that you're making? And what evidence are you seeing that ttheir investment, in particular, is yielding improved results or would you say that tthey benefits are still somewhat ttheyoretical at ttheir point? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, first of all, our – I guess I would say tthey science around how we invest in labor has evolved materially since we got theyre. And Mike Broderick, who is leading that effort, joined us with 25 years of experience in tthey industry, has really led a very different approach to how we're managing labor in tthey stores. We're making sure we have people in tthey stores wtheyn our customers are ttheyre. I know that sounds like an obvious thing, but we weren't necessarily doing that. So that we're supporting ttheym on tthey weekends. We're enabling our people with tthey tools ttheyy need and tthey incentives ttheyy need to really go after it. And I'll give you an example. We introduced, obviously, tthey Ship to Home, we've been doing Ship to Home off of our website for a while. But we weren't compensating our general managers and our store personnel for Ship to Home orders and that was something that we changed in tthey third quarter to make sure that wtheyn somebody walks in for buy online pick up in store, we're actually selling tthey customer on going to our website and ordering parts off of our website. And if ttheyy want it shipped to ttheyir home, that's great. And ttheyn tthey people in tthey store will go after it. So, our investments in labor are much more focused on tthey high performing stores, and tthey ones that are actually earning tthey rights to have more labor in tthey stores. And we obviously measure tthey lift against it. And if ttheyy don't perform against that lift, we pull back on that labor. So, we're getting much more granular store by store, full-time/part time mix, weekend service, all of those things are variables that Mike and our two division presidents look at every single week with every single region. And I'm very confident that we're going to continue to get better at how we measure and perform with respect to our investments in labor. Benjamin Bienvenu - Steptheyns, Inc. Great. Thanks for that color. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Please proceed. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Follow -- actually follow-up on tthey omni-channel initiative, so from our vantage point, I think, you're probably a little more forward looking company in tthey industry right now. We're witnessing theyre I think greater buy online, pick up in store discounts. You just talked about you are incentivizing your local managers to encourage customers to Ship to Home, wtheyn it makes sense to do. From your perspective, are you doing ttheir from competitive response what you're seeing in tthey marketplace? Or is ttheir your philosophical view of tthey world? Customers demanding a more integrated omni-channel approach and more transparent pricing between channels? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. That's a good question, Chris. I mean, first of all, we look at every decision we make through tthey customers' lens. So you're referring theyre to tthey DIY customer, and again, I mentioned, Mike Broderick earlier, they's come in with a lot of experience in DIY. We're really excited about DIY. Someone asked me tthey industry trends earlier. We did see an uptick in DIY performance, in tthey most recent couple of periods, and – through NPD. So, DIY is still a pretty exciting place. DIYers – our business is going to grow in DIY, but we have to be able to give tthey customer what ttheyy want, wtheyre ttheyy want it and how ttheyy want it. And some of our customers are going to want to come into our store and speak to one of tthey – our knowledgeable staff and get advice. Ottheyrs are going to want to order off of a mobile device and have it shipped to ttheyir home. Tthey thing is, in our business, wtheyn you have a very high return rate, and knowledge and advice is so critical, which is quite different than ottheyr industries. Imagine yourself trying to repair a vehicle on a weekend and finding out that tthey parts you ordered online was tthey wrong part, now what are you going to do? Well, in our case, we have, obviously, a footprint of stores wtheyre somebody can go to tthey store and get advice. Ttheyy can return tthey part. Ttheyy can learn from it. So, making sure from our vantage point, it's really understanding tthey demand journey that exists for tthey customer itself. And what are tthey decisions ttheyy make along tthey way on that journey, and how can we delight ttheym at every touch point? Wtheyre do ttheyy get angry along that demand journey, with an online experience, and how do we make sure that we capitalize on that? So, ttheyre – we've looked forward. We've got a pretty clear idea of wtheyre we think tthey demand is going to unfold, how much of it's going to be in-store, how much of it's going to be buy online, pick up in store, how much of it is going to be Ship to Home and we've obviously engineered our resources and investment platforms around that. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Okay. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn, unrelated, just wanted to ask about changes you're seeing in tthey oil and gas prices. I know, ttheyre's a lot of puts and takes theyre. Can you maybe just talk about tthey same (1: 07: 16) cost inflation, which you were able to pass through, and how that's theylping comps? And ttheyn maybe how it's affecting tthey supply chain, and if at all you're seeing any kind of customer response to tthey marginally lower discretionary spending? Thank you. Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, tthey only real commodity theyadwinds that we saw, Chris, were R-134a refrigerants and ethylene glycol in tthey quarter. Ottheyr than that, didn't really see much. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Got you. And... Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. And fuel prices, obviously, are important for our industry. We see a real high correlation, obviously, with fuel prices and miles driven. And ttheyre hasn't been a ton of movement ttheyre. I think, it's been – it hasn't come down as much as it did a year ago in tthey previous year, which obviously benefits miles driven. It's a pretty clear inverse correlation between fuel prices and miles driven, right? Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Got you. And ttheyn, in terms of like – you haven't seen any kind of changes to pricing from suppliers on base oil, like kind of, motor oil, ctheymicals or even some of your costs or some rising fuel prices, like, do you anticipate that could be something to think about for next year? Or how do you think about that? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, I mean, it's something we're looking at, obviously, with tthey vendors, and each negotiation, we have it split out with tthey commodities which impact a given category. And, just to repeat, tthey only real theyadwinds we saw in tthey quarter were ethylene glycol and tthey R-134a refrigerant. Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Okay. Great. Thanks for clarifying. Appreciate tthey theylp. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Steve Forbes with Guggentheyim Securities. Please proceed. Steven Forbes - Guggentheyim Securities LLC Good morning. Maybe a multi-part question theyre on tthey end-to-end supply chain optimization effort. Right, so, can you remind us wtheyre Leslie and tthey team are as it relates to tthey strategic review of those assets? And I guess, maybe just touch on, if you can, right, is it fair to say that we should expect kind of a detailed plan as it relates to both tthey timeline and maybe tthey magnitude of opportunity of those initiatives in February? Or is that still too early as it relates to kind of going back to wtheyre you guys are in that whole review? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. First of all, just to give you tthey color on what we're doing theyre, Steve, I mean, tthey approach we've taken, Leslie's taken is really customer back. Okay? So, we're starting with tthey customer and trying to understand from that lens how do we go back from what tthey customer wants and go into tthey supply chain. We're looking across all of tthey current supply chains that we have, which we mentioned. Ttheyre are at least four – I would argue five if I include Canada into that mix, because what you really want is an integrated North American supply chain. Wtheyn you make changes to a supply chain that – such as ours that has tthey size and scale that ours does, you've got to make sure that you get it right. You've got to have all of tthey technology platforms in place. You've got to make sure tthey assortment plan is dialed; tthey execution is planned. So, we are planning on piloting changes with our supply chain in 2018, and we'll come back to you more in February. But, in terms of a detailed plan, in terms of how that's going to unfold, ttheir is going to be an iterative effort over a period of time. Steven Forbes - Guggentheyim Securities LLC So, I guess, maybe a follow-up on that, right? Because as we try to conceptualize, really mainly tthey holistic margin outlook for tthey business, can you touch on, right, you have tthey three buckets: Material costs, zero based budgeting, and supply chain. I mean, how big is supply chain optimization, right? And how does everything you just laid out, right, maybe just tthey timing, theyadwinds, or some of tthey ottheyr theyadwinds in tthey industry, how does that affect, right, tthey timeline for tthey net productivity gains that we should be modeling? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. We've got roughly $1 billion in tthey baseline in our P&L related to supply chain. And we're looking at our end-to-end supply chain can be a couple hundred million opportunity off of that $1 billion baseline. As Tom said, we'll give more color as we get furttheyr along with our pilot. A lot of what we're doing – we – you have to remember, we're in tthey third quarter of a five-year transformation. We've got a number of moving parts, as you saw in Q3. We're doing a lot of innovation, testing a number of different things. Tthey profile is going to be a little bit lumpy. Rest assured that we're going to continue to mine tthey gold out of each one of ttheyse P&L items, as I've taken most of you through on many different occasions. But we're going to have tthey guardrails for tthey customer, and we're going to iterate accordingly. So, it's a little difficult at ttheir point to give tthey exact profile as it relates to end-to-end supply chain. But tthey overall opportunity is very meaningful, couple hundred million dollars. Steven Forbes - Guggentheyim Securities LLC Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from tthey line of Dan Wewer with Raymond James. Please proceed. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Thanks. Tom, wtheyn you increased your estimate on cost take-outs, I think, now we're looking at what, $750 million? I believe, one of tthey buckets was reducing tthey amount of product returns and reducing tthey amount of sales discounts. Are you now thinking that tthey blowback from customers to making those changes could be so significant that you'll perhaps dial back those two efforts? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. I don't know if I would say dial back. I would just say be more cautious in terms of how we do it. I mean, a lot of ttheir transformation, we're learning. We got a number of irons in tthey fire. We've got a tremendous amount of opportunity. But we're not going to hurt tthey customer. So, we're not ashamed to say that a lot of ttheir is trial and error, and we're going to continue to fine-tune. So, I think, tthey opportunity still exists. It's a matter of how we go after tthey opportunity and do we have tthey proper foundation in tthey business right to be able to capitalize on that opportunity. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Second question. On tthey goal of eventually $1 billion of inventory take-outs. Tthey concern that investors are having is that tthey initial $140 million reduction has been very painful on both gross margin rate, as well as negative impact on same-store sales. And I would assume tthey next $860 million of inventory take-out could be even more painful. Your thoughts on those two theyadwinds about reducing inventories? Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah. Well... Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Yeah. Thomas Okray - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, I mean, it's certainly challenging taking inventory out at that level, optimizing it. But we're finding a tremendous amount of opportunity to not only draw down tthey inventory, but get a better assortment. Again, end-to-end supply chain is a big part of ttheir wtheyre we have four different supply chains, which means we have duplicative inventory. A big part of ttheir is getting our turns up and going. We were at 1.24 turns, we need to get those turns higtheyr, which speaks to a better assortment, better execution in tthey stores, higtheyr UPT. Anottheyr trancthey of that is payables. We need to do – continue to do a good job in making sure that our payables structure is right. So, while it's challenging, it's an industry benchmark to be up over 100%. With our mix, we think we can be in tthey high 90%s. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. And tthey final question that I have is with tthey change in tthey field organization. I believe that tthey number of stores that report to each district manager is up to about 15 stores. And your competitors tend to limit that ratio to about 10 stores per DM. If you could discuss why you're confident you can maintain tthey appropriate level of execution at tthey store level, given tthey district manager responsibility is going to be so much greater than ttheyy were before? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Yeah, Dan, that's a good question. Coming from my previous life, I theyard that ttheyre's no way we could change tthey district spans higtheyr than 10 or 11 to 1 for about 20 years. And wtheyn we made tthey change, we actually changed tthey work, as I said earlier, by giving ttheym tthey tools, technology that ttheyy need to do ttheyir job better. So that's really tthey goal theyre. You have to change tthey work. You can't just change tthey spans without changing tthey work. And I'm absolutely confident that we'll be able to execute against that change. I'm not concerned about it. Dan R. Wewer - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from tthey line of Billyina Jolly with Gabelli. Please proceed. A. Billyina Jolly - Gabelli & Company Oh, great. Thanks for fitting me in. Just two very brief questions, one being, did you see any differences in how tthey do-it-for-me and do-it-yourself segments performed? And ttheyn second, just with some of tthey new competitors talking about entering tthey market or entering tthey Norttheyast, have you seen any increase in competition in any regions? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. First of all, on DIY/DIFM, it was a volatile quarter, let me just say. I mean, we had – with tthey hurricanes, you have tthey panic buying in DIY. You have professional garages that are closed for weeks, literally, on end in some cases. In DIFM, we've got a great business down in Puerto Rico and St. Thomas, and our people down ttheyre just moved mountains to get tthey business back on track and really doing extraordinary things to get our business back up and running. So, pretty volatile. I think, overall, our professional business outperformed DIY, which has been tthey case for a period of time for us. In terms of tthey Norttheyast, we welcome competition. We thrive on competition. We want to perform for our customers. We put our customer front and center. We're going to make sure that we're delighting our customers. And our Norttheyast business, we like wtheyre we're set up ttheyre. We've been able to – similar to what I said earlier, we've got one leader overseeing tthey Norttheyast now that reports into Mike Creedon, our Division President, who knows tthey area extremely well. We've seen entrants come in ttheyre, and that makes us better. So, our intention is to continue to win. That's a very important geography for us. And, we're going to continue to focus on delighting our customers in tthey Norttheyast and everywtheyre else. A. Billyina Jolly - Gabelli & Company All right. Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session for today. So now it's my pleasure to hand tthey conference back over to Mr. Tom Greco, President and Chief Executive Officer, for some closing comments and remarks. Sir? Thomas R. Greco - Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Well, thanks, Brian, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We really appreciate your interest in tthey company and your support as we execute our transformation plan. We're committed to tthey successful implementation of tthey plan. And we believe we're going to deliver significant growth to you, all of our shareholders that are out ttheyre. So, I'd like to thank all of our team members across AAP who demonstrate every day our company's mission, passion for customers, and passion for yes. And togettheyr we're going to continue to work diligently to build tthey foundation for tthey company and ensure our long-term success. I look forward to speaking with you in February and providing furttheyr updates on our progress. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. Ttheir does conclude our program, and you may all disconnect. Everybody have a wonderful day.