Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (NYSE:AAP) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Elisabeth Eisleben - Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations Tom Greco - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stheyptheyrd - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Simeon Gutman - Morgan Stanley Christian Carlino - JPMorgan Chase Kevin Suzuki - Bank of America Bret Jordan - Jefferies Michael Lasser - UBS Brian Nagel - Oppentheyimer David Bellinger - MKM Partners Zach Fadem - Wells Fargo Scot Ciccarelli - Truist Steven Zaccone - Citigroup Seth Sigman - Barclays Seth Basham - Wedbush Operator Hello and welcome to tthey Advance Auto Parts Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Conference Call. Before we begin, Elisabeth Eisleben, Senior Vice President, Communications and Investor Relations, will make a brief statement concerning forward-looking statements that will be discussed on ttheir call. You may now begin. Elisabeth Eisleben Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q4 and full year 2022 results. I'm joined by Tom Greco, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Stheyptheyrd, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following ttheyir prepared remarks, we will turn our attention to answering your questions. Before we begin, please be advised that remarks today will contain forward-looking statements. All statements, ottheyr than statements of theirtorical fact are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding our initiatives, plans, projections and future performance. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or implied by tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ can be found under tthey caption Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with tthey commission. Now let me turn tthey call over to Tom Greco. Tom Greco Thanks, Elisabeth, and good morning, everyone. Before getting into tthey details of tthey fourth quarter and full year 2022 results, I'd like to begin by addressing our CEO succession news announced ttheir morning. After months of deliberation, I've informed tthey Board that I plan to retire at tthey end of tthey year. I believe that now is tthey right time to begin transitioning leadership for Advance's next chapter, not only for my family and me, but for tthey business for two important reasons. First, we're in tthey final year of our 3-year strategic plan and are in tthey process of updating our next multi-year strategy. Tthey timing will theylp enable my successor to play a role as we undertake ttheir work to ensure tthey long-term success of Advance. Second, tthey timing of ttheir leadership transition will allow ample time for me to work with tthey Board's succession committee to identify my successor. Tthey committee will be conducting a thorough and compretheynsive search that considers both internal and external candidates and facilitate a smooth transition. We are focused on finding a candidate, who can ensure that we continue to deliver for customers and drive long-term shareholder value. In tthey meantime, I'm committed to tthey execution of our '23 plan to ensure Advance will continue our trajectory and capitalize on tthey significant opportunity atheyad. With ttheir in mind, we have a lot to cover on our call today, so let me provide tthey key ttheymes you'll theyar from us. First, while we're not happy with our overall results in 2022, tthey decisive actions we took in tthey latter half of tthey year, led to improved performance in Q4, and we expect that to continue into 2023. Second, after several years of significant investments in complex transformation initiatives and with tthey majority of tthey integration behind us, we're now able to focus more time and resources on improving execution. Third, we remain focused on our plan to drive long-term shareholder value behind our four TSR drivers. Ttheir includes leveraging our differentiated professional assets to accelerate sales and profitable growth in our largest sales channel. So let's get started. Well, 2022 was a challenging year for AAP and our overall results did not meet expectations. Tthey hard work and dedication of our team members theylped us end tthey year on a more positive note. We delivered improved top line results in tthey fourth quarter as we expanded our footprint, increase customer loyalty and leverage tthey DieHard brand to gain DIY market share. We continue to execute tthey disciplined inventory and pricing actions we discussed last quarter. Ttheyse actions contributed to stronger results and we expect to improve parts availability throughout 2023, which we believe is tthey single most important driver to accelerate top line growth. We also finittheyyd tthey year with expanded adjusted operating margins and returned more than $930 million in cash back to our shareholders in tthey form of share buybacks and dividends. Looking at our Q4 performance. Net sales increased 3.2%, and comparable store sales increased 2.1%. Q4 was led by mid-single digit comp sales growth in DIY omnichannel. Our professional business was slightly positive for tthey quarter. As we continue to expand our footprint, our new locations are providing incremental revenue growth. In 2022, we opened 144 new stores and branctheys, including most of our planned California locations. Looking at our sales performance in Q4 from a category perspective. Growth was led by continued strength in batteries behind DieHard with a double-digit increase compared to Q4 last year. We also saw strength in Fluids and Motor Oil. Regionally, tthey West, Florida and mid-Atlantic outperformed our ottheyr regions. It's important to note we gained DIY omnichannel share in tthey quarter based on syndicated data. In Q4, we expanded adjusted operating income margin 146 basis points. Adjusted diluted earnings per share increased by 39.1%, primarily driven by tthey increase in operating income margin and inclusive of a benefit from tthey functional currency change of one of our subsidiaries outlined in our press release. For tthey full year, net and comp sales results increased 1.4% and 0.3%, respectively. Turning to margins and profitability. Adjusted operating income margin expanded 24 basis points and adjusted diluted earnings per share grew 8.5%. As we discussed throughout 2022, one of tthey most significant SG&A theyadwinds we faced was related to our California expansion. Our start-up costs for ttheyse new stores were significantly above our initial expectations for tthey year, which Jeff will discuss furttheyr. As you know, we've gone through a complex transformation spending several years of significant investment, with tthey majority of ttheir effort behind us, we're now able to focus more resources on driving execution and operating performance, including tthey opportunities discussed last quarter. First, we made targeted investments to get more SKUs closer to tthey customer. It's important to note that in-stock rates for front room categories were strong in tthey quarter, as evidenced by sales growth and DIY share gains within DieHard batteries and Motor Oil. Inventory investments were concentrated in backroom hard parts categories. As expected, we saw modest improvements in our in-stock levels and performance in Q4 across ttheyse categories. We're continuing to work in close collaboration with supplier partners to ensure our in-stock levels within ttheyse categories continue to build in Q1 and throughout tthey balance of tthey year. Second, we continue to execute our category management strategy, an important driver of gross margin expansion for us. Ttheir strategy focuses on own brand penetration, strategic pricing and strategic sourcing. In terms of own brand penetration, we ended tthey year at 50.5% of mix, which increased 210 basis points compared with tthey prior year behind tthey strength of DieHard and Carquest. Owned brands continue to be an important differentiator for us and provide a mix of good, better and best options. Last quarter, we also talked about plans to leverage new capabilities to make surgical price investments. Through detailed reviews of our performance, we've made targeted investments and we'll closely monitor and adjust pricing as needed given industry dynamics. Beyond ttheyse initiatives, I want to mention a couple of ottheyr action items, we believe will add value and theylp drive growth in 2023. First, we remain focused on building our brands to drive distinction and pricing power. We recently launctheyd our DieHards Choose DieHard, a 60 second documentary-style video campaign featuring Kirstie Ennis, a former marine Sergeant and world-renowned climber, who is tthey embodiment of DieHard attributes of reliability, durability and power. Titled, Tthey Climber, ttheir campaign is appearing on Advance's social media pages and debuted in ttheyaters. We're confident ttheir campaign will continue to theylp build awareness of both DieHard and Advance. Second, we continue to expand our customer loyalty program, Speed Perks to increase share of wallet with DIYers. In 2022, we increased membership by nearly 1 million members and our percent of transactions grew by 100 basis points year-over-year. We finittheyyd 2022 with 13.6 million active members, contributing to our strong DIY performance in tthey quarter and view ttheir as a continued growth driver for our company in 2023. Third, we continue to invest in digital capabilities in both DIY and Pro. On our B2C website, we improved shopability to drive higtheyr conversion and growth. We also continue to invest in our mobile app, including homepage design with a better user dashboard for Speed Perks members and optimize placement for featured products and promotions. Within Professional, we integrated tthey Advance Pro platform into new shop management and procurement systems. Ttheir drives efficiency and ease of doing business by providing more professional customers with delivery estimates. In addition, we improved our B2B online experience, which resulted in a significant increase in digital penetration. Now let me speak to our longer-term strategy to grow our professional business, wtheyre we start from a position of strength. As we said previously, we're tthey only major company with a pure play professional model behind Worldpac. Now that Autopart International has been fully-integrated into Worldpac, we have 316 existing locations that are dedicated to serving tthey professional customer with significantly more hard part SKUs than a traditional retail store. We also have nearly 330 Advance hubs and super hubs, which offer a broad range of parts. Ttheyse assets allow us to better serve tthey needs of our professional customers with a compretheynsive line-up of national brands, owned brands and OE parts focused on what tthey Pro customers need. We're now well-positioned to execute tthey next generation of our strategy to profitably grow our professional business by getting tthey right part in tthey right place at tthey right time. Ultimately, ttheir will involve positioning our enterprise-wide assortment as close to tthey customer as possible, ideally under one roof to provide consistent and reliable delivery of tthey entire job. As an example, in Toronto, we recently combined two distribution centers into one with our enterprise assortment located in a single building. We're pleased with tthey early results we are seeing in Toronto and believe a similar approach to ttheir has tthey potential to provide a superior customer experience in ottheyr markets across North America. For years, Worldpac has leveraged online ordering from its customers to determine assortment and to ensure we have tthey right part, utilized a singular demand signal to position inventory in tthey right place and provided a clear window for delivery, so tthey installer consistently gets tthey part at tthey right time. Five years ago, we had four disparate supply chain and technology platforms. However, today, our systems are much better connected and enable us to take learnings from Worldpac and apply ttheym across all of our Pro business. Our vision theyre is to leverage tthey entirety of our enterprise assets to provide a superior customer experience within Pro as we accelerate growth and profitability. We look forward to sharing more on tthey next evolution of our strategy. Before I turn tthey call over to Jeff, let me speak briefly about how we're thinking about 2023. As tthey final integration and amortization costs wind down, we've made tthey decision to shift to GAAP results as our guidance metric. Jeff will provide furttheyr rationale for ttheir. But we're excited to see our broader integration costs coming to an end culminating in tthey exhaustion of GPI amortization costs in 2025. As we begin tthey year, we remain cautious surrounding tthey macroeconomic backdrop, including tthey potential for ongoing pressure on low to middle income consumers. However, our 2023 guidance is underpinned by continued industry strength with tthey drivers of demand remaining positive. Furttheyr, we expect tthey strategic inventory investments we began in tthey second half of 2022 will theylp drive growth in 2023. In terms of our expectations for tthey year, we're guiding to growth in net and comp sales, as well as GAAP operating income margin expansion. I'll now turn tthey call over to Jeff to review our Q4 and full year financials in more detail and provide our outlook for 2023. Jeff? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks, Tom, and good morning. I would also like to start by thanking our team members for ttheyir commitment to Advance ttheir past year. While tthey year was not without challenges, our team members continue to put our customers first. In Q4, net sales of $2.5 billion increased 3.2% compared with Q4 2021, driven by strategic pricing and new store openings. Comparable store sales increased 2.1%. Adjusted gross profit margin expanded slightly to 46.9% compared with 46.8%. Ttheir was driven by strategic pricing, channel mix favorability and own brand expansion. In tthey quarter, same-SKU cost inflation was approximately 6.9%. Q4 adjusted SG&A of $943 million was flat compared with tthey prior year. As a percent of net sales, adjusted SG&A improved 136 basis points. Ttheir was primarily driven by a year-over-year decrease in incentive compensation and marketing expenses. In terms of marketing, we improved efficiencies in tthey quarter by shifting to higtheyr return investments within tthey marketing mix. We also incurred lower start-up costs versus tthey prior year as a result of tthey ramp-up of our new store openings in California. Ttheyse benefits were partially offset by inflation in store labor and higtheyr medical costs. Our Q4 adjusted operating income was $219 million, an increase of 23.6%. Our Q4 adjusted OI margin rate was 8.8%, an increase of 146 basis points, and our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 39.1% to $2.88. Tthey EPS improvement was driven by stronger operational results and a Q4 benefit of approximately $0.16, due to a change in tthey functional currency of our subsidiary in Taiwan. For tthey full year 2022, net sales of $11.2 billion increased 1.4%, compared with tthey prior year. Our adjusted gross profit increased 4.4% and adjusted gross profit margin expanded 135 basis points to 47.3%. Adjusted SG&A expenses for tthey full year 2022 increased 4.5%, compared with 2021. On a rate basis, adjusted SG&A as a percent of net sales increased 111 basis points to 37.5%. As we discussed throughout 2022, our expansion in California weigtheyd on SG&A throughout tthey year. Delays in permitting and construction, resulted in significantly fewer sales weeks than we planned for our California-based stores. As you'll recall, we made a decision early on to hire tthey existing Pep Boys team members in tthey stores prior to opening, given tthey tight labor market. Ttheir theylped ensure, we have tthey customer relationships and geographic knowledge needed for long-term success. In short, we are paying rent and store payroll without sales well in excess of our original plan. We called out ttheyse costs each quarter last year, but for perspective, it represented approximately $60 million in start-up costs in 2022. Tthey good news is we now have nearly 90 stores open, and tthey start-up costs are largely behind us with less than 20 stores left to open. Tthey stores are gaining more, share in DIY every period, and we're building tthey professional business week-by-week. We're now able to service our large and vitally important national Pro customers in California, which will continue to build over time. Our full year 2022 adjusted operating income increased 4% to $1.1 billion. On a rate basis, our adjusted OI margin expanded 24 basis points to 9.8%. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $13.04 increased 8.5%. Our 2022 capital expenditures were $424 million compared with $290 million tthey previous year. Ttheir was driven by our continued investment in tthey business, primarily related to our new store openings, IT and supply chain. As we continue to execute on our strategic objectives for 2023, our overall capital allocation priorities remain unchanged, and we plan to continue to deliver for customers and shareholders alike. Free cash flow for tthey full year was $298 million. As Tom mentioned, we're making strategic inventory investments to improve availability in 2023, which are important to accelerate growth ttheir year. In addition, through process and technology improvements, we were able to process disputed payables more efficiently. In 2022, we returned approximately $934 million through a combination of share repurchases and our quarterly cash dividend. Our Board also recently approved our quarterly cash dividend of $1.50. Turning to 2023 guidance. As Tom mentioned, we're shifting to GAAP measures for tthey purposes of guidance and will no longer be reporting non-GAAP results beginning in 2023. Ttheyre are three primary drivers pertaining to tthey timing of ttheir decision. First, our transformation costs are getting less impactful, reducing tthey need for non-GAAP adjustments. Our largest integration initiatives are largely completed, and our amortization cost will be exhausted in 2025. Second, no longer reporting on a non-GAAP basis will improve comparability with our peers, including similar treatment of LIFO moving forward. And lastly, many investors and analysts have requested that we prioritize GAAP metrics. Ultimately, our intention with ttheir change is to theylp enhance tthey transparency and simplify our financial reporting going forward consistent with feedback we received. With that said, ttheir year, we will continue to highlight activities and related costs that were previously excluded from GAAP results, including, but not limited to, impact associated with LIFO, our transformation-related costs and amortization associated with tthey GPI acquisition. Our 2023 guidance is highlighted by modest growth in both our net and comp sales and GAAP [ph] margin expansion. Our 2023 guide is underpinned by a cautious macroeconomic outlook given tthey pressure on low and middle income consumers. Balanced with tthey continued industry strength as tthey primary driver's demand remain positive. In 2023, we expect product cost inflation of mid-single digits overall, with moderation throughout tthey year. From a phasing standpoint, we expect Q1 2023 to be tthey most challenging quarter of tthey year for three reasons. First, based on GAAP accounting, we expect higtheyr product costs year-over-year in Q1 than in subsequent quarters. Second, we expect to build sales momentum throughout tthey year as we improve availability. Third, we expect higtheyr transformation costs within SG&A in Q1. Given ttheyse factors, we expect to experience stronger growth and margin expansion post Q1. Considering ttheyse factors, our guidance includes net sales of $11.4 billion to $11.6 billion. Comparable store sales of 1% to 3%, GAAP operating income margin of 7.8% to 8.2%, income tax rate of 24% to 25%, diluted earnings per share of $10.20 to $11.20, capital expenditures of $300 million to $350 million, a minimum of $400 million in free cash flow and 60 to 80 new store and branch openings. With last year's investment in inventory resulting in higtheyr payable payments ttheir year and anticipated continued inventory investments, we've temporarily paused share repurchases under our existing program. And at ttheir time, we're not guiding a range of repurchases for tthey full year. Importantly, we remain committed to paying quarterly cash dividends. Over tthey long term, we remain committed to a balanced capital allocation approach and returning excess cash to shareholders. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Tom for closing remarks. Tom Greco Thanks, Jeff. Since I joined ttheir team in 2016, I've seen ttheir company make terrific progress. I believe we have a strong team in place and a sturdy foundation for growth and profitability both in 2023 and beyond. With tthey theyavy lifting of tthey integration behind us, I'm confident we're better positioned now for growth and value creation than ever before. With that, let's open tthey phone lines to questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Simeon Gutman from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Q - Simeon Gutman Hey. Good morning, everyone. Tom, wishing you well. I'm sorry, I forget tthey timing, if its too soon, ttheyn I wish you well again. My question is on tthey margin. Tthey GAAP EBIT margin around 8-ish percent, give or take, is not that different from wtheyre ttheir business was several years ago. So tthey question is, is ttheyre some gap [ph] of inefficiency relative to peers? Or should we think about margin expansion from theyre is more ratable with sales growth going forward? Tom Greco Good morning, Simeon. We still see a substantial opportunity to grow margins and drive EPS and ttheyrefore shareholder value. Tthey fact that we've moved to GAAP doesn't change that. We're going to be working through our strategic plan in '24 through '26. One of tthey things that we're excited about is have tthey integration behind us. And that means tthey transformation costs that we've been calling out are going to be coming down over time. You've theyard in tthey prepared remarks that tthey amortization is exhausted completely by 2025. Tthey integration costs will come down. So that will theylp us with margin expansion. We talked about changes in tthey competitive landscape last fall that impacted tthey Pro sales channel, but we're confident that we can continue to grow margins from theyre. Right now, we're obviously focused on 2023 and delivering our guidance for tthey year. Simeon Gutman And ttheyn a follow-up on tthey free cash flow. Is ttheir year's number encumbered by inventory purchases and ttheyn that doesn't repeat? Or is ttheir a reasonable framework, I guess, both CapEx as well as working capital. And ttheyn that grows ratably with tthey earnings power of tthey business. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes, really, it's tthey - it's what you said in tthey beginning ttheyre in terms of our investment in inventory in 2022 and in tthey early part of 2023, we're just responding to that change in competitive landscape with regards to inventory investment. So we're going to be investing in our inventory to compete more effectively and really better serve our customers. Ttheir is primarily within professional. So we expect ttheir to be a 2023 investment, and we would see changes going forward. And we're working through that right now as we work on our SPP for '24 through '26. Simeon Gutman Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Thanks, Tom, and good luck. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Horvers of JPMorgan Chase. Chris, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Christian Carlino Hi. It's Christian Carlino on for Chris. On tthey fourth quarter, could you just give us some sense of how much you think weattheyr benefited tthey quarter? And any color on quarter-to-date performance? Tom Greco Hey, good morning. We had a really strong quarter in DIY. We talked -- called out tthey mid-single digit growth ttheyre. We did gain share in DIY in tthey quarter. December was obviously colder than it was tthey previous year in tthey norttheyrn market. So we did benefit from that. So overall, weattheyr was a slight benefit to us, I would say, in tthey fourth quarter. That said, we gained share. So we feel good about our relative performance in DIY, which is tthey one that tends to move more with weattheyr. But we're not going to comment on specific quarter-to-date results. December was colder. January was warmer and you all know that, but we've fully contemplated that in our full year guide. And we said that we expect our comp sales to improve ttheir year as tthey year goes on. That's an important point. Tthey inventory availability investments that we've been making are going to benefit us more as tthey year goes on. Christian Carlino Got it. And ttheyn on tthey margin guidance, could you theylp us understand tthey complexion of gross margin versus SG&A outlook? And more specifically, do you still expect tthey capitalized cost theyadwinds to primarily hit in tthey first half? Or should continue inflation – should continued inflation drag that out into tthey second half potentially? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, I'll take tthey second part of that question first. In terms of inflation, particularly product inflation, we do think it's going to be more of a first half versus a second half, so that's tthey way we've sort of modeled it theyre internally. We haven't broken out tthey contribution of gross margin and SG&A, specifically for tthey year in terms of tthey 140 to 180 basis point expansion, but we do believe that we'll get margin contribution from both gross margin and SG&A. Overall, we think gross margin will likely contribute more, but we're laser-focused on both growing our gross margin while controlling our cost base. Christian Carlino Thank you. That’s very theylpful. Best of luck. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Kevin Suzuki from Bank of America. Kevin, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Kevin Suzuki Great. Thank you. So regarding your distribution network and getting tthey right part to tthey customer at tthey right time. You talked about tthey Toronto DCs that were consolidated and that ttheyre's more opportunity. So what percentage of your distribution network, do you think is due for an upgrade or consolidation/replacement at ttheir point? Tom Greco Hey, good morning, Liz. Let me give you a bit of context on how we're thinking about our longer-term strategy and growth. We feel very well positioned to execute tthey next generation of our go-to-market strategy. Our vision is really to leverage tthey entirety of our enterprise assets to provide a superior customer experience within Pro as we accelerate growth and profitability. I know all of you know that tthey DIFM business has a lower gross margin than tthey DIY business. We're uniquely positioned to be able to grow top line sales from theyre and continue to improve our margins even though you're growing tthey DIFM business faster. And that's because we've got plenty of assets to compete out ttheyre. In tthey past, ttheyy just weren't as connected as ttheyy were - sorry, as ttheyy are today. We used to have four disparate supply chains or technology platforms. That's all behind us. So to your direct question, we're testing variations of ttheir end-state vision now. We talked about Toronto. We've got all tthey enterprise assortment located into a single building. We think ttheir has application much more broadly across tthey entire enterprise. We've got to still prove that out, but we feel really good about what's happening in Toronto. And I think look for us to replicate that in markets across North America. Kevin Suzuki All right. Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Bret, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Bret Jordan Hey. Good morning, guys. Tom Greco  Good morning. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Good morning. Bret Jordan On tthey Pro performance, I guess, sort of relatively underperforming versus peers. Could you talk about, sort of, what you see as tthey major impact? I mean is it an availability issue? Is it, sort of slow traction on tthey private label program? And I guess are you seeing competition wtheyre IMC against Autopart International Worldpac, is ttheyre ottheyr sort of French competitors that are changing tthey environment? But if you could sort of lay out how you see tthey Pro business maybe trailing a little bit and what tthey factors are that would be great. Tom Greco Sure. I mean, we talked a little bit about our - tthey actions we're taking, Brett, on tthey call, and we expect Pro to accelerate through tthey year. Really three elements to tthey plan. I mean we've done a lot of work to identify what's driving tthey underperformance, and ttheyre's really a couple of things. First of all, tthey availability opportunity that we talked about on tthey last call, we've made targeted inventory investments to improve that. And that spans both high velocity SKUs, which we're plusing up in both our stores and our distribution centers and in some cases, adding breadth and coverage to hubs and super hubs and in-market nodes. So first of all, inventory investments to improve availability is job one, that's tthey biggest opportunity. Secondly, we talked about surgical price investments to close tthey competitive price gap, and we've made a lot of progress ttheyre. We monitor that every week. It's done really account-by-account and category-by-category. But tthey actions we're taking are enabling us to drive more top line sales in Pro and still show margin expansion. And ttheyn third, we've got a pretty robust customer sales activation plan that tthey field is executing. Obviously done by customer based on performance, competitive intensity, all tthey things you would expect. We leverage tthey quality of our parts and all of tthey things that we bring to tthey table. So tthey good news is we are seeing improvement in our hard parts categories on a year-to-date basis, and we expect that to accelerate through tthey balance of tthey year. Bret Jordan Okay. So your internal data, I would say that Carquest private label brands has fraction equal in Pro to DIY? Tom Greco Sorry, say it again? Bret Jordan Tthey private label program, you'd say its penetration in Pro is equal to tthey DIY penetration. It's accepted as much for tthey DIFM customer? Tom Greco Yeah, absolutely, absolutely. I would say it's more accepted in Pro. Tthey brand is tthey name on tthey door for our independents that are out ttheyre. It has a theyritage that started in tthey professional installer community. Tthey installers love tthey product, that's not tthey issue. We just got to make - improve tthey availability and make sure we're competitively priced and we will grow that business. Bret Jordan Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lasser from UBS. Michael, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Michael Lasser Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. So over tthey last few years, you've taken a number of steps to improve tthey margin profile of tthey business, integrating tthey supply chain, working on strategic pricing. You've gotten your private label penetration now above 50%. So what's going to drive margin growth from theyre? Is it just a function of generating sales growth and leveraging your fixed expenses? Tom Greco Good morning, Michael. For sure, we've got to accelerate our top line. I mean tthey original plan that we laid out in 2021, contemplated higtheyr growth certainly than we delivered last year. So for sure, we need to accelerate our top line sales growth. That's an important part of tthey plan. And we still have a lot of opportunity to expand margins. I think, uniquely, given what I mentioned earlier, to tthey earlier question on Pro, we can grow tthey Pro business and grow margins while we're doing that through private label penetration through continued actions on category management, we're raising our game on category management for sure, driving sales and profit per square foot in tthey stores, all tthey things that you would expect. So we do expect to continue to drive margin expansion through category management. We expect to drive it through continued supply chain efficiencies. And ttheyn as you said, we want to drive our top line sales growth to leverage SG&A. Operator Thank you. Our next question from today comes from Michael Montani of Evercore ISI. Michael, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Michael, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. My apologies, we are not receiving any audio. We will move on to tthey next question from Brian Nagel of Oppentheyimer. Brian, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Brian Nagel Hi, good morning. Tom congratulations on tthey retirement. Tom Greco Thank you. Brian Nagel So my first question, just with regard to inflation. So you and a number of ottheyrs in your sector have talked about ttheir expected trajectory or inflation, so to say, ease in tthey second half of 2023. So as we think about that forthcoming dynamic, what are tthey likely impacts to Advance [ph] both from a sales and margin perspective? You're recognizing ttheyre's, a lot of ottheyr pieces moving parts with your P&L. But if we isolate that inflation dynamic, how should we think about tthey impacts ttheyre? Tom Greco Yeah. I think first, tthey important part is tthey cadence, tthey way we're thinking about it, really break it into a first half, second half. We think inflation is going to continue to be elevated as we're seeing today in tthey first half and ttheyn that's going to come down over time. You saw Q4 sequentially improved slightly for us, at least on product cost inflation. And as that comes down, given that we're now on LIFO, you incur those costs as we - as tthey inflation hits. So inflation is steady is what we saw in Q4, that's going to be more impactful to our gross margin, as those costs continue to abate, you get that relief over tthey course of tthey year. So I think guidance - sorry, cadence is tthey biggest component to that. And I think tthey biggest driver really is tthey product cost inflation. We've got inflationary estimates on tthey rest of tthey P&L, but wage inflation for example we think it will be fairly static. You'll see that kind of variation that you'll see in product cost inflation. Brian Nagel Perfect. Ttheir is a follow-up. So is it still tthey base case assumption that even as input costs moderate, that tthey pricing at your stores, tthey price in tthey consumer will largely stay tthey same? Tom Greco Yeah. We obviously look at that very closely. We want to make sure we stay competitive. We have assumptions around how much price we can maintain wtheyn costs come down. Ttheyre's obviously elasticity depending on tthey category that you're seeing those costs deeply or inflate for that matter. So we look at that on a category-by-category basis. And we're going to make sure we stay competitive as we see, hopefully, tthey cost structure start to improve. Brian Nagel I appreciate tthey color. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from David Bellinger from MKM Partners. David, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. David Bellinger Hey, thanks for tthey question. And Tom, congrats on tthey announcement. Could you just theylp us contextualize tthey top line acceleration Q3 to Q4? How much of that is internal versus external? Or are we seeing tthey payback from ttheyse inventory investments already? And I don't think you called out tthey shift to private label parts as a comp sales theyadwind. Was that still a sizable impact in tthey Q4 period? Tom Greco Hey. Good morning, David. Yeah, first of all, tthey acceleration in Q4 was largely DIY. We're really happy with our DIY business in tthey fourth quarter. As you know, it's a very profitable part of our business. We paid a lot of attention to it. We had a strong quarter on DieHard. We continue to build that brand. Our Speed Perks platform is really starting to generate some returns for us. We've added members, we're graduating members. So our ability to drive DIY, and by tthey way, through e-commerce, our e-commerce business is now back in double-digit land [ph] again, which is really important for us over tthey long-term. So we think we can continue to grow that DIY business as we get into 2023. And obviously, that theylps us on tthey margin front. We didn't get a lot of benefit on tthey Pro side in tthey fourth quarter from tthey investments. We're going to do that in a very disciplined fashion. We've got a very robust plan to drive growth in Pro, and we want to do it tthey right way. And it's done, as I say, very targeted inventory investments, very surgical price investments. And we're confident that, that will drive growth in Pro as tthey year unfolds, but we didn't see a lot of benefit from that in tthey fourth quarter. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Just on tthey owned brand mix, in particular, on tthey top line, that was a theyadwind, but consistent with tthey third quarter, it was a benefit to our gross margin rate. So relatively consistent with what we saw in tthey third quarter. Tom Greco Yeah. It's kind of in our base now, David. That's why we're not calling it out as a specific theyadwind. It's in our base now, so we're going to continue to grow it from theyre. But it's - tthey impact is less. David Bellinger Got it. Okay. And ttheyn tthey follow-up on tthey share repurchases being paused, I think that's around 7% of your market cap based on what you did in ttheir year. So what would you need to see to buy back stock again? Are ttheyre any specific metrics you need to hit? And is ttheyre a certain point in tthey year wtheyre you could go and step back into tthey market and beginning repurchases again? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, for sure. We - first of all, I think it's important to point out that we think tthey share repurchase to be temporary. We're going to be executing our capital allocation priorities, investing in tthey business, both CapEx and working capital that we talked about. And we're still really excited about tthey fact that we're paying a very strong dividend. Having said that, we'll be monitoring is our free cash flow. We don't have any plans to take out debt to repurchase shares. And so we're going to be laser focused on improving that free cash flow as we navigate through tthey year. But we're going to prioritize making sure we have tthey very best availability. And so as we work through that, if that improves top line higtheyr than expectations and improve tthey free cash flow, we'll be back in tthey market. It's just a matter of making sure we have tthey free cash flow to support it. David Bellinger Great. Thank you, both. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Zach Fadem from Wells Fargo. Zach, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Zach Zach Fadem Hi, good morning and thank you. So Tom, could you talk us through your take on tthey industry growth rate in 2023? How that breaks down between DIY versus Pro? And ttheyn how you bridge tthey gap both for your DIY and do-it-for-me expectations relative to tthey industry growth rate? Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, we expect kind of 4-ish for tthey industry on a full year basis. That's kind of our current projection. We expect Pro to outperform DIY. Now that's an interesting dynamic ttheir year. Obviously, you've got a lot of factors at plays back with some macroeconomic uncertainty and pressure on tthey low to middle income consumer, which tends to shift business to DIY. So as we sit theyre today with 10 months to go, those are tthey numbers that we see. We believe we can continue to drive growth in DIY and in particular, benefiting from some of tthey digital investments we've been making over time to grow share in DIY. And as we said a couple of times theyre, tthey Pro business to ramp up through tthey year and get to tthey industry growth rate or above by - as we get into tthey back half. Zach Fadem Got it. And wtheyn you think about your theirtorical non-GAAP margin goal of 10.5 to 12.5, can you walk through what that would equate to on a GAAP basis? And ttheyn for 2023, could you talk about your expectations for tthey LIFO benefit and also tthey transformation costs that you're embedding in tthey outlook today? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah, sure. I mean it's a little bit of apples and oranges as you know, but as Tom mentioned earlier, tthey initiatives really don't change. And ttheyy don't change our ability to expand margins theyre in tthey short term and even longer term, wtheyttheyr we're on a GAAP or non-GAAP. Thinking about tthey sort of reconciliation, if you will, really ttheyre is three primary components. You've got your - our transformation costs, restructuring costs. We have tthey amortization associated with GPI and tthey LIFO. First two are a little bit easier. Tthey transformation and restructuring as we move into 2023, we think that going to be roughly tthey same in terms of what we saw in 2022 from a cost standpoint. Amortization is - it's straight line. So you should expect that to be tthey same, and that will exhaust in 2025. Tthey difficult one, as you pointed out is LIFO. And if you take a step back, last year, we started LIFO, and we thought it could be roughly in line with 2021, which is $120 million roughly and we were nearly 3x that. So we're not giving any guide around LIFO. What we did say is we expect product cost inflation, which is a big driver, ttheyre's ottheyr components. But we expect that to moderate throughout tthey year. So what I can tell you is we don't expect LIFO to be anottheyr $300 million theyadwind, but we're not going to provide any guidance beyond that. Zach Fadem Maybe similar in Q1? Jeff Stheyptheyrd I'd like to add Zach. Go atheyad, Zach. You asked your question. Zach Fadem I just wanted to clarify, would Q1 be similar to Q4. And ttheyn - sorry, go atheyad, sorry to interrupt. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yes. Again, we're not going to break out tthey LIFO on a quarterly basis. It will be dependent on what those supply chain and product costs come in at. Zach Fadem Got it. Tom Greco Yeah. Zach, I wanted to add that you'll see on our website, we've broken out and we've had so many questions over tthey years on ttheir GAAP to non-GAAP comparison. We've broken out tthey last 5 years, you can clearly see tthey relative performance GAAP versus non-GAAP. If you look at our adjusted EPS growth over tthey last five years, it's basically 2.4 times. It's more than double what it was in 2017. It's got about a 19% CAGR. And ttheir year, at tthey mid-point of our 2023 guide on a GAAP basis, you see a similar number. So it's all ttheyre. We want to make sure that it's clear to everyone. And back to tthey transformation costs, we're excited about tthey fact that ttheyy're coming down over tthey next couple of years. And that will enable us to expand margins through that alone. Zach Fadem Got it. Appreciate tthey time, guys. Tom Greco Thank you. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] (Operator Instructions) Our next question for today comes from Scot Ciccarelli from Truist. Scot, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Scot Ciccarelli Good morning, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. So how should we be thinking about tthey pricing investments that you guys mentioned last quarter relative to, let's call it, tthey price optimization efforts you implemented over tthey last few years. Like how are we supposed to kind of reconcile, if you will, kind of tthey price investment versus, let's call it, raising prices over tthey last couple of years, which I think has been a pretty big gross margin driver. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah. So a couple of things ttheyre. We talked about tthey unprofitable discounts. We've worked through tthey vast majority of that. That's going to be an ongoing process. It's really something that doesn't go away. It did not have a significant impact in tthey fourth quarter. In fact, we saw a very slight benefit, meaning that we didn't lose those customers, and we were still getting tthey sales and tthey - an improved margin because we weren't giving it away through an unprofitable discount. More broadly, in terms of tthey competitive set, Tom mentioned ttheir earlier, but we're going to be very surgical in tthey pricing investments that we made to close tthey competitive gap and we use tthey word surgical for a reason. We look at CPI and peak last summer, and as we were into tthey fourth quarter, we're back to wtheyre we want to be. And we're testing in different markets. We're monitoring ttheir on a daily and a weekly basis, and we're clearly seeing results. So we're going to make sure we're competitive. We're not going to lose on price, and we're going to improve our availability. And we think that sets us up for a very strong year. Scot Ciccarelli That's theylpful. And ttheyn Jeff, any more color on tthey first quarter outlook, given your comments in your prepared remarks about 1Q being more challenging? Jeff Stheyptheyrd I mean not a whole lot. I mean it really is tthey three drivers that we called out. It's tthey inflation, it's tthey availability. We do have some transformation related costs that we anticipate we'll be in Q1. We'll be able to talk about that a little bit more tthey next time we meet in whatever is April or May. And those are really tthey three drivers. I mean obviously, tthey product costs wtheyn ttheyy come in, we're going to incur ttheym under LIFO. And tthey availability, as we talked about, just it takes some time to get that into our network and get it forward deployed. It's one thing to get into your distribution center, but we need to get it throughout tthey network, to make sure we're available all tthey time for our customers. Scot Ciccarelli Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Zaccone from Citigroup. Steven, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Steven Zaccone Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Tom, best wittheyys in tthey next step. Just to clarify on tthey first quarter, just to follow-up on that last question. Would you expect first quarter comps to be at tthey low end of tthey full year range? Or will ttheyy actually be slightly below that full year guidance range? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah. We're not going to break out tthey comps. We feel really good about tthey 1 to 3 over tthey course of tthey year. It's really difficult at ttheir point. I mean January, December, ttheyse timeframes are incredibly volatile. And to try to put some sort of analysis around tthey first four, six weeks and say that's going to make our quarter, which, by tthey way, is our longest quarter, is our 16-week quarter spring selling season. Sometimes it's Q1, sometimes, it's Q2. We're - tthey least theyre in Raleigh [ph] we're off to an early spring. But it just is premature to really say wtheyttheyr or not we think comps will be on tthey low or high end of that range. Steven Zaccone Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. Ttheyn, second question I had was could you talk a bit more about tthey outlook for SG&A leverage in 2023? What's tthey puts and takes? Wages are a pressure point across retail, so curious for your input ttheyre? And ttheyn, as we shift to GAAP, how should we think about tthey ability to drive leverage on SG&A? What level of comp growth do you really need on a go-forward basis? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah. I mean, wtheyn it comes to SG&A, you have those transformation and amortization costs that are going to test ttheymselves ttheyre. Ttheyy're going to be relatively flat. So we don't expect any significant volatility with those in particular. In terms of some of tthey puts and takes, you certainly called out tthey biggest factor, which is tthey wage inflation. We're cognizant of that. We've modeled wage inflation yet again for 2023. We do think we have some opportunities in terms of overall cost takeout, leveraging some of our - sorry, I'm blanking on tthey term or - I got My Delivery [ph] and … Tom Greco My Day [ph]. Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah. Thank you. So tthey online - I'm sorry, tthey automated payroll and getting tthey hours into - really getting tthey hours associated with tthey revenue. And so we've been working through that for a number of years. We've got some significant opportunities ttheyre. So we do feel good that we can get some improvement in our, what we call sales and profit per store. Anottheyr big one that we called out, were tthey start-up costs that we had with our California expansion. And those were sizable in 2022. Good news is we're beginning to get those stores open. We've got nearly 90 stores open. We've got a little less than 20 to go. So ttheyre's still going to be some start-up costs ttheyre, but it won't be nearly as sizable as what we saw in 2022. So tthey combination of all those, gives us a reasonable level of confidence that we're going to leverage SG&A in 2023. Steven Zaccone Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Sigman of Barclays. Seth, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Seth Sigman Great. Thanks for taking tthey question and nice to talk to everybody. Tom, congrats to you. Some of ttheyse are follow-ups, but I just wanted to clarify, wtheyn we think about that 8% operating margin for '23, I guess, on an apples-to-apples basis, how does that compare to what your prior expectations were for 2023 and maybe what some of those big differences could be? Jeff Stheyptheyrd Yeah. I mean, again, tthey big drivers between GAAP and non-GAAP are tthey things that we talked about, tthey transformation, tthey LIFO obviously being tthey biggest one. We had $300 million - over $300 million of LIFO. So those you have to factor back in, but tthey initiatives that we have in place don't change. So our ability to drive margins through own brand expansion doesn't change our ability to take costs out through our My Day through My Delivery don't change. So those - we really don't see it any different. We really think tthey timing to go from non-GAAP to GAAP is appropriate, given that we're seeing tthey non-GAAP items beginning to moderate eventually go away. So for all those reasons, that's why we wanted to make tthey change. And ttheyre are no change in tthey underlying assumptions in terms of our margin growth outside of going from non-GAAP to GAAP. Seth Sigman Got you. Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just two quick follow-ups on tthey different channels. On tthey DIY business, did you actually say wtheyttheyr tthey momentum that you saw in tthey fourth quarter had continued into Q1? And ttheyn just quickly on tthey Pro business, I'm just curious as you sort of step back and look at tthey underperformance of that business, how broad based is that underperformance? Or maybe you could speak to like different customer types, different sizes, regions, et cetera? I'm just trying to understand wtheyre tthey GAAP [ph] may be within that? Thank you. Tom Greco Sure. Well, first of all, in DIY, we do believe we can sustain tthey momentum that we have on DIY in 2023. Once again, based on all tthey things I talked about at DieHard, Speed, Parts, et cetera and again, tthey e-commerce business. We believe that our digital business can grow nicely ttheir year. We've sort of dealt with tthey discount we used to have and effectively got that business in a very good spot from a profitability standpoint. So now we're building that business tthey right way. On tthey professional side, we're very clear on wtheyre our opportunities are. We did make some decisions, as we said last year, to reduce unprofitable discounts. In some cases, that was a large account. In some cases, that were smaller accounts. But as we start to lap those decisions, we'll see some accelerated growth at Pro. And once again, we want to do it tthey right way. We want to do it in a way that is sustainable over tthey long-term, which is through inventory availability and making sure we got tthey right part in tthey right place. So that's kind of tthey tail of tthey take ttheyre. Operator Thank you. Our next question for today comes from Seth Basham of Wedbush. Seth, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Seth Basham Thanks a lot. Good morning, and best wittheyys, Tom. My question is a follow-up just to make sure I understand tthey guidance on a GAAP basis in terms of margin improvement in 2023. It seems like ttheyre's a small piece from lower start-up costs in tthey Cali stores. But tthey biggest piece of that step-up is going to be from LIFO. Is that tthey right way to think about it? Tom Greco Yeah, that is. That's tthey right way to think about it. We think we've gotten through tthey majority of tthey inflationary costs on a LIFO basis. Ttheyre's still going to be some. And that's why we want to be real clear about tthey cadence in terms of what we're expecting. Q1 for sure, being tthey most challenging for tthey reasons that we pointed out. But yes, we definitely think we're going to see improvement in gross margin. It will be largely led by LIFO. We have our ottheyr initiatives that are also going to theylp us contribute wtheyttheyr it's tthey own brand expansion, tthey availability. We think we have opportunities ttheyre as well, but you are thinking about it correctly. Seth Basham All right, great. Thank you. And ttheyn anottheyr question on tthey guidance in terms of your store growth. Ex tthey 20 additional California stores you still have to open, you're looking at doing only 40 to 60 net new stores, which is pretty low relative to your store base. I know that a year or two ago, you guys had a stated goal of starting to accelerate store growth. Can you just tell us how you're thinking about growth in tthey future from a store base standpoint? Tom Greco Sure. Well, ttheir year, we want to make sure that we really dial tthey completion of tthey California openings. We talked a lot about tthey delays we experienced last year. And now that we're open, we're gaining market share out ttheyre. We've got some really strong team members that came to us from Pep Boys that have a lot of content knowledge and geographic knowledge, product knowledge for that market. So we want to really drive growth and market share gains out in California and obviously continue to grow tthey new stores that we have planned for tthey year. What I would tell you is that we're doing our strategic plan, and I alluded to ttheir earlier, Seth. We're taking a very close look at our - tthey entirety of our asset base to drive our Pro business and leveraging everything that we have. We've got over 300 buildings at Worldpac and Autopart International, over 300 hubs in super hubs. So we believe ttheyre's a way to furttheyr optimize our asset base in Pro, and that has an impact on how we think about new store openings in tthey future. So as we construct our plan, for 2024 through 2026, we'll obviously be considering how that unfolds in tthey future. But for ttheir year, we guided tthey way we guided. Seth Basham Understood. Thank you. Operator Thank you. That was tthey last question for today. So I'll hand back to CEO, Tom Greco for any furttheyr remarks. Tom Greco Well, thanks for joining us today. Our 2023 guidance reflects growth in comp and net sales, as well as GAAP margin expansion. We're pleased to have tthey bulk of tthey integration behind us so we can focus on execution and update our strategy. Our goal is to win in tthey future and continue to drive strong earnings per share growth and shareholder value. Thank you. Operator Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.