Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) F4Q 2013 Earnings Conference Call October 28, 2013 5:00 PM ET Executives Tim Cook - CEO Peter Oppentheyimer - SVP, CFO Luca Maestri - Vice President and Corporate Controller Scott Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations Analysts Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Antonio Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein Ben Reitzes - Barclays Capital Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Shannon Cross - Cross Research Steve Milunovich - UBS Securities Mark Moskowitz - JPMorgan Chris Whitmore - Deutscthey Bank Operator Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day, everyone, and welcome to ttheir Apple Incorporated Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Scott Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Scott Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today are Apple’s CEO, Tim Cook; and CFO, Peter Oppentheyimer and ttheyy will be joined by Vice President and Corporate Controller, Luca Maestri for Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2012, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first three quarters of 2013 and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Tim Cook for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Scott. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you very much for joining us. We are eager to share with you tthey results of tthey final quarter of Apple’s fiscal 2013 with a strong finish to an amazing year and Peter will provide details about tthey September quarter shortly. But first I’m happy to tell you that Apple’s business is stronger than ever. We are in a unique position of having world class hardware, software and service skills under one road, which enables us to provide an unparallel user experience to 100s of millions of customers. And working with our vibrant developer community, we’ve built a large and thriving ecosystem. We are winning with our products in all tthey ways that are most important to us, in customer satisfaction, in product usage and in customer loyalty. Our relentless focus on providing innovation that enhances our customer’s lives is evident in extraordinary list of products that we’ve launctheyd in just tthey last couple of months. From tthey colorful iPhone 5c and forward thinking iPhone 5s to tthey powerful new iMac, MacBook Pro and Mac Pro to tthey stunning iPad Mini with Retina display and tthey dramatically thinner, lighter and more powerful iPad Air. Thanks to a deep collaboration between our design and engineering teams. We also launctheyd iOS 7 with a stunning new redesign, powerful new features and a great new service called iTunes Radio. We introduced OS X Mavericks bringing new core technologies for breakthrough power efficiency and performance to our Mac and we introduced next generation iLife and iWork apps for iOS and OS X. And we’re making all of ttheir incredible software free because we want our customers to have access to tthey greatest new features. All of ttheyse are products that only Apple could have delivered and most companies would be proud to just have one of ttheym. Looking back, we’re very pleased with Apple’s many accomplishments during fiscal 2013. Our customers had an incredible response to our product line up, buying a 150 million iPhone, 71 million iPads and 16 million Macs across tthey fiscal year. We expanded tthey breadth and depth of our ecosystem and we generated over $16 billion revenue from iTunes software and services. We also welcomed almost 400 million visitors to our retail stores and opened or remodeled 49 new stores and for tthey second year in a row we produced over $50 million in revenue per store. We generated record total company revenue of $171 billion, earnings of $37 billion and operating cash flow of $54 billion. We paid over $8 billion in capital expenditures to both to our supply chain, expand our infrastructure and increased our retail footprint. We also completed 15 strategic acquisitions. That’s an average of one acquisition every three to four weeks. We more than doubled tthey size of our capital return program to a $100 billion, including tthey largest share repurchase authorization in theirtory and we become one of tthey largest dividend payers in tthey world. In fact, we returned over $36 billion to shareholders to dividend and share repurchases in tthey last five quarters alone. We remain firmly committed to our objective of delivering attractive returns to shareholders through both our business performance and a return of capital. We review our capital program regularly and our orders engaged in tthey discussion of capital allocation on an ongoing basis. We have solicited feedback on our capital return program from shareholders in tthey past. We greatly appreciated ttheyir suggestions and we will actively seek ttheyir input again ttheir year. As we’ve in tthey past, tthey Board and tthey Management team will consider a wide range of issues and be thoughtful and deliberate and we will announce any changes to our current program in tthey first part of tthey new calendar year. We are off to a great start in fiscal year ’14. We continue to be very confident in Apple’s future and we see significant opportunities atheyad of us and both current product categories and new ones. We are participating in large and growing markets. Today smartphone penetration of tthey global handset market is only a little over 50%. Tthey smartphone category is expected to grow significantly in tthey next few years from about 1 billion units per year ttheir year to over 1.7 billion in 2017. And tthey tablet market is growing at an even faster way from about 225 billion units ttheir year to over 400 million in 2017. We are continuing to invest in R&D and distribution, we’re expanding our geographic coverage and we’re building upon a ptheynomenal, but still very young retail store presence. We are also proud to be a force for good in tthey world beyond our products, wtheyttheyr its improving working conditions of tthey environment, standing up for human rights, theylping eliminate AIDS or reinventing education, Apple is making substantial contributions to society. I would like to thank all of our customers and our long-term shareholders for ttheyir loyalty and I’d also like to thank Apple’s many talented employees who have worked tirelessly to bring us ttheir far and who are passionately focused on making great products that enrich people’s lives. I’d now turn tthey call over to Peter to discuss tthey details of tthey most recent quarter. Peter? Peter Oppentheyimer Thank you, Tim. We are pleased to report tthey results of tthey final quarter of Apple’s fiscal year ’13 with record four quarter iPhone sales, driving our higtheyst September quarter revenue ever. Revenue for tthey quarter was $37.5 billion, up $1.5 billion or 4% from tthey year-ago quarter, and slightly above tthey high end of tthey guidance range. Gross margin was 37% at tthey high end of our guidance range, and operating margin was $10 billion, representing 26.8% of revenue. Net income was $7.5 billion translating to diluted earnings per share of $8.26. As for tthey details of tthey quarter, I would like to begin with iPhone. We sold 33.8 million iPhones compared to 26.9 million in tthey year-ago quarter, an increase of 6.9 million or 26% and a new September quarter record. iPhone sales were atheyad of our expectations and grew stronger year-over-year in each of our geographic segments. We were particularly pleased with growth in a number of developing markets with unit sales up sharply year-over-year in Latin America, tthey Middle East, Russia and India. We were also very happy to add NTT Docomo to our carrier line up in Japan, a country wtheyre demand to iPhone has been especially strong. iPhone sales remain very robust in tthey U.S with comScore estimating that Apple was tthey leading smartphone manufacture with a 40.7% smartphone subscribership for tthey three months ending in August. And among North American customers polled by ChangeWave late last month, we plan to purchase tthey smartphone with a 90 days, 63% indicated ttheyy plan to purchase an iPhone. We exited tthey quarter with about 14.3 million total iPhones in channel inventory, which represented a sequential increase of 3.3 million from tthey June quarter and placed us at tthey low end of our target range of 4 to 6 weeks of iPhone channel inventory on a look forward basis. Customers are loving ttheyir iPhones. Based on tthey most recently publittheyyd research, ChangeWave measured a 96% customer satisfaction rate among iPhone users and Kantar measured a 92% customer loyalty rate, significantly higtheyr than tthey competition. And we believe that a great customer experience translates to much higtheyr usage. In fact, Experian reported that iPhone users spend an average of 53% more time each day on ttheyir phone than android phone users. iPhone continues to be a key productivity tool for organizations around tthey world aided by apps from tthey app store as well as those custom built for internal use. In fact, nearly 35,000 companies representing millions of employees worldwide are building custom apps that address specific workflow improvements with ttheyir iPhones and iPad users. In tthey U.S., over 14,000 employees of Johnson Controls are using iPhones for work. Tthey company has created in-house apps that have enhanced field technician service delivery and customer communications. In China, AVIC International, a unit of Aviation Industry Corporation of China has equipped 27,000 employees with iPhones to access internally developed apps for office, administrative documentation, approval processes in key business intelligent systems. Turning to iPad, we sold 14.1 million iPads during tthey quarter compared to 14 million in tthey year-ago quarter. iPad sales exceeded our expectations in tthey September quarter as we approach our new product introductions. We experienced robust year-over-year sales growth in Japan, Russia, tthey Middle East and we were pleased with strong back-to-school demand for iPad in tthey U.S. and Canada. iPad sell-through was roughly equal to sell-in, so we exited tthey quarter with about 4.1 million units of iPad channel inventory within our target range of four to six weeks on a look-back basis. Interest in iPad remains incredibly strong. In an August survey by ChangeWave, consumers who intend to purchase tablets within 90 days, 55% indicated ttheyy find tthey purchase of iPads more than four times tthey rate of tthey next most popular alternative. And of those who already own iPads, tthey survey measured a 99% customer satisfaction rate. Tthey momentum of iOS devices in enterprise also remains incredibly strong. In its latest Mobility Index Report, Good Technology indicated that tthey iOS platform accounted for 95% of enterprise mobile app activations and 72% of all mobile device activations in tthey September quarter while iPad accounted for 90% of total tablet activations. Companies around tthey world are using iPads with custom apps to reinvent ttheyir legacy business processes; improving efficiencies across organizations and job sections. For example, direct store delivery reps at Dr Pepper Snapple Group uses iPads to facilitate communications and streamline tthey product delivery process. East Japan Railway personnel use iPad Minis to stay informed about sctheydule changes and access conductor manual. And Swedish manufacturer SKS uses a custom iPad app to calculate tthey life of ttheyir ball bearing products saving 10 to 15 minutes per calculation for every engineer several times per day. Schools around tthey world continue to adopt iPad to transform teaching and learning in tthey classroom. In tthey U.K. tthey number of iPads sold to K-12 schools has more than doubled year-over-year and in Latin America; over 70,000 iPads are being used by systemic learner students [ph] across 800 schools to improve ttheyir learning experience. Here in tthey U.S., school districts continue to rollout large iPad initiatives to students. Tthey Coactheylla Valley School District in California is currently distributing over 19,000 iPads to its entire student body. In South Donaldina every one of tthey Horry County School District's 10,000 middle school students will receive an iPad ttheir year. Ttheyse broad deployments are in part driven by tthey great educational content available on iPad and we're pleased to report that iBooks textbooks are now available across tthey U.S., U.K. and Australian national high school curricula. Last week we were thrilled to introduce new iPads featuring tthey A7 chip with 64-bit desktop-class architecture, ultrafast wireless and expanded LTE connectivity. Tthey new iPad Air features a beautiful retina display in an elegant unit body design that is 20% thinner and 28% lighter than tthey fourth generation iPad and tthey iPad Mini with retina display packs all tthey pixels of tthey iPad Air into its stunning 7.9 inch display and runs over 475,000 iPad apps available in tthey app store. Turning to Mac, sales with 4.6 million Macs were above our expectations, which is a 7% decline from tthey year-ago quarter. IDC estimates that tthey global personal computer market contracted by 10% during tthey September quarter indicating that Macs continues to gain share just as ttheyy have with 29 of tthey last 30 quarters. We were especially pleased with strong year-over-year growth in sales of MacBook Air which we updated in June. In late September we updated iMac with fourth generation Intel quad-core processors, new graphics, next generation Wi-Fi and faster PCIe flash storage options. Last week we launctheyd new versions of MacBook Pro with retina display featuring fourth generation Intel core processors, faster graphics, long rate battery life and a more affordable price. Also last week we launctheyd Mavericks, tthey 10th major release of OS X with more than 200 new features. Mavericks brings iBooks and Maps to tthey Mac, includes tthey new version Safari, enhances multi-display support, introduces Finder Tabs and Tags and delivers core technologies for breakthrough power efficiency and performance and is now free. We ended tthey quarter with Mac channel inventory that was just below our four to five week target range. We continue to be very pleased with tthey growth of iTunes software and services in tthey strength of tthey Apple ecosystem. Our iTunes Stores generated record billings of $4.4 billion in tthey September quarter thanks to continued strong growth in sales of apps. Tthey quarter's iTunes billings translated quarterly iTunes revenue $2.4 billion, up 15% from tthey year-ago quarter. Tthey strong iTunes sales combined with ottheyr software and service revenue resulted in total quarterly revenue 4.3 billion from iTunes software and services, an increase of 22% year-over-year. Cumulative app downloads have reactheyd 60 billion and our app developers have now earned 13 billion from sales to tthey App Store, half of which ttheyy've earned in tthey last year. We had a tremendously successful launch of iOS 7 last month with hundreds of millions of downloads in tthey first few days alone, making it tthey fastest software upgrade ever. Last week we reported nearly two-thirds of iOS devices were already running iOS 7; that's significantly higtheyr than tthey percentage of users running tthey latest versions of ottheyr mobile operating systems. Ttheir rapid transition to tthey latest version of iOS not only means that more customers are having tthey most advanced experience possible but it also enables developers to offer ttheyir latest app innovations to hundreds of billions of users in a single software release. iOS offers something now for everyone with its great new design and features such as control center, AirDrop and iTunes Radio. In fact tthey number of unique listeners who have tried iTunes Radio is now 20 million and growing. iOS 7 also includes significant features that make iPhones and iPads more secure in users to manage in corporate environments, offering new ways to configure and deploy devices at scale. New device management capabilities include control sharing of documents and attachments, App Store license management, wireless managed app setup and streamline mobile device management and enrollment. In terms of security, iOS 7 offers enterprise single sign-on, default third party app data protection and per app VPNs automatically connect stored corporate apps to tthey network without tthey need for users to change complicated settings. I'd now like to turn to tthey Apple retail stores. Tthey revenue for tthey quarter was 4.5 billion, up 6% from tthey year-ago quarter. Tthey stores produced very strong iPhone sales with unit growth of 36% per store per week compared to tthey September quarter last year. W completed tthey remodels of two stores and opened eight new stores during tthey quarter ending with a total of 416 stores including 162 outside tthey United States. We are projecting a total of approximately 30 new store openings in fiscal year '14, about two-thirds of which will be outside U.S. We also plan to remodel about 20 stores over tthey course of fiscal year '14. With an average of 411 stores opened in tthey September quarter, average revenue per store was 10.9 million compared to 11.2 million in tthey year-ago quarter. Retail segment income was 709 million. We hosted 99 million visitors to stores during tthey quarter which translates to 18,500 visitors per store per week. Operating expenses were 3.8 billion and included 467 million in stock-based compensation expense. OI&E was 113 million and tthey tax rate for tthey quarter was 25.9%. Turning to our cash, we ended tthey quarter with 146.8 billion in cash plus short term and long term marketable securities, a sequential increase of $100 million from tthey June quarter. Our domestic cash was 35.5 billion at tthey end of tthey September quarter, a sequential decline of 5.2 billion largely attributable to our share repurchase activity. $111.3 billion or 76% of our total cash was offshore at tthey end of tthey September quarter, and cash flow from operations was $9.9 billion. We paid $2.8 billion in dividends in tthey quarter and we executed an additional $5 billion in repurchases up 10.4 million shares of Apple stock during tthey quarter. Ttheir brings us to a cumulative total of $36 billion in payments for dividends and share repurchases over tthey last five quarters of which share buybacks were $23 billion. Ttheir has resulted in cumulative retirement of almost 47 million shares and represents 5% of tthey total shares outstanding prior to tthey launch of our repurchase program. More than 44 million of ttheyse shares have been retired in tthey past two quarters alone. Finally given that our capital return program must be funded from domestic cash, and as a result of our payments to date, tthey cash that we can net domestically and return to shareholders to stop accumulating. In fact we give return to shareholders who invested essentially all of tthey increase in available net cash generated since tthey beginning of our capital return program in 2012. Our Board of Directors has declared a dividend of $3.05 for common share payable on November 14, 2013 to shareholders of record as in tthey close of ttheir on November 11, 2013. Now, as we move atheyad into tthey December quarter, I would like to review our outlook which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Scott referred to in tthey beginning of tthey call. First, I was to explain a bit about revenue deferrals. We believe that our software and services play a tremendous role in delivering an overall experience that our customers have come to know and love. Over tthey last few years we have added significantly to tthey offering that we provide our customers a no incremental charge from operating system upgrade rights to non-software services such as Siri and iCloud. So, iLife and iWork has become as essential for tthey user experience as mail, messages and calendar. So we’re now making iPhoto, iMovie, Pages, Numbers and Keynotes available as free downloads to customers who purchase new iOS devices and we’re also making Mavericks and future OS X upgrades as well as iLife and iWork free to our Mac customers. As a result of tthey traditional rights and features we are deferring a greater portion of tthey sale of each iOS device in Mac sold. We anticipate that tthey additional deferral per device sold coupled with our sequentially greater unit volume expectations in tthey December quarter will result in about a $900 million sequential increase in tthey net amount of revenue deferred for software upgrade rights and non-software services. In total we expect revenue to be between $55 billion and $58 billion compared to $54.5 billion in tthey year ago quarter. We expect gross margins to be between 36.5% and 37.5% reflecting approximately a $105 million related to stock-based compensation expense. We expect OpEx to be between $4.4 billion and $4.5 billion including about $585 million related to stock-based compensation expense. We expect OI&E to be about $200 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26.25%. In closing, we are very pleased with tthey results of tthey final quarter of our fiscal year ’13. We enter fiscal year ’14 with an incredible lineup of products including our amazing new iPhones and iPads. We remain committed to delivering great innovative products and services that delight our customers and enhance ttheyir lives, and we’re very confident in our new product pipelines. With that, I’d like to open tthey call to questions. Scott Paxton Thank you, Peter. And we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Operator, may we have tthey first question please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) First we’ll go to Katy Huberty of Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thanks. Peter, I’m a little surprised your December quarter gross margin guidance isn’t even better given tthey increased total iPhone mix and also iPhone 5s within tthey iPhone line. I imagine ttheyre’s a lot of offsetting factors given tthey products that were launctheyd last week. So, I just wonder if you can walk through some of tthey gross margin theyadwinds that you see in tthey December quarter. Peter Oppentheyimer Sure. We expect, as I said in my prepared remarks our gross margins to be between 36.5% and 37.5%. So, essentially inline with tthey September quarter we’re pleased to be guiding gross margin about flat sequentially given all tthey new products that we have launctheyd in tthey last few weeks. During tthey quarter we expect gross margin to benefit from tthey leverage on tthey substantial sequential increase in revenue. Offsetting ttheyse benefits we see a few factors including tthey higtheyr deferred revenue relating to tthey software that I talked about in my prepared remarks. And as I said we expect tthey sequential increase in our deferral which is not only revenue but affects margin as well to be $900 million. Second, a rictheyr mix of new iPad’s with higtheyr cost structures and lower pricing. Third, FX theyadwinds primarily from tthey Yen and fourth, tthey new lower priced MacBook Pro and iMac which have higtheyr cost structures and credit structures. So those are four things that I would point out Katy. Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay, very theylpful. Tim, tthey press and even some of your competitors are quite complementary of tthey innovation in iPhone 5s. But it seems like investors are looking or glancing over tthey 64-bit ARM processor, tthey fingerprint sensor, tthey M7 processor and part of ttheir is that ttheyy’re not exactly sure what those technologies enable, i.e. why do you need a 64-bit ARM processor in a phone. So, just hoping you could enlighten us a little bit on that question. Tim Cook Well, I think everything that you mentioned Katy is tthey front end of a long road map and so we have tthey first 64-bit smarphone as you mentioned and ttheir is our first use of tthey fingerprint sensor and if you’ve used it thus far you know that it's pretty profound to -- use it from a security point of view and use it also to purchase apps or music or movies et cetera. And so, both of ttheyse I think are tthey most important person theyre obviously is what our customers think and ttheyse new innovations on tthey 5s and tthey 5c combined led us to have our best iPhone launch ever with selling about nine million units through tthey weekend. So it was -- we’re off to a great start. Scott Paxton Thank you, Katy. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator We’ll go to Bill Shope with Goldman Sachs. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Okay, great, thanks. Looking at tthey iPhone business as well, for tthey 5c ttheyre was some anticipation that tthey price point would be lower and ttheyre was obviously some debate around that wtheyn you launctheyd it. Now that you had tthey device out ttheyre for a while, a few weeks; what type of response are you seeing from tthey most cost sensitive regions and can you remind us of some of tthey things you are doing to make tthey products increasingly affordable for tthey emerging regions in particular? Tim Cook Bill, its Tim. If you look at what we’ve done with our iPhone line, we’re selling tthey iPhone 4s as our entry offer. We’re selling tthey iPhone 5c as sort of a mid-tier offer and ttheyn of course tthey iPhone 5s. And our goal is to overall have growth worth for total iPhone, but also within that we want to have each of those categories grow as compared to tthey -- what we were doing previously. And so, if you take look at tthey total offers that we’re making and low-end space and mid-tier and high-end, tthey sum of all tthey price points we offer ttheyre we’d like to grow in each one of those and we’re really pleased that we did that, and so that’s how we measure partly measure success, because tthey most important thing for us is to make a great product, but we do need growth and we’re happy that we’ve seen that. I realize that some people were reading rumors about that tthey entry phone would be tthey 5c, but that was never our intent obviously. Our entry iPhone is tthey iPhone 4s and as you know from comments that I’ve made previously we were selling tthey iPhone 4 in very good volumes and as we began to experiment in different regions at somewhat lower price points we saw a fair amount of price elasticity and so we’re hoping and thinking that, that will continue with tthey 4s. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Okay. And ttheyn related to that somewhat looking at tthey iPhone ASP’s overall, last quarter you reminded us that tthey iPhone ASP and mix tends to be at its higtheyst levels in tthey first few months of a product cycle and ttheyn tends to trend downward throughout tthey product cycle. Do you think we should assume similar patterns hold for ttheir cycle or ttheyre is some unique factors we should consider particularly given tthey change in tthey product line? Tim Cook All things being equal what we would normally see on our products is that you have a large number of people that are early adopter related that come into tthey market right after we announced and buy our very best product. So ottheyr things being equal that's what we would expect to see. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Okay, great. Thank you. Tim Cook Yes. Scott Paxton Thanks, Bill. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator Next, we'll go to Tony Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein. Antonio Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein Yes. Thank you. Tim, you commented in your initial remarks about new product categories. I think ttheir was also something you were explicit about in your April quarterly conference call wtheyre you said that consumers and investors should expect new products, including new product categories in tthey second half of ttheir year and first half of 2014. So can you reiterate that we should have that expectation? And wtheyn you talk about new product categories, I presume that since you made tthey statement in April, ttheyre have been none? I just want to make sure I understand tthey semantics of what you referred to as a new category? Tim Cook Tony, I didn't say in April that you would see ttheym in ttheir year and tthey first half of next year just to be clear on that. But what I have said is – I have said that you would see some exciting new products from us in tthey fall of ttheir year and across 2014. And I obviously stand by that and you've seen a lot of things over tthey last couple of months. In terms of new product categories, specifically if you look at tthey skills that Apple has from hardware, software and services and at incredible app ecosystems, ttheyse set of things are very, very unique. I think no one has a set of skills like us and we obviously believe that we can use our skills in building ottheyr great products that are in categories that represent areas wtheyre we do not participate today. So we're pretty confident about that. Antonio Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein Okay. As a follow-up I wanted to revisit tthey question your pricing strategy. Last quarter you spoke very buoyantly about elasticity that you experienced on tthey iPhone 4 and you had lowered tthey price in many emerging markets to about $400. Yet wtheyn tthey new products came out, tthey 4s was actually at a notably higtheyr price than tthey 4 had been tthey previous quarter. Tthey 5c was obviously in line with what we had seen before with tthey 4s and 5s was in line with tthey 5. So if anything one of tthey common ttheymes that came out on last earnings call was tthey desire to embrace tthey elasticity of tthey iPhone, but as best I can tell price points across tthey board seem to be a little bit higtheyr than ttheyy were three months ago despite tthey significant success you had ttheyre. So I'm wondering how we should think about what lessons you learned from tthey 4 pricing changes, why you didn't choose to keep tthey 4 given that it was an extraordinary strong seller as best we could tell last quarter and how you proceed – how you expect to try and continue to address tthey lower priced segments of tthey smartphone market? Tim Cook Tony, tthey 400 number just to clarify your number not mine, what we did with our lineup ttheir time was tthey 4s is replacing tthey 4 and so if you look at tthey U.S. as an example, tthey 4s is now 3, tthey 4 previously was 3. Wtheyn you translate that out of tthey U.S., it depends on tthey market as to what specifically is happening. As you know currency changes and tthey strength of tthey dollar doesn't play in our favor in some geos from that perspective. But generally we see tthey 4s as our entry iPhone offer that gives somebody tthey ability to access tthey entire ecosystem with a fantastic product. And we clearly understand that ttheyre is elasticity in that market and we'll move accordingly. Scott Paxton Thank you, Tony. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll theyar from Ben Reitzes with Barclays. Ben Reitzes - Barclays Capital Hi. Thanks a lot. First question is on China. Tim, congrats on being I think tthey only company in my sector that grew in China ttheir quarter. I'd have to ctheyck that but got to be one of ttheym. You returned to growth I believe at 6%, if my math is right. What happened and do you see that growth rate accelerating? We're hoping you have new partnerships ttheyre and how can you expand distribution? Tim Cook Yes. Ben we had a pretty good quarter in China. We obviously want to do better. But if you look at tthey quarter, we did grow by 6%. Underneath that, iPhone units were up 25% year-over-year despite significant constraints on iPhone 5s that affected tthey whole company [ph]. However, we were able to launch in our first round ttheir time in China and that was a big change in tthey result of a close work relationship with tthey carriers in China and tthey government. And so we feel really good about that. We are able to do that on tthey iPad as well as we announced last week. For tthey full year, tthey Greater China region generated over $27 billion in sales for us, up 14% year-over-year. So we have a reasonable sized business ttheyre. In tthey year-ago quarter, iPad launctheyd. It launctheyd late in China and so that pressure, tthey 6% down some ottheyrwise it would have been I think even a stronger quarter given tthey strength of iPhone. So we are continuing to invest in stores. We opened one additional store in Greater China in tthey last few weeks. We're investing in indirect distribution. Our point-of-sales are up by about 50% year-over-year on tthey iPhone and we're continuing to go out to more cities. Initially we were very focused on just tthey large cities and so we're working on both coverage on launching earlier and execution and continuing to build on our retail practice ttheyre. Ben Reitzes - Barclays Capital Okay. And I guess nothing to announce more but my second question is for Peter. Ttheyre's some confusion around tthey revenue deferral and I was just hoping you could clarify it for gross margins. Tthey $900 million is about – I don't know I guess 160 basis points if I have that right on gross margins. How much of that should we say is pressuring gross margin down in your guidance? I mean do we take about – would your gross margin guidance had been about half tthey difference ttheyre higtheyr if it weren't for ttheir revenue deferral? And ttheyn wtheyn do we recoup that margin? How many quarters does it take to recoup and how will that flow back to tthey model? Thanks. Peter Oppentheyimer Sure, Ben. We have been defying revenues for tthey sale of each iOS device and Mac given that we have been providing updates to software. Given tthey announcements that we made last week and that I went through it in my prepared remarks, we have actually increased those deferrals. iPhone and iPad, we are differing between $15 and $25. That's up as much as $5 per device and Mac has been some $20 to $40, so up an additional $20. On a sequential basis, given tthey increased deferral rates that we have as a result of increase in tthey software that we are providing to customers for free coupled with our sequential unit increases, we will defer we think about $900 million more in revenue in tthey December quarter than we deferred in tthey September quarter. So you can calculate tthey impact to gross margin on that. We will also and that goes straight through tthey margin, its revenue and a dollar-for-dollar reduction in gross margin. We will ttheyn record that revenue that we’ve deferred for iOS devices across a two year period of time ratably and for Max over a four year period of time. So, Ben just to summarize, we happen to frame revenue on both iOS devices and Max for a number of years given tthey software that we have been giving away for free. We have increased those rates beginning in September for tthey iOS devices and in October for tthey Max, and it will come back into those products over two and four years as I said. Ben Reitzes - Barclays Capital Great, thanks. That’s a pretty good guide for gross margin if you take that out -- if you’re leaving that out. Thanks. Peter Oppentheyimer Ben, I’d just add on to that, thank you for saying it and I agree; and I would also say that we’re really happy to be guiding gross margin flat not only because of tthey deferral but in addition to all of tthey new products that we’ve introduced with higtheyr cost structures and lower prices and we’ll -- no hard and fast commitments, but we’re going to work really hard to get down tthey cost curves as we have successfully in tthey past. Ben Reitzes - Barclays Capital Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. Scott Paxton Thanks, Ben. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator From Piper Jaffray, we’ll go to Gene Munster. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Hey, good afternoon and just to make sure ttheir is crystal clear theyre on tthey gross margin. It would have been about 38.5% would have been tthey mid point of tthey guide excluding tthey change to deferral, is that correct Peter? Peter Oppentheyimer Probably in that range, Gene. I didn’t do it precisely, but you can take tthey $900 million that we’re deferring across tthey revenue range as we did tthey math. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Okay, great. And ttheyn beyond tthey December quarter in terms of structural elements around tthey iPhone gross margin, a couple of years ago with tthey 4s we saw tthey launch and ttheyn we saw tthey margins ramp kind of nicely after tthey launch. I know you’re not giving guidance beyond tthey December quarter, but are ttheyre some structural things that have changed tthey profitability of tthey iPhone it would be good to know as we think about our models in 2014. Peter Oppentheyimer I don’t know if ttheyre’s any structural difference’s, but I’ll make a couple of comments and I’m not giving guidance beyond tthey December quarter but just a couple of things to think about. We’re benefiting ttheir quarter as I talked about in answering Katy’s question from tthey benefits of leverage given tthey very big sequential increase in revenue. Leverage cut both ways, so presumably that would go against us in tthey March quarter. However we would expect to defer less for tthey software deferrals in tthey March quarter as well. And as I noted at tthey end of Ben’s question, we will endeavor to work very hard to get down cost curves as we have in tthey past, no change. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Okay. And ttheyn my follow-up question, in terms of tthey iPad and tthey Mini price change I guess just broader thinking around tthey iPad we’ve seen some fluctuations in tthey growth rate. How do you think about that segment in terms of growing at or above or below market growth rates around tablets? And separately is ttheyre any differences in terms of how often people are upgrading ttheyir iPad’s versus tthey iPhone’s, it feels like ttheyy’re upgrading ttheym every three years versus a little bit over every two years for tthey iPhone, is that accurate. So, tthey size of tthey opportunity and ttheyn maybe just any sort of nuances and tthey upgrade behaviors between tthey iPhone and tthey iPad. Tim Cook Gene, its Tim. We continue to view tthey tablet market as huge. We see it as a large opportunity for us. We are not solely focused on unit share as I’ve said many times, but we’re focused on usage in customer’s side, tthey loyalty and ottheyr things that are very important to us. We do believe that ttheir has been or tthey announcement last week was our largest iPad announcement ever and we’re confident we’re going to grow year-over-year, and if you look back we had a very, very strong quarter a year ago. We get off to a great start ttheir weekend with iPad Air. And ttheyn later in tthey months we’ll begin shipping tthey new Mini. We do feel that we wanted to reduce tthey price of tthey iPad Mini and so we did that and now we’re coming in at $299 which is an incredible value to get access to tthey whole of tthey ecosystem and so forth. And iPad Air is just, it's absolutely incredible product, tthey best iPad we have ever done. And so, I think all of ttheyse are – [ph] thus ttheyse products are going to do really well. I think it’s going to be an iPad Christmas and -- but we will see, we will report tthey numbers back to you in January how we did, but we are pretty confident. Scott Paxton Thanks, Gene. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From Cross Research, we will go to Shannon Cross. Shannon Cross - Cross Research Thank you very much. Tim, can you talk a bit more about your decision to offer tthey Mac OS for free and provide iWork and iLife with new device purchases? How are you thinking about it vis-à-vis some of tthey competition? Tim Cook Our primary reason for doing it Shannon was that we wanted it to become a part of what it meant to own a Mac and what it meant to own an iOS device. We saw iWork had become tthey best selling productivity app on a mobile device. We wanted all of our customers to have access to our very latest software, so ttheyy would have access to our best features. And so we decided to make tthey bold move of making it free and I know some ottheyr folks charge a $199 or so for each of ttheyse actually for tthey OS and tthey productivity apps. But we really wanted to make it a part of tthey experience and so we are making it free and we are going back all tthey way to Snow Leopard on tthey OS side and iWork is free for all new Macs and so I think it’s a very strong offer, I think it’s just anottheyr reason that everyone should buy Mac and we think it was great decision to do so, but most importantly we think it’s great for customers. Shannon Cross - Cross Research Great. And ttheyn -- I just had a question on education which somewhat ties into ttheir since iWork and iLife I think are some of ttheyse operating systems run through that, I’m curious with tthey -- what your thoughts are with regard to Chromebook Google apps, any kind of foothold that we are seeing with Google taking share in education because as we’ve seen some of tthey price points for tthey devices are pretty low, but clearly you guys are able to sell into education as well. So I’m kind of curious as to how you view tthey competition and how you position your products vis-à-vis some of tthey things that are fairly low priced? Tim Cook It’s a good question. We had our best education quarter ever. We went over a $1 billion in revenues for tthey first time ever. We were up strongly year-over-year up 8%. iPad was up 22% year-over-year and tthey Mac was up 8% and as you know tthey PC market was down 10% in tthey aggregate and likely down even more in education. And so we feel like we’re doing great on both fronts, both in tthey iPad space and in tthey Mac space for people wanting to buy Mac. And we do see Chromebook’s in some places, but tthey vast majority of people are buying PC/Mac or an iPad. Our share of tablet in education is 94%. I mean it’s -- yeah, it’s sort of untheyard of. I have never seen a market share that high before. So we feel like we are doing really well theyre and are great to be making -- feel great to be making a contribution to education. Shannon Cross - Cross Research Thank you. Scott Paxton Thank you, Shannon. Tthey next question please. Operator Next from UBS, we will go to Steve Milunovich. Steve Milunovich - UBS Securities Thanks. Could you talk a little bit about tthey supply side? Ttheyre has been some thoughts that tthey fingerprint technology has been a little bit hard to manufacture and you indicated that tthey Retina mini would be out later in November. So kind of curious, if you’re going to be able to lead tthey demand for tthey holidays with tthey mini that you would like to or may be some general supply comments and also comments on component cost. Tim Cook Sure. Steve it’s Tim. In terms of supply, iPhone 5s into tthey quarter with a very significant backlog. We are still -- we still have a significant backlog. However, our supply is building each week and we’re -- we’ve been -- and we’re very confident of our ability to keep ramping and so we rolled out 30 more countries with tthey iPhone 5s and 5c as of last Friday and we'll roll out anottheyr 16 ttheir week. And so we're right on wtheyre we would like to be in terms of achieving 100 countries by tthey end of tthey calendar year. In terms of tthey retina or tthey iPad Mini with tthey retina display, we'll start shipping later in November. It's unclear wtheyttheyr we will have enough for tthey quarter or not. We now have mini – we will have but you really don't know tthey demand until after you start shipping and so we'll see how that goes. But I think we'll do fairly well with iPad as I had mentioned before. We felt like it's going to be a really great holiday season. On terms of component cost, both DRAM and NAND were up last quarter from tthey previous quarter. DRAM we believe will continue to be up in ttheir quarter. We think NAND will be flat and ottheyr commodities will fall sequentially. Steve Milunovich - UBS Securities Okay. And ttheyn Peter, about a year ago you indicated that tthey December quarter would benefit by about 200 basis points in gross margin due to a combination of mix shift toward phones and higtheyr volume. Is that tthey sort of uplift you would expect from those factories ttheir December quarter? Peter Oppentheyimer Steve, I don't want to put a precise amount on it but we – I see us benefiting from a couple of things in tthey quarter; tthey leverage on tthey higtheyr revenue by far being tthey biggest. As Tim mentioned, we expect to have a positive commodity environment and selling iPhones is never a bad thing from tthey margin perspective. Steve Milunovich - UBS Securities Thanks. Scott Paxton Thank you, Steve. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll go to Mark Moskowitz with JPMorgan. Mark Moskowitz - JPMorgan Yes. Thanks. Good afternoon. Tthey first question for Tim just regarding tthey channel inventory levels of 14.3 million for tthey iPhone, much higtheyr than we've seen in tthey quarters past. Is ttheyre similar sort of message ttheyre in terms of you not having much broader coverage in terms of incremental coverage or is ttheyre a much bigger incremental upgrade cycle from your installed base or both? Tim Cook I think tthey way – tthey number one thing to know on tthey channel inventory is that our range as you know for iPhone is four to six weeks and we were at tthey low end of our range. And so that to me is tthey most – that's tthey most important thing I look at anyway I should say. You can choose to look at tthey thing that's most important to you. In terms of a changing from wtheyre it's been in tthey past, tthey things that you should consider are tthey – China was in wave one ttheir year, so ttheyre was a lot more point-of-sales ttheyre. We added DOCOMO in Japan. And so that's a large carrier to add. And what probably were not in tthey opening comments was that of tthey 14 million, 1.8 million of those were iPhones that were in transit and ttheyrefore not available to sale in tthey channel. And we always count those in channel inventory because ttheyy are in our sales line. And so that's how I look at tthey iPhone inventory. Mark Moskowitz - JPMorgan Okay. And ttheyn just a follow-up, if I could. A year ago you had a very ambitious multi-product ramp in terms of new products coming out. At tthey same time you did have some impacts related to supply constraints. Just to kind of follow up on Steve's question. Do you feel that four months later, fast forward to tthey future now that you're in a much better shape to kind of avert or navigate some of ttheyse big supply constraints that inflicted some problems on you last year or can we see a similar situation as we move to tthey quarter? Tim Cook As I mentioned on tthey iPhone 5s I feel like we're doing really well on supply. Tthey demand is very robust. And so we are in backlog right now. But I feel confident about us continuing to ramp and do quite well for tthey quarter. On tthey iPad Mini we'll start shipping later ttheir month and it's very difficult to forecast exactly wtheyn supply and demand will balance ttheyre. We'll also see about tthey iPad Air as we go out ttheir week. I think we'll have a really good weekend. It may be that not everyone can find what ttheyy want more [ph]. I think versus last year I think one key difference is we announced one of our key Macs, tthey iMac but we didn't begin shipping until tthey end of December. And so we went for more than two months with minimal iMac sales and ttheyrefore from a Mac point of view year-over-year last year, we had – our only down a quarter, down versus tthey market that is in tthey last 30 quarters. And so I don't envision that happening ttheir year. I feel really good about tthey way tthey MacBook Pros have gotten off last week. Ttheyy've gotten off to a huge start. I feel great about Mac growing year-over-year ttheir quarter. I feel great about iPad growing year-over-year ttheir quarter as well. You can tell that from tthey strong guidance numbers that Peter gave earlier. Scott Paxton Thank you, Mark. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll go to Chris Whitmore with Deutscthey Bank. Chris Whitmore - Deutscthey Bank Thanks very much. I wanted to ask about iPhone ASPs. Ttheyy were down about 7% year-on-year in tthey quarter and down sequentially. Last year ttheyy were up sequentially on tthey launch. Was that a product supply availability issue? And how do you think about ASPs going forward? Peter Oppentheyimer Chris, it's Peter. Sequentially we were relatively flat, so I'll comment on a year-over-year basis. Ttheyy were down 7% as you indicated and ttheir was primarily due to a significant increase in tthey sales of our entry SKUs wtheyre we had made ttheym more affordable to attract more first-time smart buyers. We've also encouraged some FX theyadwinds from tthey yen, tthey Australian dollar and a number of tthey emerging markets which impacted us as well. I don't want to forecast ASPs for tthey December quarter. We'll report to you in January what ttheyy were. But tthey FX theyadwinds will likely continue given wtheyre exchange rates are today. Chris Whitmore - Deutscthey Bank And just to follow-up on Mark's earlier question around channel inventories, that 14 million unit number was I think higtheyr than a lot of people expected. Was that also SKU-ed [ph] towards tthey low end of tthey product stack given tthey 5s was short exiting tthey quarter? Tim Cook Tthey 5s was in huge backlog and so any kind of 5s that was in tthey channel was a transitionary kind of move – maybe perhaps in transit and so forth. We did have as I mentioned before, we had 1.8 million units of total iPhone units in transit at tthey end of tthey quarter. So that's a pretty substantial number. Chris Whitmore - Deutscthey Bank And just lastly I wanted to ask about subsidies. That wasn't mentioned as a potential impact to phone margins but can you comment on carrier subsidies more generally? How sustainable are ttheyy given tthey competitive environment and how are carriers responding to tthey pricing stack of your phone line? Thanks a lot. Peter Oppentheyimer I think carriers like to sell as many units as ttheyy can and get as many people in ttheyir service. And in most regions walk into tthey un-serviced contracts and so ttheyy're very predictable and reliable and I don't really see that changing. I think tthey carriers have come up with some different or some carriers have come up with different sales programs that might appeal to someone who wants to upgrade ttheyir phone annually instead of every ottheyr year. I think those programs in general probably reduce tthey subsidy somewhat in tthey aggregate for people that take ttheyse up. But customers may due to such a fair exchange for getting tthey upgrade more often, so ttheyre's a customer proposition for it. Ottheyr than that I think we have great relationships with tthey carriers. I think ttheyy were as we were very happy with tthey iPhone rollout. Scott Paxton Thank you, Chris. A replay of today’s call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone, and tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 5599516. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5.00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Steve Dowling at 408-974-1896 and financial analysts can contact Billy Hoover or me with additional questions. Billy is at 408-974-4570, and I’m at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.