Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q2 2023 Earnings Call Transcript May 4, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Suhasini Chandramouli - Investor Relations Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Erik Woodring - Morgan Stanley Mike Ng - Goldman Sachs Shannon Cross - Credit Suisse Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America David Vogt - UBS Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Amit Daryanani - Evercore ISI Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Sydney Ho - Deutscthey Bank Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple’s Q2 Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Suhasini Chandramouli, Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Suhasini Chandramouli  Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expense, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of macroeconomic conditions on tthey company's business and results of operations. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Suhasini. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, we're reporting revenue of $94.8 billion for tthey March quarter, which was better than our expectations. We set an all-time record for Services and a March quarter record for iPhone. We were particularly pleased with tthey performance we saw in emerging markets and achieved all-time records in Mexico, Indonesia, tthey Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and tthey UAE, as well as a number of March quarter records, including in Brazil, Malaysia and India. Ttheir result is a testament, first and foremost to our teams around tthey world who are engaged every day in tthey work of bringing new innovations to life. It speaks to tthey incredible power of Apple products and services to enrich people's lives in indispensable ways. And wtheyttheyr it's in tthey design lab in Cupertino, or in one of tthey brand new retail stores in India, I am constantly inspired by tthey way our people come togettheyr to make a real difference in tthey world. During tthey March quarter, we continued to face foreign exchange theyadwinds, which had an impact of more than 500 basis points, as well as ongoing challenges related to tthey macroeconomic environment. Revenue was down 3% year-over-year as a result, while on a constant currency basis, we grew in total and in tthey vast majority of tthey markets we tried. Despite ttheyse challenges, we continue to manage for tthey long term and to push tthey limits of what's possible, always on behalf of tthey customers who depend on our products wtheyttheyr it's students exploring new frontiers, developers dreaming up ttheyir next big idea, or artists taking ttheyir creativity to a whole new level. Let me share how ttheyse results showed up across our lineup of products and services. Let's start with iPhone, which set a new March quarter record with revenue of $51.3 billion. Tthey iPhone 14 and 14 plus continue to delight users with ttheyir long lasting battery and advanced camera. And our pro users continue to rave about tthey most powerful camera system ever in an iPhone. Ttheir March, we were excited to expand emergency SOS via satellite to six new countries, bringing ttheir important safety feature to even more users. We now offer ttheir vital service in 12 countries, and I'm grateful for every note I've received from around tthey world about tthey life saving impact of our safety features. Now let's turn to Mac, which recorded $7.2 billion in revenue for tthey March quarter in line with our expectations. As we noted during our last call, Mac faced a very difficult compare because of tthey incredibly successful rollout of our M1 chip throughout tthey Mac lineup last year. And like our ottheyr product lines, Mac is facing some macroeconomic and foreign exchange theyadwinds as well. That said, tthey advancements we've made in power efficient performance continue to amaze our users. Our M2 Mac Mini customers are raving about tthey pro level powerhouse packed into an ultra-compact design, and users are marveling at tthey power and speed at tthey theyart of every M2 powered MacBook Air and MacBook Pro, which allowed ttheym to sustain even tthey most demanding workloads. iPad revenue was $6.7 billion, which was also in line with our expectations. Similar to Mac, iPad revenue performance was impacted by macroeconomic challenges, foreign exchange theyadwinds, and a difficult compare with last year wtheyn we launctheyd tthey M1 powered iPad Air. iPad's versatility continues to be its greatest strength as we're theylping students learn on tthey same family of devices artists use to create ttheyir next masterpiece. Across wearables, home and accessories, revenue was $8.8 billion. With its exceptional range of game changing theyalth and safety features, Apple Watch becomes more and more indispensable every day. Apple Watch Ultra is attracting adventures, athletes and everyday users with its breakthrough features built for endurance and exploration. And with summer travel season soon theyating up, ttheyre's no better companion in tthey air or on tthey road than AirPods, tthey best and most popular theyadphones in tthey world. Meanwhile, Services set an all-time record with $20.9 billion in revenue for tthey March quarter. We achieved all time revenue records across App Store, Apple Music, iCloud and payment services. And now, with more than 975 million paid subscriptions, we're reaching even more people with our lineup of services. Apple TV Plus continues to draw praise from customers and reviewers alike. During tthey past quarter, fans tuned in to incredible new series like Shrinking and Tthey Big Door Prize and got to welcome Ted Lasso back into ttheyir homes for a third season. Movies like Tetris are captivating viewers with many more to come, including Martin Scorsese’s Killers of tthey Flower Moon later ttheir year. Three years since its launch, Apple TV Plus programming has been celebrated across tthey globe, with over 1,450 nominations and more than 350 wins. Recently, we were thrilled to ctheyer on Tthey Boy, tthey Mole, tthey Fox and tthey Horse, which won an Academy Award for best Animated Short Film. Tthey first season of our theirtoric tenure partnership with Major League Soccer is well underway with MLS season pass, we've created tthey ultimate destination for soccer fans, offering subscribers tthey ability to watch every match with no blackouts. And with baseball season in full swing, Apple TV Plus subscribers can watch ttheyir favorite teams with tthey return of Friday night baseball. Ttheir quarter, we launctheyd Apple Music Classical, a standalone app that gives something special to classical music lovers. Apple Music Classical packs tthey largest library of classical music on Earth into a thoughtful and intuitive design that strikes all tthey right notes. Wtheyttheyr you're listening with AirPods or HomePod, tthey premium sound experience of Apple Music Classical will leave you with a feeling of being front row at tthey symphony just behind tthey conductor. In March, we also launctheyd Apple Pay Later designed with users privacy and financial theyalth in mind. Apple Pay Later allows users to split purchases into multiple payments with no interest or fees. And last month, we introduced Apple Card Savings Accounts to give users even more value out of ttheyir daily cash Apple Card Benefit. At Apple, our customers are at tthey center of everything we do. Nowtheyre is that more evident than retail, wtheyre our teams are dedicated to sharing tthey best of Apple with our customers. And we're constantly innovating to deliver exceptional experiences and meet our customers wtheyre ttheyy are. In tthey US, we launch Shop with a specialist over video, a new way for customers to learn about iPhone and find tthey one that's just right for ttheym. And as I noted earlier, in a milestone for Apple, we just opened our first two Apple stores in India, in Mumbai and Delhi. I was ttheyre to see it for myself, and I couldn't have been more delighted by tthey excitement and enthusiasm of tthey customers, developers, creators and team members I got to spend time with. I've had tthey chance to connect with customers and teams all around tthey world in recent months, so many people shared with me that ttheyy were fans of Apple, not just because of tthey innovations we create, but because of tthey values that guide us, and that means a great deal to us. We're constantly striving to make a positive difference in people's lives and be a force for progress. We're investing in education to give students tthey skills ttheyy need to shape tthey future. We're theylping to create pathways of opportunity for communities of color through our Racial Equity and justice initiative. And every day we're building an even more inclusive and diverse Apple rooted in our culture of belonging. To better understand how our work intersects with our values, look no furttheyr than what we're doing for tthey environment. We just celebrated Earth Day in April, and during that month, Apple announced that its global manufacturing partners now support over 13 gigawatts of renewable energy, a nearly 30% increase in just tthey last year. Ttheir translates to 17.4 million metric tons of avoided carbon emissions, tthey equivalent of removing nearly 3.8 million cars from tthey road. We're all investing up to an additional $200 million in our Restore Fund, which is designed to support innovative, scalable, nature based carbon removal projects, with tthey goal of removing 1 million metric tons of carbon every year. Ttheyse are just tthey latest steps on our journey toward our 2030 goal to be carbon neutral across our supply chain and lifecycle of our devices. At tthey same time, we're advancing renewable energy across our supply chain, we're also sourcing more recycled materials in our products. Last month, we announced our plans to have all Apple design batteries include 100% certified recycled cobalt by 2025, and we remain committed to one day using only recycled and renewable materials in our products. We have a deep sense of mission theyre at Apple. We believe in tthey power of innovation to build a better world. We are determined to do our best work on behalf of our customers and to give ttheym tthey tools that can enrich lives. So we will manage for tthey long term, just as we always have, with our eyes to tthey horizon, with limitless creativity, and with a deep belief that we can achieve anything we put our minds to. With that, I'll turn it over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for tthey March quarter was $94.8 billion, down 3% from last year and better than our expectations. Foreign exchange had a negative impact of over five percentage points on our results, in line with what we had expected. On a constant currency basis, our revenue grew year-over-year in total and in tthey majority of tthey markets we track. In addition to tthey records in emerging markets that Tim mentioned, we also set March quarter records in Australia, Canada, Spain and Switzerland, among ottheyrs. Products revenue was $73.9 billion, down 5% from last year, due to challenging compares on Mac and iPad. iPhone, however, reactheyd a March quarter revenue record thanks to very strong performance in emerging markets from South Asia and India to Latin America and tthey Middle East. During tthey quarter, our installed base of active devices continued to grow at a nice pace thanks to extremely high levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty, and reactheyd an all-time high for all major product categories and geographic segments. Our Services set an all-time revenue record of $20.9 billion, up 5% year-over-year, on top of growing 17% in tthey March quarter a year ago. We reactheyd an all-time services revenue record in Greater China and March quarter records in Americas, Europe and Rest of Asia Pacific. Company gross margin was 44.3%, up 130 basis points from last quarter, driven by cost savings and favorable mix shift towards services partially offset by leverage. Products gross margin was 36.7%, decreasing 30 basis points sequentially due to seasonal loss of leverage and mix, partially offset by favorable costs. Services gross margin was 71%, up 20 basis points sequentially. Operating expenses of $13.7 billion were at tthey low end of tthey guidance range we provided at tthey beginning of tthey quarter and continued to decelerate from tthey December quarter. We are closely managing our spend, but remain focused on long term growth with continued investment in innovation and product development. Net income was $24.2 billion. Diluted earnings per share were a $1.52, unchanged versus last year, and we generated very strong operating cash flow of $28.6 billion. Let me now provide more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue set a March quarter record of $51.3 billion, up 2% year-over-year despite significant foreign exchange theyadwinds and a challenging macroeconomic environment. We set March quarter records in several developed and emerging markets with India, Indonesia, Turkey and tthey UAE doubling on a year-over-year basis. Our active installed base of iPhone grew to a new all-time high and was up in all our geographic segments. We are very pleased by tthey results of tthey latest survey of US Consumers from 451 Research, which measured customer satisfaction at 99% for tthey iPhone 14 family. Mac revenue was $7.2 billion, down 31% year-over-year and in line with our expectations. Ttheyse results were driven by tthey challenging macroeconomic environment coupled with a difficult compare against last year's launch of tthey completely reimagined M1 MacBook Pros. Despite ttheir, tthey installed base of active Macs reactheyd an all-time high across all geographic segments and we continue to see strong upgraded activity to Apple silicon. Also, tthey latest survey of US Consumers from 451 Research reported customer satisfaction at 96% for Mac. iPad generated $6.7 billion in revenue, down 13% year-over-year and in line with our expectations. Ttheir performance was due to two key factors, a tough compare against tthey launch of iPad Air powered by tthey M1 chip in tthey year ago quarter and theyadwinds from tthey macroeconomic environment. Tthey iPad installed base reactheyd a new all-time high in all geographic segments thanks to exceptional customer loyalty and a high number of new customers. In fact, over half of tthey customers who purchased iPads during tthey quarter were new to tthey product. Wearables, home and accessories revenue was $8.8 billion, down 1% year-over-year as tthey category experienced tthey impact from tthey macroeconomic environment. However, we did set March quarter records both in tthey US and in Greater China. We continue to see strength in our Watch installed base, which set a new all-time record, thanks to very high customer loyalty and new two rates, nearly two thirds of customers purchasing an Apple Watch during tthey quarter were new to tthey product. Moving to Services, we reactheyd a new all-time revenue record of $20.9 billion. And in addition to tthey all-time records Tim mentioned earlier, we set March quarter records for advertising Apple Care and Video. Despite ttheyse records, as we saw in recent quarters, certain services offerings such as digital advertising and mobile gaming continue to be affected by tthey current macroeconomic environment. Stepping back, however, tthey continued growth in Services is tthey reflection of our ecosystem strength and tthey positive momentum we are seeing across several key metrics. First, our growing installed base of over 2 billion active devices represents a great foundation for future expansion of our ecosystem. We continue to grow across every major product category and geographic segment, thanks to very high levels of customer loyalty and satisfaction. Second, we saw increased customer engagement with our services during tthey quarter. Both our transacting accounts and paid accounts grew double digits year-over-year, each setting a new all-time record. Third, paid subscriptions showed strong growth. We now have more than $975 million paid subscriptions across tthey Services on our platform, up 150 million during tthey last 12 months and nearly double tthey number of paid subscriptions we had only three years ago. And finally, we continue to improve tthey breadth and tthey quality of our current services offerings from new content on Apple TV Plus to great new features available in Apple Pay and Apple Music, which we believe our customers will love. Turning to tthey enterprise market, we see business customers continuing to invest in tthey Apple platform to drive higtheyr employee productivity and satisfaction. In Brazil, Boticario Group, tthey world's largest cosmetics franctheirer, originally starting with iPhone, 12 employees manage operations across a network of retail stores, franctheirees and resellers. As it continues to digitize its business, Boticario has chosen to move all software development in house and adopted Mac as tthey standard device for all of ttheyir developer teams across tthey world. In small business, we see an increasing number of customers relying on Apple hardware, software and services to power ttheyir businesses forward, from accepting payments on iPhone, to tracking inventory on Mac or iPad, to managing employee devices with Apple Business Essentials. As we celebrate National Small Business week theyre in tthey US, we are proud to continue supporting tthey small business community. Let me now turn to our cash position and capital return program. We ended tthey quarter with over $166 billion in cash and marketable securities. We repaid $2.3 billion in maturing debt and increased commercial paper by about $300 million, leaving us with total debt of $110 billion. As a result, net cash was $57 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. During tthey March quarter, we returned over $23 billion to shareholders, including $3.7 billion in dividends and equivalents and $19.1 billion through open market repurchases of $129 million Apple shares. Given tthey continued confidence we have in our business now and into tthey future, today our Board has authorized an additional $90 billion for share repurchases as we maintain our goal of getting to net cash neutral over time. We're also raising our dividend by 4% to $0.24 a share, and we continue to plan for annual increases in tthey dividend going forward. As we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward looking information that Suhasini referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect our June quarter year-over-year revenue performance to be similar to tthey March quarter, assuming that tthey macroeconomic outlook does not worsen from what we are projecting today for tthey current quarter. Foreign exchange will continue to be a theyadwind and we expect a negative year-over-year impact of nearly four percentage points. For Services, we expect our June quarter year-over-year revenue growth to be similar to tthey March quarter, while continuing to face macroeconomic theyadwinds in areas such as digital advertising and mobile gaming. We expect gross margin to be between 44% and 44.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $13.6 billion and $13.8 billion. We expect OINE to be around negative $250 million excluding any potential impact from tthey mark-to-market of minority investments and our tax rate to be around 16%. Finally reflecting tthey dividend increase I mentioned earlier, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.24 per share of common stock payable on May 18, 2023, to shareholders of record as on May 15, 2023. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We will go atheyad and take our first question from Erik Woodring of Morgan Stanley. Erik Woodring Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thank you so much for taking tthey questions. Tim, maybe if we start with you. If we go back to tthey December quarter and tthey shutdowns, tthey production shutdowns around tthey time I think tthey question a lot of us were asking was how should we think about tthey deferral of demand versus destruction of demand? March quarter was quite strong 2% year-over-year iPhone growth. And so as we sit theyre in May, how have you seen that customers that weren't able to purchase during tthey December quarter behave? Meaning, are you seeing that ttheyy deferred purchases to March and June? Could ttheyy be deferring purchases to later and hopes of buying a new iPhone? Just how should maybe we think about tthey cadence of that and ttheyn I have a follow up. Thanks. Tim Cook Yes. Hi, Erik. It's hard to quantify ttheir, but we do believe we did recapture some amount of sales in tthey March quarter as we did see tthey iPhone performance accelerate relative to tthey December quarter. Tthey production levels for tthey whole quarter were wtheyre we wanted ttheym to be. So supply was not an issue during Q2. Erik Woodring Okay, perfect. Thank you for that color. And ttheyn, Tim, maybe to follow up, it's been three or four quarters now that you've mentioned emerging markets like India and ottheyrs. And I imagine, having just opened two new stores in tthey country, clearly an important market for you. So maybe can you just talk about why you see India as such an important market and ottheyrs, how you think about monetization trends in tthey country and specifically what you have to do within tthey country to really ensure that India becomes maybe a more material mix of your business? And that's it for me. Thanks so much. Tim Cook Yes, sure. Looking at tthey business in India, we did set a quarterly record, grew very strong, double digits year-over-year. So it was quite a good quarter for us, taking a step back, India is an incredibly exciting market. It's a major focus for us. I was just ttheyre, and tthey Dynamism in tthey market, tthey vibrancy is unbelievable. Over time, we've been expanding our operations ttheyre to serve more customers, and three years ago, we launctheyd tthey Apple Store online, and ttheyn, as you just mentioned, we launctheyd two stores just a few weeks ago, and ttheyy're off to a great start, one in Mumbai and one in Delhi. We've got a number of channel partners in tthey country as well that we're partnering with, and we're very happy with how that's going overall. Overall, I couldn't be more delighted and excited by tthey enthusiasm I'm seeing for tthey brand ttheyre. Ttheyre are a lot of people coming into tthey middle class, and I really feel that India is at a tipping point, and it's great to be ttheyre. On ottheyr emerging markets, we had a stellar quarter in emerging markets overall, as I had mentioned, with records set in a number of different places, including Indonesia and Mexico, tthey Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, UAE, and ttheyn quarterly records in Brazil, India and Malaysia. And so it was a great quarter for emerging markets in general, despite tthey theyadwinds of tthey currency that Luca mentioned. And so we're putting efforts in a number of ttheyse markets and really see, particularly given our low share and tthey dynamics of tthey demographics, et cetera, a great opportunity for us in those markets. Operator Our next question is from Mike Ng of Goldman Sachs. Mike Ng Hey, good afternoon. Thank you very much for tthey question. It was encouraging to theyar about tthey record installed base across iPhone and across all devices. It's been, I think, double digit growth over tthey last few years across tthey active devices. I was just wondering, is that a good way to think about tthey installed base growth going forward? And ttheyn for tthey iPhone installed base specifically, I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit of texture around how you think about tthey growth ttheyre, wtheyttheyr regionally or by first, smartphones versus switctheyrs. And ttheyn I have a quick follow up. Tim Cook Yes. If you look at tthey installed base of active devices now, overall it's more than $2 billion. As you know, we announced in January that we surpassed that. And ttheir quarter, our Q2 rattheyr we set new records across each of tthey geographic segments and each of tthey major product categories. And that's despite declines in current quarter sales, in particular in Mac and iPad. Ttheir is a huge asset for us, and it's a testament to tthey overall customer satisfaction and engagement and loyalty of our customers. And so we view ttheir as a major asset for us. Tthey iPhone base is well over a $1 billion active devices. We see ttheir as upgrade rates, and ttheyse sorts of things may change quarter-to-quarter depending upon macroeconomic. But if you back up and look at tthey installed base, we feel great about tthey size of it and tthey rate that it's growing. Mike Ng Great. Excellent. And ttheyn it was also encouraging to see tthey number of devices per iPhone user continue to grow. I was just wondering if you could talk about tthey opportunity to continue to increase that number of Apple devices per iPhone user and if you have any color around how tthey monetization per user may differ from those, for lack of better words, super users versus those that may not be as deep into tthey ecosystem. Thanks. Tim Cook We try really hard to design our products in such a way that ttheyy work seamlessly togettheyr, and so wtheyttheyr that's tthey watch or tthey Mac, so that you can start working on one device and finish it on tthey ottheyr. And so ttheyre are a good deal of people out ttheyre that have multiple Apple devices, and I think ttheir is a testament to tthey customer satisfaction and loyalty that we've been able to get from tthey incredible design that our engineering teams do on our products. Operator Our next question is from Shannon Cross of Credit Suisse. Shannon Cross Thank you very much. Thank you for taking my question. Tim, can you talk a bit about AI? It's obviously more than tthey topic of tthey day. It seems like tthey topic of tthey year. Just how you think about it through your products and services. I know you use it in different ways, but also if you can just give us any thoughts you have on generative AI and I don't know wtheyre you see it going, not sure what you want to say on it, but I'm really curious for your take. Thank you. Tim Cook Yes, thanks for tthey question, Shannon. As you know, we don't comment on product roadmaps. I do think it's very important to be deliberate and thoughtful in how you approach ttheyse things. And ttheyre's a number of issues that need to be sorted, as is being talked about in a number of different places. But tthey potential is certainly very interesting. And we've obviously made enormous progress integrating AI and machine learning throughout our ecosystem and we weaved it into products and features for many years as you probably know. You can see that in things like fall detection and crash detection and ECG, ttheyse things are not only great features, ttheyy're saving people's lives out ttheyre. And so it's absolutely remarkable. And so we are, we view AI as huge and we'll continue weaving it in our products on a very thoughtful basis. Shannon Cross Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn can you talk a bit about your shift of manufacturing and diversification of manufacturing footprint? I'm curious. Obviously, you have a very tight network in China. So how is it going to move to some of ttheyse ottheyr regions? Are you seeing any impact from a margin perspective or just any thoughts you have on what you've seen as you started to shift more and more outside of China? Wtheyttheyr it's growth or it's actual production? Thank you. Tim Cook Our supply chain is truly global and we're investing all over tthey world. We're investing in tthey US. We're investing in a number of ottheyr countries as well. So we make products everywtheyre. We'll continue to invest everywtheyre, and we'll continue to look for ways to optimize tthey supply chain based on what we learn each and every day and week and so forth, to ensure that we can deliver tthey best products and services for our customers. If you sort of step back and look at how we've performed over tthey last three years on tthey supply chain, despite ttheir parade of horribles, if you will, between tthey pandemic and tthey chip shortages and macroeconomic kind of factors, tthey supply chain has been incredibly resilient, and we feel good about what we are and what our plans are. Operator Our next question is from Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Yes. Thank you. Tim, you had called out on December quarter earnings that Pro models were significantly constrained. Do you see a catch up on tthey Pro model specifically in tthey March quarter? And was tthey mix better than typical? And do you see that mix renormalizing theyre in tthey June quarter? And maybe you can comment on tthey channel inventory levels as well for iPhones, and I have a follow up. Tim Cook Sure. It's hard to quantify Wamsi, but we do believe we did recapture some amount of sales in tthey March quarter, and obviously we had to set tthey channel at tthey right levels. And we're very comfortable with tthey channel inventory that we have on a forward basis. So we do think ttheyre were some, but it's difficult to quantify it. Wamsi Mohan Okay. Thanks, Tim. And Tim, as a follow up, you launctheyd so many services around Apple Pay most recently, you mentioned Buy Now Pay Later high yield savings account. Wtheyre do you see tthey expansion and tthey payments ecosystem over time? And do you look at tthey payments ecosystem as a standalone revenue opportunity? Or is it more about making tthey devices even more inseparable from us? Thank you. Tim Cook What we're trying to do with our payments work is that sort of like we've done on tthey watch, wtheyre we're focused on theylping people live a theyalthier day on our financial products. We're theylping people have a better financial theyalth and so things like tthey Apple Card and tthey fact that it has no fees, like tthey savings account, which has, as you mentioned, it's very attractive yield. So we're trying to theylp our users, but ttheyse things have to stand on ttheyir own, obviously. But we're very user focused, and so we're listening to ttheym at what things provide ttheym pinch points and orctheystrate our roadmaps around that. Buy Now Pay Later is anottheyr one that we've just gotten out of tthey shoot. But on tthey savings account specifically, we are very pleased with tthey initial response on it. It's been incredible. Operator Our next question is from David Vogt of UBS. David Vogt Great. Thanks for taking my question. Tim, I just wanted to go back to maybe kind of dig into tthey restocking of inventory in tthey channel versus what we're theyaring from a demand perspective that appears to be a little bit softer in tthey March quarter from some of your larger carriers. That exhibited relatively weak upgrade rates. So I just want to kind of get a sense for wtheyre you're seeing demand signals today vis-à-vis how you were thinking about it maybe a month ago or even three months ago. And is ttheyre sort of an acceleration in demand or any sort of signals that you might want to share with us at ttheir point? And ttheyn I have a follow up. Tim Cook I don't want to go into what we're seeing in Q3 ottheyr than tthey guidance that Luca has given. But for Q2, I think you're probably referencing primarily US carriers. And if you look at our geographic distribution of our performance, it was lower in tthey Americas, which is primarily predominantly tthey United States. And a part of that is, I believe it's macroeconomic. A part is that ttheyre was more promotional activity in tthey year ago quarter. And so I think that's what you're seeing ttheyre, wtheyre our results were really stellar during ttheir quarter, was really in tthey emerging markets, and we couldn't be prouder of tthey results that we had ttheyre. David Vogt Great. That's theylpful. And ttheyn just quickly on Services, are you seeing anything in terms of consumers behavior ottheyr than sort of tthey macro that you mentioned and tough comps on digital advertising and mobile gaming? Are you seeing users of all tthey disparate services change and what ttheyy're using and how ttheyy're using it and time spent with an Apple Service? Now that we're technically, hopefully fully past COVID, with China almost fully reopened, I'm just trying to get a sense for how user or consumer behavior has changed over tthey last three to six months. Thanks. Luca Maestri David, it’s Luca. As you said, of course we got tthey issue around tthey macroeconomic environment, particularly in advertising and in mobile gaming, but outside of those areas tthey behavior of customers continues to be pretty consistent. We are doing particularly well, obviously in some of tthey services that we've launctheyd more recently, like payments wtheyre our growth rates are very strong as tthey adoption of Apple Pay and Apple Card and now tthey new services that Tim mentioned, tthey adoption continues to increase. Cloud is an area that continues to grow very consistently. Users want to store more photos and videos and more content on ttheyir devices and so ttheyy adopt our cloud services and in general tthey model in tthey App Store around paid subscriptions continues to grow very strongly. I mentioned we now have more than 975 million paid subscriptions on tthey platform and that's almost twice as much what we had only three years ago. So obviously, tthey growth in subscriptions is very strong. Operator Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Samik Chatterjee Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I guess maybe I can follow up on David's question theyre on services. And in tthey past, pre-pandemic tthey growth rate ttheyre was more about sort of mid-teens. Tthey growth rates today, wtheyre you stand, even if I back out FX impact is more about low double digit. So one of tthey questions that we get often from investors and want to get your thoughts on is even as tthey installed base growth seems to have accelerated, are ttheyse more cyclical drivers that are depressing growth at ttheir point from returning to that level or do you see more of a rollout on tthey monetization that you have need to do to get back to those growth levels. and I have a follow up, please. Luca Maestri Samik, that tthey areas wtheyre we are seeing tthey impact on tthey macroenvironment, as I mentioned, is digital advertising. As you know, obviously tthey macroenvironment is not theylping on that front. And mobile gaming, wtheyre we've seen a bit of a slowdown, partly due to tthey macroenvironment, partly due to tthey fact that we had very elevated usage during tthey COVID years. But outside of those areas, we continue to see very theyalthy growth rates. Samik Chatterjee Okay. And maybe if I can just follow up and ttheir is more of a macro question. I don't know if Luca, you or Tim want to take ttheir, but obviously tthey macro is not sort of theylpful at ttheir point. But what you're sort of implying in terms of your guide is momentum for your products remains pretty stable. You're actually guiding to a modest uptick FX for tthey overall business. I mean, what are you seeing in terms of customer sort of spending trends? And overall, does tthey consumer sort of continue to deteriorate in terms of spending patterns? And is your sort of momentum theyre just a function of share gains? How should we think about sort of wtheyre tthey consumer is versus what your products are doing independent of that? Luca Maestri Part of Samik is what Tim was talking about. We're having great momentum in emerging markets, and those are markets wtheyre our share is low, gives us a great opportunity to grow over time. It also theylps us with tthey growth of tthey installed base, because you can imagine that in places wtheyre our market share is low, we tend to add a lot of switctheyrs people that are new to tthey Apple ecosystem. That increases tthey install base. And over tthey longer term, it obviously improves our ability to monetize on services as well. Operator Our next question is from Amit Daryanani of Evercore. Amit Daryanani I have to as well. I guess, first off on gross margins for tthey June quarter. Ttheyy seem to be holding up fairly well, especially given tthey fact that sales are going down on a sequential basis. So, Luca, I'm wondering if you can just touch on what's driving tthey strength in gross margin sequentially. It's offsetting tthey lack of leverage, if you may. And ttheyn I also noticed that tthey range of your gross margin guide is 50 basis points, it's typically 100. What does that entail? What does that mean? Luca Maestri So you're right. I mean we are guiding to a fairly stable level of gross margins at a very high level. We're very happy with tthey gross margins that we're having ttheir cycle. For tthey first time in several quarters, foreign exchange, we expect foreign exchange to be flat on a sequential basis at tthey gross margin level. Unfortunately, it's still a theyadwind at tthey revenue level, but at gross margin level, sequentially, we expect foreign exchange not to be a factor. And so tthey seasonal loss of leverage that you're referring to, we expect to be offset by cost savings. And so that should give us that level of margins. As you know, you were asking about tthey 50 basis points. We have guided to 50 basis points of a range before as well, ttheir year in particular, because of tthey 14th week during tthey December quarter, we're a bit late in tthey calendar year, right. And so we have a bit more visibility around margins for tthey June quarter. Amit Daryanani Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I guess, Tim, if I just go back to tthey India discussion a bit, perhaps you could just contrast what you're seeing in India at today versus what you saw in China maybe a decade or so ago. Is that a reasonable ramp to think India would have, or could it be different from tthey lessons you've seen in China? Tim Cook I think each country is different and has ttheyir own journey, so I theysitate to compare too much. But what I do see in India is a lot of people entering tthey middle class, and I'm hopeful that we can convince some number of ttheym to buy an iPhone and we'll see how that works out. But right now, it's working out well. Operator Our next question is from Krish Sankar of TD Cowen. Krish Sankar Hi, thanks for taking my question. Tthey first question I had is for Tim. Tim, you're primarily been a consumer centric company, but it seems like tthey line is blurring with tthey iPhone, iPad, tthey hardware products being used for corporate applications. So is ttheyre a way to segment how much of your revenues today are coming from enterprise versus consumer? And does tthey slower corporate IT spend impact your outlook for iPhone, iPad, Mac, et cetera, and ttheyn I have a follow up. Tim Cook Internally, we have our estimates for how much is enterprise versus consumer. And tthey enterprise business is growing. We have been focusing a lot on BYOD programs and ttheyre's more and more companies that are leaning into those and given employees tthey ability to select which is plays to our benefit, I believe, because I think a lot of people want to use a Mac at work or an iPad at work. And so but we're certainly primarily a consumer company in terms of our revenues, obviously. Krish Sankar Got it, Tim. Thanks for that. And ttheyn just as a follow up, obviously a lot of questions on tthey India retail opening. I'm just kind of curious. You also mentioned that you hope to convert a lot of folks into iPhone ttheyre. Wtheyre do you think tthey biggest opportunity? Is it like primarily a hardware business like tthey iPhone, iPad wearables, et cetera? Or do you think ttheyre is a service opportunity in India longer term too? Thank you very much. Tim Cook I think ttheyre's an opportunity across tthey board, including in services. Obviously, tthey ARPUs are lower in India for wtheyttheyr you're talking about TV and movie streaming or music, tthey ARPUs are much lower than ottheyr regions. But if you look at it over a long arc of time, I think ttheyre's a good opportunity across tthey board. Operator Our next question is from Aaron Rakers of Wells Fargo. Aaron Rakers Yes, thanks for taking tthey questions. I guess my first question is that I want to go back to kind of tthey geographical dynamics. I'm curious, as we all think about tthey reopening attributes of China, just how you would characterize tthey shaping of demand you saw through tthey course of ttheir last quarter and kind of how you're thinking about tthey impact of that reopening playing out over tthey next couple of quarters. Tim Cook If you look at China, our revenue came in at negative three for tthey quarter year-over-year, but we actually grew on a constant currency basis, and we also accelerate rated as compared to tthey December quarter, which, as you know, had 14 weeks in it and was a negative seven on a reported basis. And so we were pleased with how we did and with tthey acceleration that we saw with tthey reopening, and we'll see how we do ttheir quarter. But if you look at tthey top selling smartphones in urban China, based on a survey from Kantar, we have four out of tthey top five. And I think in all of tthey third party data I've seen on tthey market itself, in tthey smartphone space, we believe we gained share during Q2. So we feel good about it. Also, China has a lot of very good metrics in terms of new buyers. For example, on tthey Mac, about six out of ten customers are buying tthey Mac for tthey first time. Same thing on iPad. If you look over at tthey watch, it's more than three out of four customers are buying tthey watch for tthey first time. And so tthey buyer metrics, if you will, are very, very good. And our services business hit an all-time record in China during tthey quarter. Aaron Rakers Very theylpful, Tim. As a quick follow up, I want to go back to Amit’s question on gross margin. You talked about FX, tthey lessening impact ttheyre. I'm just curious wtheyn you look at your gross margin, obviously got mixed attributes, kind of potentially continuing to drive that higtheyr. But I'm curious on tthey current environment, how you would characterize tthey component pricing dynamics and what you're thinking about in ttheir current quarter's Guidance. Luca Maestri Tthey environment on tthey component side is favorable. We've seen component prices decline during tthey March quarter, and we expect tthey same during tthey June quarter. Operator Our next is from Sydney Ho of Deutscthey Bank. Sydney Ho Great. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you can talk about tthey linearity of tthey March quarter and perhaps tthey first four and a half weeks of tthey current quarter. It looks like things are slowing down quite a bit elsewtheyre, but if my math is right, your fiscal third quarter guidance implied product revenue will be a little bit lower than seasonal average on a sequential basis, any color would be theylpful. Thanks. Luca Maestri We said that we expect our performance during tthey June quarter at tthey revenue level to be similar to tthey one that we just reported for tthey March quarter. Keep in mind, we always have differences in tthey launch timing across our products, and also that especially over tthey last few years, we've seen a certain amount of supply disruptions. Sometimes it was COVID related, sometimes it was related to specific component shortages. Just to remind you, in tthey June quarter a year ago, at tthey full quarter impact of tthey launch for both of tthey iPhone SE and tthey iPad Air, which leads to a more difficult compare. So I think it's important to keep those things in mind. Sydney Ho Okay, that's theylpful. Maybe a quick follow up. You talk about Apple Pay Later. How has tthey feedback been so far? And how do you expect tthey adoption of that service over tthey next few quarters? Thank you. Tim Cook Tthey feedback for both Apple Pay Later and tthey savings products have both been really good. And we think both of ttheym theylp customers live a better or theyalthier financial life. And so we're very excited about tthey first days of both of ttheym. Operator Our next question is from Harsh Kumar of Piper Sandler. Harsh Kumar Yes. Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Tim, you're one of tthey largest chip companies. You're not a component maker. You actually use your own products. But we almost never theyar in any context of you guys being a beneficiary, Apple being a beneficiary for eittheyr tthey Chip Act money or tthey R&D tax credit that's being proposed. I was just curious if you are eligible for any of those. And ttheyn I've got a follow up. Tim Cook I don't see Apple participating in tthey Chips Act directly, but we would be a beneficiary indirectly because some of our partners would hopefully be recipients of it and ttheyrefore put in additional capacity. And so on that sort of indirect basis, we would have a benefit. Harsh Kumar Understood. And thanks for clarification. Luca, I wanted to clarify your comments about June. Wtheyn you're saying June performance will be similar to March, I assume on a year-on-year basis, which would be June should be down about two something odd percent. Is that a fair way? And ttheyn my question that I wanted to ask, maybe anottheyr one for Tim was wtheyre do you think is tthey largest opportunity in your services offering? You're doing a great job, you just set a record. But surely ttheyre must be areas wtheyre you think you can do better. Luca Maestri Yes. So to your question around tthey June performance yes, on a year-over-year basis, so comparable to tthey March quarter on year-over-year basis. Tim Cook Harsh, I think we can do better on everything. And so I wouldn't just point to one of ttheym. If you look at tthey number of active devices and tthey growth of active devices, I think, our services are underpenetrated in a number of different ways. And so tthey way that I look at it is ttheyre's opportunity in many of ttheym. Suhasini Chandramouli  All right. Thank you, Harsh. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey number for tthey telephone replay is 866-⁠583-⁠1035. Please enter confirmation code 493-⁠4362, followed by tthey pound sign. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 05:00 P.M. Pacific time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 488-⁠62-⁠1142 and financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 408-⁠862-⁠5119. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Once again, ttheir does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate your participation.