Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Director, IR and Corporate Finance Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - SVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Amit Daryanani - Evercore ISI Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler & Co. Erik Woodring - Morgan Stanley Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Benjamin Bollin - Cleveland Research Company Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Chase & Co. David Vogt - UBS Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services James Suva - Citigroup Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Q3 FY 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during tthey discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey company's business and results of operation. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Tejas. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, Apple is reporting anottheyr record June quarter with revenue of $83 billion, which was better than we expected despite supply constraints, strong foreign exchange theyadwinds and tthey impact of our business in Russia. We set June quarter records in tthey Americas, in Europe and in tthey rest of Asia Pacific region. We also saw June quarter revenue records in both developed and emerging markets with very strong double-digit growth in Brazil, Indonesia and Vietnam and a near doubling of revenue in India. We saw great enthusiasm for our products and services, resulting in an all-time record for our installed base of active devices. Our supply constraints were less than we anticipated at tthey beginning of tthey quarter, coming in slightly below tthey range we discussed during our last call. We know that ttheir is a time of significant challenge around tthey world for all of us confronting new variants of COVID-19, to those experiencing a prolonged humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and everyone dealing with tthey consequences of an uncertain economic environment. We know that much of tthey world is living through uneasy times, and it is all tthey more reason why we are working hard to theylp our customers navigate tthey world as it is while empowering ttheym to create tthey world as it can be.  Turning to iPhone. We set a June quarter record for both revenue and switctheyrs to iPhone. With its advanced performance, capability and ease of use, customers continue to find that iPhone remains tthey gold standard for smartphones. And ttheyy've been raving about tthey iPhone 13 lineup's extraordinary camera quality with features like cinematic mode and macro photography to create eye-catching content. We were also proud to celebrate tthey 15th anniversary of iPhone, a device that continues to change tthey world in profound ways with each new innovation.  Last month, Apple unleattheyyd a wave of innovation, including tthey completely redesigned MacBook Air and a new 13-inch MacBook Pro. Both of ttheyse systems are powered by M2, our next generation of Apple silicon for Mac. M2 delivers a faster CPU, GPU and neural engine along with higtheyr memory bandwidth and new capabilities like Pro Res acceleration. And it continues tthey tremendous pace of innovation in Apple silicon for tthey Mac. We continue to have supply constraints with Mac, but we're encouraged by tthey strong response from customers to our incredible lineup.  iPad, like Mac, continued to see strong demand during tthey June quarter despite ongoing supply constraints. Customers and developers have been especially excited about tthey new features we're bringing to iPad with iPadOS 16. Ttheir update was one of tthey many announcements we made at a truly extraordinary WWDC, wtheyre we shared a range of new features that give customers more control of ttheyir experience than ever before. Ttheir includes tthey ability to edit or delete sent messages, a new way of organizing apps on iPad and Mac, and an all-new customizable lock screen on iPhone and so much more. Today, iOS 16, iPadOS 16, MacOS Ventura and watchOS 9 are all in public beta, and we couldn't be more excited to see what our community of developers creates with ttheym.  We unveiled new innovations and accessibility such as door detection and live captions that support users with disabilities with navigation, theyalth, communication and more. We also announced Apple Pay Later, which gives customers more flexibility to make purchases with ttheyir Apple devices. And with our next generation of CarPlay, we're improving tthey driving experience with deeper integration into vehicle hardware, allowing drivers to control ttheyir music, change tthey temperature and monitor ttheyir fuel levels, all from a single integrated platform.  In tthey Wearables, Home and Accessories category, tthey innovation infused across our products continues to win over new customers. Apple Watch remains a great way for theyalth-conscious customers to track ttheyir overall wellness and fitness. And we're bringing ttheym even more data about ttheyir workouts, sleep cycles and medications with updates soon to arrive on watchOS 9. We were also pleased to get FDA approval for a new feature that will let users with irregular theyart rhythms track tthey time ttheyy spend in Afib.  Turning to Services. Customers continue to engage enthusiastically with our content across news, fitness, music, gaming and more. Services revenue rose to $19.6 billion, a June quarter record and a 12% increase year-over-year, which was in line with our expectations. We're proud of how Apple TV+ productions like Severance and Black Bird have captured tthey popular imagination, and we're looking forward to more exceptional content developed by extraordinary creators throughout tthey year.  In 2.5 years since launch, Apple TV+ has now earned 250 wins and over 1,100 award nominations and counting. Just ttheir month, we learned that Apple TV+ earned 52 Emmy Award nominations across 13 titles. In our last call, I mentioned Friday Night Baseball on Apple TV+, which is already delighting baseball fans. And last month, we announced a 10-year deal to present Major League soccer matctheys around tthey world, giving global soccer fans a whole new way of viewing ttheyir favorite sport.  One of tthey best parts of WWDC was welcoming developers to Apple Park while continuing to connect with developers all over tthey world. Ttheir year, we had an incredible group of developers and more opportunities to learn from one anottheyr than ever before. It was a truly special experience and a reminder of tthey economic miracle tthey App Store represents.  We are proud of tthey fact that tthey iOS app economy supports more than 2.2 million jobs theyre in tthey United States and many more around tthey world. It's been wonderful to see earnings by small developers more than double over tthey past 2 years. And as we're supporting developers, we're also doing our part to protect customers. In 2021, we prevented nearly $1.5 billion in fraudulent transactions by stopping over 1.6 million risky and vulnerable apps and app updates.  Now I want to turn to retail. Ttheir quarter, we opened tthey doors to Apple's first store in tthey Hubei province in China, welcoming tthey community to a beautiful new space. And earlier today, we opened Apple Brompton Road, our fifth store in Central London. We also expanded today at Apple Creative Studios to reach even more young creatives from underrepresented communities to theylp ttheym realize ttheyir potential and bring ttheyir best ideas to life.  I'd like to take ttheir opportunity to express my appreciation to our team members working in Apple Stores, customer care centers and channel partner stores and to our Apple Care teams for ttheyir incredible work supporting customers wtheyrever ttheyy are.  Creating innovative products and services that enrich people's lives is our mission. Leading with our values and everything we do gives that mission purpose. That includes a commitment to tthey environment wtheyre we continue our aggressive pursuit of our 2030 goals. It includes our focus on diversity and inclusion, wtheyre we are committed as ever to making progress.  And it includes our work to promote racial equity and justice. We recently announced that tthey Global Equity Innovation Hub, in partnership with Cal State Northridge, will provide new community grants to Hispanic-serving institutions to theylp tthey next generation of creators and innovators build skills and pursue high-demand careers in STEM. We also celebrated tthey graduation of tthey inaugural class of our Developer Academy in Detroit from a program designed to give students tthey skills ttheyy need to pursue jobs in tthey thriving iOS app economy.  Leading with our values also means leading with a steadfast commitment to privacy and security. Last month, we announced tthey introduction of passkey, a next-generation credential that's intended to replace passwords. A passkey can't be phittheyyd nor can it be stolen by hackers in a data breach because tthey information is stored on your device and your device alone. And as part of our effort to combat targeted attacks against tthey higtheyst risk targets like journalists and human rights activists, we introduced Lockdown Mode, which is designed to protect those most at risk of soptheirticated digital attacks.  And we're committed to doing our part to address tthey housing crisis across California. To date, we have deployed more than $1.3 billion to a number of initiatives, including ones that provide financial assistance to low and moderate income first-time home buyers develop new affordable housing and theylp support vulnerable populations.  Ttheir quarter has ultimately been a reflection of our resilience and our optimism. As we look forward, we're clear-eyed about tthey uncertainty in tthey macro environment. Yet we remain ever focused on tthey same vision that has guided us from tthey beginning. We strive every day to be a place wtheyre imagination ignites innovation like nowtheyre else, wtheyre good people come togettheyr to achieve great things, wtheyre customers are tthey center of everything we do. And we'll continue to execute on that vision as we always have, led by a focus on excellence and a desire to leave tthey world better than we found it. And with that, I'll turn it over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. We are very pleased to report June quarter financial results that continue to demonstrate our ability to innovate across hardware, software and services while operating our business effectively during very challenging economic circumstances. We set a June quarter revenue record of $83 billion, up 2% year-over-year despite supply constraints, over 300 basis points of foreign exchange theyadwinds and tthey impact of our business in Russia. Around tthey world, we set new June quarter records in tthey Americas, in Europe and rest of Asia Pacific. On tthey product side, revenue was $63.4 billion with a June quarter revenue record for iPhone. During tthey quarter, our installed base of active devices continue to grow well, thanks to our unmatctheyd levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty and reactheyd an all-time high for all major product categories and geographic segments. Our Services set a June quarter revenue record of $19.6 billion, up 12% over a year ago, with all-time revenue records in tthey Americas and tthey rest of Asia Pacific and June quarter records in Europe and Greater China.  We also achieved June quarter revenue records in each major Services category, including all-time revenue records for Music, Cloud Services, Apple Care and Payment Services. Company gross margin was 43.3%, down 40 basis points from last quarter as seasonal loss of leverage and unfavorable foreign exchange were partially offset by favorable mix.  Products gross margin was 34.5%, down 190 basis points sequentially, mainly driven by seasonal loss of leverage, mix and FX. Services gross margin was 71.5%, down 110 basis points sequentially due to a different mix and foreign exchange. Net income was $19.4 billion and diluted earnings per share were $1.20, while operating cash flow of $22.9 billion was a June quarter record.  Let me now get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue grew 3% year-over-year to a June quarter record of $40.7 billion despite foreign exchange theyadwinds as customer response to our iPhone 13 family continue to be strong. We set June quarter records in both developed and emerging markets. And tthey iPhone active installed base reactheyd a new all-time high across all geographies as a result of ttheir level of sales performance combined with unmatctheyd customer loyalty. In fact, tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 98%. We also attracted a record number of switctheyrs for tthey June quarter, with strong double-digit year-over-year growth.  For Mac, we generated revenue of $7.4 billion despite supply constraints and negative effects. We continue to be excited about our long-term opportunity with Mac and redefining tthey PC experience with our relentless innovation. Our investment focus on Mac has theylped drive significant growth in our installed base, which reactheyd an all-time high during tthey June quarter as nearly half of tthey customers purchasing a Mac were new to tthey product.  iPad revenue was $7.2 billion, down 2% year-over-year due to supply constraints and negative foreign exchange. Customer response to our iPad lineup continue to be strong across consumer, education and enterprise markets around tthey world. And tthey iPad installed base reactheyd a new all-time high, with over half of tthey customers during tthey quarter being new to tthey product.  Wearables, Home and Accessories revenue was $8.1 billion, down 8% year-over-year as we faced foreign exchange theyadwinds, different launch timing for Home and Accessories products and supply constraints as well as tthey overall macroeconomic environment. Despite ttheir, our installed base of devices in tthey category hit a new all-time record, thanks to very strong customer loyalty and high new tool rates. For example, Apple Watch continues to extend its reach, with over 2/3 of customers purchasing an Apple Watch during tthey quarter being new to tthey product.  Services had a June quarter revenue record of $19.6 billion, up 12% despite almost 500 basis points of FX theyadwinds as well as impacts from our business in Russia and tthey macroeconomic environment. We set June quarter revenue records in both developed and emerging markets and set all-time records in many countries around tthey world, including tthey U.S., Mexico, Brazil, Korea and India.  Tthey record level of performance of our Services portfolio during tthey June quarter reflects tthey strength of our ecosystem on many fronts: First, our installed base has continued to grow, reaching an all-time high across each geographic segment and major product category. We also saw increased customer engagement with our Services during tthey quarter. Our transacting accounts, paid accounts and accounts with paid subscriptions all grew double digits year-over-year.  And paid subscriptions showed very strong growth. We now have more than 860 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, which is up more than 160 million during tthey last 12 months alone. And finally, we continue to improve tthey breadth and tthey quality of our current Services offerings, from a constant flow of new content on Apple TV+ and Apple Arcade to great new features we recently announced for iCloud and Apple Music, which we believe our customers will love.  In tthey enterprise market, our customers are increasingly investing in Apple products as a strategy to attract and retain talent. Bank of America is providing iPhones to all of its financial advisers so ttheyy can instantly access client information and provide timely wealth management advice from anywtheyre. Wipro, anottheyr large global enterprise customer, is investing in MacBook Air with M1 as a competitive advantage wtheyn recruiting new graduates globally, thanks to its superior performance and lower total cost of ownership. And with tthey new M2 chip powering MacBook Air and tthey 13-inch MacBook Pro, we expect more customers to make Mac available to ttheyir entire workforce.  Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $179 billion in cash and marketable securities. We repaid $3 billion in maturing debt while increasing commercial paper by $4 billion, leaving us with total debt of $120 billion. As a result, net cash was nearly $60 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. We returned over $28 billion to shareholders during tthey June quarter. Ttheir included $3.8 billion in dividends and equivalents and $21.7 billion through open market repurchases of 143 million Apple shares. We continue to believe ttheyre is great value in our stock and maintain our target of reaching a net cash neutral position over time.  As we move atheyad into tthey September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near term, we are not providing revenue guidance but we are sharing some directional insights based on tthey assumption that tthey macroeconomic outlook and COVID-related impacts to our business do not worsen from what we are projecting today for tthey current quarter.  Overall, we believe our year-over-year revenue growth will accelerate during tthey September quarter compared to tthey June quarter despite approximately 600 basis points of negative year-over-year impact from foreign exchange. On tthey product side, we expect supply constraints to be lower than what we experienced during tthey June quarter. Specifically related to Services, we expect revenue to grow but decelerate from tthey June quarter due to macroeconomic factors and foreign exchange.  We expect gross margin to be between 41.5% and 42.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $12.9 billion and $13.1 billion. We expect OI&E to be around negative [indiscernible] impact from tthey mark-to-market of minority investments and our tax rate to be around 16%. Finally, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.23 per share of common stock, payable on August 11, 2022, to shareholders of record as of August 8, 2022. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Amit Daryanani I guess two from my side. Maybe to start on tthey gross margin discussion, Luca. You said that implying gross margin will be down I think, 130, 140 basis points sequentially and down a bit year-over-year as well in September. Maybe just what are tthey puts and takes theyre. And ttheyn very specifically, can you actually just call what tthey FX theyadwinds are embedded in tthey September quarter gross margin, that would be theylpful. Luca Maestri Yes, Amit. We're guiding 41.5% to 42.5%. On a sequential basis, tthey decline is expected to be driven by, as you mentioned, foreign exchange but also mix, which will be partially offset by better leverage. We expect foreign exchange impact on a sequential basis to be 50 basis points. If you look at it from a year-over-year standpoint, we are in tthey ballpark of a year ago in spite of tthey fact that foreign exchange is going to be 130 basis points negative to a year ago. So clearly, foreign exchange is something that is affecting us but we think we're navigating that fairly well. Amit Daryanani Fair enough. And ttheyn if I could just ask Tim tthey question. Ttheyre's a lot of macro worries and high inflation impacting consumer demand. Certainly doesn't seem to be very visible in your performance and your expectations. So I'm wondering if you talk about, are you seeing any implications from recession fears or inflation fears to your end demand? And really just related to that, wearables decline was notable. Is that wtheyre you would typically see initial signs of consumer softening perhaps? Tim Cook Thanks for tthey question. If you -- I'm not an economist and so I'll sort of narrow my comments to what we saw in tthey business. And if you look at tthey June quarter, we do believe that we saw macroeconomic theyadwinds that impacted our business and our results. And so one of those is clearly tthey FX, which Luca has mentioned, that was over 300 basis points on year-over-year growth rates.  Wtheyn you look at tthey product categories, on iPhone, ttheyre was no obvious evidence of macroeconomic impact during tthey June quarter besides FX, obviously. Mac and iPad were so gated by supply that we didn't have enough product to test tthey demand. And Wearables, Home and Accessories, as you mentioned and as Luca mentioned, we did see some impact ttheyre that we would attribute to a macroeconomic environment.  Wtheyn you ttheyn look at Services, ttheyre were some Services that were impacted, for example, like digital advertising was clearly impacted by tthey macroeconomic environment. And so it's a mixed bag in terms of what we believe that we saw. Overall, we are very happy with tthey results. And wtheyn you think about tthey number of challenges in tthey quarter, we feel really good about tthey growth that we put up for tthey quarter. Operator We'll take our next question from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Harsh Kumar Yes. First of all, congratulations. As ttheyse are tough times, you guys are putting up tremendous results so we appreciate that as investors. My question is, wtheyn I look at your Services business, I see a $20 billion business on a quarterly basis. And you keep adding -- as a company, you keep adding very interesting and transformative features such as payments, something like that every year.  So I'm struggling to find a good way to think about how to model tthey growth of ttheir business, considering that you add innovative features. So now that it's fairly matured as a business, what would be a good way for us to think about as investors to model tthey Services business? And I do have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Well, as you know, we don't provide guidance past tthey current quarter. But I think tthey way to think about it, certainly tthey way we think about it is that ttheyre's a number of levers in our Services business to take into account. Tthey first one is installed base. Installed base is tthey engine for our company and it continues to grow. As I mentioned, it has reactheyd an all-time high across every geographic segment, across every product category. And so that's very important.  Ttheyn tthey second lever is tthey customer engagement. And we know that our customers are getting more and more engaged over time. Transacting accounts, paid accounts, paid subscriptions are growing, so tthey level of engagement continues to grow.  And ttheyn as you mentioned, tthey breadth and tthey quality of tthey services that we offer tends to grow over time. So ttheyse are all things that tend to theylp us over tthey long term. If you go back and you look at our growth rates over a number of quarters now, ttheyy've always been very good. Of course, tthey macro environment can have an impact on ttheir business. Tim has mentioned, for example, digital advertising can be affected at times.  During COVID, some of tthey compares have been a bit lumpy because ttheyre have been lockdowns and reopenings and so on. So it's very difficult to talk about a steady state growth rate for our Services business. But wtheyn we look at tthey entirety of what we are doing in tthey Services space, we feel very good about tthey future of tthey business. Harsh Kumar Luca, very theylpful. And for my follow-up, valuations have come down in tthey last 18 months or so for things and companies and targets that you might look at. I guess, particularly in tthey Services area, would ttheyre be an appetite on behalf of Apple to accelerate tthey growth of its Services business by looking at external products to acquire? Tim Cook We always look and we ask ourselves if it's -- how strategic it is, and we never buy just to buy or buy just for revenue purposes. But we would buy something that is strategic for us. To date, we have concentrated on smaller IP and people acquisitions. But I wouldn't rule anything out for tthey future, and obviously, we are constantly surveilling tthey market. Operator We'll take our next question from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Erik Woodring I have two as well. Maybe Tim, if I start with you, I think ttheyre's a debate in tthey market that if you look back over time, ttheyre's been a 3-year cadence to iPhone cycles. We're 2 years into your 5G iPhone evolution. You're on track to grow units in '21 and '22. That implies ttheyre could be some pressure next year as upgrade rates slow. But your comments really suggest no slowdown. You're seeing double-digit growth in customers new to iPhone. So can you just walk us through some of tthey various factors you believe are driving ttheir continued iPhone strength? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Today, tthey product and tthey innovation within tthey product that is driving it. And of course, tthey ottheyr key variables are some things that Luca mentioned earlier wtheyre tthey size of tthey installed base has been growing significantly. We also, just in ttheir quarter, tthey June quarter, set a June quarter record for switctheyrs with strong double-digit growth. And so ttheir is fueling tthey additional installed base even more.  And we continue to execute across some significant geographies wtheyre ttheyre's a very low penetration of iPhone. Some of those were called out in tthey opening remarks between Indonesia and Vietnam and India, wtheyre we did quite well, and iPhone tends to be tthey engine for those markets, particularly at tthey beginning of creating tthey market ttheyre for Apple products. And so we're really looking at all of ttheyse things from tthey installed base to tthey number of switctheyrs to tthey geographic distribution.  Of course, tthey most important thing for us is to maintain an incredible customer satisfaction and loyalty from tthey customers. And we're really pleased that it's currently at 98% for tthey latest iPhones. And so those are tthey things that underpin it. 5G has been an accelerant. And tthey 5G penetration, particularly if you look at it globally, is still quite low. In some geographies, it's obviously higtheyr, but around tthey world, 5G penetration is still low. And so I think ttheyre's reason to be optimistic. Erik Woodring Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe, Luca, for you. As we move from tthey June to tthey September quarter, maybe can you dig a level deeper and kind of theylp us understand some of tthey moving pieces in tthey Services business? Meaning wtheyre do you think we could see an acceleration or maybe a deceleration? And should we still expect double-digit growth? If you could just frame that for us, that would be great. Luca Maestri Yes, Erik. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we expect some deceleration from tthey 12% that we've had in tthey June quarter. Keep in mind, we're going to see, on a year-over-year basis, 600 basis points, 6% impact from foreign exchange so that is a big element for us. Also keep in mind that we're still lapping tthey impact of our business in Russia in ttheyse numbers. And Tim mentioned that ttheyre are some pockets of weakness, primarily in digital advertising that we will need to work through. But at tthey same time, our Services business a year ago grew a lot and so also tthey compare is a bit challenging. So we don't have a very specific number to give out today. Of course, we expect to grow. We will see how tthey quarter develops. Operator We'll take our next question from Richard Kramer with Arete Research. Richard Kramer Tim, you cited growth in Apple apps in tthey past, and clearly, tthey privacy policies you've taken have really reshaped tthey mobile ad market. Can you give us a sense of how you see Apple's role as an ad network and perhaps theylping developers to monetize not just app sales but also growing ad monetization over time? Tim Cook Yes. Richard, we view privacy as a fundamental human right. And so what we try to do with all of our features on privacy is put tthey decision back at tthey user wtheyre we believe it belongs as to wtheyttheyr ttheyy want to share ttheyir data or not. And so that was what was behind application tracking transparency and a number of ottheyr features. We're trying to empower tthey user to own ttheyir data and make ttheyir own choices.  In terms of us selling ads, we have a search ad business across tthey App Store that we believe represents a great way for discovery for small and large developers. And so I see that we play a role in that. Richard Kramer And ttheyn maybe my follow-up for Luca. Can you give us a sense, especially now that you're launching Pay Later, what steps you might be taking to improve affordability of Apple products? We know that it's going to be a tight time economically for people around tthey world. And how do you see tthey evolution of various payment plans out of tthey -- you see in tthey U.S. now into ottheyr markets, especially emerging markets? Luca Maestri Yes. I mean, obviously, affordability is a very important topic for us. It's been for many years. Buy now, pay later is tthey latest that we are doing on ttheir front. Fundamentally, we are working on 2 major initiatives for affordability. One is installment plans and installment plans have become more widespread around tthey world, not only theyre in tthey United States but in most markets, particularly in emerging markets. Incredibly important in terms of reducing tthey affordability threshold.  And trading programs. Trading programs are available in a number of markets. We can do better in ottheyr markets. Ttheyy're incredibly important because tthey residual value of our products is a huge differentiator for our users. After ttheyy use our devices, ttheyy can bring ttheym back and ttheyy retain much more value than ottheyr platforms. And ttheyrefore, it's important for us to raise that awareness. And so we will continue to expand those programs around tthey world. So installments and trade-ins, very, very important on affordability. Operator We'll take our next question from David Vogt with UBS. David Vogt I just wanted to circle back on sort of tthey macro and sort of tthey demand signals that you're seeing versus sort of tthey supply chains that you're facing. I know that ttheyre's been a couple of U.S. carriers that have talked about some of ttheyir customers having some difficulty paying bills. And you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you saw sort of tthey record number of switctheyrs in tthey quarter. So just wanted to kind of get a sense for what you're seeing in that particular channel without naming a specific customer. And are you seeing any sort of issues from a spin-down effect maybe because customers are having some difficulty because of inflation? And ttheyn I have a follow-up on Macs. Tim Cook On tthey -- from an aggregate point of view, looking at it worldwide, looking at tthey data on iPhone for tthey June quarter, ttheyre's not obvious evidence in ttheyre that ttheyre's a macroeconomic theyadwind. I'm not saying that ttheyre's not one. I'm saying that tthey data doesn't show it wtheyre we can clearly see that in tthey Wearables, Home and Accessories area. And so I would differentiate those 2. David Vogt Great. And ttheyn on tthey Mac business, I know that you are severely supply chain constrained. But is ttheyre a way to kind of think about tthey impact of tthey market overall on tthey Mac business versus tthey supply chain? It sounds like -- I guess, it sounds like it's almost effectively 100% supply chain constrained, but we're obviously theyaring, like I'm sure you guys are seeing, anecdotal evidence and some quantifiable evidence that tthey broader PC market is slowing.  And I think about 90 days ago, you were pretty confident with tthey new M2 chip that you could continue to grow throughout a potential drawdown in that particular market. Do you still feel that way? And if you can kind of share how you're thinking about tthey different sort of components of your growth versus tthey market. Tim Cook Yes, I wouldn't want to project into ttheir quarter. But for last quarter, what we saw was tthey -- wtheyn tthey COVID restrictions hit in tthey Shanghai corridor, we lost tthey primary source of supply for Mac units. And that was eittheyr running at a reduced rate or down completely for tthey majority of tthey quarter. And so it was a very big impact to tthey Mac business.  We felt good, frankly, that we were able to, by tthey end of tthey quarter, get ttheir back to wtheyre we were down 10 points. But tthey negative 10 I would classify as being driven by supply. And of course, FX feeds into ttheir as well because of tthey translation issues around tthey world. Ttheyre's also some impact because of tthey business in Russia. But those are tthey 3 kind of reasons that I would tell you.  In terms of testing tthey demand, you can't really test tthey demand unless you have tthey supply. And we were so far from that last quarter that we have an estimate of what we believe demand was. But it is an estimate. We recognize how tthey industry is doing. We think that we've got a great story with tthey Mac with getting M1 out and now M2 out. We have a very, very strong offering for tthey back-to-school season and we'll see how we do ttheir quarter. We'll report back in October. Operator We'll take our next question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Benjamin Bollin Tim, I was hoping you could share a little bit more about how you're thinking about tthey supply theyadwinds. You said less severe or less worse supply challenges into September. I'm interested wtheyn you think you find balance across products. And also, any thoughts on how or wtheyn that might influence replenishment of supply into your retail channels? Tim Cook To give you a little more color on what we saw in tthey June quarter, we came in slightly below, from a constraint point of view, tthey $4 billion number that we had put, at tthey 4 to 8 are tthey low end of that range. And tthey majority of that constraint last quarter was coming out of tthey COVID restrictions that occurred, that resulted in plant closures and plants running at less than full utilization for some amount of tthey quarter, in some cases, tthey majority of tthey quarter.  And ttheyn tthey ottheyr component that is tthey minority part of it is tthey silicon shortage that has affected our results for several quarters now. If you look into tthey future, tthey silicon shortage, we're not forecasting wtheyn that will end. We think that in tthey aggregate, our constraint numbers for tthey September quarter will be less than ttheyy were in tthey June quarter. But of tthey 2 -- ttheyre are ttheyse 2 components, and of course, we're optimistic about tthey COVID restriction piece of ttheir. Benjamin Bollin Okay. Tthey ottheyr item. Tim, any thoughts on how you're thinking strategy is evolving with respect to progress in AR, VR in your existing products? Anything you're learning about content or how you're thinking about that opportunity? Tim Cook We're thrilled right now to have over 14,000 ARKit apps in tthey App Store. And ttheyy're providing incredible AR experiences for millions of people. And that's utilizing iPhone and iPad. And of course, we are in tthey business of innovation so we're always exploring new and emerging technologies. But I wouldn't want to say anything beyond that. Operator We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Luca, you mentioned revenues to accelerate year-over-year overall in September versus your June growth rate. Would you say that it would be reasonable to assume normal quarter-on-quarter seasonality of about $7 billion or so? Or would you say ttheyre are additional puts and takes ttheir time around that could drive upside and downside to that? I know you noted 600 bps year-over-year on FX as potentially one of those. But maybe theylp us think through, on a sequential basis, how much of a normal versus abnormal seasonality we should expect? And I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Yes, Wamsi, as you know, as we said earlier, we're not providing guidance because of all tthey uncertainty out ttheyre. But we have given a few data points. So one of ttheym, which you've mentioned, approximately 600 basis points of negative foreign exchange. I mean, you do a rough math, it's around $5 billion. That's a big number right ttheyre that is going to affect us, that we are having some impact from tthey situation in Russia and that is obviously different from normal seasonality as well. Our supply constraints, as Tim just said, are going to be lower than what we've seen in tthey June quarter but ttheyy're still going to be ttheyre. So wtheyn you look at those 3 theyadwinds and you combine ttheym with tthey acceleration that we talked about, we feel that, that is pretty remarkable. Wamsi Mohan Okay, Luca. And Tim, I wanted to follow up on your comment about tthey macro impact that you've seen on wearables. Your wearables portfolio is probably at tthey lowest ASP range across your product portfolio. As you're giving ttheir guidance or directional guidance theyre, how much of an impact are you assuming in potentially any macro-related slowdowns across tthey rest of tthey portfolio? Why would investors not think that it would be prudent to assume some sort of creep-up of some of ttheyse -- some of tthey theysitation maybe that tthey macro environment is driving, particularly as it pertains to your higtheyr ASP products? Tim Cook Yes. Let me expand a little bit on Wearables, Home and Accessories so that I clearly communicate what we saw. We saw sort of a cocktail of theyadwinds on Wearables, Home and Accessories. We saw FX, which we've talked about. We saw supply constraints, which we've talked about. Of course, ttheyre was an impact from tthey business in Russia. But in addition to those things, which -- those things affected all tthey products to some degree, we also had a different launch timing for certain home and accessory products. Like in tthey year-ago quarter, I think, had AirTag in it. That's just 1 example of something that announced last year that didn't announce ttheir -- that we didn't have a comparable announcement ttheir year.  And in -- so in addition to those 4 items, we believe, based on tthey data, that ttheyre was also a macroeconomic environment hit. And wtheyttheyr or not that is because ttheyy're lower ASPs versus tthey higtheyr ASPs of a phone, I can't tell you that. I can just tell you that looking at tthey numbers, ttheyre does appear to be theyadwinds in addition to tthey 4 items that we can articulate and we believe those to be macroeconomic theyadwinds. Operator We'll take our next question from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Samik Chatterjee Great. And congrats on tthey results in ttheir tough macro. I guess I wanted to start with China smartphone market theyre a bit. Tim, I thought you said in response to earlier question that you haven't really seen a material impact from tthey macro on iPhone yet. But wondering, did you see an impact of tthey COVID lockdowns ttheyre on demand itself? Or was ttheyre a snapback fall in that? If you can comment about tthey sort of exit run rate that you saw in that market, following tthey COVID shutdowns ending ttheyre. And I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes, both things are true. We did see a lower demand based on tthey COVID lockdowns in tthey cities tthey COVID lockdowns affected. And we did see a rebound in those same cities toward tthey end of tthey quarter in tthey June time frame. And in particular, in tthey run-up to June 18, which as you know, is a major shopping holiday in China. We think that tthey net of that was still a negative, but some of it did rebound by June time frame. Tthey restrictions begin to come off toward tthey beginning of June, if my memory is correct. Samik Chatterjee Okay. And for my follow-up, I know you said you don't want to sort of predict tthey macro theyre or be an economist. But if I go back and look at tthey sort of OpEx for tthey last few years, you've been increasing that by a double-digit percentage. And just given tthey uncertainty that you've talked about in tthey macro furttheyr on ttheir call a lot, how are you thinking about sort of that investment base going forward? Are you trying to look at areas that wtheyre you can sort of pull back? I mean, just in terms of how you're preparing for tthey uncertainty is I guess tthey question. Tim Cook We believe in investing through tthey downturn. And so we'll continue to hire people and invest in areas, but we are being more deliberate in doing so in recognition of tthey realities of tthey environment. Operator We'll take our next question from Jim Suva with Citigroup. James Suva While I'm calling you on my iPhone 13 Max Pro and loving it, I just wanted to ask you, though, with replacement cycles, have you noticed any change now that we've been through like 2.5 years of COVID wtheyre people upgrading at a different rate and kind of post COVID, hopefully, upgrade cycles or replacement cycles, how we should kind of think about that? Obviously, wtheyn I drop and break my phone, I replace it immediately. But a normal replacement, have ttheyy changed at all? Any insights from that would be great. Tim Cook It's challenging to measure tthey replacement cycle at any point in time with exact precision, and so I'm going to punt on tthey question a bit. However, our key task is to make a product that everybody loves and that ttheyy want to trade in ttheyir current phone to get. And so that's what we are focused on is innovating like crazy and giving somebody something that ttheyy really want and see ttheymselves using. James Suva Okay, that makes sense. Well, ttheyn maybe I can ask Luca a question more on tthey gross margins. As you look atheyad, tthey supply chain issues, expedited shipping and all of that, do you think probably tthey September quarter is kind of tthey worst of FX and all those theyadwinds and things? Or is ttheyre a little bit of timing delays due to your contractual purchase commitments that you do, that maybe your suppliers are looking at higtheyr costs and you're benefiting from some lower contracts or maybe that has already caught up? If you could give us some insights on tthey kind of longer-term nature of tthey directions or tthey gross margin impacts. Luca Maestri Jim, I would say we provide guidance for tthey current quarter. But if we look atheyad, ttheyre's always a couple of elements in gross margin that are a bit outside of our control and we need to be mindful of that. One of ttheym is tthey foreign exchange environment. That is having an impact already for tthey September quarter, had an impact on June. And obviously, strong dollar tends to be a theyadwind for us. As you know, we have a theydging program and so we mitigate that impact. But over time, those theydges roll off and so it becomes more challenging for us. We'll see what happens with foreign exchange rates over time. That is going to be a variable that we need to track. Tthey ottheyr one that has an impact on tthey aggregate gross margin is our mix of products and services. As you know, ttheyy have different margin profiles for very different reasons, different businesses, even different accounting treatment at times. And so that is also something that we will need to track over time. What matters to us, I think it goes back to Tim was saying earlier, is we want to make sure that people love our products and services, and we want all of ttheym to be equally successful in tthey marketplace.  Certainly, as you've seen over tthey last year, we've had a significant expansion in gross margins in spite of very difficult economic circumstances from COVID to inflation, interest rates going up and our margins have expanded. From a commodity standpoint, I think you were asking a question around components. Commodities are behaving okay. We're seeing some price pressure on some silicon components. But ottheyr than that, we've -- actually commodities are behaving well. James Suva Congratulations to you and all your team members. Tim Cook Thank you. Operator We'll take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company. Krish Sankar And Tim, I apologize, it's also macro-related. You mentioned that it impacted digital advertising within Services. I'm just kind of curious, if tthey macro does worsen, do you worry about subscriber growth, App Store purchases, et cetera? And conversely, are ttheyre any parts of tthey Service business that you consider recession-proof, like maybe a buy now, pay later or something else? And ttheyn I have a quick follow-up for Luca. Tim Cook We have incorporated all of our thoughts in tthey guidance that Luca gave, which says that we think in tthey aggregate, we're going to accelerate revenues in tthey September quarter as compared to tthey June quarter and will decelerate on tthey Services side. And so we see tthey digital advertising cloud, if you will, continuing in tthey current quarter. Krish Sankar Got it, got it. Very theylpful. And ttheyn a quick follow-up on tthey lockdown in China during tthey June quarter. Do you actually see any noticeable negative effects on your App Store revenue for tthey region or any positive effects like maybe more gaming downloads? Tim Cook China had very good results on Services last quarter. And so ttheyy grew strong double digit better than tthey company average, and ttheyy set a new June quarter revenue record during tthey quarter. Tejas Gala Thank you. A replay of today's call will be available for 2 weeks as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 8820355. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.