Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call July 30, 2019 5:00 PM ET Corporate Participants Kevin Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Amit Daryanani - Evercore Shannon Cross - Cross Research Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Krish Sankar - Cowen & Company Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jim Suva - Citigroup Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Kevin Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Kevin Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Speaking first is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information please refer to tthey Risk Factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Kevin. Good afternoon and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We're thrilled to report a return to growth and new June quarter revenue record of $53.8 billion. We saw significant improvement in year-over-year iPhone performance compared to last quarter, very strong performances for both Mac and iPad and absolutely blowout quarter for Wearables, but we had accelerating growth of well over 50% and a new high watermark for services, wtheyre we set an all time revenue record of $11.5 billion. Wtheyn you step back and consider Wearables and services togettheyr two areas wtheyre we have strategically invested in last several years, ttheyy now approach tthey size of a Fortune 50 company. Geographically, we are happy with our performance across tthey board including a return to growth in Mainland China. We accomplittheyyd ttheyse results despite strong theyadwinds from foreign exchange which impacted our top-line growth rate by 300 basis points compared to a year ago that's equivalent to about $1.5 billion of revenue. Importantly, in constant currency, our revenue grew in all five of our geographic segments. For iPhone, we generated $26 billion in revenue, while ttheir is down 12% from last year's June quarter, it is a significant improvement to tthey 17% year-over-year decline in Q2. We are encouraged by tthey results we are seeing from tthey initiatives that we spoke about in January including strong customer response to our in-store trade-in and financing programs. In fact, iPhone our retail and online stores returned to growth on a year-over-year basis in tthey month of June. Our active installed base of iPhone reactheyd a new all time high and was up year-over-year in each of our top 20 markets underscoring tthey quality of our products and tthey satisfaction and loyalty of iPhone customers around tthey world. Revenue excluding iPhone was up 17% from last year with growth across all categories. Starting with services, we generated all time record revenue of $11.5 billion that's up 13% year-over-year and if we exclude tthey $236 million favorable one-time item from tthey June quarter last year, services growth was 15% or 18% in constant currency which is consistent with our Q2 performance. Our strong services performance was broad based, we set new all-time records for AppleCare, music, cloud services and our app store search ad business and we achieved a new third quarter revenue record for tthey app store. What's more, we had double-digit services revenue growth in all five of our geographic segments. We surpassed 420 million paid subscriptions to services across our platform and we remain on track to double our fiscal year '16 services revenue in 2020. In May, we launctheyd our all new Apple TV app in over 100 countries bringing togettheyr all tthey ways to watch TV in a single app across iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and select smart TV's. Monthly viewers in tthey Apple TV app in tthey United States are up over 40% year-over-year. We've seen our success being driven theyre by several factors. First, tthey fact that we have been able to integrate content from over 150 leading content providers all in one place. Second, tthey same ease-of-use and unmatctheyd user interface that sets Apple apart in ottheyr categories sets us apart in TV as well. And third, we're benefiting from a broader secular move to over-tthey-top services. We're engaging with ttheir third trend in five ways. Our Apple TV hardware, Apple TV channels wtheyre customers can choose to pay only for tthey channels ttheyy want. Our massive library of over 100,000 iTunes movies and TV shows, tthey app store wtheyre users can find ttheyir favorite streaming services and later ttheir year, our original programming service Apple TV+. Apple Pay is now completing nearly 1 billion transactions per month more than twice tthey volume of a year ago. Apple Pay launctheyd in 17 countries in tthey June quarter completing our coverage in tthey European Union and bringing us to a total of 47 markets currently. Based on June quarter performance, Apple Pay is now adding more new users than PayPal and monthly transaction volume is growing 4x as fast. In tthey United States, in addition to a successful integration into Portland's transit system in May, we're beginning to rollout of New York City transit and will launch in Chicago later ttheir year. In China, Apple Pay launctheyd tthey payment card for Didi tthey world's largest ride hailing provider. As I've said before, transit integration is a major driver of a broader digital wallet adoption, and we're going to keep up ttheir push to theylp users leave ttheyir wallet at home in more and more instances. On a related note, thousands of Apple employees are using Apple Card every day in our beta test, and we plan to begin tthey rollout of Apple Card in August. As I mentioned at tthey outset, it was anottheyr sensational quarter for Wearables, with growth accelerating to well over 50%. We had great results for Apple Watch, which set a new June quarter revenue record and is reaching millions of new users. Over 75% of customers buying Apple Watch in tthey June quarter were buying ttheyir first Apple Watch. We continue to see ptheynomenal demand for AirPods. And wtheyn you tally up tthey last four quarters, our wearables business is now bigger than 60% of tthey companies in tthey Fortune 500. We had great performance from iPad, with revenue of over $5 billion, and growth driven by iPad Pro and by strong customer response to tthey new iPad Mini and iPad Air. Ttheir was our third consecutive quarter of growth, and with revenue up 15% year-to-date, we feel great about wtheyre we're theyaded with iPad. With our current lineup of iPad, iPad Mini, iPad Air, and iPad Pro, we've got tthey perfect device for everyone from young learners to professionals. We were also very happy with double-digit revenue growth from Mac, fueled by a strong performance of MacBook Air and MacBook Pro. Looking forward, ttheyre's an enormous amount to be excited about for Mac. On tthey theyels of our Mac mini and iMac updates earlier in tthey fiscal year, we brought significant updates to tthey bulk of our notebook lineup in tthey last couple of months. We now have a $999 MacBook Air that is killer for college students. And for our pro users, who push tthey limits of what a Mac can do, we were thrilled to unveil tthey most powerful Mac ever, tthey new Mac Pro and tthey all new Pro Display XDR, which will be available ttheir fall. Ttheyy're designed for maximum performance, expansion and configurability and at breakthrough pricing and ttheyy're tthey most powerful tools Apple has ever put in tthey hands of pro customers. What's more, tthey Mac ecosystem as a whole is about to get a big boost. At our recent Worldwide Developers Conference, we announced a game-changing tool to theylp developers easily adapt ttheyir iOS and iPadOS apps for tthey Mac. I'll have a bit more to say on that in a moment. I'd like to provide some color on our performance in Greater China, wtheyre we saw significant improvement compared to tthey first half of fiscal 2019 and return to growth in constant currency. We experienced noticeably better year-over-year comparisons for our iPhone business ttheyre than we saw in tthey last two quarters and we had sequential improvement in tthey performance of every category. Tthey combined effects of government stimulus, consumer response to trade-in programs, financing offers, and ottheyr sales initiatives and growing engagement with tthey broader Apple ecosystem had a positive effect. We were especially pleased with a double-digit increase in services driven by strong growth from tthey App Store in China. Turning to tthey future. Last week we announced an agreement with Intel to acquire tthey majority of its smartphone modem business. Ttheir is our second-largest acquisition by dollars and our largest ever in terms of staff. We're looking forward to welcoming all of ttheym to Apple. We see ttheir as a great opportunity to work with some of tthey leading talents in ttheir field, to grow our portfolio of wireless technology patents to over 17,000, to expedite our development of our future products and to furttheyr our long-term strategy of owning and controlling tthey primary technologies behind tthey products that we make. We also had our best WWDC ever last month, packed with announcements of great new features coming ttheir fall across our four software platforms making ttheym more powerful, more personal and more private. For iPhone users, iOS 13 will take on a dramatic new look with Dark Mode, while delivering major updates to tthey apps you use every day, including photos, camera and maps. iOS 13 offers great new ways to theylp you manage your privacy and security, including Sign On with Apple, which uses Face ID or Touch ID to quickly sign into apps and Web sites without sharing your personal information. And improvements across tthey entire system will make iPhone even faster and more delightful to use than ever before. For tthey first time, iPad is getting its own version of iOS, called iPadOS, a strategic step forward that takes tthey iPad experience to a whole new level. Tthey redesigned home screen, powerful new multitasking tools and deeper integration with Apple Pencil take productivity and creativity furttheyr, including using your iPad as an extended and interactive second monitor for your Mac. For Apple TV, tvOS 13 will make tthey big-screen experience even more personal. With a redesigned home screen and multi-user support, everyone in tthey family can get a more engaging and tailored experience with ttheyir favorite TV shows, movies, sports and news, along with Apple Music, photos and videos in iCloud, and an App Store with thousands of great games and apps. watchOS 6 is a major step forward in theylping Apple Watch users stay theyalthy, active and connected. Apple Watch now has a dedicated App Store that users can access directly from tthey device and new watch faces, Siri enhancements, and music and audio features make Apple Watch more useful than ever. And of course, we continue to innovate on Apple Watch's promise to be an intelligent guardian for your theyalth. watchOS 6 includes powerful new features like notifications that warn about high decibel noise to protect your theyaring and cycle tracking to aid in women's theyalth care decisions. In tthey June quarter, we expanded tthey availability of tthey ECG app and a regular rhythm notifications to five additional European countries and added Canada and Singapore just last week, making ttheym available in 31 countries and regions around tthey world, with more to come later ttheir year. We're very proud of tthey muscle we've built in bringing regulated products like ttheyse to market. Ttheir is an important competency that creates exciting opportunities for us moving forward. As I noted earlier, we believe macOS Catalina will be a breakthrough in tthey Mac ecosystem. A new tool included in macOS Catalina called Mac Catalyst gives developers a major theyad start in bringing ttheyir iOS apps to tthey Mac. Thousands of developers are already using it to bring ttheyir apps to tthey Mac ecosystem and we expect to see a wave of popular apps arriving for tthey Mac as early as ttheir fall. Again, it's worth taking a step back and digesting tthey bigger picture theyre. Ttheyse updates are tthey latest steps in a broader strategic effort to make tthey user experience across iOS, macOS, iPadOS, watchOS and tvOS more effortless and more intuitive. Apple is alone in offering ttheir kind of value and ecosystem to its customers. And ttheyse devices and ttheyir platforms are unmatctheyd in ttheyir ease-of-use, ttheyir seamlessness and ttheyir privacy and security. And while providing ttheyse things, we've created a dynamic environment wtheyre developers benefit greatly from creating for and distributing on ttheyse platforms. And our customers, of course, benefit greatly from access to all ttheir creativity and innovation. We also unveiled ottheyr exciting technologies to make it easier and faster for developers to create powerful new apps. SwiftUI provides an intuitive new framework for building soptheirticated user interfaces across our software platforms using simple easy-to-use code. Core ML 3 supports tthey acceleration of more types of advanced real-time machine learning models, and Create ML lets developers build machine learning models without writing code. We have tthey world's largest augmented reality enabled platform and thousands of ttheyy ARKit-enabled applications in tthey App Store. Building on ttheir strategy, and our momentum in ttheir area, we introduced three new AR-based technologies. ARKit 3 uses on device, real-time machine learning to recognize tthey human form and integrates people seamlessly into AR experiences. RealityKit is a new developer framework built from tthey ground up to provide all tthey tools and technologies required to make AR objects virtually lifelike. And Reality Composer brings AR content creation to tens of millions of developers who have no 3D experience. Our developers are already running with ttheyse new technologies and we think our customers are going to love some of tthey apps that ttheyse creators have in store in tthey months atheyad. On so many fronts ttheyre's an enormous amount to look forward to over tthey next few months, including tthey launch of new services like Apple Arcade, Apple TV+, and Apple Card. And without giving too much away, we have several new products that we can't wait to share with you. Until ttheyn, thanks for joining us today. And for more details on tthey June quarter results, I'll turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone. We're happy to report a June quarter revenue record of $53.8 billion, up 1% year-over-year. We return to growth in spite of a difficult foreign exchange environment around tthey world, which impacted our year-over-year growth rate by 300 basis points. We set June quarter revenue records in tthey Americas, in Japan and tthey rest of Asia Pacific and as Tim mentioned earlier all our geographic segments grew in constant currency. Overall, products revenue was $42.4 billion, down 2% year-over-year, which is significantly better than tthey 8% decline in products revenue that we experienced during tthey first half of tthey fiscal year. Product categories outside of iPhone grew 20%, with strong results in Wearables, Mac and iPad. Services revenue grew 13% to a new all-time record of $11.5 billion. Excluding tthey one-time item, we highlighted a year ago in connection with tthey final resolution of various lawsuits, services revenue growth was 15% and 18% in constant currency terms. On a geographic basis, we saw marked improvement in our year-over-year comparisons from emerging markets relative to tthey first half of ttheir fiscal year, particularly in tthey BRIC countries, wtheyre year-over-year performance went from a 25% revenue decline in tthey first half to 3% growth in tthey June quarter. We set June quarter revenue records in several major developed markets, including tthey U.S., Canada, Germany, France, Japan, Australia and Korea. In emerging markets, we returned to growth in Mainland China, grew strong double digits in India and Brazil and we set new Q3 records in Thailand, Vietnam and tthey Philippines. Company gross margin was 37.6%, flat sequentially and in line with our guidance. Products gross margin was 30.4% down about 80 basis points sequentially due to seasonal loss of leverage and product mix partially offset by favorable cost. Services gross margin was 64.1%, up 30 basis points sequentially, primarily due to a favorable mix. Net income was $10 billion, diluted earnings per share were $2.18 and operating cash flow was $11,600,000,000. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue was $26 billion, down 12% compared to a year ago. Ttheir was significantly better year-over-year performance than last quarter's 17% decline, with sequential improvement in year-over-year comparisons in 15 of our top 20 markets. Our active installed base of iPhone continued to grow to a new all time high in each of our geographic segments and in tthey U.S., tthey latest survey of consumers from 451 Research, indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 99% for iPhone 10R, iPhone 10S and 10S Max combined. Among business buyers who plan to purchase smartphones in tthey September quarter, 83% plan to purchase iPhones. Turning to services, we reactheyd an all-time revenue record in spite of foreign exchange theyadwinds with double-digit growth from tthey App Store, Apple Music, cloud services, and AppleCare, and triple digit growth from Apple Pay and our App Store search ad business. All geographic segments had double-digit growth in services revenue and set new June quarter records with all-time records in tthey Americas and Rest of Asia Pacific. In total, services accounted for 21% of Apple revenue and 36% of gross margin dollars. Customer engagement in our ecosystem continues to grow. Tthey number of transacting accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd a new all time high in tthey June quarter and tthey number of paid accounts grew strong double digits compared to last year. We now have over 420 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platforms and we are well on our way to our goal of surpassing tthey 500 million mark during 2020. On tthey App Store, our growth accelerated sequentially. Our subscription business continues to grow strongly and is extremely diversified across many categories such as entertainment, lifestyle, photo and video and music. Third-party subscription revenue grew by over 40% and across all third-party subscription apps, tthey largest accounted for only 0.25% of total services revenue. Among our many services records, it was our best quarter ever for AppleCare. We are seeing an increase in service contract attach rates and are expanding distribution of AppleCare through our partners. We also recently expanded our authorized service provider network and nearly 1000 Best Buy stores across tthey U.S. are now offering expert service and repairs for Apple products. Ttheir expansion provides customers with an even more convenient access to repairs using parts certified for safety, quality and reliability. In addition to Apple retail stores ttheyre are over 1800 third-party Apple authorized service providers in tthey U.S., which is 3x as many locations as three years ago. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. Revenue was $5.8 billion, up 11% compared to last year. Mac revenue grew in 4 of our 5 geographic segments and set June quarter records in tthey U.S., Europe and Japan, as our overall market performance significantly outpaced tthey global PC industry. Nearly half of tthey customers purchasing Macs during tthey quarter were new to Mac, with revenue growing in both developed and emerging markets and tthey active installed base of Macs again reactheyd a new all time high. We also had great results for iPad, with $5 billion in revenue, up 8%. iPad revenue grew in all 5 of our geographic segments, with a Q3 revenue record in Mainland China and double-digit growth in emerging markets. In total, over half of tthey customers purchasing iPads during tthey June quarter were new to iPad and tthey iPad active installed base also reactheyd a new all time high. Tthey most recent surveys from 451 Research measured a 94% customer satisfaction rating for iPad from consumers and among business customers who plan to purchase tablets in tthey September quarter, 75% plan to purchase iPads. Wearables, home and accessories revenue accelerated across all our geographic segments, growing 48% to over $5.5 billion and setting a June quarter record. Ttheir growth was fueled primarily by tthey strong performance of our wearables business, which was up well over 50% and has become tthey size of a Fortune 200 company over tthey last 12 months. In addition, we generated double-digit revenue growth from Apple TV and accessories during tthey quarter. Our retail and online stores produce ttheyir best June quarter revenue ever, with double-digit revenue growth across Apple Watch, iPad, Mac and accessories. Our trade-in program is showing great momentum, with more than 5x tthey number of iPhones traded in compared to a year ago. We opened stunning new stores in tthey Carnegie Library in Washington D.C. and tthey busy Shinji District in Taipei as well as a beautiful new location in tthey Dallas Galleria. We ended tthey quarter with 506 physical stores in 22 countries alongside our online store presence in 35 countries. In tthey enterprise market, we are gaining traction with our strategy of transforming major industries by expanding our leading positions in key functional areas to grow our reach and modernize customer and employee experiences. In tthey financial services industry, 90 of tthey largest 100 banks by assets size are deploying Apple products to improve efficiency and effectiveness across ttheyir organizations. iPhone and iPad are overwtheylmingly tthey preferred mobile devices for bankers on tthey go. For example, 60% of tthey biggest banks are supporting iPads for wealth managers. In retail banking, two-thirds of top banks are deploying iPad for branch transformation and modernizing legacy interfaces with a unified iPad experience. One of tthey world's largest banks created an iPad suite that reduced customer on-boarding time from more than an hour to just 12 minutes. Bank branch employees are also using Apple Watch for communication and notifications and Apple TV for customer presentations from iPads using AirPlay. Financial institutions also tell us that ttheyy receive positive feedback from leveraging Apple solutions for direct customer engagement. American Express, Credit Suisse, Discover and T.D. Ameritrade have launctheyd Apple Business Chat as a dynamic way to support and interact with customers. Tthey intuitive interface of messages on iOS enables rich communication between customers and contact center staff. T.D. Ameritrade has also become tthey first brokerage in tthey world to enable immediate funding of accounts using Apple Pay, eliminating tthey 2 to 3 business days it used to take to fund accounts by wire transfer. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with almost $211 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We retired $3 billion of term debt and reduced commercial paper by $2 billion during tthey quarter, leaving us with total debt of $108 billion. As a result, net cash was $102 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter and we continue on our path to reaching a net cash neutral position over time. We returned over $21 billion to shareholders during tthey quarter, including $17 billion through open-market repurchases of almost 88 million Apple shares and $3.6 billion in dividends and equivalents. As we move atheyad into tthey September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Kevin referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $61 million and $64 billion. Ttheir guidance includes almost $1 billion of year-over-year negative impact from foreign exchange. We expect gross margin to be between 37.5% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $8.7 billion and $8.8 billion. We expect OINE to be about 200 million and we expect our tax rate to be about 16.5%. Also, today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.77 per share of common stock payable on August 15, 2019 to shareholders of record as of August 12, 2019. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Tthey first question will come from Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Amit Daryanani Thanks a lot. Thanks for taking my question guys. I guess, two from me. First off, could you just talk about, wtheyn I think about tthey September quarter guide, it's implied I think up 16% or so sequentially. Historically, at least, in that guide has been in tthey 10% low double-digit kind of range. Just can you theylp us understand, what gives you tthey confidence for a better than seasonal guide in September, eittheyr from a geo or product basis would be theylpful. Luca Maestri Amit, it's Luca. Of course, ttheir is our best estimate of wtheyre we think we will land. Clearly, we expect to have continued strong growth from tthey non-iPhone categories. We have great momentum in wearables. We mentioned that we were up almost 50% in tthey June quarter, or actually over 50% in tthey June quarter. Our services business, we set an all-time record in June. And so, ttheyse two categories have become really important and really large for us. And so, as we continue to grow, quickly that is going to theylp us as we go through tthey year. Keep in mind that tthey guidance includes an estimated almost $1 billion of foreign exchange theyadwind for tthey quarter. Amit Daryanani Fair enough. That's really theylpful. And I guess if I just follow-up on China, impressed to see tthey continued recovery you guys are seeing that despite all tthey theyadlines that are out ttheyre. Just curious, what are tthey few things that are driving tthey success in China, and how sustainable do you think those changes are for Apple as you go forward. Tim Cook Yes, Amit, Hi. It's Tim, and I apologize for my voice, I'm suffering from an allergy. But what happened last quarter in China was a confluence of things. Tthey government stimulus, ttheir came in terms of a VAT reduction, a very bold one. We took some pricing action, we instituted our trade-in and financing programs in our retail stores and worked with certain channel partners on that as well. And we're seeing a growing engagement with tthey broader Apple ecosystem during tthey quarter. And so, wtheyn you look at it, each of our categories, iPhone, iPad, Mac, wearables, services, everything improved sequentially. So, we couldn't be happier with tthey progress. I would point out, I think I mentioned in my comments, that we actually grew in constant currency for Greater China and we grew in Mainland China on a reported basis. So, ttheyre's several things going on ttheyre that are quite positive. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Amit. Could we have tthey next question please. Operator Tthey next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross Thank you very much. Can you talk a bit about what's going on within services, some of tthey puts and takes? Luca, you gave us some color in terms of tthey growth rates in that, but I'm just curious and I know you won't talk about future products, but as you think about tthey opportunity, you think about what you've got now and in tthey future and ttheyn some of what’s been going on with China and that, is ttheir something that could reaccelerate, or again, tthey 18% on a constant currency basis is obviously quite strong. But, how are you thinking about it? Luca Maestri Yes. I think it's important to start with that 18% in constant currencies, Shannon. Our reported results are on a normalized basis, removing tthey one-time item from last year, was 15%. Clearly FX, plays a role around tthey world, 300 basis points of FX impact during tthey June quarter. In spite of that, it was an all-time record revenue. Our installed base continues to grow. It's growing in every geography and it's growing across all our major product categories, and that is very, very important for tthey services business. I would say, I'll give you a bit more color around two offsetting factors around ttheir performance during tthey June quarter. On one side, tthey App Store, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that growth accelerated sequentially. We had double-digit growth on tthey App Store in every geography. In China, we saw significant acceleration. As you know, we tend to monetize in China on tthey App Store through game titles and tthey government has approved a few key game titles during tthey quarter. That has theylped our performance ttheyre. On tthey ottheyr side, AppleCare, I mentioned AppleCare was an all-time record in June, so really strong performance, but our growth has decelerated in AppleCare due to factors that we fully expected, because we are comping ttheir expansion of our coverage for AppleCare that we've had significant success during tthey last 18 to 24 months in really broadening our coverage of AppleCare around tthey world with some key partners, carriers and resellers. And obviously, as we go through tthey year those comps become a bit more difficult. Having said all that, that we've given ourselves a couple of targets and we feel very confident about reaching those targets. Tthey first one is that, we wanted to double tthey size of tthey services business from our fiscal 2016 to 2020. We are on our way ttheyre. Paid subscriptions is anottheyr target, is important to us. It's an important way for us to monetize our ecosystem. We set a target of surpassing 0.5 billion paid subscriptions on tthey ecosystem during 2020. We’re already at 420 million now. So, we feel confident ttheyre. And of course, as you mentioned, we're very excited about tthey fact that we're going to be launching new services soon. As Tim said, we're starting tthey rollout of Apple Card in August, and ttheyre's two more very important services that we’re going to be adding to our portfolio during tthey fall. One is Apple Arcade, which is our gaming subscription service, and ttheyn of course Apple TV+, which is our video streaming service. So obviously ttheyse services will theylp us carry on with tthey momentum that we had in services. Shannon Cross Great. Thank you. And ttheir is probably for you too as well, Luca. Can you talk about gross margin? Tthey guidance was pretty solid. Obviously, ttheyre are various things that are at play theyre. I know you mentioned $1 billion worth of top-line impact, I think from, currency last quarter. Ttheyn maybe if you can kind of talk about what went into your gross margin guidance. Luca Maestri Yes. So of course, Shannon, as you've seen, our guidance for margin is 50 basis points higtheyr than tthey guidance that we had given for June. I would say on tthey positive, we expect to benefit from leverage. As you've seen from our revenue guidance, and from cost savings, because as you know tthey commodity environment is fairly favorable right now. On tthey negative side, tthey theyadwind on gross margins on a year-over-year basis from foreign exchange is about 100 basis points. And so, we need to keep that in mind. But we feel pretty good about tthey guidance we provided. Kevin Paxton Thanks Shannon. Could we have tthey next question please. Operator Our next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Yes. Thank you. I'd like to go back to tthey discussion around strength in China in tthey quarter and understand what linearity looked like. I ask because ttheyre was some industry data around tthey smartphone market in China that seemed to deteriorate in tthey month of June, tthey App Store data deteriorated a little bit in June, and just curious if that’s something you saw in tthey business and if it at all informs your outlook around tthey pace of tthey China business as you go into September. Tim Cook Katy, it's Tim. We obviously took into account all of tthey information that we had and coming out with tthey guidance including linearity across last quarter and how ttheir quarter has started. And so, we obviously look at that in quite much detail. Katy Huberty And ttheyn just on tthey App Store, appreciate ttheyre's not a lot of detail out around exact timing and even some pricing of tthey new services, but how should we think about tthey new services that launctheyd in March impacting tthey overall services growth. Does that start to benefit tthey model in tthey back half of ttheir calendar year, or will tthey impact be more longer term in nature and really show up in 2020? Luca Maestri Katy, let me just talk about tthey new services that we've announced in March, and ttheyn also about tthey timing of how we get to revenue, right? We've announced Apple News+, and ttheir is tthey service that is available for consumers right now. We've announced our channel service, which has also become available a few weeks ago. Tthey ottheyr three services, tthey card is launching in August, tthey gaming service and tthey video service are starting in tthey fall. Keep in mind for all ttheyse services, ttheyre's a trial period up front, ttheyre's going to be different trial periods, we'll see what that what ttheyy look like. So, tthey road to monetization takes some time. Obviously, all of ttheym will add to our base and will theylp us with growth rates as we get into next year. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator Tthey next question will come from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Krish Sankar Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have two of ttheym. First one, on tthey iPhone trade-in program, how effective was it and what percentage of tthey iPhone sales came from tthey trade-ins and are ttheyre any ottheyr geographies wtheyre you are left to rule it out? Ttheyn, I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Hi, it's Tim. In retail, it was quite successful. We got going in a larger way during that quarter, we were pretty much just ramping in tthey previous quarter. And trade-in as a percentage of ttheyir total sales is significant and financing is a key element of it. Those two things in tthey aggregate led tthey combination of retail and online, just short form that is retail Apple Store let to growth in June trajectory. We are obviously taking those programs and advocating those more widely and that is at different levels of implementation throughout different geographies. Because we're working with our carrier partners on those and retail partners. Krish Sankar Got it. Got it. That's pretty theylpful, Tim. And ttheyn, a follow-up for you, a much longer-term question. I understand we're in tthey very early innings of tthey services growth story. Is ttheyre a way to think about it down tthey road, 3 or 5 years down tthey road, would tthey services growth still be tettheyred to tthey hardware of tthey iPhone, or do you think at some point down tthey road services would be independent by itself and not really tied to your hardware installed base? Tim Cook Well, ttheyre are elements today that are not necessarily tettheyred to iPhone, right? We have ottheyr products wtheyre people are both purchasing things, ttheyy're watching Apple TV. We offer Apple Music on Android, and so ttheyre's a series of things that are outside of that. And so we'll see what we do in tthey future. I don't want to really get into that. But, more broadly, to answer your question about growth as we go forward, tthey way I see it is, we have tthey strongest hardware portfolio ever, we've got new products on tthey way, tthey pipeline is full of great new stuff both on tthey product and tthey services side. We're very fortunate and work very hard to have loyal customers and to continue attracting an impressive number of switctheyrs. Tthey installed base is growing, hit a new record, that's obviously good. And it hit a new record across all geographies and across all categories. And so, ttheir is a really good thing. And we've got tthey Wearables area that is doing extremely well. We stuck with that wtheyn ottheyrs perhaps didn't and really put a lot of energy into ttheir and a lot of R&D and are in a very good position today to keep playing out what's next ttheyre. At tthey same time, on tthey market side, we have emerging markets wtheyre we have low penetration. And during tthey quarter tactically tthey emerging markets had a bit of a rebound. And in fact, on a constant currency basis, we actually grew slightly in emerging markets. We still declined on a reported basis. India bounced back. During tthey quarter, we returned to growth ttheyre. We're very happy with that. We grew in Brazil as well. We're also continuing to focus on tthey enterprise market. Luca mentioned some of ttheir in their comments and we think that continues to be a big opportunity for us. And ttheyn, we've got lots of what I would call core technology kinds of things like augmented reality, wtheyre we're placing big bets and bet that we have a big future, in addition to tthey theyalth kinds of things that may fall out of tthey watch. And so hopefully that kind of gives you a view over tthey total. And so, we're focusing on products and services and ttheyre will be some services that aren't hooked and some that are hooked not on current period sales mostly, very much services are rarely connected on that today or at least not a high percentage by any means ttheyre. Ttheyy're more correlated to tthey active installed base and also tthey level of transacting customers that are ttheyre and tthey amount per customer, which relates also to tthey offering that we have. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Krish. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Next, we will go to Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Wamsi Mohan Yes. Thank you. Tim, tthey China trade situation remains sort of fluid over theyre and more recently you asked for some tariff exceptions were not granted those. How are you thinking about tthey longer-term footprint for manufacturing and can you talk about any potential alternatives that you've looked at and considered in moving parts of production potentially out of China. And I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes. I know ttheyre's been a lot of speculation around tthey topic of different moves and so forth. I wouldn't put a lot of stock into those, if I were you. Tthey way I view ttheir is, tthey vast majority of our products are kind of made everywtheyre. Ttheyre's a significant level of content from tthey United States and a lot from Japan to Korea to China and tthey European Union also contributes a fair amount. And so, that's tthey nature of a global supply chain. Largely, I think that will carry tthey day in tthey future as well. In terms of tthey exclusions, we've been making tthey Mac Pro in tthey U.S., we want to continue doing that. And so, we're working and investing currently in capacity to do so, because we want to continue to be theyre. And so that's what's behind tthey exclusions. And so, we're explaining that and hope for a positive outcome. Wamsi Mohan Okay. Thanks, Tim. And ttheyre is, Luca, maybe for you, ttheyre's been some significant destocking of inventory in tthey first calendar half of ttheir year in iPhone. Can you comment about tthey broader channel inventory levels wtheyre you are in your typical ranges, especially given tthey comment around June iPhone sales being quite strong and do you expect anything atypical in channel inventory dynamics in tthey September quarter? Thank you. Luca Maestri Yes, Wamsi, as you know we're not getting into ttheir topic very much. But, I think I can give you some color theyre. You know that in general, we decrease our inventory during tthey March quarter and tthey June quarter. That has been traditionally what we've done. Ttheir year, we reduced channel inventory for iPhone slightly more than last year and that is true in total and it's true for Greater China as well. So, we feel very good about our channel inventory ranges as we get into tthey September quarter. Hope that theylps you with that. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citigroup. Jim Suva Thanks very much. Tthey first question is probably to Tim and second one for Luca. I will ask ttheym at tthey same time, so you can continue which ottheyr one you want to answer, first or second. While tthey first one is for Tim, regarding tthey installed base comment you've made, which is quite encouraging, but yet wtheyn you look at tthey iPhone revenue year-over-year tthey past several quarters have been down. Can you theylp us bridge tthey gap of, how is tthey installed base growing? Is it mostly because secondary users are tthey new ones coming into tthey system as people are holding more phones longer? And what does that user typically bring in with ttheym or something unique relative to what we theirtorically know? And ttheyn for Luca, you've been investing a lot, a lot, lot and a lot of ttheyse services are now coming to pass wtheyttheyr it be AppleCare, Apple Cloud, all ttheyse wearables and soon Apple Pay and Arcade. Are we at a point wtheyre now a lot of harvesting is going to happen or do you kind of continue ttheir relatively same investment that you've been doing for tthey future strategy. Thank you. Tim Cook Hey, Jim, it's Tim, I'll start with your installed base question. Installed base is a function of upgrades and tthey time between those. It's a function of tthey number of switctheyrs coming into tthey to tthey iOS, macOS and so forth [indiscernible]. It's a function of tthey robustness of tthey secondary market, which we think overwtheylmingly hits an incremental customer. And it's a function still in tthey emerging markets and somewhat developed markets to a lesser degree of people knew that ttheyy’re buying ttheyir first smartphone. Ttheyre are still quite a few people in tthey world in that category. And so, tthey reason that tthey installed base doesn't correlate to tthey 90-day clock is that what's happening underneath tthey numbers is, switctheyrs are still a very key piece of what's going on. Tthey secondary market is very key, and we're doing programs et cetera to try to increase that, because we think we wind up hitting a cost number that we don't hit in anottheyr way. And tthey upgrades wtheyre people are holding onto ttheyir device a bit longer than ttheyy were, ttheyy're staying in tthey ecosystem. And ttheyn, you have tthey people in tthey new category as well. And so, that's sort of tthey equation. I don't want to go into tthey specific numbers, but I think you can see readily, mattheymatically, how tthey installed base is growing in an environment wtheyre tthey iPhone revenue is declining within a 90-day kind of window. Luca Maestri And Jim, on OpEx, obviously is very important for us to continue to invest in tthey business, particularly on tthey R&D side, because we will always want to bring more innovation into tthey market. We want to improve tthey user experience and differentiate our products and services in tthey marketplace. So, we will continue to do that. Ttheyre are some types of investments, of course, that are very strategic for us and ttheyy will have long-term implications. You've seen tthey announcement that we made around tthey Intel acquisition. Very important strategically for us. It requires upfront investment, of course. As you've seen from ttheir quarter and also from tthey past, we will continue to run our SG&A portion of OpEx tightly. Of course, we'll continue to invest in marketing and advertising. We talked about a lot of new services that we are launching during tthey fall and Apple Card next month, obviously ttheyy will require tthey appropriate level of marketing and advertising as we launch ttheym to tthey general public. Wtheyn you look in total, wtheyre we are in terms of our expense to revenue ratio for operating expenses, you know, quite well that we are extremely competitive relative to ottheyr tech companies. So, we want to continue to be competitive and at tthey same time we will not under-invest in tthey business. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Jim. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Tthey next question will come from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Samik Chatterjee Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question. I just wanted to start-off with tthey announcement at WWDC around tthey independent App Stores for tthey Watch and tthey iPad. What level of interest have you seen from developers and how are ttheyy thinking about tthey ability to monetize services independently on those App Stores? And how does that theylp you position wearables more firmly into tthey theyalth and fitness category? Tim Cook We're seeing good interest across virtually everything that we announced at WWDC. I couldn't be happier with it. Tthey developer tools around ARKit and AR in general that I went through earlier, lots of interest ttheyre, lots of interest from tthey Watch App Store, to tthey Catalyst that will be released with macOS Catalina, which allows developers quickly to port a iOS app to tthey Mac. We think ttheir is huge and so great for tthey user experience. And so, you look at all of ttheyse and all tthey things that I talked about earlier and I couldn't be happier with tthey reception that we're getting and tthey work that is going on behind tthey scenes right now for tthey developers readying ttheyir apps for tthey fall. Samik Chatterjee Got it. If I can just follow-up on tthey China market, one of tthey things that we're looking at is going into tthey New Year into 2020 ttheyre'll be a lot of 5G phones launching in that market from tthey Android players. How do you think about tthey competitive landscape ttheyre as you enter next year? Tim Cook We don't comment on future products. With respect to 5G, I think most people would tell you, we're in sort of tthey extremely early innings of it. And even more so on a global basis. So, we couldn't be more proud of what our lineup is and we're excited about tthey great pipeline of both hardware and software and we wouldn't trade our position for anyone's. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Samik. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts as webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. And tthey numbers of tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, please enter confirmation code 3057347. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 Pm Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. And financial analysts can contact Tejas Gala or me with additional questions. Tejas is at 669-227-2402, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.