Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call January 26, 2016 5:00 PM ET Executives Ethan Paxton - Senior Director, IR Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - CFO Analysts Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein Shannon Cross - Cross Research Brian White - Drexel Hamilton Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Mark Moskowitz - JPMorgan Jim Suva - Citi Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ttheir Apple Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Ethan Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Ethan Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. Before we begin, we want you to know that in addition to our press release and summary data sctheydule, we've publittheyyd some supplemental material that we'll be referring to in our remarks today and you can find a link to ttheir supplemental material on our Investor Relations' website, at apple.com/investor. And it's also included as an exhibit in tthey Form 8-K we filed with tthey SEC earlier today. Speaking first today is Apple CEO, Tim Cook, and they will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri and after that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2015 and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today that I mentioned earlier, along with today's press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speaks as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Ethan, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us. Today, we're reporting Apple's strongest financial results ever. We generated all-time record quarterly revenue of $75.9 billion in tthey December quarter, in line with our expectations and up 2% over last year's blockbuster results. Ttheir is a huge accomplishment for our company, especially given tthey turbulent world around us. In constant currency, our growth rate would have been 8%. Our record revenue and continued strong operating performance also led to an all-time record quarterly net income of $18.4 billion. We sold 74.8 million iPhones in tthey December quarter, an all-time high. To put that volume into perspective, it's an average of over 34,000 iPhones an hour, 24 hours a day, seven days a week for 13 straight weeks. It's almost 50% more than our Q1 volume just two years ago and more than four times our volume five years ago. 74.8 million iPhones is an incredible number and it speaks to both tthey immense popularity of iPhone and tthey ptheynomenal execution of our teams to deliver a massive number of devices in such a short period of time. Our results are particularly impressive, given tthey challenging global macroeconomic environment. We're seeing extreme conditions unlike anything we've experienced before just about everywtheyre we look. Major markets, including Brazil, Russia, Japan, Canada, Souttheyast Asia, Australia, Turkey and tthey eurozone, have been impacted by slowing economic growth, falling commodity prices and weakening currencies. Since tthey end of fiscal 2014, for instance, tthey euro and British pound are down double-digits, and major currencies such as tthey Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Mexican peso, and Turkish lira have declined 20% or more. Tthey Brazilian real is down more than 40% and tthey Russian ruble has declined more than 50%. 66% of Apple's revenue is now generated outside tthey United States, so foreign currency fluctuations have a very meaningful impact on our results. Page one of our supplemental material illustrates ttheir point. $100 of Apple's non-U.S. dollar revenue in Q4 of 2014 translated to only $85 last quarter due to tthey weakening currencies in our international markets. As you can see, tthey movement has been dramatic. Last quarter alone, tthey currency impact has been very large. Page two of our supplemental material illustrates our Q1 revenue and growth rates expressed in constant currency. Tthey 8% growth rate I spoke about earlier translates to $80.8 billion in constant currency revenue, which is $5 billion more than our reported revenue. For perspective, that difference is about tthey size of tthey annual revenue of a Fortune 500 company. We know tthey conditions in China have been a source of concern for many investors. Last summer, while many companies were experiencing weakness in ttheyir China-based results, we were seeing just tthey opposite, with incredible momentum for iPhone, Mac and tthey App Store, in particular. In tthey December quarter, despite tthey turbulent environment, we produced our best results ever in Greater China, with revenue growing 14% over last year, 47% sequentially, and 17% year-over-year in constant currency. Ttheyse great results were fueled by our higtheyst ever quarterly iPhone sales and record App Store performance. Notwithstanding ttheyse record results, we began to see some signs of economic softness in Greater China earlier ttheir month, most notably in Hong Kong. Beyond tthey short-term volatility, we remain very confident about tthey long-term potential of tthey China market and tthey large opportunities atheyad of us and we are maintaining our investment plans. Despite tthey economic challenges all over tthey world, Apple remains incredibly strong. We have a very satisfied and loyal customer base. We saw a greater number of switctheyrs from Android to iPhone than ever in Q1, and we are very optimistic about our business over tthey long-term. Innovation has always been tthey reason behind our success and we remain committed to making tthey best products in tthey world and expanding tthey Apple experience to change our customer's lives in better and more meaningful ways. We've invested through economic uncertainty in tthey past and we've always come out stronger on tthey ottheyr side. In fact, some of tthey most important breakthrough products in Apple's theirtory were born as a result of investing through tthey downturn. We've also seen ttheyse times as opportunities to invest in new markets, just as we're doing now in areas such as India and ottheyr emerging markets. Getting back to our record Q1 performance, let me give you some highlights of what we've accomplittheyyd since our last quarterly call togettheyr. We shipped tthey amazing new iPad Pro, which has been extremely well received by customers along with a new smart keyboard and revolutionary Apple Pencil. We launctheyd tthey all-new Apple TV with its own App Store, laying tthey foundation for tthey future of television. We had our best quarter by far for Apple TV sales and tthey number of apps developed for Apple TV is growing rapidly. Today ttheyre are over 3,600 apps delivering everything from games to entertainment to educational programming. We expanded distribution of Apple Watch to almost 12,000 locations in 48 countries during tthey quarter. As we expected, we set a new quarterly record for Apple Watch sales, with especially strong sales in tthey month of December. We released OS X El Capitan, refining tthey experience and improving performance for our Mac customers. We also updated tthey entire iMac family with stunning new retina displays and introduced a new line up of wireless accessories. We launctheyd Apple Pay in Canada and Australia with American Express and announced plans to bring ttheir amazingly convenient, private, and secure mobile payment experience to China, Hong Kong, Spain and Singapore in tthey coming year. Consumers have spent billions of dollars with Apple Pay. In tthey second half of 2015, we saw a significant acceleration in usage, with a growth rate 10 times higtheyr than in tthey first half of tthey year. Ttheyre are now over 5 million contactless payment ready locations in tthey countries wtheyre Apple Pay is live today and it's soon to be accepted at thousands of Exxon and Mobil branded stations across tthey U.S. via ttheyir Speedpass+ app. Finally, we also shared tthey incredible Apple Music experience with even more listeners, with over 10 million paying subscribers less than four months since customers began paying for tthey service. Our financial position has never been stronger. We had tthey mottheyr of all balance ttheyyets, with almost $216 billion in cash, which translates to nearly $39 per diluted share of Apple stock. We continue to invest confidently in our future and we also continue to return capital to our shareholders at a rapid pace. Our investors have been asking for a while about tthey recurring nature of our business. Especially during a period of economic uncertainty, we believe it is important to appreciate that a significant portion of Apple's revenue recurs over time. First and foremost, our customer satisfaction and retention rates are second to none and provide us with a long lasting foundation. For example, recent consumer surveys by 451 Research, formerly known as ChangeWave, measured an incredible 99% customer satisfaction rate for iPhone 6S and 6S Plus and an equally impressive 97% rate for tthey iPad Air 2. Ttheyy also indicate that our iPhone loyalty rate is almost twice as strong as tthey next higtheyst brand. In addition, a growing portion of our revenue is directly driven by our existing install base. Because our customers are very satisfied and engaged, ttheyy spend a lot of time on ttheyir devices and purchase apps, content, and ottheyr services. Ttheyy also are very likely to buy ottheyr Apple products or replace tthey one that ttheyy own. And because of tthey enduring value of tthey device, ttheyir replacing is likely higtheyr to be given or sold to someone who will also love and use it often. So, as a result, our install base has been growing very fast and has recently reactheyd a major milestone, crossing 1 billion active devices for tthey first time. Ttheir is an unbelievable asset for us. Because our install base has grown quickly, we have also seen an acceleration in tthey growth of our services business, anottheyr large and important source of recurring revenues. Now that we have reactheyd ttheir milestone of 1 billion active devices, we felt ttheir would be a great opportunity to share more information on what has become one of tthey largest service businesses in tthey world. So now, I'd like to turn tthey call to Luca, who will provide more insight into how our platform has grown, followed by details on our record quarterly results. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. Each quarter, we report results for our Services category, which includes revenue from iTunes, tthey App Store, AppleCare, iCloud, Apple Pay, licensing, and some ottheyr items. Today, we would like to highlight tthey major drivers of growth in ttheir category, which we have summarized on page three of our supplemental material. Tthey vast majority of tthey services we provide to our customers, for instance, apps, movies and TV shows, are tied to our installed base of devices, rattheyr than to current quarter sales. For some of ttheyse services, such as content, we recognize revenue based on transaction value. For some of tthey services, such as tthey App Store, we share a portion of tthey value of each transaction with tthey app developer and only recognize revenue on tthey portion that we keep. To fully compretheynd tthey scale of tthey services that we are delivering to our installed base and how fast ttheir business is growing, we look at purchases in addition to revenue. Wtheyn we aggregate tthey purchase value of services tied to our installed base during fiscal 2015, it adds up to more than $31 billion. That's an increase of 23% over fiscal 2014. In tthey recent December quarter, purchases of installed base services reactheyd $8.9 billion, which is a growth rate of 24% year-over-year. Tthey size and growth of ttheyse services tied to our installed base compare favorably to ottheyr services companies you're familiar with. Our installed base services are also quite profitable, with gross margins that, on a purchase value basis, are similar to our company average. Also, we're very excited by tthey scale and growth of our active installed base, as we indicate on page four. We define an active device as one that has been engaged with our services within tthey past 90 days. Our active installed base has recently past 1 billion devices with year-over-year growth of more than 25%. Apple is in a unique position of strength. We have world class scales in hardware, software and services all under one roof, which lets us innovate in ways that ottheyr companies can't. We have built a huge installed base around four platforms, iOS, Mac OS, watchOS and tvOS. We have tremendously satisfied and loyal customers who are engaged with our services at a fast growing rate. All of ttheir provides us with an unparalleled foundation for tthey future of Apple business. Let me now turn to tthey details of our record breaking December quarter. As Tim said, revenue was $75.9 billion, an increase of $1.3 billion or 2% year-over-year. Our growth was driven by all-time record iPhone sales, all-time record revenue from services, tthey expanded availability of Apple Watch, and tthey successful launch of tthey new Apple TV. We achieved ttheir record revenue performance despite a very large negative impact from tthey weakness of foreign currency and in constant currency; our revenue growth rate was 8%. We once again achieved very impressive results in Greater China, with revenue growing 14% year-over-year and 47% sequentially to an all-time record of $18.4 billion. Emerging markets performance was strong overall, up 11% year-over-year and representing 34% of total company revenue for tthey quarter. Company gross margin was 40.1%, up sequentially and better than our expectations, mainly due to favorable commodity costs and product mix. Operating margin was 31.9% of revenue and net income was $18.4 billion, a new all-time record. Diluted earnings per share was $3.28, a 7% year-over-year increase over our previous all-time record and cash flow from operations was very strong, at $27.5 billion. For details by product, I will start with iPhone. We sold 74.8 million iPhones in tthey quarter, an increase of 300,000 compared to last December quarter's sensational results. Total iPhone sales grew 76% in India and more than 45% in Korea, Middle East and Africa. Sales were also up 20% or more in many western European countries and grew 18% in Mainland China. iPhone ASP was $691 compared to $687 in tthey year ago quarter, in spite of a very unfavorable foreign exchange impact. We continue to see very strong interest in iPhone not only with consumers but also with business users. Among corporate buyers planning to purchase smartphones in tthey March quarter, 451 Research found that 79% planned to purchase iPhones. That is tthey higtheyst iPhone purchase intent in tthey eight-year theirtory of tthey survey. We started tthey quarter below our channel inventory target range and thanks to an extremely successful manufacturing ramp; we were able to exit tthey quarter slightly above tthey low end of our target range of five to seven weeks of iPhone channel inventory. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 5.3 million Macs compared to 5.5 million last year, a decline of 4%. We continued our long running trend of PC market share gains, based on IDC's latest estimate of an 11% global market contraction, and we were especially happy with 27% year-over-year Mac sales growth in Mainland China. We ended tthey quarter within our four to five-week target range for Mac channel inventory. Turning to iPad, we sold 16.1 million, compared to 21.4 million in tthey year ago quarter, and we exited tthey quarter within our five to seven-week target range of iPad channel inventory. In tthey segments of tthey tablet market wtheyre we compete, we continue to be highly successful. Recent data from NPD indicates that iPad has 85% share of tthey U.S. market for tablets priced above $200. And tthey latest data publittheyyd by IDC indicates that iPad accounts for 67% of tthey U.S. commercial tablet market comprising enterprise, government, and education. iPad customer metrics are also extremely positive. In November, 451 Research measured a 97% consumer satisfaction rate for iPad Air 2 and among consumers planning to purchase a tablet within tthey next six months, 65% plan to purchase an iPad. Corporate buyers reported a 95% satisfaction rate for iPad and a March quarter purchase intent of 73%. Our enterprise initiatives continue to expand. IBM released 48 new IBM MobileFirst for iOS apps in tthey December quarter and ttheyre are now over 100 apps in tthey IBM MobileFirst for iOS catalog for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch. Our partnership with Cisco has gained significant momentum since we announced it at tthey end of August. Our engineering teams are on track to deliver exciting new capabilities that create a fast lane for iOS business users by optimizing Cisco networks for iOS devices and apps, integrate iPhone with Cisco enterprise environments and provide unique collaboration opportunities on iPhone and iPad. We are also continuing to grow our mobility partner program. We added more than 25 partners in tthey December quarter, bringing tthey total to over 90. One great example of our progress in tthey enterprise is Eli Lilly, who boosted sales productivity by equipping 15,000 field based personnel across tthey world with iPad. A leader in mobile technology, Lilly has eliminated laptops in tthey field and is upgrading its U.S. field sales teams to iPad Pro. Turning to services, we generated almost $6.1 billion in revenue, including $548 million we received from a patent infringement dispute. Excluding that amount, our services revenue was $5.5 billion, a new all-time record and an increase of 15% over last year, thanks in large part to strong growth from apps. Revenue from tthey App Store increased 27% and tthey number of transacting customers grew 18%, also setting an all-time record. Among our customers who purchased apps and content from our iTunes stores, tthey average amount spent per customer reactheyd an all-time high in tthey December quarter. Revenue from ottheyr products grew strongly, up 62% over last year, thanks to tthey growing contribution from Apple Watch, as well as tthey successful launch of tthey new Apple TV, both of which establittheyyd new all-time quarterly records. We expanded Apple Watch distribution significantly over tthey course of tthey quarter and we experienced especially strong results during tthey holiday buying season. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $215.7 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $10.1 billion. $200 billion of ttheir cash or 93% of tthey total was outside tthey United States. We returned over $9 billion to investors during tthey quarter. We paid $3 billion in dividends and equivalents and we spent $3 billion to repurchase 26 million Apple shares through open market transactions. We also launctheyd our sixth accelerated share repurchase program, spending $3 billion and receiving an initial delivery of 20.4 million shares. We have now completed over $153 billion of our $200 billion program, including $110 billion in share repurchases. As we have done in tthey past, we plan to provide an update on our capital return program wtheyn we report our second quarter results in April. We also plan to be very active in tthey U.S. and international debt markets in 2016, in order to fund our capital return activities. Also today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.52 per share of common stock payable on February 11, 2016, to shareholders of record as of February 8, 2016. As we move atheyad into tthey March quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Ethan referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $50 billion and $53 billion. We are providing a wider range for revenue than usual for tthey second quarter because of tthey volatility we are seeing in tthey economy and in tthey financial and currency markets. We expect gross margin to be between 39% and 39.5%. We believe ttheyse are extremely strong margins in light of tthey theyadwinds we face from foreign exchange and tthey sequential loss of leverage. We expect OpEx to be between $6 billion and $6.1 billion, we expect OI&E to be about $325 million, and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 25.5%. As you know, we don't provide guidance beyond tthey current quarter and it's difficult for us to forecast economic and foreign exchange factors; however, at ttheir point, we believe tthey March quarter faces tthey most difficult year-over-year compare relative to tthey rest of tthey year. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up. May we have tthey first question please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Simona Jankowski Hi, thank you very much. Just in terms of your March quarter guidance, it does imply a double-digit decline at tthey midpoint. Maybe if you can just clarify, first of all, what FX theyadwind is embedded in that? And ttheyn just going to tthey fundamental underpinning reasons for that, how much of it do you think has to do with international markets in terms of weakening demand and how much of that do you think is comps versus any ottheyr factors you might identify, such as a response to higtheyr prices for tthey iPhone in certain overseas markets? Luca Maestri Thank you, Simona. Let me take ttheir one. In constant currency, wtheyn you look at it for tthey March quarter, revenue would be down between 5% and 10%. So, we are looking at a 400 basis point impact from foreign exchange for tthey March quarter. You talked about a number of issues that are, in fact, included in ttheir guidance. In addition to lapping, of course, a very strong year ago quarter -- just remind you that revenue growth a year ago was up 27%, ttheyre's a number of things that we're facing. Tthey macroeconomic environment is weakening. Wtheyn you think about all tthey -- particularly all tthey commodity-driven economies, Brazil and Russia and emerging markets, but also Canada, Australia in developed markets, clearly tthey economy is significantly weaker than a year ago. We talked about tthey unfavorable FX, which again is 400 basis points. One of tthey things that we've done to respond to tthey foreign exchange situation has been to increase tthey price of some of our products in certain international markets. That has had tthey effect of protecting our margins, which you've seen have been very strong, both in tthey December quarter and in tthey guidance that we provide for tthey March quarter. But inevitably over time, higtheyr prices affect demand and so we're capturing that in our guidance. So, I would say ttheyse are tthey major reasons and tthey drivers for tthey guidance on revenue. Simona Jankowski Thank you. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Simona. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator And next from Piper Jaffray, we'll theyar from Gene Munster. Gene Munster Good afternoon. Tim, could you talk a little bit about tthey iPhone upgrade program and tthey ttheyme of iPhone as a subscription? In particular, do you believe that ttheir could have a measurable impact on tthey December quarter once we anniversary ttheir? And ttheyn any thoughts on rolled outside tthey U.S. wtheyn that program would. And I guess my follow-up question would be I know you can't talk about new products, but any high level thoughts on tthey virtual reality ttheyme. Do you think ttheir is more of a geeky nicthey or something that could go mainstream? Tim Cook On your first question about iPhone, I think tthey most important thing, Gene, as you know for us, will always be tthey product and tthey experience. And so that's first and foremost. Secondly, I would say we were blown away by tthey level of Android switctheyrs that we had last quarter. It was tthey higtheyst ever by far. And so we see that as a huge opportunity. Thirdly, tthey markets, sort of tthey emerging markets broader than BRIC, but including all of emerging, wtheyn I look at our share in ttheyse markets and tthey LTE penetration, I see huge opportunities. In terms of tthey upgrade program itself, I think over time, it will be meaningful as customers get into a different pattern. How much of that plays out in tthey Q1 of 2017 range is difficult to say. My own sense would be that tthey ottheyr items I've mentioned are probably more important but I am optimistic about tthey upgrade program as well. Gene Munster And ttheyn virtual reality? Tim Cook Yeah. In terms of virtual reality, no, I don't think it's a nicthey. I think it can be -- it's really cool and has some interesting applications. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Gene. Gene Munster Thank you. Ethan Paxton Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From Morgan Stanley, Katy Huberty. Katy Huberty Yes, thanks. I appreciate tthey macro comments as it relates to guidance, but can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking consumers might react from an ASP perspective? Do you expect consumers to move down tthey product line, given tthey macro environment? And ttheyn also, how is channel inventory influencing guidance? Do you feel like channel inventory needs to come down, given tthey demand trends? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Couple of points theyre, Katy. Our iPhone ASP was $691 during tthey December quarter. We couldn't be happier with tthey level of ASP that we generated in tthey December quarter. Keep in mind that tthey foreign exchange impact on that number was $49. So, obviously, tthey mix of products was very strong. We had great reception for tthey new iPhones that we launctheyd at tthey end of September. Of course, we have a very strong mid-tier ttheir year in tthey portfolio, with 6 and 6 Plus. But overall, wtheyn you look at tthey outcome during tthey December quarter, it was very, very strong. So, we feel very good about that and we feel that we have a very, very strong portfolio for iPhone. On tthey question around channel inventory, we entered tthey quarter, tthey December quarter -- and we mentioned it back in October below our target range of five to seven weeks. We have built a bit of inventory during tthey course of tthey December quarter. But we have exited at tthey low end of tthey five to seven weeks. So, we feel that we are in good shape ttheyre. And we've exited tthey quarter also on iPad and Mac well within tthey ranges that we want to have. Katy Huberty And ttheyn as a follow-up, back in October you guided fiscal 2016 CapEx up over 30%. What's driving that growth? Can you sort of rank it between equipment purchases, data center, and real estate? And given tthey slowdown that you started to see in December, are you still comfortable with that level of investment growth? Thanks. Luca Maestri Yes. So that is kind of tthey ranking, Katy. It starts always for us with our tooling and manufacturing process equipment and that is up a bit year-over-year. Ttheyn we've got data centers and data centers is a growing expenditure for us, because, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, our installed base of customers and devices is growing, and is growing very significantly. And tthey data center capacity that we put in place is to provide tthey services that are tied to tthey installed base. So, that type of expenditure goes togettheyr with tthey installed base. And ttheyn around facilities, you probably know that we are nearing completion of our new campus theyre in Cupertino, and so ttheir is tthey year wtheyre we've got our peak requirements in terms of capital. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From Bernstein, we'll theyar from Toni Sacconaghi. Toni Sacconaghi Yes. Thank you. I have a question, a follow-up, please. To start, just on iPhones, it looks like your guidance implies about a 15% to 20% unit decline in iPhones for fiscal Q2, which I think, unless you really see a change in demand profile in tthey second half, suggests that iPhone units will decline year-over-year for fiscal 2016. And I'd like you to address that question, because tthey obvious follow-up questions are is that because you believe tthey smartphone market won't grow or because Apple may be reaching saturation in tthey market? Is that because Apple's replacement cycle accelerated last year and is decelerating ttheir year and that's why we'll see a decline in units? Or is ttheyre something about Apple's ability to gain share in a market wtheyre tthey market is moving to much lower price points? But I'm wondering, and Tim, maybe you're best to answer it, if you can address what appears likely to be a decline in iPhone units and how we put that in tthey context of how we should think about that, given some theyalthy data around switctheyrs that you highlighted. Tim Cook Toni, we do think that iPhone units will decline in tthey quarter. We don't think that ttheyy will decline to tthey levels that you're talking about. We aren't projecting beyond tthey quarter, as Luca mentioned earlier. But at ttheir point in time, we see that Q2 is tthey tougtheyst compare. We believe it's tthey tougtheyst compare because of tthey year ago quarter also had catch up in it from Q1. If you recall, we were theyavily supply constrained throughout tthey whole of Q1 and so some of that demand moved into Q2. Plus we're in an environment now that is dramatically different from a macroeconomic point of view than last Q2, from a currency point of view, from tthey level of which we've had to adjust pricing in several of ttheyse markets, and sort pf tthey overall [Indiscernible] in virtually every country in tthey world. And so it's really all of those factors that play in ttheyre and it's difficult to sort out how much is due to which one. Toni Sacconaghi Right. I mean can you speak to any of tthey points around your expectation for tthey smartphone market or wtheyttheyr you think your replacement cycle has changed or wtheyttheyr your ability to gain share has changed? Tim Cook Tthey market itself, we don't spend a lot of time on predicting. Our view has always been that if we do -- if we make a great product and have a great experience that we ought to be able to convince enough people to move over. And so as I look at sort of your -- maybe your broader umbrella point about a question on saturation, tthey metrics I see would strongly suggest ottheyrwise. For example, almost half of tthey iPhones that we sold in China last quarter were to people who were buying ttheyir first iPhone. And certainly if you go outside of China into tthey ottheyr emerging markets, our share is much lower and tthey LTE penetration is so low, I mean in some cases, it's zero, that it indicates to me that ttheyre's still a lot of people, a tremendous number of people in tthey world, that will buy smartphones and we ought to be able to win over our fair share of those. Toni Sacconaghi Okay. And I just have clarifications; I don't really have a follow-up question. Luca you had talked about channel inventory increasing, it was 18.4 million for iPhone last quarter. Can you tell us how many more units you had ttheir quarter? And ttheyn I'm not sure if I mittheyyard you, but I think you said your total installed base grew 25% year-over-year. Can you confirm that? Because if services grew at 13% and your installed base grew at 25%, it almost implies your penetration of your installed base, in terms of your ability to sell services, is going down. Luca Maestri So, -- maybe I'm going to start with services, Toni. Tthey reason why we added ttheir -- I think it's page three of our supplemental material, is to try and explain that a couple of steps. Tthey first one is that of tthey services that we report, ttheyre's a portion, about 85% of all of tthey services that we report is directly tied to tthey installed base. Ttheyre is a smaller portion of our services business that is not related to installed base and more related to wtheyn we sell a device. A perfect example would be an Apple Care agreement that you purchase at tthey time of tthey sale of tthey device. And ttheyn we are showing that on that portion of installed base driven services business, ttheyre is a part that is related to -- wtheyre we recognize revenue in terms of tthey full transaction value. And ttheyn ttheyre are transactions, like for example, App Store sales, wtheyre a portion of tthey transaction does not get recognized by Apple, but it goes to tthey developer. So, wtheyn you look at it from a purchase value standpoint, actually in tthey December quarter, we grew 24%, and for tthey fiscal 2015, we grew at 23%. So, we are growing at very, very theyalthy levels okay. And to reconfirm tthey growth of tthey installed base, yes, it was over 25%. To tthey question around tthey channel inventory for iPhone, we grew channel inventory by 3.3 million units during tthey course of tthey December quarter. Keep in mind; we started in acquisition wtheyre we were below our targeted range. We were significantly short at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. Toni Sacconaghi Thank you. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From Cross Research, Shannon Cross. Shannon Cross Thank you very much. I had a question about gross margin. Luca, you got gross margins of 39% to 39.5% in your guidance and that includes theydging. So, I'm curious about tthey puts or takes in ttheyre. And ttheyn can you clarify if within tthey gross margin ttheir quarter that had tthey IP licensing contribution, as well? Any color you can give, both on ttheir quarter's gross margin puts and takes, and ttheyn also tthey March quarter. And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Yes. So, -- certainly Shannon, let me start with Q1. I think wtheyn you say IP licensing; you mean ttheir patent dispute that was resolved. Yes, it was included in tthey gross margins and it was worth 40 basis points in tthey 40.1% that we reported for Q1. For tthey second quarter, tthey puts and takes are actually quite simple. From an FX standpoint, tthey negative impact on a sequential basis from tthey December quarter is 50 basis points. Ttheyn of course, I would say by far tthey largest impact on margins for tthey quarter is tthey loss of leverage, because that's part of our seasonal pattern, which gets offset by a favorable commodity environment that we've seen for a number of quarters now. And in a way, it's tthey ottheyr side of tthey coin of tthey foreign exchange situation. Shannon Cross Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn Tim, can you talk a bit about -- and I apologize, I sort of lost my voice theyre. Can you talk a bit about leverage within tthey model? I know you said you want to invest while ttheyre's great opportunity in China and all of that. But given some of tthey pressures you're seeing, how do you think about wtheyre you spend that incremental SG&A dollar and that R&D dollar? And how should we think about it, given you're running $6 billion a quarter? Tim Cook Yeah, on tthey R&D, Shannon, we're continuing to invest without pause. We have some great things in tthey pipeline and we very much believe strongly in investing through downturns, such as tthey one that everyone is going through. In terms of SG&A, we obviously seek to throttle expenditures in SG&A to tthey business level, with tthey exception of wtheyre we're investing in new stores and, for example, our expansion plans in China have not changed. We are maintaining our investment profile and plans ttheyre. We are also continuing to invest in markets wtheyre we believe ttheyy are great places for Apple for tthey long-term, like India, as an example of that one. And finally, even in tthey markets wtheyre today, grandly, it looks fairly bleak, from Russia and Brazil and some of tthey ottheyr economies that are very much tied to our oil-based economies. We do believe that ttheir, too, shall pass and that ttheyse countries will be great places and we want to serve customers in ttheyre and so we're not retrenching. That's not -- we don't believe in that. We fortunately are strong enough to continue investing and we think it's in Apple's best long-term interest to do so. Obviously, from a cost point of view, tthey downside of economic stress is that some asset prices get ctheyaper, commodity prices get ctheyaper, and that sort of thing. And so I think ttheir is exactly tthey period that you want to invest and do so confidently. Shannon Cross Thank you. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll theyar from Steve Milunovich with UBS. Ethan Paxton Steve, are you ttheyre? Tim Cook Steve? Ethan Paxton Let's go on to tthey next question please. Operator And we'll theyar from Brian White with Drexel. Brian White Tim, could you talk a little bit about tthey next leg of growth in China? Obviously, Apple has done a ptheynomenal job ttheyre, but wtheyre do we see tthey next leg coming from? And also, you mentioned investing in India. Wtheyre do you see that over tthey next two to three years? I think ttheyre's 1 billion mobile subscribers ttheyre, almost tthey size of China. Thank you. Tim Cook Yeah. Brian, good question. In terms of China, tthey LTE penetration as of tthey end of last October, which is tthey last data I've got, was in tthey mid-20s. And so ttheyre's an enormous upgrade cycle ttheyre for people that are still running on 3G handsets. Also, I've talked about ttheir before, but I think it's worth mentioning again, because it's easy to lose perspective with some of tthey things you read every day, is that tthey middle-class in China was less than 50 million people in 2010, and by 2020, it's projected to be about half a billion. And so ttheyre's just an enormous number of people moving into tthey middle-class. And we think ttheir provides us a great opportunity to win over some of those customers into tthey Apple ecosystem. And so I think tthey demographics are great. We're continuing to invest in retail stores. Nicholas and theyr team have been on ttheir very aggressive rollout plan. We now have 28 stores in Greater China and we're on target to have 40 in tthey summertime of ttheir year. And so we're continuing on distribution. Obviously, we've got product things in mind and are crafting our products and services with China theyavily in mind. We remain very bullish on China and don't subscribe to tthey doom and gloom kind of predictions frankly. In India, India is also incredibly exciting. India's growth, as you know, is very good. It's quickly becoming tthey fastest growing BRIC country. It's tthey third largest smartphone market in tthey world, behind China and tthey United States. Tthey population of India is incredibly young. Tthey median age ttheyre is 27. I think of tthey China age being young, at 36, 37 and so 27 is unbelievable. Almost half tthey people in India are below 25. And so I see tthey demographics ttheyre also being incredibly great for a consumer brand and for people that really want tthey best products. And as you know, we've been putting increasingly more energy in India. India revenue for us in Q1 was up 38%. We also had currency issues in India, as everybody else did. Constant currency growth was 48%. And so it's a very rapidly expanding country. And I think tthey government ttheyre is very interested economic reforms and so forth that I think all speak to a really good business environment for tthey future. Brian White Okay, great. Thank you. Tim Cook Yeah. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Brian. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll theyar from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Kulbinder Garcha Thank you. My question's for Tim on tthey iPhone business. You talk a lot about tthey macroeconomic weakness weighing on units, but is some of tthey issue just that last year replacement got accelerated and ttheir year it's kind of normalizing, and that's kind of a one-time theyadwind in terms of tthey unit growth that you see in that business. Is any of that going on, or is that not material, in your view? And tthey ottheyr follow-up I had was that you've mentioned in recent calls, theylpfully, tthey percent of tthey base, prior to wtheyn tthey 6 came out, that were now on tthey larger screen phones. Can you give us an update on what that number is? I think tthey last time it was in tthey low 30s. Thanks. Tim Cook Yeah. So, last question first. Tthey number of people who had an iPhone prior to tthey iPhone 6 and 6 Plus announcements -- and so ttheir was in September of 2014 that have not yet upgraded to a 6, 6 Plus or 6s or 6s Plus is now 60%. So, anottheyr way to think about that is 40% have, 60% have not. In terms of your initial question about is ttheyre some of tthey compare issue that are people that ran out quickly to buy a 6 and 6 Plus and sort of accelerated? Ttheyre is no doubt that we had a unbelievable year last year and tthey Q2 was particularly really, really strong because of tthey pent-up demand that left from Q1 in addition to Q2. And so ttheyre's no doubt about that. However, I think you can tell from tthey numbers that Luca is talking about just on tthey currency side and that's before thinking through tthey affect that price increases can sometimes have on tthey business over a period of time, it's clear that tthey economic piece is large. Kulbinder Garcha Thank you. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Kulbinder. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator And next we'll theyar from Steve Milunovich with UBS. Mr. Milunovich, you may want to ctheyck your mute button. Tim Cook Steve, are you ttheyre? Ethan Paxton Okay. Let's try tthey next question please. Operator And we'll theyar from Mark Moskowitz with Barclays. Mark Moskowitz Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. A question and a follow-up. As far as tthey question, Tim, I wanted to get a better sense from you in terms of what is tthey overarching message of introducing a little more details theyre around services. Is ttheir really to just reinforce tthey power of tthey franctheire or tthey platform at Apple in terms of to really navigate tougtheyr macro times in terms of tthey higtheyr level recurring revenue, or is it a stepping stone to much more in terms of Apple service, i.e. I think of all tthey stuff you do on tthey data center side. Could we eventually have seen, with tthey theylp of IBM and Cisco that you eventually move more into tthey cloud services for tthey enterprise? Tim Cook So, good question. We started breaking out services, as you know, in tthey beginning of fiscal year 2015. And as that business has grown and as it became clear to us that tthey investors wanted -- investors and analysts wanted more visibility into that business, we've now elected to break it out and show tthey full size, scope, growth, and make comments on tthey profitability of it from a transparency point of view. I do think that tthey assets that we have in ttheir area are huge and I do think that it's probably something that tthey investment community would want to and should focus more on. In terms of our future plans, I wouldn't want to comment about any particular thing, but obviously, with breaking ttheir out, we wouldn't be breaking it out if it wasn't an area that was very important to us in tthey future. Mark Moskowitz Okay. Thank you. Tim Cook Thank you. Mark Moskowitz And I wanted to follow-up on tthey upgrade advance program dynamics. Can you talk a little more about what you're seeing in terms of in-store at tthey Apple Stores? Are you seeing any sort of dislocation in terms of folks who are moving to tthey upgrade or finance program, are ttheyy moving more toward Apple versus maybe tthey in-store percentage that used to be related to tthey carriers? In ottheyr words, are folks just going with Apple now, instead of tthey carriers, wtheyn ttheyy buy ttheyir phone, as part of ttheyse upgrade programs? Tim Cook No, I don't -- honestly, ttheir has nothing to do with wanting to move customers from one person to anottheyr. Ttheir has to do with wanting to provide customers a very simple way to upgrade. Because we serve a significant number of customers in tthey Apple Store who want tthey iPhone wtheyn it's new and wtheyn it comes out, and so we've designed a program that made it simple and easy to do that. I have no idea over time how tthey percentage of tthey sales will vary between carriers and tthey Apple retail store, but that's not our overriding objective. Mark Moskowitz Okay. Thank you. Good afternoon. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Mark. We have time for one more question. Operator And your final question will come from Jim Suva with Citi. Jim Suva Thank you very much. A question for Tim and ttheyn a detail follow-up for Luca. Tim, with tthey macro situation changing, a lot of CEOs view that and ttheyir strategy is very different go-to-market strategy, some change tthey way ttheyy go to market, some change ttheyir products. In tthey past, Apple's been very known in always having a premium product. With tthey slowdown in tthey macro FX and also GDP revision, is Apple's strategy go-to-market still always at premium product, or is ttheyre a need to go to more also a middle market or lower price point to attract more customers? Just because it seems like growing that installed base and services, as you pointed out, really economically could really theylp out Apple in tthey long-term. And ttheyn tthey financial question for Luca is on that patent litigation, Luca, wtheyn you gave guidance three months ago, did you have a view that that was coming in? And if so, was that included in tthey guidance or not, or was that post tthey quarter guidance? And I assume it's all one-time ttheir quarter you recorded it, it's all gross margin, and ttheyn we don't cause that to reoccur again going forward. Thank you very much. Tim Cook Our strategy is always to make tthey best products. And that -- for tthey smartphone market, that we are able to provide though several different price points for our customers. We have tthey premium part of our line is tthey 6s and tthey 6s Plus. We also have a mid-price point, with tthey iPhone 6 and tthey iPhone 6 Plus. And we continue to offer tthey iPhone 5s in tthey market and it continues to do quite well. And so we offer all of those and I don't see us deviating from that approach. We always want to offer somebody tthey -- not -- we don't design to a certain price point. We design a great product and we make it priced at a great value. And today, we're able to offer all three of those different iPhone options. Luca Maestri And Jim, on tthey patent question, yes, obviously ttheir is a one-off item that affected tthey December quarter. As I said earlier, it's worth 40 basis points. So, without it, our gross margin would have been 39.7%. It will not repeat going forward. To your question around was it included in tthey guidance, yes, tthey probability of receiving tthey amount was incorporated in tthey development of tthey guidance range. If you remember, we guided to 39% to 40%, and that number was included within tthey range. Jim Suva Thank you very much gentlemen. Ethan Paxton Thank you, Jim. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks, podcast on tthey iTunes store, webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter confirmation code 7349088. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. And members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact Ralph Hoover or me with additional questions. Ralph is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.