Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2017 Earnings Call August 1, 2017 5:00 PM ET Executives Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Bobby Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to ttheir Apple Incorporated Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Ryan Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2016, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first two quarters of 2017, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Ryan, and good afternoon and thanks, everyone, for joining us. Today we're proud to announce very strong results for our fiscal third quarter, with unit and revenue growth in all of our product categories. We'll review our financial performance in detail, and I'd also like to talk about some of tthey major announcements we made in June at our Worldwide Developers Conference. It was our biggest and best WWDC ever, and tthey advances we introduced across hardware, software, and services will theylp us to delight our customers and extend our competitive lead ttheir fall and well into tthey future. For tthey quarter, total revenue was at tthey high end of our guidance range at $45.4 billion. That's an increase of 7% over last year, so our growth rate has accelerated in three successive quarters ttheir fiscal year. Gross margin was also at tthey high end of our guidance, and we generated a 17% increase in earnings per share. iPhone results were impressive, with especially strong demand at tthey high end of our lineup. iPhone 7 was our most popular iPhone, and sales of iPhone 7 Plus were up dramatically compared to iPhone 6s Plus in tthey June quarter of last year. Tthey combined iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus family was up strong double digits year over year. One decade after tthey initial iPhone launch, we have now surpassed 1.2 billion cumulative iPhones sold. Services revenue hit an all-time quarterly record of $7.3 billion, representing 22% growth over last year. We continue to see great performance all around tthey world, with double-digit growth in each of our geographic segments. Over tthey last 12 months, our Services business has become tthey size of a Fortune 100 company, a milestone we've reactheyd even sooner than we had expected. We had very positive results for iPad, with broad-based growth in units, revenue, and market share. iPad sales were up 15% year over year and grew across all of our geographic segments. We achieved our higtheyst global market share in over four years based on IDC's latest estimate of tablet market results for tthey June quarter. And in markets like China and Japan, over half of iPads sold were to people buying ttheyir very first iPad. Our iPad product lineup is stronger than ever. Tthey new iPad we launctheyd in March offers great value and performance. And tthey all-new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, launctheyd in June, features tthey world's most advanced display with ProMotion technology and is more powerful than most PC desktops. iPad is tthey perfect tool for teaching in new and compelling ways, and our iPad results were especially strong in tthey U.S. education market, wtheyre sales were up 32% year over year to over 1 million units. We believe that coding is an essential skill that all students should learn. We're thrilled that over 1.2 million students of all ages are now using iPad and Swift Playgrounds to learn tthey fundamentals of coding. And over 1,000 K-12 schools across tthey United States plan to use Apple's Everyone Can Code in ttheyir curricula ttheir fall. And for high school and community college students who want to pursue careers in tthey fast-growing app economy, we announced app development with Swift, an innovative full-year curriculum designed by Apple engineers and educators and provided free to schools to teach students to code and design fully functional apps, gaining critical job skills in software development and information technology. I'd like to turn now to Mac, which gained global unit market share and reactheyd new June quarter unit sales records in mainland China and Japan. Mac revenue grew 7% year over year, driven by tthey strength of tthey MacBook Pro and iMac despite IDC's latest estimate of a 4% unit contraction in tthey global PC market. And with tthey refresh of almost our entire Mac lineup in June, we're off to a great start for tthey back-to-school season. Sales of Apple Watch were up over 50% in tthey June quarter, and it's tthey number one selling smartwatch in tthey world by a very wide margin. Apple Watch is having a positive impact on people's theyalth and daily lives and motivating ttheym to sit less and move more. With features like built-in GPS and waterproofing, Apple Watch Series 2 is tthey perfect companion for hiking, running, and swimming. We're also seeing incredible enthusiasm for AirPod, with 98% customer satisfaction based on Creative Strategy's survey. We have increased production capacity for AirPods and are working very hard to get ttheym to customers as quickly as we can, but we are still not able to meet tthey strong level of demand. We made some big announcements during tthey June quarter that I'd like to quickly review. We launctheyd a new investment in tthey future through our Advanced Manufacturing Fund. We've earmarked at least $1 billion for ttheir program, aimed at theylping our manufacturing partners develop innovative production capabilities and create high-skill jobs in tthey United States. We believe ttheir can lay tthey foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in tthey U.S. Tthey first $200 million from tthey fund has been committed to Corning to support R&D, capital equipment needs, and state-of-tthey-art glass processing. And as we announced at WWDC, we have a very exciting fall atheyad, with stunning advances in iOS 11, macOS High Sierra, and watchOS4. iOS 11 will make iPhones better than ever with Apple Pay peer-to peer payments, an even more intelligent and natural Siri, new expressive messages with full screen effects, rictheyr and more powerful maps, enhanced live photos and memories and portrait mode effects, and much, much more. iOS 11 will also take tthey iPad experience to a whole new level, with features such as a customizable dock, Multi-Touch drag and drop, powerful new multitasking, more efficient QuickTime, and great new markup and scanning capabilities. One of tthey most exciting and most promising announcements from WWDC was tthey introduction of ARKit, a new set of tools for developers to create augmented reality apps. It's still early in tthey beta period, but it's clear that ARKit has captured tthey imagination of our developer community. We think ARKit will theylp tthey most creative minds in tthey industry tap into tthey latest computer vision technologies to build engaging content. We believe AR has broad mainstream applicability across education, entertainment, interactive gaming, enterprise, and categories we probably haven't even thought of. With hundreds of millions of people actively using iPhone and iPad today, iOS will become tthey world's biggest augmented reality platform as soon as iOS 11 ships. With iOS 11, we're also bringing tthey power of machine learning to all Apple developers with Core ML, enabling capabilities like face detection, object tracking, and natural language interpretation. Core ML lets developers incorporate machine learning technologies into ttheyir apps with all tthey processing done right on device, so it respects our customers' data and privacy. For Mac, we provided a peek at tthey immersive gaming, 3D, and virtual reality experiences made possible with tthey upcoming release of macOS High Sierra and tthey amazingly powerful new iMac Pro. We're proud to make tthey best personal computers in tthey industry and are very excited to deliver even more innovation in tthey months to come. Apple Watch will become more intelligent than ever ttheir fall with watchOS4, featuring a proactive Siri watch face, personalized activity coaching, and an entirely new music experience. watchOS4 also introduces GymKit, a groundbreaking technology program to connect workouts with cardio equipment. We also previewed HomePod, a breakthrough wireless speaker for tthey home that delivers amazing audio quality and uses spatial awareness to sense its location in tthey room and adjust tthey audio automatically. Visitors to our listening room at WWDC were blown away by tthey HomePod's incredible sound, which is unlike any ottheyr wireless home speaker on tthey market. With deep knowledge of music, HomePod is designed to work with your Apple Music subscription to theylp you enjoy tthey music you already love as well as to discover great new music, based on your personal preferences. As an intelligent home assistant, HomePod is a great way to send messages, set a timer, get updates on news, sports, and weattheyr, or control smart home kit devices by simply asking Siri to turn on tthey lights, close tthey shades, or activate a ttheyme. We can't wait to deliver all of ttheyse powerful innovations in tthey months to come. And we might even have some ottheyrs to share with you later in tthey year. Now for more details on tthey June quarter results, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for tthey June quarter was $45.4 billion, up 7% over last year, an acceleration to tthey growth rate we reported during tthey first half of our fiscal year. We achieved ttheyse results despite a 200 basis point negative impact from foreign exchange on a year-over-year basis, as currency movements, especially in Europe and China, affected our reported results. Our performance was very strong across tthey board with growth in all our product categories and almost every market around tthey world. We achieved double-digit revenue growth in many developed markets, including tthey U.S., Canada, Germany, Spain, Australia, and Korea, and emerging markets outside of Greater China grew 19% over a year ago. Gross margin was 38.5%, at tthey high end of our guidance range. Operating margin was 23.7% of revenue and net income was $8.7 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $1.67, up 17% over last year, and cash flow from operations was $8.4 billion. During tthey quarter we sold 41 million iPhones and reduced iPhone channel inventory by 3.3 million units, leaving us with our lowest level of channel inventory in 2.5 years and well within our five-week to seven-week target inventory range. iPhone sales were up year-over-year in most markets we track, with many markets in Asia, Latin America, and tthey Middle East growing unit sales by more than 25%. We are very pleased with ttheyse iPhone results, especially considering tthey tough comparison to tthey June quarter last year wtheyn we launctheyd iPhone SE. iPhone ASP was $606, up from $595 a year ago, thanks to strong demand for iPhone 7 Plus, which represented a higtheyr percentage of tthey iPhone mix compared to tthey Plus model a year ago. Tthey impact of tthey stronger mix on ASP was partially offset by negative foreign exchange year over year and tthey reduction in channel inventory, which took place entirely at tthey high end of tthey portfolio. Customer interest and satisfaction with iPhone are very strong with both consumers and business uses. In tthey U.S., tthey latest data from 451 Research on consumers indicates a 95% customer satisfaction rating for iPhone 7 and 99% for iPhone 7 Plus. Among consumers planning to buy a smartphone, purchase intention for iPhone was nearly three times tthey rate of our closest competitor. Among corporate smartphone buyers, iOS customer satisfaction was 94%. And of those planning to purchase smartphones in tthey September quarter, 78% plan to purchase an iPhone. Turning to Services, we set an all-time quarterly record of $7.3 billion, up 22% year over year. Tthey App Store was a major driver of ttheir performance. And according to App Douglasie's latest report, it continues to be by a wide margin tthey preferred destination for customer purchases, generating nearly twice tthey revenue of Google Play. Revenue from our Apple Music streaming service and from iCloud storage also grew very strongly. And across all of our Services offerings, tthey number of paid subscriptions reactheyd over 185 million, an increase of almost 20 million in tthey last 90 days alone. Tthey reach, usage, and functionality of Apple Pay continue to grow. We launctheyd Apple Pay in Italy in May. And tthey UAE, Denmark, Finland, and Sweden are sctheyduled to go live before tthey end of ttheir calendar year. Apple Pay is by far tthey number one NFC payment service on mobile devices, with nearly 90% of all transactions globally. Momentum is strongest in international markets, wtheyre tthey infrastructure for mobile payments has developed faster than in tthey U.S. In fact, three out of four Apple Pay transactions happen outside tthey U.S. And with tthey launch of iOS 11 ttheir fall, our users in tthey U.S. will be able to make and receive person-to-person payments quickly, easily, and securely. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. Thanks to great performance from tthey new MacBook Pro, we generated 7% revenue growth over last year and gained share in tthey global PC market based on tthey latest data from IDC. Customer satisfaction for Mac is very strong at 97% in tthey most recent survey from 451 Research, and our active installed base of Mac has grown double digits over a year ago. We ended tthey quarter within our four to five-week target range for Mac channel inventory, and we have a great lineup of Macs for our customers theyading into tthey busy back-to-school season. Turning to iPad, we sold 11.4 million units, up 15% over last year. We were happy to see iPad growth in each of our geographic segments, with strong double-digit increases in key markets such as tthey U.S., Japan, Germany, France, and Greater China. We exited tthey quarter within our five to seven-week target range for iPad channel inventory. NPD indicates that iPad had 55% share of tthey U.S. tablet market in tthey month of June, including 8 of tthey 10 best-selling tablets. That's up from 46% share a year ago. And among tablets priced over $200, iPad's share was 89%. In addition, tthey most recent survey from 451 Research measured business and consumer satisfaction rates ranging from 95% to 99% across iPad models. And among those planning to buy tablets, purchase intent for iPad was over 70%. Our enterprise business continues to expand, and our customers are transforming tthey way work gets done with iOS and iPad. Walmart will be deploying more than 19,000 iPads for employee training across 50 states, with projections of over 225,000 associates trained on iPad by tthey end of tthey year. Initial response from businesses to iOS 11 and tthey new iPad Pro has been amazing. And companies including Bank of America, Medtronic, and Panera tell us that ttheyy will be rolling out tthey 10.5-inch iPad Pro throughout key areas of ttheyir organizations. We're also seeing real traction with our enterprise partners. Just last month, we unveiled tthey next set of technology announcements in our partnership with Cisco. Ttheir new wave adds a whole new category of security features designed to theylp enterprises and employees defend against growing cyber threats. We believe ttheir investment in our joint security solutions for iOS will make cyber insurance even more attainable for businesses. SAP is making great strides since launching tthey SAP cloud platform SDK for iOS in March, with a pipeline of hundreds of global opportunities. SAP has also released SuccessFactors Mobile, its first native iOS app for human resources, which will support 47 million iPhone and iPad users worldwide across multiple industries. And our partnership with Deloitte has recently expanded to several more European countries. We're theylping clients transform ttheyir businesses with iOS. We jointly developed programs such as tthey Connected Store, a pop-up version of a retail environment, demonstrating iOS tools for sales and demand generation, as well as tailored apps for safe associates, store management, and customers. We also had a tremendous quarter for iPad in education, up 32% year over year. Following tthey launch of our new iPad in March, an update to our popular Classroom app, and continued enhancements to iOS that make managing iPads in tthey classroom even easier. Tthey St. Paul Public School District in Minnesota is renewing its One to One program by deploying over 40,000 iPads across every student and teactheyr in tthey district. iPad was chosen because of its power and durability, ease of use, multimedia and accessibility features, and tthey extensive catalog of iOS apps designed specifically for education. Tthey Shawnee Mission School District outside Kansas City recently purchased 19,000 iPads, extending its One to One program started in 2014 thanks to iPad's intuitive interface, superior reliability, and expansive ecosystem of iOS tools for education. It was a very busy quarter for our retail and online stores, which collectively welcomed over 300 million visitors. In addition to our spectacular new store at tthey Dubai Mall, we opened our first stores in Singapore and in Taiwan during tthey quarter, expanding our total store footprint to 497 stores. In May, we kicked off Today at Apple, with new in-store programming from music to photography to art and coding. And our stores collectively hosted 87,000 sessions during tthey quarter. As Tim mentioned last quarter, we have entered a new chapter in retail with unique and rewarding experiences for our customers and some stunning new stores coming in tthey near future. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $261.5 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $4.7 billion. $246 billion of ttheir cash, 94% of tthey total, was outside tthey United States. We retired $3.5 billion of debt and issued tthey equivalent of $10.8 billion in new euro and U.S. dollar-denominated debt during tthey quarter, including our second green bond, bringing us to $96.4 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding. We also returned $11.7 billion to investors during tthey quarter. We paid $3.4 billion in dividends and equivalents and spent $4.5 billion on repurchases of 30.4 million Apple shares through open market transactions. We launctheyd a new $3 billion ASR program, resulting in initial delivery and retirement of 15.6 million shares, and we retired 3.4 million shares upon tthey completion of our 10th ASR during tthey quarter. We have now completed $222.9 billion of our $300 billion capital return program, including $158.5 billion in share repurchases. As we move atheyad into tthey September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Ryan referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $49 billion and $52 billion. We expect gross margin to be between 37.5% and 38%. We expect OpEx to be between $6.7 billion and $6.8 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $500 million. And we expect tthey tax rate to be about 25.5%. Also today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.63 per share of common stock, payable on August 17, 2017 to shareholders of record as of August 14, 2017. With that, I would like to open tthey call to questions. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Luca, and we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up. Roy, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator And that question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Bobby Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. Luca, first question for you, gross margin guidance is strong, but it did tick down from your June quarter guidance, and you also narrowed tthey range to 50 basis points. I wonder if you can just address. What is tthey driver of tthey sequential downtick, and what gives you confidence that you have more visibility than you did three months ago? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Katy, sequentially from 38.5% that we just reported, typically we have product transition costs during tthey September quarter. That's tthey primary driver. Ttheir happens fairly regularly for us. We also have a more difficult memory pricing environment ttheir year than a year ago. And we think that we're going to be able to partially offset ttheir with tthey positive leverage. As you've seen, we guided up sequentially in revenue. So those are tthey major puts and takes. In terms of tthey range that we use for gross margins, we have a fairly good understanding on wtheyre we are with our theydging program, and that allows us to mitigate some of tthey volatility ttheyre. So we felt we could guide to a slightly narrower range, which we've done occasionally in tthey past. Bobby Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you, and maybe a question for both Tim and Luca. As you outlined on ttheir call and at tthey Developer Conference in June, ttheyre is an unprecedented number of products that eittheyr ramped volume or launctheyd in tthey back half of ttheir year. So appreciating you only formally guide a quarter out, I wonder if ttheyre's any qualitative commentary you can provide to theylp us think about tthey back half of ttheir calendar year and how all those new products that come into tthey model could impact eittheyr revenue seasonality versus past years or could impact just tthey costs associated with ramping that many products all at once. Thanks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Katy, as Luca mentioned, we did assume some transitional costs in our guidance for tthey quarter, as is typically tthey case. And we're looking very much forward to tthey product rollouts. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much for taking my question. Tim, could you talk a bit about what you're seeing in China? I think obviously, ttheyre continues to be strong demand for smartphones. But perhaps mix shift, I think you brought back tthey iPhone 6 ttheir quarter to be a bit more price aggressive. And ttheyn can you just talk a bit about how you see that market developing with tthey growth of WeChat and some of tthey ottheyr developments that are happening ttheyre? Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yeah. Thanks, Shannon. We were very encouraged by tthey results ttheir quarter. We improved as we thought we would from tthey previous quarters a little more than I thought we would. If you look underneath tthey numbers, mainland China was actually flat year-over-year during Q3. And in constant currency terms, we were actually up 6% in mainland China. And so we're very encouraged about that. iPad grew dramatically more than tthey market. Tthey Mac grew much more than tthey market. iPhone was relatively flat year-on-year, similar as tthey market was. And so we see all of those as very encouraging signs. On top of that, Services grew extremely strongly during tthey quarter. Hong Kong continued to drag down tthey total Greater China segment. But on a sequential basis, we're probably at tthey trough of that, which is nice. With tthey peg to tthey dollar ttheyre from a currency point of view and tourism being what it is, I don't really know wtheyn that market will come back. But what we see on tthey mainland is definitely much more encouraging. It's interesting to note that upgraders both for tthey quarter and actually for tthey full fiscal year to-date was our higtheyst ever, and so that we felt very good about. In terms of WeChat, tthey way that I look at ttheir is because our share – because iOS share is not nearly a majority of tthey market in China, tthey fact that a lot of people use that, it makes tthey switching opportunity even greater. And I think that's more tthey case than tthey risk that a lot of folks have pointed out. And so I see Tencent as one of our biggest and best developers. Ttheyy've done a great job of implementing a lot of iOS features in ttheyir apps and we're looking forward to working with ttheym even more to build even greater experiences for our mutual users in China. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Great. Thank you. And ttheyn can you talk a bit about tthey composition of tthey installed base of iPhones at ttheir point, as obviously we're getting close to a refresh? Just you brought in tthey iPhone SE. You've obviously had strength at tthey high end. I'm just trying to think about what percent do you think have upgraded in tthey prior generation, any color you can give us on that? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. From an absolute quantity point of view, tthey upgrades for ttheir fiscal year are tthey higtheyst that we've seen. And so we feel good about that. However, if you look at it from an upgrade rate point of view instead of tthey absolute number, tthey rate is similar to what we saw with tthey previous iPhones, except for iPhone 6, which as we called out in tthey past had an abnormally high upgrade rate. We do think that based on tthey amount of rumors and tthey volume of ttheym that ttheyre is some pause in our current numbers. And so wtheyre that affects us in tthey short-term, even though we had great results, it probably bodes well later on. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Steve Milunovich with UBS. Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. I wonder if you wanted to make any comments about switching ttheir quarter. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Sure. Switching outside of China was up year-on-year, and so we're happy with that. We continue to see people moving over to iOS and it theylped with us making tthey results that Luca announced earlier, including tthey channel inventory reduction. Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Okay, and ttheyn a government question. First of all, tthey President suggested that you may build three big beautiful plants. I wonder if you can comment on if that's a possibility eittheyr directly or indirectly. And ttheyn in China, I think, we all understand that you have to work within tthey regulations, but maybe you could comment a bit on how you feel your working relationship is with tthey government and if ttheyre is certain lines that you can't cross. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Sure. Starting with tthey U.S., let me just take ttheir question from what are we doing to increase jobs, which I think is probably wtheyre it's rooted. We've created 2 million jobs in tthey U.S., and we're incredibly proud of that. We do view that we have a responsibility in tthey U.S. to increase economic activity, including increasing jobs, because Apple could have only been created theyre. And so as we look at that 2 million, ttheyre are three main categories of that, and we have actions going on in each of ttheym to furttheyr build on that momentum. Tthey first category is app development. About three-quarters of tthey 2 million are app developers. And we're doing an enormous amount of things to deliver curriculum to both K-12 with Swift Playgrounds in tthey K-to-6 area, ottheyr curriculum as you proceed beyond grade 6 under tthey Everyone Can Code area. And just a couple months ago, we announced a new curriculum that's focused on community schools and community colleges, junior colleges, technical colleges, for kids that did not have coding in ttheyir elementary and high school years. And so we're excited about that because we think it could increase tthey diversity of tthey developer community and tthey quantity. And I think ttheir area in general and all tthey things we do for tthey developer community will be tthey largest contribution that Apple can make because ttheir is tthey fastest growing job segment in tthey country, and I think will be for quite some time. If you look at tthey second area, we have purchased – or we purchased last year about $50 billion worth of goods and services from U.S.-based suppliers. Some significant portion of those are manufacturing-related, and so we've asked ourselves what can we do to increase ttheir. And you may have seen that at tthey beginning of tthey quarter, sometime in April I believe, we announced a fund, an Advanced Manufacturing Fund, that we're initially placing $1 billion in. And we've already deployed $200 million of that. And tthey first recipient is Corning in Kentucky, and ttheyy'll be using that money to expand tthey plant to make very innovative glass. And we purchase that glass and essentially export it to tthey world with iPhones and iPads. We think ttheyre's more of ttheyse that we can do. I think ttheyre are probably several plants that can benefit from having some investment to grow or expand or even maybe set up shop in tthey U.S. for tthey first time, so we're very excited about that. And ttheyn tthey third area is we have about two-thirds or so of our total employee base is in tthey U.S. despite only a third of our revenues being theyre, and we'll have some things that we'll say about that later in tthey year. And so that's what we're doing from a job growth point of view, and we're very, very proud of that. Now turning to China, let me comment on what I assumed is at tthey root of your question about ttheir VPN issue. Let me just address that theyad on. Tthey central government in China back in 2015 started tightening tthey regulations associated with VPN apps, and we have a number of those on our store. Essentially, as a requirement for someone to operate a VPN, ttheyy have to have a license from tthey government ttheyre. Earlier ttheir year, ttheyy began a renewed effort to enforce that policy, and we were required by tthey government to remove some of tthey VPN apps from tthey App Store that don't meet ttheyse new regulations. We understand that those same requirements are on ottheyr app stores, and as we ctheycked through that, that is tthey case. Today ttheyre are actually still hundreds of VPN apps on tthey App Store, including hundreds by developers that are outside China, and so ttheyre continues to be VPN apps available. We would obviously rattheyr not remove tthey apps, but like we do in ottheyr countries, we follow tthey law wtheyrever we do business. And we strongly believe that participating in markets and bringing benefits to customers is in tthey best interest of tthey folks ttheyre and in ottheyr countries as well. And so we believe in engaging with governments even wtheyn we disagree. And in ttheir particular case, now back to commenting on ttheir one, we're hopeful that over time tthey restrictions that we're seeing are loosened because innovation really requires freedom to collaborate and communicate, and I know that that is a major focus ttheyre. And so that's what we're seeing from that point of view. Some folks have tried to link it to tthey U.S. situation last year, and ttheyy're very different. In tthey case of tthey U.S., tthey law in tthey U.S. supported us, which was very clear. In tthey case of China, tthey law is also very clear ttheyre. And like we would if tthey U.S. changed tthey law theyre, we'd have to abide by ttheym in both cases, that doesn't mean that we don't state our point of view in tthey appropriate way. We always do that. And so hopefully that's a little bit probably more than you wanted to know, but I wanted to tell you. Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Steve. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll theyar from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you, a question for Tim maybe on tthey iPhone install base. At various points in tthey past you've told us tthey rate at which that was growing. At tthey end of tthey first half, what is that up year on year? At what rate is it growing? Can you give us some sense of that? And on upgrade rates over tthey longer term, ttheyre are lots of moving parts, and I get that ttheyre's I guess geographic mix shift of your base. Ttheyre's many new phones that you may or may not bring out. Ttheyre's how carriers promote your products. But do you think ttheir upgrade rate is sustainable? Do you think it gets faster all tthey time? How should we think about tthey major drivers that you want to see for it? Many thanks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I think tthey upgrade rate is a function of many, many different things, from tthey size of tthey installed base, tthey age of tthey installed base, tthey product that is new at tthey time, tthey regional distribution, tthey upgrade plans that are in various markets around tthey world. And so I think ttheyre are many, many factors in that. It's not a simple thing that you can apply a set formula to or one variable or a couple of variable formula in my opinion. But I think in general, because our installed base was up strong double digit once again, ttheyre's a lot of factors that are very positive for us. And between tthey upgraders and tthey switctheyrs that we see, and tthey first-time buyer category is still out ttheyre too in several countries, including some that you may not think ttheyre is, ttheyre's still a sizable base in some. Between those three areas, I think we have a lot of opportunity. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Kulbinder. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Yes, thank you. I have one for Luca and one for Tim, please. Luca, typically in tthey fiscal Q4, Apple builds considerable iPhone channel inventory, like 2 million or 3 million units. You're starting from a very low point at tthey end of fiscal Q3, as you mentioned on tthey call, with tthey drawdown. As we think about what's embedded in your guidance for fiscal Q4 for channel inventory for iPhone, should we be expecting a normal seasonal build, or is it likely to be significantly higtheyr given tthey very low starting point? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. As you know, Toni, we do not guide on channel inventory. We've never done that. We are providing a fairly wide range from a revenue standpoint, so obviously that also has an impact on potential channel inventory levels. One thing that I would tell you is that we feel very good about tthey performance of tthey business right now. We think that our Services business will continue to grow well. We've got a lot of momentum on iPad and Mac because we refrettheyyd tthey lineups of those products. Watch and AirPods are doing incredibly well. We're getting a lot of positive customer feedback. And I think in general, even tthey performance in China, Tim has mentioned it. We think that tthey performance will continue to improve. So those are tthey drivers of our guidance range for tthey quarter. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Okay, thanks. Tim, I was wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit about two things that you mentioned in public before. One is television, which you have described as an area of intense interest, but I don't even think ttheyre was an update on Apple TV on ttheir call. So perhaps you can talk to us about how you're thinking about content. I know you're doing some original content creation, and how that area is evolving in your thinking. And ttheyn recently you talked about how Apple is focusing on autonomous systems for automobiles. And ttheyre has been press reports that Apple has been testing autonomous vehicles for potentially up to a year. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about Apple's interest in autonomous vehicles and wtheyttheyr self-driving is really likely to be Apple's principal focus in tthey near to medium-term. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. On tthey first part of your question about original content, we have done some original content. It's focused on Apple Music. Currently, we have some more that's launching in a week or so that will be made available on Apple Music. Tthey objective of ttheir is really twofold. One is for our own learning, given that we're new in tthey video space in terms of creation. And two is to give tthey Apple Music subscriber some exclusive content and hopefully grow our subscriber base. And we've recently hired two great folks with lots of experience in creating content like Breaking Bad and Tthey Crown and some really top-notch content. And so we'll see how ttheir area goes, but it is still an area of great interest. In terms of autonomous systems, what we've said is that we are very focused on autonomous systems from a core technology point of view. We do have a large project going and are making a big investment in ttheir. From our point of view, autonomy is tthey mottheyr of all AI projects. And tthey autonomous systems can be used in a variety of ways and a vehicle is only one. But ttheyre are many different areas of it and I don't want to go any furttheyr with that. But thank you for tthey question. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator That comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Good afternoon. I just have one question for Tim. Ttheir may be a hard question to answer in a condensed way, but how would you describe what you expect tthey most near-term applications will be for developers to target using ARKit? Will it be consumer iPhone and iPad applications, enterprise applications, or I guess some combination of tthey two? And basically, how does ttheir come to market in tthey most significant way in tthey next few quarters as Apple becomes tthey largest global platform for AR as you've talked about? Thanks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Mike, that is a great question. And I could not be more excited about AR and what we're seeing with ARKit in tthey early going. And to answer your question about what category it starts in, just take a look at what's already on tthey web in terms of what people are doing and it is all over tthey place. From entertainment to gaming, I've seen what I would call more small business solutions. I've seen consumer solutions. I've seen enterprise solutions. I think AR is big and profound and ttheir is one of those huge things that we'll look back at and marvel on tthey start of it. So I think that customers are going to see it in a variety of ways. Enterprise takes a little longer sometimes to get going. But I can already tell you ttheyre's lots of excitement in ttheyre. And I think we'll start to see some applications ttheyre as well. And it feels great to get ttheir thing going at a level that can get all of tthey developers behind it, so I couldn't be more excited about it. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Thank you. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Mike. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Amit Daryanani. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys. I guess to start off with, on your Services segment, revenues actually I think accelerated by 400 basis points to worse than what you guys had in tthey first half of ttheir year. Could you just theylp us understand what's driving ttheir? Is ttheyre a way to think about ARPU in a traditional manner within that Services business versus tthey installed base growing? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Amit, Luca. Our Services business is very broad. We've got multiple categories in tthey Services business, so it's difficult to talk about ARPU in general. It doesn't make a lot of sense. Tthey reason for tthey acceleration also theyre is multiple factors. One that is very, very important for us is tthey fact that tthey App Store, which is tthey largest of our Services categories, is seeing an increasingly larger amount of paying accounts. On a year-over-year basis, tthey number of accounts that are actually transacting and paying on tthey App Store is growing very, very well. It is happening for a variety of reasons. One of ttheym, for example, is tthey fact that we are making it easier for customers to pay on tthey App Store. Outside tthey United States, in many markets, not every form of payment is accepted. We are making it easier all tthey time. We launctheyd on Alipay, for example, in China during tthey December quarter. That has obviously theylped a lot with tthey growth in tthey number of paid accounts. And we continue to bring more and more forms of payment in tthey App Store around tthey world. That's a big reason for that. Tthey ottheyr reason why tthey number of paying accounts is growing is tthey fact that tthey quality and tthey quantity of content continues to improve. And so ttheyre's many more ways of experiencing games and entertainment and ottheyr apps on tthey store. We have ottheyr businesses like tthey Apple Music streaming service, which is growing very fast because we just started it a couple of years ago, so we are getting a lot of new subscribers ttheyre. Our iCloud storage business continues to grow very, very fast. So it's multiple services. Tthey number of people transacting on our stores continues to grow. In terms of ARPU, maybe I can make a comment on ARPU specifically related to tthey App Store. What we're seeing and we've seen over a long period of time as we keep track of ttheyse cohorts of customers, we see that as customers get on tthey App Store and start spending on it, we see tthey spending profile is very similar across generations of customers. People tend to spend more over time. Obviously, you have different spending profiles in different geographies around tthey world, but in general you see that trend across tthey board. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Got it, that's really theylpful. And if I could just follow up, on tthey iPhone side, ttheyre's been a large amount of discussion in blogs and among your component suppliers that tthey timing ttheir time may be somewhat different and delayed versus past. Your guide almost seems you're more excited about ttheir iPhone launch versus theirtorically because tthey sequential growth is better. So I guess beyond tthey fact we probably shouldn't read every blog and believe every blog, what do you think is different with ttheir product launch or product availability through tthey cycle versus what you've seen theirtorically? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We have no comment on anything that's unannounced. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Fair enough, I figured it was worth a shot. Thank you. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Amit. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Brian White with Drexel. Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC Yes. Tim, growth in tthey smartphone market is now crawling along at about a low single digit percentage. I know iPhone grew about 2% year over year ttheir quarter, and it looks like you had about a mid-teens market share in units in 2016. So as we look forward maybe three to four years, do you think Apple can expand its unit market share? And if so, what will be tthey drivers be? And my second question is just about India, general thoughts about India in tthey quarter. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Tthey answer to your first question is yes. I do think that we can grow both in units and market share. We don't predict those things, but yes, if you ask me what I think, that's what I think. And so what are tthey drivers? Tthey installed base is growing. It's still growing very strongly. That will generate more upgrades over time. I feel good about our ability to convince people to switch. And wtheyre tthey developed markets tthey first-time buyer rates are down ottheyr than places like Japan perhaps, tthey emerging markets, we haven't even gotten started yet, really. From a revenue point of view, we had very strong growth ttheyre. Emerging markets ex-China were up 18% year on year. It was a record for us, so we see a lot of opportunity in ttheyse markets. We are investing in India. As you mentioned in your second point, we've already launctheyd an app accelerator center. That's on top of working with tthey channel and looking at expanding our go-to-market in general. And we began to produce tthey iPhone SE ttheyre during tthey quarter, and we're really happy with how that's going. And so we're bringing all of our energies to bear ttheyre. I see a lot of similarities to wtheyre China was several years ago. And so I'm very, very bullish and very, very optimistic about India. Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC Great, thank you. Ryan Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks very much, Brian. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And tthey numbers to tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 6376964. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristen Huguet at 408-974-2414. And financial analysts can contact Larry Hoover or me with additional questions. Larry is at 408-974-4570 and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.