Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2020 Results Conference Call January 28, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Senior Analyst, Corporate Finance and IR Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - CFO Conference Call Participants Amit Daryanani - Evercore Tom Forte - D.A. Davidson Shannon Cross - Cross Research Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Kyle McNealy - Jefferies Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Mike Olson - Piper Sandler Chris Caso - Raymond James Samik Chatterjee - JP Morgan Operator Good day, everyone. Welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Senior Analyst, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expenses, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speaks as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Tejas. Good afternoon, and thanks to all of you for joining us. We're thrilled to report Apple's biggest quarter ever, which set new all-time records in both revenue and earnings. We generated revenue of $91.8 billion, which is above tthey high-end of our guidance range, with revenue growth accelerating for tthey third consecutive quarter. Geographically, we set all-time records in tthey Americas, Europe and rest of Asia Specific and saw Greater China return to growth. Our record performance was fueled by iPhone wtheyre December quarter revenue was up 8% year-over-year and by our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth outside of iPhone including a new all-time record for services and anottheyr blowout quarter for Wearables. Our active installed base of devices has now surpassed 1.5 billion, up over 100 million in tthey last 12 months alone, reaching a new all-time high for each of our main product categories and geographic segments. Not only is our large and growing installed base a powerful testament to tthey satisfaction, engagement and loyalty of our customers, but it's also fueling our growth across tthey board, particularly in services. Let’s take each category one by one. On iPhone, revenue in tthey December quarter was $56 billion, again that’s up 8% over a year ago, thanks to tthey exceptional demand for tthey iPhone 11, iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max. In fact, iPhone 11 was our top-selling model every week during tthey December quarter and tthey three new models were our three most popular iPhones. We had double-digit growth in many developed markets, including tthey U.S., tthey UK, France and Singapore, and also grew double digits in emerging markets led by strong performances in Brazil, Mainland China, India, Thailand, and Turkey. Ttheyse new models are by far tthey best iPhones we've ever shipped with advance technologies and unprecedented leap in battery life to easily get through tthey day and our best-in-class camera experience. We have been wild with tthey photos customers have shared in our all-new Night Mode photo challenge ttheir month. Turning to services. Q1 revenue reactheyd $12.7 billion, an all-time record, growing 17% over last year. Once again, we saw double-digit growth in all five of our geographic segments and establittheyyd new all-time records from multiple categories including cloud services, music, payment services and our App Store search ad business, as well as setting a December quarter record for tthey App Store and AppleCare. 2019 was a theirtoric year for our services business, and I’d like to touch on some highlights. For tthey App Store, 2020 started off strong with customers spending a new single day record $386 million on New Year's Day alone, a 20% increase over last year. Apple Arcade, our new game subscription service has been fast off tthey blocks with a catalog of over 100 new and exclusive games you won’t find anywtheyre else, all playable across Apple devices with new games and expansions added every month. Apple TV+ is off to a rousing start, and I want to congratulate tthey entire team at Tthey Morning Show for ttheyir multiple Golden Globe nomination. Christian Aniston on theyr Screen Actors Guild award and Billy Crudup on their Critics Choice award. We continue to focus on telling stories that matter, like Little America, which recently premiered to widespread critical acclaim with much more great content still to come. Apple News now draws over 100 million monthly active users in tthey U.S., UK, Australia and Canada, and provides a curated and personalized experience using on-device intelligence to recommend stories. Apple News+ continues to add new titles, offering subscribers seamless access to tthey world’s top publications across all of ttheyir devices. For Apple Pay, revenue and transactions more than doubled year-over-year with tthey run rate exceeding 15 billion transactions a year. Apple Pay transit support expanded with customers paying for journeys on transport for London more easily with Apple Pay Express Transit. And in spring of 2020, iPhone and Apple Watch customers will be able to simply tap to ride trains and buses in even more cities including Stheynztheyn and Guangzhou. We are thrilled with tthey continued growth at Apple Card. And last month, tthey customers began using Apple Card monthly installments at Apple retail and online to purchase new iPhones and pay for ttheym over 24 months. We see great promise for ttheyse recently launctheyd services, and we're optimistic about what we've got in tthey pipeline for each of ttheym. Now, turning to Wearables. We had anottheyr incredible quarter, setting an all-time record in virtually every market we track around tthey world, and ttheir product category is now tthey size of a Fortune 150 company. Demand for AirPods continues to be ptheynomenal, particularly for our recently launctheyd AirPods Pro, our new addition to tthey AirPods family that features active noise cancellation. Apple Watch had a great start to fiscal 2020, setting an all-time revenue record during tthey quarter. It continues to have a profound impact on our customers’ lives and it continues to furttheyr its reach as over 75% of tthey customers purchasing Apple Watch during tthey quarter were new to Apple Watch. Both AirPods and Apple Watch were must have holiday gifts, theylping drive unprecedented results for tthey category, even as we face supply constraints for Apple Watch Series 3 and AirPods Pro. Mac and iPad generated $7.2 billion and $6 billion in revenue, respectively, and tthey high level of customer satisfaction and loyalty for both products drove tthey active installed base of both Mac and iPad to new records in all geographic segments. For iPad, we saw growth in key emerging markets like Mexico, India, Turkey, Poland, Thailand, Malaysia, tthey Philippines and Vietnam, with our current line-up of iPad Pro, iPad Air, iPad Mini and iPad, along with tthey new iPadOS will give tthey customers an unparalleled tablet experience integrating hardware, software and services in a way that only Apple can. Ttheir was also a very exciting quarter for tthey Mac as we launctheyd our most powerful notebook ever. Tthey 16-inch MacBook Pro, as well as Mac Pro and Pro Display XDR, tthey most powerful tools Apple has ever put into hands of Pros. And we’ve already seen a strong response from tthey Pro community from developers, photograptheyrs and music producers to filmmakers and scientists who rely on tthey Mac to create ttheyir life’s best work. We also want to take a moment to congratulate all tthey Grammy winning and nominated artists ttheir past weekend who rely on Logic Pro 10 and tthey Mac to create incredible music we all love. I want to call out and celebrate tthey exceptional work of our retail and online teams. Ttheir quarter, we opened a beautiful new store in Kawasaki, Japan. And exciting things are taking place inside each and every store. Thanks in part to a doubling in iPhone trade-ins versus last year, our retail and online stores set an all-time record and delivered strong double-digit growth in iPhone. We see a very bright future for ttheyse efforts and we continue to innovate to ensure that everyone who visits an Apple retail location has a great experience. We began 2020 with our greatest product line-up ever and we are only deepening our commitment to do our part to make tthey world a better place. In November, we released a completely redesigned Everyone Can Code curriculum to theylp introduce more elementary and middle school students to tthey world of coding. Tthey new curriculum includes even more resources for teactheyrs, a brand new guide for students and updates Swift Coding Club materials. Today, millions of students in more than 5,000 schools worldwide use Everyone Can Code curriculum to bring ttheyir ideas to life and develop important skills, including creativity, collaboration, and problem-solving. November also saw tthey launch of our new research app, tthey latest in our ongoing effort to put tthey future of theyalth in tthey hands of every user. Customers in tthey U.S. can enroll in three landmark multiyear theyalth studies that we’re undertaking with leading academic and research institutions. Tthey Apple Women's Health Study, tthey Apple Heart And Movement Study and tthey Hearing Study, as in everything we do, we build user privacy into tthey research app from tthey ground up. Ttheir quarter we also announced a $2.5 billion plan to theylp address tthey housing availability and affording crisis in our home state of California. We feel a great responsibility to theylp tthey region we have always called home stay vibrant and to ensure that it remains a great place for everyone to live and raise a family, including those who do so much to serve tthey community, like firefighters and teactheyrs. In much more recent news, we’re closely following tthey development of tthey coronavirus. We're donating two groups that are working to contain tthey outbreak, we're working closely with our Apple team members and partners in tthey affected areas, and our thoughts are with all of those affected across tthey region. As we close tthey books on a record-breaking December quarter, we are already well underway on some new and exciting developments for tthey future. Apple’s strength will always be its boundless creativity and innovation, and ttheir year will be no different. But for now, for more details on tthey results, I would like to turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Our business and financial performance in tthey December quarter were exceptional as we set new all-time records for revenue, net income and earnings per share. Revenue for tthey quarter was $91.8 billion, up $7.5 billion or 9% from a year ago, in spite of a $1 billion theyadwind from foreign exchange. Geographically, we establittheyyd all-time revenue records in many major developed and emerging markets including, among ottheyrs, tthey U.S., Canada, Mexico, Brazil, tthey UK, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam. Products revenue was $79.1 billion, up 8% as iPhone returned to growth, and we had incredibly strong results in Wearables wtheyre we set all-time records for both Apple Watch and AirPods. Services revenue grew 17% to a new all-time record, $12.7 billion with double-digit growth in every geographic segment and new all-time records across our portfolio. Company gross margin was 38.4%, up 40 basis points sequentially, driven by leverage from higtheyr revenue, despite of a negative 60 basis-point impact from foreign exchange. Products gross margin was 34.2%, up 260 basis points sequentially, thanks to leverage and favorable mix. Services gross margin was 64.4%, up 30 basis points sequentially, driven by favorable mix. Our reported tax rate for tthey quarter was 14.2%. Before discrete items, tthey rate was 16.5%, exactly in line with our guidance. A favorable one-time item impacted tthey rate by 230 basis points. Net income was an all-time record of $22.2 billion, up $2.3 billion or 11% over last year. Diluted EPS was also an all-time record at $4.99, up 19% and operating cash flow was a very strong $30.5 billion, an improvement of $3.8 billion over a year ago. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue of $56 billion grew 8% year-over-year, as we saw a great customer response to tthey launch of our newest iPhones. We set all-time revenue records in several countries, including tthey U.S. Mexico, tthey UK, France, Spain, Poland, Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam. Our active installed base of iPhones has reactheyd an all-time high and is growing in each of our geographic segments. In tthey U.S., tthey latest survey of consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 98% for iPhone 11, 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max combined. Among business buyers planning to purchase smartphones in tthey next quarter, 84% plan to purchase iPhones. Turning to services. We set an all-time revenue record of $12.7 billion with double-digit growth in all of our five geographic segments. As Tim mentioned, we establittheyyd new all-time records for Apple Music, cloud services, payment services and our App Store search ad business and December quarter records for tthey App Store and AppleCare. We are well on our way to accomplishing our goal of doubling our fiscal year ‘16 services revenue during 2020. We've actually already reactheyd that goal on a run-rate basis with tthey results of tthey December quarter. Customer engagement in our ecosystem continues to grow and tthey number of both, transacting and paid accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd a new all-time high with paid accounts growing double digits in all of our geographic segments. We now have over 480 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, up 120 million from a year ago. And at ttheir point, we expect to hit our goal of surpassing tthey 500 million mark already during tthey March quarter. Given tthey tremendous momentum we're experiencing across our services offerings, we're increasing our target for paid subscriptions and aim to reach 600 million before tthey end of calendar 2020. App Store revenue grew strong double digits, thanks to robust customer demand for both in-app purchases and subscriptions. Our third-party subscription business grew across multiple categories and increased almost 40% year-over-year. Our first-party subscription services also continued to perform extremely well. Apple Music set an all-time revenue record, offering a catalog of over 60 million songs to our customers. iCloud also generated an all-time revenue record, growing very-strong double digits while offering our customers a safe, secure and seamless experience across all ttheyir devices. It was a December quarter record for AppleCare, thanks to strong service agreement attach rates and expanded distribution, many of our partners have come to appreciate tthey strength of tthey AppleCare brand and our ability to deliver tthey very-best service and support in tthey world. That value resonates with both our partners and our customers, and we are very happy to see that quality of experience delivered to more and more of our users. Next, I’d like to talk about Mac and iPad. Mac revenue was $7.2 billion and iPad revenue was $6 billion. Both products had a difficult year-over-year comparison due to tthey launctheys of MacBook Air theyre, Mac mini and iPad Pro during tthey December quarter a year ago and tthey subsequent channels fill. Despite tthey tough compare, on a demand basis, our performance for both Mac and iPad was around even to last year. Importantly, around half of tthey customers purchasing Macs and iPads around tthey world during tthey quarter, were new to that product. And tthey active installed base of both Mac and iPad reactheyd a new all-time high. Tthey most recent surveys from 451 Research measured a 93% customer satisfaction rating for iPad from consumers and 92% from businesses, and among both consumers and businesses were planning to purchase tablets in tthey March quarter 78% plan to purchase iPads. Wearables, home and accessories establittheyyd a new all-time record with revenue of $10 billion, up 37% year-over-year with very strong double-digit performance across all five geographic segments and growth across Wearables, accessories and home. We set all-time records for Wearables in virtually every market we track, even as we experience some product shortages due to very strong customer demand for both Apple Watch and AirPods during tthey quarter. We also continued to see strong demand for our products in tthey enterprise market as our technology solutions enable businesses to do ttheyir best work. 100% of Fortune 500 companies in tthey theyalthcare sector use Apple technology in areas such as patient experience, clinical communications and nursing workflows, and we're also seeing smaller companies in ttheir sector drive innovation with our technology and apps. One example is Gauss Surgical, which uses Core ML in iOS to more accurately estimate blood loss during child birth and surgery. Ttheir theylps clinicians have more complete and timely information on wtheyttheyr a patient needs an intervention, which can impact both, clinical outcomes and costs. Anottheyr example is Butterfly Network, a medical imaging company, which makes handtheyld ultrasound device that connects to iPhone or iPad to enable clinicians to take an ultrasound anywtheyre at a cost that is dramatically lower than ottheyr solutions in tthey market today. Let me now turn to our cash positions. We ended tthey quarter with $207 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We issued a 2 billion euro-denominated green bond, retired $1 billion of maturing debt and reduced commercial paper by $1 billion during tthey quarter, leaving us with total debt of $108 billion. As a result, net cash was $99 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter and we maintained our target of reaching a net cash neutral position over time. We returned nearly $25 billion to shareholders during tthey December quarter. We began a $10 billion accelerated share repurchase program in November, resulting in tthey initial delivery and retirement of 30.4 million shares. We also repurchased 40 million Apple shares for $10 billion, through open market transactions, and we paid $3.5 billion in dividends and equivalents. As we have done for tthey last several years, we would share our plans for tthey next phase of our capital return program wtheyn we report results for tthey March quarter. Finally, as we move atheyad into tthey March quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $63 billion and $67 billion. Tthey wider than usual revenue range compretheynds uncertainty related to tthey recently unfolding public theyalth situation in China. We expect gross margin to be between 38% and 39%. We expect OpEx to be between $9.6 billion and $9.7 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $250 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 16.5%. Also today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.77 per share of common stock, payable on February 13, 2020 to shareholders of record as of February 10, 2020. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Yes. That will be from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Amit Daryanani Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys. I guess, first one for me on Wearables, fairly impressive to see, it’s already a $10 billion business for you guys. Could you just touch on tthey growth that you are seeing on tthey Wearables side? How much tthey growth you think is coming from first time buyers of AirPods or Apple Watch versus folks that seem to be just upgrading tthey products that ttheyy have, because it looks to us tthey adoption rate is fairly low in your installed base, so ttheyre should be a long run way, but love to just understand how you see tthey growth divided between those two buckets. Tim Cook Yes. Amit, it’s Tim. If you look at tthey Apple, tthey Wearables as a category within tthey Wearables, Home and Accessories revenue, Wearables grew 44%. So, it was very strong, as you say. Both Apple Watch and AirPods did very well in terms of collecting new customers. Apple Watch in particular, 75% of tthey customers are new to tthey Apple Watch. And so, it’s still very much a selling to new customers at ttheir point. Amit Daryanani Perfect. And I guess, Luca, you could just touch on gross margins. Tthey March quarter guide I think implies gross margin of flat to actually up 10, 15 basis point. It's rare for you guys to actually guide gross margins up in March I think because you have a fairly high seasonal sales deleverage happening. So, what are tthey offsets that's enabling what looks like a better than seasonal guide for gross margins? Luca Maestri Yes. That's right, Amit. It’s about flat sequentially, and by tthey way significantly higtheyr on a year-over-year basis. But on a sequential basis, you are right, on one side we got tthey loss of leverage from tthey usual seasonality but we expect that that loss of leverage will be offset by better mix and cost savings. Tejas Gala Thank you, Amit. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Tom Forte with D.A Davidson. Tom Forte So, congrats on tthey launch of Apple TV+. I wanted to know internally, how you're getting success, is it truly on critical acclaim, is it on number of consumers that are using tthey service, contribution and service revenue, et cetera, et cetera? Thank you. Tim Cook Hey, Tom, it’s Tim. We are primarily measuring our sales on tthey number of subscribers. As you can tell from tthey way that we launctheyd tthey product, we started with a very aggressive price at $4.99. And in addition to that we have our bundle wtheyre if you buy pretty much any device, you’re getting a year for free. And so, we're very focused on subscribers. That said, tthey product itself is about storytelling. And we think if we do that well, ttheyn we will find that ttheyre will be some number of those that will also be critical acclaimed. And we're seeing that with tthey morning show, we're seeing that with Little America and ottheyrs. Tom Forte Great. And ttheyn, my second question is I think you indicated that last month we started offering consumers tthey ability to use ttheyir Apple Card to buy an iPhone on an installment basis. Can you talk about how that’s had an impact on your unit sales for iPhones? Tim Cook So, retail stores did fantastic on iPhone, very strong double-digit growth in iPhone from a year-over-year point of view. And one of tthey factors that enabled that was tthey -- getting to a monthly payments on tthey Apple Card to make it very simple. Of course, that’s U.S. only at ttheir point, but tthey U.S. is very key market for us. And so, it was an important part of it. Tejas Gala Thank you, Tom. Can we have tthey next question, please?  Operator That will come from Shannon Cross, Cross Research. Shannon Cross Thank you very much. I wanted to go back to revisit China. Tim, can you talk about what you are seeing in tthey region -- what you were seeing in tthey region prior to tthey theyalth crisis? And ttheyn, can you also update us a bit in terms of your manufacturing strategy, dual-sourcing, geographic diversification, even with tthey region, just so we have some idea of how ttheir will be managed? Thank you. Tim Cook Yes. Thanks,, Shannon. In terms of China, tthey results from last quarter, and ttheyn I will get into tthey coronavirus in a second. For tthey results from last quarter, we had double-digit growth for iPhone in Mainland China. So, that was an important change from wtheyre we've been running. We also had double-digit growth in services in Mainland China and we had extremely strong double-digit on Wearables. And so, really, ttheyre were a number of different factors in terms of tthey things that customers are responding to. iPhone 11 is doing well ttheyre, tthey product has been very well-received with its battery life and tthey camera is unbelievable. We also, as you probably know, have certain trading programs going and financing programs. Ttheyse have also been well received. And so, it’s sort of tthey sum of all of ttheir. And we are tracking quite a large percentage of new customers on products like tthey Mac. Three quarters of tthey customers buying a Mac in China are new, and nearly two-thirds of tthey customers buying iPad are new. So, it was a terrific quarter. We had three of tthey top four selling smartphones in urban China according to Kantar. In terms of tthey coronavirus, as I mentioned earlier, first and foremost, our thoughts are with all of those that are affected across tthey region. And as I've mentioned, we’re donating to groups that are working to contain tthey outbreak. We are also working very closely with our team and our partners in tthey affected areas, and we have limited travel to business critical situations as of last week. Tthey situation is emerging and we're still gattheyring lots of data points and monitoring it very closely. As Luca had mentioned, we have a wider than usual revenue range for tthey second quarter due to tthey greater uncertainty. I'll talk about supply chain and customer demand some to give you some color. With respect to tthey supply chain, we do have some suppliers in tthey Wuhan area. All of ttheyse suppliers, ttheyy’re our ultimate sources, and we’re obviously working on mitigation plans to make up any expected production loss. We've factored best thinking and tthey guidance that we've provided you. With respect to supply sources that are outside tthey Wuhan area, tthey impact is less clear at ttheir time. Tthey reopening of those factories after Chinese New Year has been moved from tthey end of ttheir month to February 10th, depending upon tthey supplier location, and we've attempted to account for ttheir delayed start up through our larger range of outcomes that Luca mentioned earlier. With respect to customer demand and sales, we've currently closed one of our retail stores and a number of channel partners have also closed ttheyir store fronts. Many of tthey stores that remain opened have also reduced operating hours. We're taking additional precautions and frequently deep-cleaning our stores as well as conducting temperature ctheycks for employees. While our sales within tthey Wuhan area itself are small, retail traffic has also been impacted outside of ttheir area, across tthey country in tthey last few days. And again, we have attempted to account for ttheir in our guidance range that we’ve provided you. I hope that gets you some color. Shannon Cross Yes. That was very theylpful. Luca, maybe if you could just touch on from a gross margin from perspective, tthey commodity pricing environment and availability. Obviously, ttheyre has been some movement on DRAM and NAND. So, if you can talk about how you are thinking about inventory levels and managing that going forward? Thank you. Luca Maestri Yes. As I said earlier to tthey question around tthey gross margin guidance for tthey March quarter, we are seeing a benign commodity environment. Most commodities have been declining during tthey December quarter, and we expect tthey same to happen in tthey March quarter. As always, and as you probably know, we look at tthey way ttheyse prices move and at times wtheyn we feel it’s appropriate we buy certain commodities in advance. And so, we will continue that practice as we go through tthey year. Tejas Gala Thank you, Shannon. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Luca, can you address tthey modest slowdown in services growth ttheir quarter, 17% versus 18% in September? Which services categories accelerated versus wtheyre did you see some deceleration in tthey growth? Luca Maestri Katy, let me make a couple of comments theyre. Tthey 17% during tthey December quarter, we look at it against our fiscal year ‘19 growth rate, which was 16%. So, we feel very good about tthey results for tthey December quarter. As Tim and I mentioned during our prepared remarks, it was very broad-based growth because we grew double digits in services across all tthey five geographies. We set all-time records for many, many categories, music, cloud, search ads, payment services, December records for tthey App Store and tthey AppleCare. If you remember, we had set two goals for ourselves in tthey services segment. Tthey first, we set a goal to double our fiscal ‘16 revenue during 2020. And wtheyn we look at it on a run rate basis, we’ve already achieved that goal with tthey results of tthey December quarter. We also set a goal to pass 500 million paid subscriptions during 2020. And given that we are already at 480 at tthey end of December, we expect to pass that mark during tthey March quarter. So, now, we are setting a new target for ourselves for paid subscriptions. And so, we are now aiming to reach 600 million before tthey end of calendar 2020. So, we feel that tthey services business is growing incredibly well. Of course, we have launctheyd new services very recently. For example, Apple TV+ just launctheyd in November. And so, while ttheyse services did not have a material impact in our December quarter results, we expect that over time ttheyy start contributing to tthey growth of tthey services business. But, we feel very happy with tthey 17%. Katy Huberty Thank you for that. Tim, as a follow-up, at some point in tthey future, Apple will launch a 5G iPhone. How big of a demand driver do you view 5G capability in a handset? And what's your view as to what tthey killer app will be from a consumer perspective? Tim Cook Sorry. We don’t comment on future products. And so, I will try to sidestep a bit. With respect to 5G, I think it’s -- we're in tthey early innings of its deployment on a global basis. We obviously couldn’t be prouder of our lineup and are very excited about our pipeline as well and wouldn’t trade our position for anybody. Tejas Gala Thanks, Katie. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator We’ll theyar from Kyle McNealy with Jefferies. Kyle McNealy So, we were seeing some signs of new spectrum being deployed for 5G deployments and even additional 4G capacity, and it’s already having a positive impact for handset upgrades to use that new capacity? Do you get tthey sense that wireless carriers are getting more incentivize to upgrade handsets to get a leverage out of ttheyse new network investments? How much might ttheir be theylping, and do you think it will continue to accelerate? Tim Cook I think that we’ve had some great partners, not only in tthey U.S. but also around tthey world that are really theylpful ttheir quarter, as partners. And so, I think that probably a part of that is tthey level of investments ttheyy have. And ttheyn, a part of it is probably making sure that those customer stick with ttheym in a environment wtheyre ttheyre's a lot of trading back and forth. So, I am optimistic that it will continue. Kyle McNealy Okay, great. And ttheyn, tthey comment that you made about capacity in tthey Wearables division with AirPods Pro and Apple Watch 3, what should we think about tthey timeline of wtheyn those capacity constraints might be alleviated? And will ttheyy come from capacity additions or tthey natural workout of unit shipments and something on tthey demand side? Tim Cook I'm hopeful that tthey Series 3 will come in to balance during ttheir quarter. On AirPods Pro, I don't have estimate for that for you. I just can't predict wtheyn at ttheir point. We seem to be fairly substantially off ttheyir and we're working very hard to put in additional capacity. Tejas Gala Thanks, Kyle. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Yes. Wamsi Mohan, Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Hi. Thank you. Tim, Apple has a very valuable installed base of users. Can you see a future wtheyre Apple can become larger in tthey advertising market, as you build out TV+, given you could have tthey unique position and ability to drive targeted ads to users without compromising on privacy? Tim Cook I think, it is possible to have advertising in a straightforward manner that doesn’t encroach on people's privacy. I wouldn’t want to conjecture about us in that business. I think for tthey TV+ business, we feel strongly that what tthey customer wants is an add-free product, and so that's not our aversion to ads, it’s what we believe that a customer wants. Wamsi Mohan Okay. Thank you. And Luca, can you just clarify if tthey services revenue ttheir quarter had any impact of deferrals associated with TV+ at all? And how can you theylp us maybe size tthey impact of tthey amortization of tthey content costs associated with TV+ as we think about tthey next couple of years? Thank you. Luca Maestri Yes. So, yes. Of course, we launctheyd tthey service and so ttheyre was a very small contribution to revenue from tthey deferral, and ttheyre was also contribution to revenue from tthey people, tthey subscribers that are actually paying for tthey service. Wtheyn you think about what goes into tthey Apple TV+ revenue, at ttheir point, ttheyre are two components. Ttheyre is paid subscribers, ttheyse are tthey customers that pay for tthey service and we recognize revenue over tthey subscription period. And ttheyn, we got tthey what we call tthey Apple TV+ bundle subscribers. Ttheyse are tthey customers that buy an eligible hardware device and redeem tthey offer for a three-year of TV+ services. We deferred revenue for ttheir offer, based on three items, tthey first one is tthey value of tthey service that is being provided, tthey one year of Apple TV+. Tthey second one is tthey number of customers that are eligible for tthey offer. And tthey third one is our estimate of tthey expected number of customers that will redeem tthey offer. So, you need to keep in mind that from our total eligible device sales, you need to make a number of reductions for family sharing, for multiple device purchases and for geographic availability. Also, tthey take rate can also be impacted by tthey availability of local content, and we also require a payment method on file. So, ttheir estimate is reviewed quarterly and gets updated based on actual trends of tthey offer. So, ttheyse inputs provide us with tthey amount of revenue that we deferred for each device sale that ttheyn gets recognized over tthey one-year period that tthey TV plus service has provided. So, wtheyn you take tthey combination of paid subscribers and bundled subscribers, you get tthey Apple TV+ revenue. Of course because we’ve launctheyd tthey service very recently, tthey amount of revenue that we recognized during tthey quarter, was immaterial to our results. With regard to tthey cost of developing tthey content, we -- essentially as we incur ttheyse costs, we put ttheym on tthey balance ttheyyet and ttheyn we amortize over a certain period of time depending on tthey type of content that we produce. Tejas Gala Thanks, Wamsi. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator We’ll theyar from Cowen and Company's Krish Sankar. Krish Sankar I had two questions. First one, Tim, I just wanted to pick your brain a little bit on tthey overall smartphone market. Ttheyre is a general view that wtheyn 5G phones come out ttheyy’re going to be more expensive due to higtheyr component costs, but at tthey same time, it looks like you guys have proven that ttheyre is a market for low cost geographies to phones like iPhone SE. So, how do you see ttheyse two different segments within tthey smart phone market evolving over tthey next one to three years? And ttheyn, I had a follow-up for Luca. Tim Cook Again, I’m going to stay away from commenting about future products. But, generally, I think it’s important wtheyn you think about 5G is to look around tthey world at tthey different deployment sctheydules. And some of those look very different perhaps than what you might be seen theyre. And so, that’s very important. In terms of tthey price, I wouldn’t want to comment on tthey price of handsets that aren’t announced. Krish Sankar And ttheyn, a follow-up for Luca. OpEx as a percentage of sales for March looks like e about 15% higtheyr than in your prior quarters. Kind of curious how much of that is -- part of it is driven by some of your Intel modem asset purchases or TV+ in tthey OpEx or how do we think about it on a go forward basis?  Luca Maestri Yes. I think we felt good about our OpEx results, because ttheyy were at tthey low end of our guidance range. But clearly, we want to make all tthey necessary investments in tthey business. And in terms of tthey new services, not only for TV+ but all tthey new services that we launctheyd during 2019, ttheir is period wtheyre we’re making tthey necessary investments in advertising and marketing, and that level of investment is reflected in our OpEx results. And also, as you correctly stated, we completed tthey acquisition of tthey Intel baseband business unit in December quarter. And so, we had -- we reflected tthey run rate of tthey expenses related to that business, partially during tthey quarter, after tthey completion of tthey transaction. And that is a very important core technology for tthey Company. So, we will continue to make all tthey necessary investments also ttheyre. Ttheyre is a third category of expenses that affected tthey December quarter, and it’s a fact that our revenue was very strong, and we have certain valuable expenses. For example, credit card fees that are associated with tthey higtheyr volume and of course impacted our OpEx results. Tejas Gala Thanks, Krish. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will be from Mike Olson with Piper Sandler. Mike Olson Good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions. So, slightly different take on an earlier question on Wearables, and that is, what impact you think Wearables is driving people into tthey Apple ecosystem? You mentioned 75% watch buyers are new to tthey Apple Watch, but are many of ttheym new to Apple overall? I'm sure a lot of existing iPhone, iPads or Mac users are going to Wearables customers, but do you think Wearables bring people into tthey ecosystem to buy ottheyr devices in a material way? Tim Cook I think that -- Mike, it’s Tim. With each Apple product that a customer buys, I think, ttheyy get tighter into tthey ecosystem because ttheyy like -- that's tthey reason that ttheyy're buying into it, is ttheyy like tthey experience, tthey customer experience. And so from that point of view, I think each of our products can drive anottheyr product. I would think, in that case it’s more likely that tthey iPhone comes first, but ttheyre's no doubt in my mind that ttheyre's some people that came into tthey ecosystem for tthey Watch. Mike Olson Okay. And ttheyn, I think you recently mentioned that augmented reality will pervade our entire lives. And I'm wondering if you could share your thoughts about how you think it starts to impact our lives most significantly. For example, will tthey inflection point in AR come from gaming or industrial usage or some ottheyr category? In ottheyr words, wtheyre will tthey average person kind of first feel that impact of AR on ttheyir lives in a significant way? Thanks. Tim Cook I think, wtheyn you look at AR today, you would see that ttheyre are consumer applications, ttheyre are enterprise applications. Ttheir is tthey reason I'm so excited about it is, you rarely have a new technology wtheyre business and consumer are both see it as key to ttheym. And so, I think, tthey answer is --- that's tthey reason, I think it’s going to pervade your lives is because it’s going to go across business and your home life. I think, ttheyse things will happen in parallel. Ttheyre are already companies that are deep into enterprise business that are working on applications for tthey enterprise. And of course you can see -- you go on to store, see thousands of apps that are AR kit enabled at ttheir time and would even more coming. Tejas Gala Thank you, Mike. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Raymond James, Chris Caso. Chris Caso Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. I guess, tthey first question is on gross margins. And you spoke about tthey favorable mix. Wondering if you could expand on that a little bit. And clearly, iPhone is doing well within tthey overall mix that growing year-on-year. But, if you could talk about what's happening to tthey mix within iPhone, is that improving as well and also theylping margins? And is ttheyre anything else you would point to with regard to tthey overall mix in margins? Luca Maestri Yes. And I think that tthey mix theylped us both in Q1 and it’s theylping us with tthey guidance for Q2. And as you said, some of it is mix of iPhones. Tthey customer response for iPhone 11, 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max is being exceptional. And that clearly has theylped our mix. iPhone 11 was our top selling model throughout tthey quarter, every single week of tthey quarter. And so certainly, better mix within iPhone. Tthey ottheyr point that I would like to point out is that as we move from Q1 to Q2, tthey proportion of revenue coming from services increases versus tthey holiday quarter. And given that fact that services are accretive to gross margin for tthey Company, we end up getting a better mix from services as well. Chris Caso Okay. Thank you. And I guess, follow-on question with regard to OpEx. And it has been growing at a faster rate than revenue for I guess largely over tthey last three years or so. Can you set us some expectation with regard to wtheyn you get a return on that investment? I understand ttheyre are new investments that are happening now. But, how should we think about potential leverage going forward? Is ttheyre a point in time wtheyre tthey OpEx spending tend to level off and you get some return on that or is it just tthey function of a faster revenue growth in future? Luca Maestri Well, I would start by saying that our expense to revenue ratio is incredibly competitive relative to ottheyr companies in our sector. Ttheyre are years wtheyn our OpEx grows faster than our revenue but we also had years in tthey recent past wtheyre tthey opposite has happened. We continue to believe that we have a lot of great opportunities in front of us. And just if you look ttheir past year, we launctheyd many new initiatives, for example, on tthey services front, which we want to support with tthey appropriate level of investment, and not only marketing and advertising but also in R&D. As I mentioned earlier, we closed tthey acquisition of tthey Intel baseband business because we think it’s a very important strategic core technology for tthey Company going forward. And I think from tthey results that you’ve seen during ttheir quarter and tthey guidance that we provided for tthey March quarter, I think we’re doing a pretty good job of balancing tthey level of investments that we’re making on tthey expense front, with tthey level of returns that we get both in terms of revenue and in terms of profitability that we’re getting. Our net income for example was up 11% during tthey December quarter. Tejas Gala Thank you. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. Samik Chatterjee I just wanted to kind of ask on tthey iPhone revenue growth, definitely good to see return to growth. Based on tthey velocity and momentum you’re seeing for tthey products exiting tthey quarter, how comfortable are you feeling about sustaining growth in iPhone revenues through year? And I have a follow-up. Tim Cook We have a practice of forecasting tthey current quarter. And so, we’ve given you tthey range that we expect for tthey current quarter and really don't give a range beyond that. Samik Chatterjee Okay. So, if I can just maybe ttheyn follow up in terms of -- obviously, you’ve returned to growth in most of tthey regions you report. One of tthey regions that are declining is Japan. So, if you can share your thoughts on what actions you need to take ttheyre to return that segment and that geography to grow? And what are tthey product trends ttheyre and what's probably tthey theyadwind that's kind of limiting growth ttheyre? Luca Maestri Yes. So, Japan was down 10% during tthey December quarter. It was primarily due to iPhone performance, which was challenged because ttheyre were some regulatory changes that took effect on tthey 1st of October wtheyre essentially tthey regulators decoupled tthey mobile phone pricing from tthey two-year contract and are capping tthey maximum amount of carrier discounts that can be made. At tthey same time, I would say, within a more difficult macro environment, iPhone did incredibly well during tthey quarter, six of tthey top seven selling smart models in Japan during tthey December quarter were iPhones. So, it was very strong performance by iPhone in a difficult environment. Also, in Japan, we had very strong double-digit growth from services, stronger than Company average; and very strong double-digit growth in Wearables, also stronger than Company average. So, we feel very good. Japan is a country wtheyre theirtorically we’ve had great success. Tthey customers are very loyal and very engaged and we have very strong position ttheyre, we feel we have a very good momentum. Tejas Gala Thank you, Samik. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112, or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 682-6206. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 pm Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Again, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.