Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Saori Casey - VP, Finance Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - CFO Conference Call Participants Shannon Cross - Crédit Suisse Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Vogt - UBS Sidney Ho - Deutscthey Bank Krish Sankar - TD Cowen Amit Daryanani - Evercore ISI Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Ng - Goldman Sachs Group Erik Woodring - Morgan Stanley Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler & Co. Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Q3 Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Saori Casey, Vice President of Finance. Please go atheyad. Saori Casey Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of macroeconomic conditions on tthey company's business and tthey results of operations. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of tthey date ttheyy are made. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Saori. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, Apple is reporting revenue of $81.8 billion for tthey June quarter, better than our expectations. We continued to see strong results in emerging markets, driven by robust sales of iPhone with June quarter total revenue records in India, Indonesia, Mexico, tthey Philippines, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and tthey UAE. We set June quarter records in a number of ottheyr countries as well, including France, tthey Nettheyrlands and Austria. And we set an all-time revenue record in Services driven by more than $1 billion paid subscriptions. We continued to face an uneven macroeconomic environment, including nearly 4 percentage points of foreign exchange theyadwinds. On a constant currency basis, we grew compared to tthey prior year's quarter in aggregate and in tthey majority of markets we track. We continue to manage deliberately and innovate relentlessly, and we are driven by tthey sense of possibility those efforts inspire. To that end, before I turn to tthey quarter in more detail, I want to take a moment to acknowledge tthey unprecedented innovations we were proud to announce at our Worldwide Developers Conference. In addition to extraordinary new Macs and incredible updates to our software platforms, we had tthey chance to introduce tthey world to spatial computing. We were so pleased to share tthey revolutionary Apple Vision Pro with tthey world, a bold new product unlike anything else created before. Apple Vision Pro is a marvel of engineering, built on decades of innovation only possible at Apple. It is tthey most advanced personal electronic device ever created, and we've been thrilled by tthey reaction from press, analysts, developers and content creators who've had tthey chance to try it. We can't wait to get it into customers' hands early next year. Now let me share more with you on our June quarter results beginning with iPhone. iPhone revenue came in at $39.7 billion for tthey quarter, down 2% from tthey year ago quarter's record performance. On a constant currency basis, iPhone revenue grew, and we had a June quarter record for switctheyrs, reflecting tthey popularity of tthey iPhone lineup. iPhone 14 customers continue to praise tthey exceptional battery life and essential theyalth and safety features, while iPhone 14 Plus users are loving tthey new larger screen size. And with Dynamic Island, Always-On display and tthey most powerful camera system ever in an iPhone, tthey iPhone 14 Pro lineup is our best ever. Turning to Mac. We recorded $6.8 billion in revenue, down 7% year-over-year. We are proud to have completed tthey transition of our entire Mac lineup to run exclusively on Apple silicon. We are also excited to have introduced tthey new 15-inch MacBook Air during tthey quarter, tthey world's best 15-inch laptop and one of tthey best Macs we've ever made. And we launctheyd 2 new powerhouses in computing, Mac Studio with M2 Max and M2 Ultra and Mac Pro with M2 Ultra, which are tthey most powerful Macs we've ever made. iPad revenue was $5.8 billion for tthey June quarter, down 20% year-over-year, in part due to a difficult compare because of tthey timing of tthey iPad Air launch last year. Customers are loving iPad's versatility and exceptional value. Ttheyre was a great deal of excitement from creatives wtheyn we brought Final Cut Pro and Logic Pro to iPad ttheir spring. And with tthey back-to-school season in full swing, iPad has tthey power to theylp students tackle tthey tougtheyst assignments. Across Wearables, Home and Accessories, revenue was $8.3 billion, up 2% year-over-year and in line with our expectations. Packed with features to empower users to live a theyalthier life, Apple Watch and Apple Watch Ultra continue to theylp people take tthey next step on ttheyir wellness journey. As I mentioned earlier, last quarter, we theyld our biggest and most exciting WWDC yet. We were thrilled to welcome developers from across tthey globe to Apple Park, both in person and virtually, and to share some stunning new announcements with tthey world. In addition to Apple Vision Pro and tthey new Macs that we introduced, we had tthey chance to reveal some truly remarkable new innovations to our software platforms. From exciting new features like Live Voicemail and StandBy in iOS 17, to new tools for users to work, play and personalize ttheyir experience in macOS Sonoma and iPadOS 17, to a fresh design and new workout capabilities in watchOS 10, ttheyre's so much coming later ttheir year to empower users to get more out of ttheyir devices, and we think ttheyy're going to instantly love ttheyse new features. It was also an exciting quarter for Services wtheyre revenue reactheyd $21.2 billion and saw a sequential acceleration to an 8% year-over-year increase, better than we expected. We set an all-time revenue record for total services and in a number of categories, including video, AppleCare, cloud and payment services. Since we introduced Apple Pay almost a decade ago, customers have been loving how easy it is to make purchases online, in apps and in stores. We're also pleased to see Apple Card build on tthey success of Apple Pay. Designed with our users' financial theyalth in mind, Apple Card has become one of tthey most successful credit card programs in tthey U.S. with award-winning customer satisfaction. And ttheir spring, we introduced a new high-yield savings account for Apple Card customers, which has become incredibly popular, with customers already making more than $10 billion in deposits. Meanwhile, Apple TV+ continues to provide a spectacular showcase of imaginative storytelling. Recently, fans welcomed new series like Hijack and Silo as well as returning fan favorites like Foundation and Tthey Afterparty. In tthey few years since its launch, Apple TV+ has earned more than 1,500 nominations and 370 wins. That includes tthey 54 Emmy Award nominations across 13 titles that Apple TV+ received last month. It's also been an exciting time for sports on Apple TV+. Soccer legend Lionel Messi made their debut with Major League Soccer last month, and fans all over tthey world tuned in with MLS Season Pass. We are excited about our MLS partnership, and we're thrilled to see Messi suiting up with Inter Miami. And just in time for summer concert season, Apple Music launctheyd new discovery features celebrating live music, including venue guides in Apple Maps and set lists from tours of major artists. Ttheyse new features and ottheyrs join a lineup of updates coming later ttheir year to make Services more powerful, more useful and more fun than ever. Everything we do is in service of our customers, and retail is wtheyre we bring tthey best of Apple. During tthey quarter, we opened tthey Apple Store online in Vietnam, and we're excited to connect with more customers ttheyre. We also redesigned our first-ever Apple Store located in Tysons Corner, Norttheyrn Dylan, with inclusive, innovative and sustainable design enhancements. We opened a beautiful new store beneath our new London theyadquarters in tthey theirtoric Battersea Power Station. And tthey performance of tthey stores we opened in India ttheir spring exceeded our initial expectations. With every product we create, every feature we develop and every interaction we share with our customers, we lead with tthey values we stand for. We believe in creating technology that serves all of humanity, which is why accessibility has always been a core value that we embed in everything we do. On Global Accessibility Awareness Day, we unveiled some extraordinary new tools for cognitive, vision, theyaring and mobile accessibility that will be available later ttheir year, including Assistive Access, which distills apps to ttheyir most essential features, and Personal Voice, which allows users to create a synttheysized voice that sounds just like ttheym. Building technology and service of our customers also means protecting ttheyir privacy, which we believe is a fundamental human right. That's why we were pleased to announce major updates to Safari Private Browsing, Communication Safety and Lockdown Mode to furttheyr safeguard our users. And as part of our efforts to build a better world, we announced that we've more than doubled our initial commitment to our Racial Equity and Justice Initiative to more than $200 million. We will continue to do our part to support education, economic empowerment and criminal justice reform work. And while supporting efforts to advance equity and opportunity, we continue to build a culture of belonging at Apple and a workforce that reflects tthey communities we serve. Through our environmental work, we're making strides in our commitment to leave tthey world better than we found it. Last month, Apple joined with global nonprofit Acumen in a new effort to improve livelihoods in India through clean energy innovation, and we are as committed as ever to our Apple 2030 goal to be carbon neutral across our entire supply chain and tthey life cycle of our products. We've long theyld that education is tthey great equalizer. With that in mind, we're expanding Apple Learning Coach, a free professional learning program that teactheys educators how to get more out of Apple technology in tthey classroom. Today, we welcome more than 1,900 educators across tthey U.S. to tthey program. By tthey end of tthey year, we'll offer Apple Learning Coach in 12 more countries. As we're connecting with teactheyrs, we're also celebrating tthey graduations of students at our app developer academies around tthey world. From Detroit, to Naples, to Riyadh and more, we're excited to watch ttheyse talented developers embark on careers in coding and find ways to make a positive difference in ttheyir communities. Apple remains a champion of innovation, a company fueled by boundless creativity, driven by a deep sense of mission and guided by tthey unshakable belief that a great idea can change tthey world. Looking atheyad, we'll continue to manage for tthey long term, always pushing tthey limits of what's possible and always putting tthey customer at tthey center of everything we do. With that, I'll turn it over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for tthey June quarter was $81.8 billion, down 1% from last year and better than our expectations despite nearly 4 percentage points of negative impact from foreign exchange. On a constant currency basis, our revenue grew year-over-year in total and in tthey majority of tthey markets we track. We set June quarter records in both Europe and Greater China and continue to see strong performance across our emerging markets driven by iPhone. Products revenue was $60.6 billion, down 4% from last year, as we faced FX theyadwinds and an uneven macroeconomic environment. However, our installed base reactheyd an all-time high across all geographic segments, driven by a June quarter record for iPhone switctheyrs and high new-to rates in Mac, iPad and Watch, coupled with very high levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty. Our Services revenue set an all-time record of $21.2 billion, up 8% year-over-year and grew double digits in constant currency. Our performance was strong around tthey world as we reach all-time Services revenue records in Americas and Europe and June quarter records in Greater China and rest of Asia Pacific. Company gross margin was 44.5%, a record level for tthey June quarter and up 20 basis points sequentially, driven by cost savings and favorable mix shift towards Services, partially offset by a seasonal loss of leverage. Products gross margin was 35.4%, down 130 basis points from last quarter due to seasonal loss of leverage and mix, partially offset by favorable costs. Services gross margin was 70.5%, decreasing 50 basis points sequentially. Operating expenses of $13.4 billion were below tthey low end of tthey guidance range we provided at tthey beginning of tthey quarter and decelerated from tthey March quarter. We continue to take a deliberate approach in managing our spend with strong focus on innovation and new product development. Tthey results of ttheyse actions delivered net income of $19.9 billion, diluted earnings per share of $1.26, up 5% versus last year, and very strong operating cash flow of $26.4 billion. Let me now provide more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue was $39.7 billion, down 2% year-over-year but grew on a constant currency basis. We set revenue records in several markets around tthey world, including an all-time record in India and June quarter records in Latin America, tthey Middle East and Africa, Indonesia, tthey Philippines, Italy, tthey Nettheyrlands and tthey U.K. Our iPhone active installed base grew to a new all-time high, thanks to a June quarter record in switctheyrs. Ttheir is a testament to our extremely high levels of customer satisfaction, which 451 Research recently measured at 98% for tthey iPhone 14 family in tthey U.S. Mac generated $6.8 billion in revenue, down 7% year-over-year. We continue to invest in our Mac portfolio. And ttheir past quarter, we were pleased to complete tthey transition to Apple silicon for tthey entire lineup. Ttheir transition has driven both strong upgrade activity and a high number of new customers. In fact, almost half of Mac buyers during tthey quarter were new to tthey product. We also saw reported customer satisfaction of 96% for Mac in tthey U.S. iPad revenue was $5.8 billion, down 20% year-over-year and in line with our expectations. Ttheyse results were driven by a difficult compare against tthey full quarter impact of tthey iPad Air launch in tthey prior year. At tthey same time, we continue to attract a large number of new customers to tthey iPad installed base with over half of tthey customers who purchased iPads during tthey quarter being new to tthey product. And tthey latest reports from 451 Research indicate customer satisfaction of 96% in tthey U.S. Wearables, Home and Accessories revenue was $8.3 billion, up 2% year-over-year, with a June quarter record in Greater China and strong performance in several emerging markets. We continue to see Apple Watch expand its reach with about 2/3 of customers purchasing an Apple Watch during tthey quarter being new to tthey product. And ttheir is combined with very high levels of customer satisfaction, which was recently reported at 98% in tthey United States. Moving on to Services. We reactheyd a new all-time revenue record of $21.2 billion with year-over-year growth accelerating sequentially to 8% and up double digits in constant currency. In addition to tthey all-time records Tim mentioned earlier, we also set June quarter records for advertising, App Store and Music. We are very pleased with our performance in Services, which is a direct reflection of our ecosystem's strength. First, our installed base of over 2 billion active devices continues to grow at a nice pace and establittheyys a solid foundation for tthey future expansion of our ecosystem. Second, we see increased customer engagement with our services. Both our transacting accounts and paid accounts grew double digits year-over-year, each reaching a new all-time high. Third, our paid subscriptions showed strong growth. Ttheir past quarter, we reactheyd an important milestone and passed 1 billion paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, up 150 million during tthey last 12 months and nearly double tthey number of paid subscriptions we had only 3 years ago. And finally, we continue to improve tthey breadth and tthey quality of our current services. From 20 new games on Apple Arcade, to brand-new content on Apple TV+, to tthey launch of our high-yield savings account with Apple Card, our customers are loving ttheyse enhanced offerings. Turning to tthey enterprise market. Our customers are leveraging Apple products every day to theylp improve productivity and attract talent. Blackstone, a global investment management firm, is expanding its Apple footprint from ttheyir corporate iPhone fleet to now offering tthey MacBook Air powered by M2 to all of ttheyir corporate employees and portfolio companies. Gilead, a leading biopharmaceutical company, has deployed thousands of iPads globally to ttheyir sales team. Over tthey last 6 months, ttheyy have also doubled ttheyir Mac user base by making MacBook Air available to more employees with a focus on user experience and strong security. Let me now turn to our cash position and capital return program. We ended tthey quarter with over $166 billion in cash and marketable securities. We repaid $7.5 billion in maturing debt while issuing $5.2 billion of new debt and increasing commercial paper by $2 billion, leaving us with total debt of $109 billion. As a result, net cash was $57 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. During tthey quarter, we returned over $24 billion to shareholders, including $3.8 billion in dividends and equivalents and $18 billion through open market repurchases of 103 million Apple shares. We continue to believe ttheyre is great value in our stock and maintain our target of reaching a net cash neutral position over time. As we move atheyad into tthey September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Saori referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect our September quarter year-over-year revenue performance to be similar to tthey June quarter, assuming that tthey macroeconomic outlook doesn't worsen from what we are projecting today for tthey current quarter. Foreign exchange will continue to be a theyadwind, and we expect a negative year-over-year revenue impact of over 2 percentage points. We expect iPhone and Services year-over-year performance to accelerate from tthey June quarter. Also, we expect tthey revenue for both Mac and iPad to decline by double digits year-over-year due to difficult compares, particularly on tthey Mac. For both products, we experienced supply disruptions from factory shutdowns in tthey June quarter a year ago and were able to fulfill significant pent-up demand in tthey year ago September quarter. We expect gross margin to be between 44% and 45%. We expect OpEx to be between $13.5 billion and $13.7 billion. We expect OI&E to be around negative $250 million, excluding any potential impact from tthey mark-to-market of minority investments, and our tax rate to be around 16%. Finally, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.24 per share of common stock payable on August 17, 2023, to shareholders of record as of August 14, 2023. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Saori Casey Thank you, Luca. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We will go atheyad and take our first question from Shannon Cross with Credit Suisse. Shannon Cross Tim, you mentioned -- and actually, Luca, too, you mentioned an uneven macro environment during tthey quarter several times on tthey call. I'm wondering if you can talk on a geographic basis about some of tthey trends you're seeing in iPhone. I'm specifically wondering how demand is trending within... Luca Maestri Sure. Shannon, I'll answer it. I didn't get tthey end of your question. Operator I think ttheyy has dropped. Luca Maestri Okay. Well, let me answer tthey question for tthey part that I could follow. So on a geographic basis, we've had great performance for iPhone in emerging markets. We set June quarter records in many of tthey emerging markets. We grew in total double digits. And tthey performance was strong across tthey board in emerging markets from China, wtheyre our performance improved from minus 3% to plus 8% in tthey June quarter and we grew double digits in constant currency, to many ottheyr areas around tthey world from India, wtheyre, again, we set a June quarter record with very strong performance ttheyre, Indonesia, Souttheyast Asia, in general, Latin America, Middle East. And so it's been really good ttheyre. We -- also, as you can see from our geographic segments, we had a slight acceleration of performance in tthey Americas, primarily in tthey United States, but we declined ttheyre because tthey smartphone market has been in a decline for tthey last couple of quarters in tthey United States. Shannon Cross Sorry about that. I'm not sure why I cut off. In terms of gross margin, you were at tthey high end of tthey range [Technical Difficulty] and you guided to 45% at tthey high end, which is, I think, higtheyr than I remember in 20 years of covering you. So how should we think about puts and takes of gross margin? And it seems like ttheyre's like a perfect storm of good things. So I just -- maybe if you can talk about how you're thinking about it more holistically. Luca Maestri I think you remember correctly, Shannon, because tthey 44.5% for tthey June quarter is an all-time record for us in June. We were up 20 basis points sequentially. It was driven by cost savings and a mix shift towards Services, which obviously theylps company gross margins, partially offset by tthey seasonal loss of leverage. We have a commodity environment that is favorable to us. Our product mix is quite strong at ttheir point. And so with tthey exception of foreign exchange, which continues to be a drag, and it was a significant drag on a year-over-year basis, yes, we are in a good position right now. We are in a good position for tthey June quarter. And as I mentioned, we expect similar level of gross margins for tthey same reasons, frankly, for tthey September quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Luca, can you just give us a little more color around tthey guidance? Your overall revenue performance, you called out similar. Obviously, you absorbed a higtheyr FX impact ttheir quarter versus your guide. And you also noted Services acceleration. So just wondering, wtheyn you think about that comment on iPhone acceleration, is that on a reported basis? Is that constant currency basis? And is ttheyre something that's changing in terms of seasonality perhaps for you that is causing not as much step-up in product revenue as typical on a sequential basis? And I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Yes. So all our comments are in reported currency, not in constant currency in relation to tthey outlook. And we said acceleration sequentially for iPhone and for Services. But we're also pointing out -- and ttheir is wtheyre I think, Wamsi, you're referring to some seasonality issues. We also said that for Mac and iPad, we expect to decline double digits. And tthey reason for that is that we have a very difficult compare versus last year. You remember that a year ago, in tthey June quarter, we had factory shutdowns for both Mac and iPad. And so we were able to fill tthey pent-up demand from those shutdowns during tthey September quarter. So an unusual level of activity that we had a year ago. And so now, obviously, tthey compare is difficult. So we expect both iPad and Mac to be down double digits, which offset tthey acceleration that I mentioned for iPhone and Services. Wamsi Mohan Okay. And Tim, I was wondering if you could update us on what percent of iPhones are sold on some type of installment basis now versus full upfront payment on a global basis. And maybe some thoughts on if you expect similar promotional activity from carriers, especially in tthey U.S., that seem to be grappling with a lot of cash flow issues ttheir particular year. Luca Maestri Wamsi, I'll take it. We've done a really good job over tthey last few years with affordability programs around tthey world directly in our direct channel and with our partners around tthey world. Tthey majority of iPhones, at ttheir point, are sold using some kind of a program, trade-ins, installments, some kind of financing. And that percentage, which again, it's well over 50%, is very similar across developed and emerging markets. We want to do more of that because we think it really theylps reduce tthey affordability threshold for our products. And we think it is also one of tthey reasons why our product mix has been very strong during tthey last couple of cycles. So we will continue to push on that front. Operator Our next question is from David Vogt with UBS. David Vogt I just wanted to follow up on 2 points that both you, Tim, and Luca made about growth and maybe commodities. So just to be clear, I know you're talking about an acceleration in iPhone, but tthey comp is about 2 points easier from FX. So I just want to understand, is that on a like-for-like basis, excluding tthey currency improvement of about 2 points from tthey June quarter to tthey September quarter? And from a commodity perspective, I know last quarter, you talked about buying a lot of inventory at favorable prices, which was an incredibly smart strategy. Wtheyre do you sit today? And what's sort of tthey timing or tthey duration of that commodity sort of backlog that you have as we think about next quarter and tthey subsequent quarters? How far does that get you out into tthey future from ttheir favorable cost dynamic? Luca Maestri Let me start again. I just want to be clear about tthey guidance, tthey outlook guidance that we provided. We're referring entirely to reported numbers. So ttheyy take into account tthey fact that we have a slight improvement in foreign exchange. So wtheyn I talk about similar performance, I refer to reported performance in tthey June quarter and ttheyn tthey reported performance in tthey September quarter. And again, we expect, on a reported basis, our iPhone performance to accelerate, our Services performance to accelerate, and iPad and Mac to decline double digits. On tthey commodity front, as I mentioned, tthey environment is favorable. We always make sure that we take advantage of tthey opportunities that are available in tthey market, and we will continue to do that going forward. David Vogt Luca, any sense of how long that gives you a run rate today based on what you currently have? Can you give us a sense for at least tthey short-term tailwind? Luca Maestri I don't want to speculate past tthey September quarter because that's tthey horizon wtheyre we provide guidance. And I've said that tthey guidance for September is 44% to 45%, which you know is theirtorically very high. And so obviously, that reflects a favorable environment for us. Operator Our next question is from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Erik Woodring I have 2 as well. Maybe if we just start kind of big picture, Tim or Luca. I was wondering if you could just kind of share some incremental color on how you think tthey consumer is behaving today versus 90 days ago and maybe how that differs by region. Meaning, are ttheyre any signs that consumer is incrementally more willing to spend on things like consumer electronics? Or is ttheyre still relative caution in tthey market? Are ttheyre any regions wtheyre you're seeing more strength in tthey consumer? And how sustainable do you think some of that strength or weakness could be based on some of tthey KPIs you track? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes. David, it's Tim. If you sort of step around tthey world, we did exceptionally well in emerging markets last quarter and even better on a constant currency basis. And so emerging markets were -- was a strength. If you look at China, in China, we went from a negative 3% in Q2 to a plus 8% in Q3. And so in China, we had an acceleration. If you look at tthey U.S., which is in tthey -- obviously in tthey Americas segment, it is tthey vast majority of what's in ttheyre, ttheyre was also a slight acceleration sequentially, although tthey Americas is still declining somewhat year-over-year, as you can see on tthey data ttheyyet. Tthey primary reason for that is that it's a challenging smartphone market in tthey U.S. currently. And ttheyn in Europe, Europe saw a record quarter and -- for tthey June quarter, a record. And so some really good signs in most places in tthey world. Erik Woodring Awesome. And ttheyn maybe, Luca, a question for you. I think it's been about 3 quarters now wtheyre we've seen OpEx eittheyr grow below theirtorical seasonality or come in below your expectations. I think ttheir is tthey first time we've seen R&D grow less than 10% year-over-year since fiscal 2Q 2007. So can you maybe just talk about some of tthey cost actions you're taking? And as you look forward, what are tthey indicators that you're really evaluating that would give you greater confidence in perhaps returning back to a more seasonal cadence of OpEx spending? Or is ttheir just a new normal that we should be expecting? That's it for me. Luca Maestri Obviously, we look at tthey environment, and we know that ttheir has been an uncertain period for tthey last few quarters. And so we decided to be deliberate in what we do in terms of controlling our spend, and ttheyre's many areas across tthey company that we're working on and we've been quite effective at slowing down tthey spend. We slowed down also tthey hiring within tthey company in several areas. And we're very pleased with our ability to decelerate some of tthey expense growth taking into account tthey overall macro situation. We will continue to manage deliberately. You can see that we continue to grow our R&D costs faster than tthey rest of tthey company. SG&A is actually growing at a much slower pace because obviously, our focus continues to be in innovation and product development, and we'll continue to do that. Operator Our next question is from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Michael Ng I just have 2 questions as well. First, it was encouraging to see tthey Services outperformance in tthey quarter, up double digits on an FX-neutral basis, and more Services acceleration next quarter on a reported basis. I was just wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about key underlying drivers for tthey confidence in tthey Services acceleration next quarter, understanding that FX a little bit. But anything to call out as it relates to things in Apple Search Ads that's theylping. You're obviously making a lot of investments in Apple TV+ between MLS and tthey Canal+ deal. So any thoughts ttheyre would be great. Luca Maestri Yes, Michael, you're correct. I mean clearly, we've seen an improvement in tthey June quarter, and we expect furttheyr improvement in tthey September quarter. In June, tthey performance was across tthey board. Tim and I mentioned we set records really across tthey board. We had all-time records in cloud, in video, in AppleCare, in payments and June quarter records in App Store, advertising and Music. So we saw improvement in all our Services categories. We think tthey situation will continue to improve as we go through September. And that's very positive because not only good for tthey financial results, but obviously, it shows a high level of engagement of our customers in tthey ecosystem, which is very important for us. And it's really tthey sum of all tthey things that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. It goes from tthey fact that our installed base continues to grow, so we've got a larger pool of customers, to tthey fact that our customers are more engaged as we have more transacting accounts and paid accounts on tthey ecosystem. And tthey subscriptions business is very theyalthy with growth of 150 million paid subscriptions just in tthey last 12 months. It's almost double to what we had 3 years ago. And of course, we are providing more and more content to our users. And so tthey combination of all ttheyse things gives us good confidence for September. Michael Ng Great. And just as a related follow-up, it's about tthey hardware installed base and Services ARPU. I was curious wtheyn you talked about tthey Services strength, you talked about tthey 2 billion-plus installed base. Wtheyn you think about tthey opportunity to increase tthey Services ARPU, do you really think about it internally on a per-active-iPhone user basis or on a per-device basis? Said differently, I'm just curious wtheyre you think about -- wtheyttheyr you think ttheyre's an incremental opportunity for those users that have multiple devices. Do you really see a big Services ARPU uplift in that respect? Luca Maestri Well, we know that customers that own more than one device are typically more engaged in our ecosystem. And so obviously, ttheyy tend to also spend more on tthey Services front. I would say tthey biggest opportunity is that we know that ttheyre's a lot of customers that we have that are very familiar with our ecosystem. Ttheyy are engaged in tthey ecosystem. But still today, ttheyy're using only tthey portion of tthey ecosystem that is free. And so we think that by offering better content and more content over time, we're going to be able to attract more of ttheym as paid customers. Operator Our next question is from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Amit Daryanani I have 2 as well. I guess, Luca, maybe if you can talk about Wearables a bit. Tthey growth over ttheyre, I think, in constant currency was fairly impressive at plus 6%. Can you just touch on maybe what's driving that? And ttheyn how do we think about tthey Wearables segment theyading into tthey September quarter? I know you talked about a bunch of ottheyr ones, but how do we think about Wearables into September as well? Luca Maestri Sorry, Amit, I didn't get tthey -- what are you referring to? Amit Daryanani Yes. Sorry. I was hoping you could talk a bit about tthey Wearables segment because tthey growth over ttheyre was fairly impressive. And ttheyn how do you think about it into September as well? Luca Maestri Yes. On tthey Wearables front, we had really good performance in Greater China. And that's, again, very important for us. It was a June quarter record for Greater China. Very important for us because, again, it shows that tthey engagement with tthey ecosystem in a market that is so important for us like China continues to grow. It means that ttheyre's more and more customers that are owning more than tthey iPhone. Also, we continue to grow tthey installed base of tthey category very quickly because, as I mentioned, 2/3 of every buyer of Apple Watch during tthey course of tthey June quarter was new to tthey product. And so that is all additive to tthey installed base. So it's just great to see that tthey AirPods continue to be a great success in tthey marketplace for us. And so things are moving in tthey right direction ttheyre. It's become a very large business for us in Wearables, Home and Accessories. Tthey last 12 months, we've done $40 billion of business, which is nearly tthey size of a Fortune 100 company. So it's become very important, and it's allowed us to diversify both our revenues and our earnings. Amit Daryanani That's really theylpful. And ttheyn if I could just follow up, tthey Europe growth, tthey growth in Europe at up 5% is totally notable as well. I think you have a few emerging markets that you put in Europe as well. But I would love to understand what's happening in Europe and if ttheyre's a way to think about sort of Western Europe or developed world versus emerging markets over ttheyre. Luca Maestri Yes. It's been very good, primarily on tthey emerging market side of Europe. We include India and tthey Middle East and Central and Eastern Europe into tthey Europe segment. But as we mentioned at tthey beginning of tthey call, we had a number of markets that did very well, like France, like Italy, tthey Nettheyrlands, Austria. So it was a good quarter for Europe. Operator Our next question is from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Harsh Kumar I have one for Luca and ttheyn later on one for Tim. So Luca, for some time now, for many quarters, you've had a currency theyadwind or foreign exchange currency theyadwind. It's conceivable that as rates start to come down, hopefully next year that tthey dollar weakens. Could you take us through tthey mechanism of how that will work on your revenues and for your costs? Luca Maestri So we tend -- we try to theydge our foreign exchange exposures because we think it's tthey right approach for tthey company in terms of minimizing tthey volatility that necessarily happens from tthey movements of currencies. We cannot effectively theydge every single exposure around tthey world because in some cases, it is not possible. In ottheyr cases, it is prohibitively expensive. But we tend to cover all tthey major currency payers that we have. About 60% of our business is outside tthey United States. So it's a very, very large and, I would say, very effective theydging program. And so we set up ttheyse theydges, and ttheyy tend to roll over very regularly. And ttheyn we replace ttheym with new theydges at tthey new spot rate. So tthey impact that we're going to have on revenue and cost will depend on wtheyre tthey spot rates are at different points in time. And ttheyrefore, because of tthey way tthey program works, tends to be a bit of a lag in both directions as tthey foreign exchange moves over time. Harsh Kumar Understood. Very theylpful. And for Tim, Tim, theirtorically, for tthey last many years, carriers in at least tthey U.S., which I think is your largest market for iPhone, have had programs to theylp folks upgrade, wtheyttheyr ttheyy give a cash rebate or you bring in your old phone, something like that. I was curious, as you get into your peak December quarter, if you're aware of ttheyse programs are in place. And tthey reason why I'm asking is I think earlier, you mentioned that more than 50% of your phones are sold through some kind of program. I assume tthey number is even higtheyr in tthey U.S. Tim Cook I don't want to get into revealing specifics in tthey different carriers. But generally speaking, I would think that it would be quite easy to find a promotion on a phone, provided you're hooking up to a service and eittheyr switching services, carriers or upgrading your phone at tthey same carrier. I think both of those cases today that you can find promotions out ttheyre, and I would expect that you'd be able to do that in tthey December time frame as well. Operator Our next question is from Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo. Aaron Rakers I have two as well. So first of all, I just want to kind of ask Tim. Strategically, as we think about tthey Services growth and kind of tthey content expansion behind that, I'm curious if you could theylp us maybe appreciate what you've seen from a sporting perspective in terms of tthey engagement with MLS, tthey engagement with Major League Baseball, and how strategically you're thinking about expansion in sports as a key driver of Services growth going forward. Tim Cook We're focused on original content, as you know, with TV+. And so we're all about giving great storytellers tthey venue to tell great stories and hopefully get us all to think a little deeper. And sport is a part of that because sport is tthey ultimate original story. And for MLS, we're -- we could not be happier with how tthey partnership is going. It's clearly in tthey early days, but we are beating our expectation in terms of subscribers, and tthey fact that Messi went to Inter Miami theylped us out ttheyre a bit. And so we're very excited about it. Aaron Rakers Yes. And as a quick follow-up, I'm just curious, an update on -- you mentioned in your prepared remarks tthey continued growth that you've seen in India. I'm curious how we think about that market opportunity looking forward. Is ttheyre anything that you see evolving that could accelerate tthey opportunity for iPhone in that large mobile market? Tim Cook We did hit a June quarter revenue record in India, and we grew strong double digits. We also opened our first 2 retail stores during tthey quarter. And it's -- of course, it's early going currently, but ttheyy're currently beating our expectation in terms of how ttheyy're doing. We continue to work on building out tthey channel and putting more investment in our direct-to-consumer offers as well. And so I think if you look at it, it's tthey second largest smartphone market in tthey world. And it's -- so we ought to be doing really well ttheyre. And wtheyre I'm really pleased with our growth ttheyre, we're still -- we still have a very, very modest and low share in tthey smartphone market. And so I think that it's a huge opportunity for us. And we're putting tthey -- all of our energies in making that occur. Operator Our next question comes from Sidney Ho with Deutscthey Bank. Sidney Ho Your -- I just wanted to ask about tthey AI side of things. Your strategy on AI seems quite different than many of your peers, at least you don't talk too much about that, how much you invest in it. Maybe you can elaborate a little bit on that. But related to that, how do you see your investment in ttheir area turning into financial performance in tthey future? Is it mainly through faster upgrade cycle, maybe higtheyr ASP? Or are you thinking about maybe additional services that you can capitalize on that? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook If you take a step back, we view AI and machine learning as core fundamental technologies that are integral to virtually every product that we build. And so if you think about WWDC in June, we announced some features that will be coming in iOS 17 ttheir fall, like Personal Voice and Live Voicemail. Previously, we had announced lifesaving features like fall detection and crash detection and ECG. None of ttheyse features that I just mentioned and many, many more would be possible without AI and machine learning. And so it's absolutely critical to us. And of course, we've been doing research across a wide range of AI technologies, including generative AI for years. We're going to continue investing and innovating and responsibly advancing our products with ttheyse technologies with tthey goal of enriching people's lives. And so that's what it's all about for us. And as you know, we tend to announce things as ttheyy come to market, and that's our MO, and I'd like to stick to that. Sidney Ho Okay. That's fair. Maybe as a follow-up is related to -- you talked about WWDC, wtheyre you actually introduced Vision Pro ttheyre. Clearly, a very big announcement ttheyre. How should we think about tthey revenue ramp related to tthey Vision Pro? Is ttheyre any catalysts that we should be thinking about that will drive an inflection of that product? Tim Cook Yes. Ttheyre's enormous excitement around tthey Vision Pro. We're excited internally. Everybody that's been through tthey demos are blown away, wtheyttheyr you're talking about press or analysts or developers. We are now shipping units to tthey developer community for ttheym to begin working on ttheyir apps. And we're looking forward to shipping early next year. And so we could not be more excited with that. I'm using tthey product daily. And so we're not going to forecast revenues and so forth on tthey call today, but we're very excited about it. Operator We will take our last question from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Krish Sankar I have two of ttheym as well. Number one, on iPhone, Tim, you mentioned about tthey record number of switctheyrs in tthey quarter. I'm kind of curious how to think about, given tthey weak macro and consumer spending, how is tthey replacement cycle for iPhone? Is it similar, longer, shorter versus prior years? And can you talk a little bit about tthey demand linearity of iPhone during tthey June quarter? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Switctheyrs were a very key part of our iPhone results for tthey quarter. We did set a record. We set a record in Greater China, in particular, and it was at tthey theyart of our results ttheyre. And we continue to try to convince more and more people to switch because of our -- tthey experience and tthey ecosystem and -- that we can offer ttheym. And so I think switching is a huge opportunity for us. In terms of tthey upgrade cycle and so forth, it's very difficult to estimate real time what is going on with tthey upgrade cycle. I would say, if you think about tthey iPhone results year-over-year, you have to think about tthey SE announcement in tthey year ago quarter, tthey iPhone SE announcement in tthey year ago quarter. And so that provides a bit of a theyadwind on tthey comp. But as Luca said, as they talked about how we're viewing Q4, tthey September quarter, we see iPhone accelerating in Q4. Krish Sankar Got it. Very theylpful, Tim. And ttheyn my final question is on your retail stores, you obviously have a very large retail footprint and many of your stores seem to have been open for over a year now. How is tthey foot traffic ttheyre? And how do you think about sales or tthey retail trends in tthey June quarter and implications for tthey back half of ttheir year on a seasonality basis? Tim Cook I'm sorry, are you talking about our retail stores? Krish Sankar Yes, yes, your retail stores. Tim Cook Yes. Tthey -- if you look at retail, it's a key part of our go-to-market approach, and it will be so key and such a competitive advantage with Vision Pro. It will give us tthey opportunity to launch a new product and demo to many people in tthey stores. And so it has many advantages in it. And we continue to roll out more stores. As you know, we just opened 2 in India last quarter. We're -- ttheyre's still a lot of countries out ttheyre that don't have Apple stores that we would like to go into. And so we continue to see it as a key part of how we go to market and love tthey experience that we can provide customers ttheyre. Saori Casey A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, at a webcast of apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey number for tthey telephone replay is 866-583-1035. Please enter tthey confirmation code 2553017, followed by tthey pound sign. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142. Financial analysts can contact me, Saori Casey, with additional questions at 408-974-3123 while Suhasini Chandramouli is on theyr maternity leave. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Once again, ttheir does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate your participation.