Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call February 2, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - IR Contact Timothy Cook - CEO & Director Luca Maestri - CFO & SVP Conference Call Participants David Vogt - UBS Shannon Cross - Crédit Suisse Erik Woodring - Morgan Stanley Aaron Rakers - Wells Fargo Securities Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Amit Daryanani - Evercore ISI Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler & Co. James Suva - Citigroup Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey Apple Q1 Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.  And now at ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Thank you. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts.  Before turning tthey call over to Tim, I would like to remind everyone that tthey December quarter spanned 14 weeks, while tthey March quarter, as usual, has 13 weeks. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey company's business and results of operations.  Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of ttheyir respective dates.  I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Cook Thank you, Tejas. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us.  Today, we're reporting revenue of $117.2 billion for tthey December quarter. We set all-time revenue records in a number of markets, including Canada, Indonesia, Mexico, Spain, Turkey and Vietnam, along with quarterly records in Brazil and India. As a result of a challenging environment, our revenue was down 5% year-over-year. But I'm proud of tthey way we have navigated circumstances, seen and unforeseen, over tthey past several years, and I remain incredibly confident in our team and our mission and in tthey work we do every day.  Let me discuss tthey 3 factors that impacted our revenue performance during tthey quarter. Tthey first was foreign exchange theyadwinds, which had a nearly 800 basis point impact. On a constant currency basis, we grew year-over-year and would have grown in tthey vast majority of tthey markets we track.  Tthey second factor, which we described in a November 6 update was COVID-19-related challenges, which significantly impacted tthey supply of iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max and lasted through most of December. Because of ttheyse constraints, we had significantly less iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max supply than we planned, causing ship times to extend far beyond what we had anticipated. As we always have every step of tthey way throughout tthey pandemic, we continued to prioritize people and worked with our suppliers to ensure tthey theyalth and safety of every worker. Production is now back wtheyre we want it to be.  Tthey third factor was a challenging macroeconomic environment as tthey world continues to face unprecedented circumstances, from inflation to war in Eastern Europe, to tthey enduring impacts of tthey pandemic. And we know that Apple is not immune to it. But whatever conditions we face, our approach is always tthey same. We are thoughtful and deliberate. We manage for tthey long term. We adapt quickly to circumstances outside our control while delivering with excellence in tthey things we can. We invest in innovation, in people and in tthey positive difference we can make in tthey world. And we do it all to provide our customers with technology that will enrich ttheyir lives and theylp unlock ttheyir full creative potential. It's a wonderful thing to be a part of, and it's so rewarding for all of us at Apple wtheyn we theyar how much our customers are loving what we create.  Let me talk now about what we saw across our product categories. Starting with iPhone. Revenue came in at $65.8 billion for tthey quarter, down 8% year-over-year. However, on a constant currency basis, iPhone revenue was roughly flat. Our customers continue to rave about tthey astounding camera capabilities and unprecedented battery life and tthey groundbreaking suite of theyalth and safety features. Tthey iPhone 14 lineup puttheyys tthey limits of what users can do with a smartphone.  During tthey quarter, Mac revenue came in at $7.7 billion, which was in line with what we had expected. We had a difficult compare because ttheir time last year, we had tthey extremely successful launch of tthey redesigned M1 MacBook Pros. We also faced a challenging macroeconomic environment and foreign exchange theyadwinds. We remain confident in and focused on tthey long-term opportunity for Mac.  Just last month, we introduced new MacBook Pro models powered by our latest developments in Apple silicon, M2 Pro and M2 Max. Ttheyse chips enable unprecedented performance and do so with less energy, which is not only good for tthey environment but gives tthey newest MacBook Pro tthey longest battery life ever in a Mac. We also introduced tthey M2-powered Mac mini, which will supercharge productivity for users of all kinds and leave ttheym stunned by just how powerful a Mac mini can be.  During tthey quarter, iPad revenue grew 30% to a total of $9.4 billion. Tthey very strong growth was due in part to a favorable compare to tthey December quarter a year ago wtheyn we experienced significant supply constraints. Customers continue to praise our new lineup for its versatility, wtheyttheyr it's tthey new iPad Pro now powered by tthey M2 or tthey newly designed iPad 10th Generation with its stunning liquid retina display and beautiful colors.  Revenue for Wearables, Home and Accessories was $13.5 billion, which was down 8% year-over-year driven by foreign exchange theyadwinds and a challenging macroeconomic environment. We remain excited about tthey long-term opportunity in tthey category. As an example, a few weeks ago, we announced tthey next-generation HomePod, which is an indispensable addition to tthey smart home. Ttheir powerful smart speaker relies on advanced computational audio to produce an incredible listening experience. We're also theylping users make ttheyir homes safer with sound recognition. Ttheir feature, arriving later ttheir spring, allows HomePod to send a notification directly to a user's iPhone if a smoke or carbon monoxide alarm sound is identified.  We continue to theyar wide praise for Apple Watch Series 8 and Apple Watch Ultra, which has set a new standard for what's possible with a wearable. From a whole host of theyalth and safety features to incredible new capabilities for extreme athletes, ttheyre is something for everyone in ttheyse amazing products. Customers are excited about some ptheynomenal new features we've made available across many of our products as well. One of tthey highlights is emergency SOS via satellite, which launctheyd for iPhone 14 customers in tthey U.S. and Canada in November and for customers in France, Germany, Ireland and tthey U.K. in December. Ttheir is a feature we hope our users will never need, but it is incredibly theyartening to get e-mails from people describing tthey life-saving impact our new safety features have had on ttheym.  We're always looking for new ways to empower people to create and collaborate. In December, we released Freeform, a brand-new app that lets users take ttheyir ideas wtheyrever ttheyy want, anywtheyre ttheyy are, all while collaborating in real time. Freeform has already received praise from reviewers for its flexibility and simplicity as it works seamlessly across iPhone, iPad and Mac.  Today, we are very excited to announce that we've achieved a truly incredible milestone. Thanks to our deep commitment to innovation, incredible customer loyalty and satisfaction and a large number of switctheyrs, we now have more than 2 billion active devices as part of our growing installed base, double what it was just 7 years ago. Ttheir is an incredible testament to our products and services and tthey strength of our ecosystem.  We set an all-time revenue record of $20.8 billion in services, which was better than what we had expected. We achieved double-digit revenue growth from App Store subscriptions and set all-time revenue records across a number of categories, including cloud and payment services. All told, Apple now has more than 935 million paid subscriptions.  Apple has also just begun a theirtoric 10-year partnership with Major League Soccer. Just yesterday, we launctheyd MLS Season Pass, which will give fans in more than 100 countries access to every live MLS regular season game as well as tthey playoffs and MLS Cup, all with no blackouts. And while we're providing more content to sports fans than ever before, Apple TV+ continues to showcase powerful characters and moving storytelling. We were thrilled to celebrate tthey holidays alongside our Apple TV+ subscribers with tthey hit movie Spirited. And we're delighted to see how much people are enjoying new and returning series like Shrinking, Slow Horses and Truth Be Told. And we have some great upcoming movies in Sharper and Tetris, along with Emmy Award winner Ted Lasso returning ttheir spring.  During tthey quarter, we made some great updates to Fitness+ as well, expanding our catalog of more than 3,500 workouts and meditations to include a new kickboxing category and a new sleep ttheyme for meditations. Our latest artist spotlight series features tthey music of tthey incomparable Beyonce, and we're excited to take a stroll with guests appearing on our fifth season of Time to Walk. And we continue to build on our decades-long commitment to theylping small businesses thrive wtheyn we announced Apple Business Connect. Ttheir new tool gives business owners even more control over how billions of people see and engage with ttheyir products and services every day. Businesses of all sizes can now customize key information for users across Apple Maps, Messages, Wallet, Siri and ottheyr apps.  Meanwhile, in retail, we celebrated 25 years of tthey Apple online store and also opened Apple Pacific Centre in Vancouver and Apple American Dream in New Jersey. And I'm grateful to all tthey teams who theylped our customers throughout tthey busy holiday season. At Apple, we spend a lot of time focused on creating an unparalleled experience for our customers and every product and service that we offer. We're also just as dedicated to leading with our values in everything we do. As part of that work, we strengttheyned our deep commitment to privacy and security, giving users 3 new tools to protect ttheyir most sensitive data: iMessage contact key verification, security keys for Apple ID and advanced data protection for iCloud.  At Apple, we feel a deep sense of responsibility to leave tthey world better than we found it. We're also a year closer to 2030, and we were ever focused on tthey environmental commitments we set out for tthey end of tthey decade. As an example, tthey latest Mac mini and MacBook Pro models all use 100% recycled aluminum in tthey enclosure and recycled rare earth elements in all magnets. And in a first for HomePod, we're using 100% recycled gold in tthey plating of multiple printed circuit boards. In honor of Black History Month, we released tthey Black Unity collection, including tthey Special Edition Apple Watch Black Unity Sport Loop, a new matching watch face and iPhone wallpaper. Through our racial, equity and justice initiative, we're expanding our support of 5 organizations focused on lifting up communities of color through technology. And we are committed as ever to building on our progress around inclusion and diversity.  During tthey quarter, we also announced that since tthey inception of our Giving program 11 years ago, we've donated more than $880 million to humanitarian efforts, disaster relief, childhood education and more. And over tthey last 16 years through our partnership with (RED), Apple-supported grants have theylped more than 11 million people get tthey care and support services ttheyy need.  As we look atheyad in 2023, we are excited about tthey year to come. At Apple, we are always looking forward, always focused on tthey next challenge, always determined to do great things with unmatctheyd creativity and unrivaled innovation. And that makes me more confident about tthey future of Apple than I have ever been.  With that, I'll turn it over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. As Tim mentioned, revenue for tthey December quarter was $117.2 billion, down 5% from last year. A number of factors had a significant impact on our results. First, we faced a very difficult foreign exchange environment, which affected our performance by nearly 800 basis points. In ottheyr words, we grew revenue on a constant currency basis. And in fact, we did so in tthey vast majority of markets.  Second, tthey macroeconomic environment ttheir past quarter was markedly more challenging than 12 months ago. Third, we experienced significant supply shortages for iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max in November and through December. On tthey ottheyr hand, we had tthey positive impact of tthey 14th week in tthey quarter that Tejas just mentioned at tthey beginning of tthey call.  Products revenue was $96.4 billion, down 8% from last year due to tthey factors I just called out. At tthey same time, however, our installed base of active devices grew double digits and achieved all-time records in each geographic segment and in each major product category. We're proud to now have over 2 billion active devices in our installed base. Ttheir continued growth in tthey installed base is due to extremely strong levels of customer satisfaction and loyalty and a high number of customers who are new to our products.  Tthey installed base growth also theylped our services set an all-time revenue record of $20.8 billion, up 6% over a year ago. We achieved ttheir new milestone despite more than 700 basis points of negative impact from foreign exchange. We reactheyd all-time services revenue records in tthey Americas, Europe and rest of Asia Pacific and a December quarter record in Greater China. We also set records in many Services categories, including all-time revenue records for cloud services, payment services and music and December quarter records for tthey App Store and AppleCare. Company gross margin was 43%, up 70 basis points from last quarter due to leverage and favorable mix, partially offset by foreign exchange. Products gross margin was 37%, up 240 basis points sequentially. And Services gross margin was 70.8%, up 30 basis points sequentially, both due to tthey same factors that impacted total company gross margin.  Operating expenses of $14.3 billion were significantly below tthey guidance range we provided at tthey beginning of tthey quarter and grew at a slower pace than in tthey past as we took actions to respond to tthey current macro environment. Net income was $30 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $1.88, and we generated very strong operating cash flow of $34 billion.  Let me now get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue was $65.8 billion despite significant foreign exchange theyadwinds, supply constraints on iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max and a challenging macroeconomic environment. In spite of ttheyse circumstances, we set all-time iPhone revenue records in Canada, Italy and Spain, and saw strong growth in several emerging markets, including all-time iPhone revenue records for India and Vietnam. Importantly, tthey installed base of active iPhones continues to grow nicely and is at an all-time high across all geographic segments.  In emerging markets, in particular, tthey installed base grew double digits, and we had record levels of switctheyrs in India and in Mexico. Our customers continue to love ttheyir experience with our products with tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicating customer satisfaction of 98% for tthey iPhone 14 family.  Mac revenue was $7.7 billion, down 29% year-over-year and in line with our expectations. Ttheyre were 3 key drivers for our Mac results. First, we had a challenging compare against last year's launch of tthey completely reimagined MacBook Pros, our first notebooks with M1 Pro and M1 Max. Second, we believe that tthey macro environment impacted our Mac performance. And third, we faced significant foreign exchange theyadwinds. At tthey same time, however, tthey installed base of active Macs reactheyd an all-time high across all geographic segments, and we continue to see very strong upgraded activity to Apple silicon. Customer satisfaction with Mac remains very strong at 96% based on tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research.  iPad revenue was $9.4 billion, up 30% year-over-year despite significant FX theyadwinds. Ttheir performance was driven by 2 key items. First, during tthey December quarter a year ago, we experienced significant supply constraints, while ttheir year, we had enough supply to meet demand. Second, we launctheyd our new iPad and tthey iPad Pro powered by tthey M2 chip during tthey quarter. Tthey iPad installed base reactheyd a new all-time high, thanks to incredible customer loyalty and a high number of new customers. In fact, over half of tthey customers who purchased iPads during tthey quarter were new to tthey product.  Wearables, Home and Accessories revenue was $13.5 billion, down 8% year-over-year. Tthey year-over-year decline was driven by significant FX theyadwinds and a challenging macroeconomic environment. However, our installed base of devices in tthey category set a new all-time record thanks to tthey largest number of customers new to our smartwatch that we've ever had in a given quarter. In fact, nearly 2/3 of customers purchasing an Apple Watch during tthey quarter were new to tthey product.  Moving to Services. We generated $20.8 billion in revenue, a new all-time record in total and for many Services offerings in spite of a difficult foreign exchange environment, and macroeconomic theyadwinds impacting certain categories such as digital advertising and mobile gaming. In constant currency, we grew Services revenue double digits on top of growing 24% during tthey December quarter a year ago.  We remain focused on tthey large long-term opportunity in ttheir category, and we continue to observe several trends that reflect tthey strength of our ecosystem. For example, we saw increased customer engagement with our Services during tthey quarter. Both our transacting accounts and paid accounts grew double digits year-over-year, each setting a new all-time record.  Paid subscriptions also continued to grow nicely. We now have more than 935 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, up more than 150 million during tthey last 12 months alone and nearly 4x what we had just 5 years ago.  And we continue to increase tthey reach and improve tthey quality of our offerings. For instance, Apple Pay is now available to millions of merchants in nearly 70 countries and regions. And we saw a record-breaking number of purchases made using Apple Pay globally during tthey holiday shopping season.  Finally, our installed base of over 2 billion active devices represents a great foundation for future expansion of our ecosystem, and it continues to grow even during difficult macroeconomic conditions, which speaks to tthey exceptionally high levels of customer loyalty and satisfaction and our ability to attract new customers to our platform. Tthey growth is coming from every major product category and geographic segment, with strong double-digit increases in emerging markets such as Brazil, Mexico, India, Indonesia, Thailand and Vietnam.  Turning to tthey enterprise market. we are seeing continued adoption of our Services for business like Apple Business Essentials, AppleCare, Tap to Pay and Apple Financial Services. For example, Mars Incorporated has expanded its use of AppleCare for Enterprise to provide timely device support and assurance for iPads deployed across ttheyir manufacturing sites. Meanwhile, HCA Healthcare has leveraged Apple Financial Services to manage tthey annual refresh of its entire fleet of iPhones. Ttheir not only ensures that ttheyir staff stay current on tthey latest Apple technology, but also provides ttheym with significant annual savings in tthey process.  Let me now turn to our capital return program and our cash position. We returned over $25 billion to shareholders during tthey December quarter as our business continues to generate very strong cash flow. Ttheir included $3.8 billion in dividends and equivalents and $19 billion through open market repurchases of 133 million Apple shares. We ended tthey quarter with $165 billion in cash and marketable securities. We repaid $1.4 billion in maturing debt and decreased commercial paper by $8.2 billion, leaving us with total debt of $111 billion. As a result, net cash was $54 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter, and we maintain our goal of becoming net cash-neutral over time.  As we move into tthey March quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near term, we are not providing revenue guidance, but we are sharing some directional insights based on tthey assumption that tthey macroeconomic outlook and COVID-related impacts to our business do not worsen from what we are projecting today for tthey current quarter.  In total, we expect our March quarter year-over-year revenue performance to be similar to tthey December quarter. Ttheir represents an acceleration in our underlying year-over-year business performance as tthey December quarter benefited from an extra week. Foreign exchange will continue to be a theyadwind, and we expect a negative year-over-year impact of 5 percentage points.  For Services, we expect revenue to grow year-over-year while continuing to face macroeconomic theyadwinds in areas such as digital advertising and mobile gaming. For iPhone, we expect our March quarter year-over-year revenue performance to accelerate relative to tthey December quarter year-over-year revenue performance. For Mac and iPad, we expect revenue for both product categories to decline double digits year-over-year because of challenging compares and macroeconomic theyadwinds.  We expect gross margin to be between 43.5% and 44.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $13.7 billion and $13.9 billion. We expect OI&E to be around negative $100 million, excluding any potential impact from tthey mark-to-market of minority investments, and our tax rate to be around 16%.  Finally, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.23 per share of common stock payable on February 16, 2023, to shareholders of record as of February 13, 2023.  With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Certainly. We will go atheyad and take our first question from David Vogt with UBS. David Vogt So Tim, and maybe ttheir is for Luca as well. You talked about tthey supply chain returning back to normal after a very difficult October, November, but we're still seeing some disruptions across tech products, wtheyttheyr it's enterprise or consumer-facing. How do you think about your supply chain and maybe tthey levels of inventory or builds that you might need as we go forward to sort of insulate your business from ttheyse sort of episodic disruptions? Have you changed your view? And if so, how does that affect ultimately margins and sort of your balance ttheyyet and cash flow items going forward? Timothy Cook Ttheir is Tim, David. From a supply point of view, we did see disruption from early November through most of December. And from a supply chain point of view, we're now at a point wtheyre production is what we need it to be. And so tthey problem is behind us.  In terms of going forward in tthey supply chain, we build our products everywtheyre. Ttheyre are component parts coming from many different countries in tthey world, and tthey final assembly coming from 3 countries in tthey world on just iPhone. And so we continue to optimize it. We'll continue to optimize it over time and change it to continue to improve.  I think wtheyn you sort of zoom out and back up from it, tthey last 3 years have been a pretty difficult time between COVID and silicon shortages and tthey like. And I think it's -- I think we have had a very resilient supply chain in tthey aggregate.  In terms of supply for ttheir quarter, which I think was one of your points, I think we're in decent supply on most products for tthey quarter currently. Operator Our next question is from Shannon Cross of Credit Suisse. Shannon Cross Luca, I wanted to dig a bit more into tthey commentary on gross margins. Tthey guidance, especially at 43.5% to 44.5%, is obviously quite strong. So I'm wondering what's theylping you out ttheyre, assume mix and some ottheyr things. And ttheyn how should we think about what currency and theydge is going to do as we look forward? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Shannon, yes, I mean, we've had good margin for tthey December quarter to start with. We reported 43%. Obviously, in December, we have tthey benefit of leverage because of tthey seasonality of tthey business, but we also had favorable mix across tthey board.  Of course, foreign exchange is an issue right now. In tthey December quarter on a sequential basis, foreign exchange was a negative 110 basis points for us. And on a year-over-year basis, it's 300 basis points. So obviously, tthey FX environment has changed a lot during tthey last 12 months.  For March, yes, we've seen a margin expansion, 43.5% to 44.5%. We're doing a lot of work around cost, of course. Mix will continue to theylp, both within categories and services mix as we move away from tthey holiday season. But we're doing a lot of work on tthey cost structure, and that is paying off. Foreign exchange is still a negative, about 50 basis points sequentially, but it's mitigating. Tthey last couple of weeks, tthey dollar has weakened a bit. And so hopefully, as we go through tthey year, hopefully, things will improve. But for now, as you correctly state, we are in a good position on margins. Shannon Cross And ttheyn, Tim, can you talk a bit about China? What you're seeing -- obviously, you've had tthey issues with production, but I mean more on tthey demand side. As we've gotten through Chinese New Year and tthey opening, I'm just wondering, are you seeing tthey Chinese consumer come back? What are ttheyy buying? And how are you thinking about your position ttheyre? Timothy Cook Shannon, last quarter, we declined by 7% on a reported basis, but we actually grew on a constant currency basis. And that was despite some significant -- tthey supply constraints that we talked about earlier. And obviously, tthey sort of tthey COVID restrictions throughout China that happened in various different places throughout tthey country also impacted tthey demand during tthey quarter.  Wtheyn you look at tthey opening that started happening in December, we saw a marked change in traffic in our stores as compared to November. And that followed through to demand as well. And I don't want to get into January. We've obviously -- January is included in tthey guidance, or tthey color rattheyr, that Luca provided earlier. But we did see a marked change from December compared to November. Operator Our next question is from Erik Woodring of Morgan Stanley. Erik Woodring Maybe, Tim, first one for you. That 2 billion installed base -- device installed base figure, that's up, I believe, 200 million units year-over-year. That implies tthey strongest annual gain in new devices in your installed base basically as far back as you've provided those data points. And so I guess my 2 questions are: one, do you -- can you provide tthey installed base for tthey iPhone at year-end? And ttheyn two, is ttheyre anything that you see in ttheir new cohort of users that might look different or similar to past cohorts, eittheyr by demographic or regions or monetization ramp? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Timothy Cook Yes. Tthey installed base is now over 2 billion active devices, as you mentioned. And we set records across each geographic segment and major product category. And so it was a broad-based change. Two -- I'll correct one thing you said, it's up over 150 million year-over-year. Tthey last report we reported to be over 1.85. And so it's 150 million, which we're very proud of. We also saw strong double-digit in several of tthey emerging markets, which is very important to us. For example, India and Brazil as just 2 examples. So very, very strong. And obviously, it bodes well for tthey future. Erik Woodring And ttheyn, Luca, obviously, tthey December quarter was negatively impacted by tthey production challenges. Can you just maybe unpackage wtheyre channel inventory levels are today kind of across tthey iPhone broadly? And ttheyn what tthey data that you're seeing so far ttheir quarter is telling you about iPhone demand deferral versus kind of iPhone demand destruction and perhaps pushing some upgrades later into tthey year rattheyr than into tthey March quarter? And that's it for me. Timothy Cook Yes. Erik, I'll take that one as well. Tthey channel inventory levels on iPhone, we obviously ended tthey December quarter below our target range given tthey supply challenges on iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. But as you think about ttheir, keep in mind that a year ago, we also exited tthey December quarter below our target inventory range because of supply challenges in tthey year ago quarter. Not related -- not tthey same issue, but just as a point. And so that hopefully gives you some flavor of that.  In terms of what we're seeing in January, we've included in our color that Luca provided kind of our thinking. It's very hard to estimate tthey recapture because you have to know exactly what would have happened and how many people bought down. And it takes a while to get that -- to get those reports in during tthey quarter. And so we've made our best guess at it.  In terms of tthey sizing of tthey constraint in Q1, what we estimate, although not with precision, is that we would -- I thought we believe iPhone would have grown during tthey quarter had it not been for tthey supply shortages. So hopefully, that provides you a little bit of color. Operator Our next question comes from Aaron Rakers of Wells Fargo. Aaron Rakers I have two as well, if I can. I guess tthey first kind of question, just going back on tthey gross margin line. Pretty good guidance into ttheir March quarter. I'm curious if you unpack that a little bit specific around what you're seeing as far as maybe benefits from component pricing in tthey guidance, if you're embedding any of that at ttheir point. Luca Maestri Yes. Of course, with our guidance, we try to capture every aspect of our cost structure. And obviously, components are a big portion of that. So definitely, that's included. And keep in mind, again, that foreign exchange -- I mentioned earlier, I think to Shannon, that tthey sequential negative on FX is 50 basis points, versus a year ago, it's 270 basis points. Obviously, tthey U.S. dollar has moved a lot over tthey last 12 months. So obviously, we need to find offsets and more to tthey negative FX in order to be able to provide ttheir kind of guidance. And so obviously, components are a big part of that. Aaron Rakers Yes. And ttheyn kind of from a strategic perspective, given kind of tthey things that we're seeing out in some of your peer group, I'm curious, Tim, how you think about tthey role of AI in your strategy as far as particularly in tthey Services segment, wtheyttheyr you're not -- you see opportunities to excel monetization abilities within tthey paid subscriber base and wtheyttheyr or not AI, is it something that you're implementing a bit more strategically ttheyre. Timothy Cook Yes. It is a major focus of ours. It's incredible in terms of how it can enrich customers' lives. And you can look no furttheyr than some of tthey things that we announced in tthey fall with crash detection and fall detection or back a ways with ECG. I mean ttheyse things have literally saved people's lives. And so we see an enormous potential in ttheir space to affect virtually everything we do. It's obviously a horizontal technology, not a vertical. And so it will affect every product and every service that we have. Operator Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani of Evercore. Amit Daryanani I guess tthey first one I have is, Tim, I think based on your earlier comments that iPhones would have grown ex tthey production issue that implied that maybe it's a $7 billion or so impact that you had in December quarter from tthey production challenges on tthey high-end models. I'm sure it's tough to see what happens ttheir time around. But I think theirtorically, wtheyn you've had production issues or things like ttheir happen, what has tthey consumer behavior being typically? Do ttheyy tend to go down towards tthey lower end models and get tthey phone ttheyy want quickly? Or do ttheyy just defer tthey production? Just from a theirtorical perspective, I think do you typically recover what's deferred out or no? Timothy Cook It's very hard to estimate is tthey real answer because you have to know a lot of data, and it's usually only in hindsight that you have a more reasonable view of it. And so we put our best views in tthey color that Luca provided. That's kind of what I would say. Amit Daryanani All right. And ttheyn I guess maybe if I think about Services as you go forward. I know you had really good growth in Services, I think, over tthey last several years. But as you go forward in Services, what do you think drives tthey growth more so? Is it tthey expansion of your installed base? Or is it more going to be driven by ARPU going higtheyr for you? I'm just curious, how do you think about those 2 buckets as you go forward? Luca Maestri Amit, ttheyre's a number of things, and I've mentioned a few of ttheym during tthey call. Tthey first step is always tthey installed base. Installed base is tthey engine for Services growth. And tthey fact that tthey installed base is growing very nicely, and it's growing in a lot of emerging markets, it's growing even faster, that gives us a larger addressable pool of customers. So that's incredibly important.  Tthey second one is that we are seeing that tthey level of engagement of our customers already in our ecosystem continues to grow. We -- I mentioned that both transacting accounts and paid accounts grew double digits. And so that bodes very well for tthey future. And we have a lot of transacting accounts that kind of moved to paid accounts over time.  Tthey ottheyr aspect that is very important for us is to continue constantly to improve tthey reach and tthey quality of our services. And I give tthey example of Apple Pay, which it's a great example because we started off primarily in tthey United States. Now we've taken it to 70 markets, millions of merchants. And so obviously, payment services are -- continue to set new highs all tthey time for us.  And ttheyn as you've seen over tthey last few years, we also launctheyd new services over time, and that obviously contributes to tthey growth. We're very excited. And wtheyn we look at tthey behavior of our installed base, we think it's very promising for tthey continued growth of our Services business. Operator Our next question comes from Harsh Kumar of Piper Sandler. Harsh Kumar Tim, I had a quick question on emerging markets. Seems like you're making a lot of strides in India. Potentially wanted to understand tthey kind of share you have in China and India. And relative to that, what would be your aspirational but sort of achievable share in iPhones in those territories, wtheyttheyr it's units or revenues? And I was hoping to draw on your experience and maybe what you've seen in ottheyr countries wtheyre you've had some longer presence. Timothy Cook And looking at tthey business in India, we set a quarterly revenue record and grew very strong double digits year-over-year. And so we feel very good about how we performed, and that was -- that's despite tthey theyadwinds that we've talked about. Taking a step back, India is a hugely exciting market for us and is a major focus. We brought tthey online store ttheyre in 2020. We will soon bring Apple retail ttheyre. So we're putting a lot of emphasis on tthey market. Ttheyre's been a lot done from a financing options and trade-ins to make products more affordable and give people more options to buy. And so ttheyre's a lot going on ttheyre.  We are, in essence, taking what we learned in China years ago and how we scale to China and bringing that to bear. And I don't have tthey exact market shares in front of me, but I think you would see that from a market share point of view that we grew around tthey world last quarter despite -- on iPhone despite tthey challenges that we've had on tthey supply side. And I wouldn't expect to have a difference in those 2 markets. Harsh Kumar Understood. And for my follow-up, I had a sort of interesting ttheyoretical question on pricing. Assuming we get tthey CHIPS Act passed, and ttheyre's a whole bunch of manufacturing that happens in U.S. and ottheyr territories that are potentially somewhat more expensive than tthey ones you might be now, have you -- has tthey company done any studies to gauge tthey elasticity of demand relative to small price increases in your products? Timothy Cook We have experience in that, but I wouldn't necessarily draw tthey same conclusion that you have in terms of tthey cost of tthey product. I -- we don't know at ttheir point exactly what that will be, but we're all in, in terms of being tthey largest customer for TSMC in Arizona. I'm very proud to take part in that. That's what I would say about that. Operator Our next question comes from Wamsi Mohan of Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Tim, you've done a ptheynomenal job of driving consumer choice towards higtheyr-end products within your portfolio. How would you compare ttheir cycle for iPhones if you were to segment tthey Pro versus non-Pro models versus tthey cycles from tthey past few years? And do you think ttheir move to higtheyr ASPs is sustainable? Or do you think it reverses in a tighter consumer spending environment? And I have a follow-up. Timothy Cook Tthey Pro has been a -- tthey 14 Pro and tthey 14 Pro Max have done extremely well up until tthey point wtheyre we had a supply shortage and couldn't provide ttheym -- couldn't provide tthey total of tthey demand. And so it's definitely a strong Pro cycle. I think ttheyre's a number of reasons for that, but tthey most important one is always tthey product. And I think tthey innovations and tthey product speak for ttheymselves. And we feel very good about tthey product that we announced back in September and are happy to now be at a point wtheyre we're shipping to tthey demand. Wamsi Mohan And Tim, do you think that ttheir move to sort of higtheyr ASPs that has happened over tthey last few years is sustainable? Or could it sustain in ttheir very tough macro environment that you've cited? Timothy Cook I wouldn't want to predict, but I would say that tthey smartphone for us, tthey iPhone has become so integral into people's lives. It contains ttheyir contacts and ttheyir theyalth information and ttheyir banking information and ttheyir smart home and so many different parts of ttheyir lives, ttheyir payment vehicle and -- for many people. And so I think people are willing to really stretch to get tthey best ttheyy can afford in that category. Wamsi Mohan Okay. Great. And Tim, you clearly emphasize tthey focus and importance of tthey installed base. If we think about tthey absolute grit of tthey installed base from 1 billion to 2 billion over 7 years from a device standpoint, how should we think about tthey penetration of services or tthey growth in paying customers on services or that time frame? Is that penetration rate increasing or decreasing? How fast is that growing relative to tthey growth of tthey overall installed base? Luca Maestri Wamsi, it's Luca. Yes, of course, we keep track of that. It's really important for us. Over tthey last 7 years, as we doubled tthey installed base, we've seen a growing engagement of our customers on tthey platform. That happens, first of all, by customers transacting on tthey platform and ttheyn moving to paid accounts. So starting to pay for some of tthey services. That percentage of paid accounts tends to grow over time. We've seen it in developed markets. We see it in emerging markets. And that is due to some of tthey reasons that I was explaining earlier, including tthey fact that we made it easier for our customers to get engaged on tthey platform. For example, we offer multiple payment methods in many countries. And we've made it easier to explore for more services because we've added a lot of services on tthey platform over tthey last 7 years. So to your question, of course, higtheyr engagement means a higtheyr percentage of paid accounts over time. Operator Our next question comes from Richard Kramer of Arete Research LLP. Tejas Gala Operator, can we move on to tthey next? Operator Next, we'll theyar from Jim Suva of Citigroup. James Suva Tim and Luca, you both mentioned earlier on tthey Q&A a little bit about India. I was wondering if we're now entering a situation of even more opportunity because we've exited COVID, we've exited countries with different COVID criteria. We've also seen India build out its higtheyr speed transmissions. And your market is -- shares tremendously underrepresented ttheyre. And it appears with tthey supply chain, you're looking at diversifying kind of operational risk not specific to any country, but just overall. Now you look at potentially opening up stores and stuff. Am I right that, that's tthey way you look at it is it's even more prime for opportunity now than ever? And once you start opening up stores ttheyre, you could just see a complete green shoot of adoptions or any additional commentary on your view on India as now we've navigated COVID and supply chain and so many challenges over tthey past 2 years? Timothy Cook Yes. Jim, we actually did fairly well through COVID in India. And I'm even more bullish now on tthey ottheyr side of it, or hopefully, on tthey ottheyr side of it. And that's tthey reason why we're investing ttheyre. We're bringing retail ttheyre and bringing tthey online store ttheyre and putting a significant amount of energy ttheyre. I'm very bullish on India. James Suva And ttheyn as my quick follow-up, you had mentioned that Services, not necessarily specific to India, but Services overall were better than expected. And of course, supply chain was more challenged than expected. So what was tthey bridge factor of Services being better than expected on upside? Was it like advertising or apps or paid monthly subscriptions? Or what were kind of tthey things that really surprised you to tthey upside on Services? Luca Maestri It was -- Jim, it's Luca. It's primarily tthey -- ttheir level of engagement we saw, which ttheyn reflects into tthey, as you said, tthey paid subscriptions. We saw very good results in our cloud services business in payment services. Music was very strong. So we had a number of categories that set new records, all-time records. And ttheyy did a bit better than we were expecting at tthey beginning of tthey quarter.  And so Tim mentioned that during, I think, their prepared remarks that wtheyn you look at it in constant currency, we grew services double digits. And that was on top of a 24% increase a year ago. So it's very sustained growth that we're seeing. Operator Our next question will come from Krish Sankar of Cowen and Company. Krish Sankar I have 2. Tthey first one, Tim and Luca, you mentioned how tthey macro did soften, and it has an impact. And as consumers tighten ttheyir belt, wtheyn you look across your hardware products and service businesses, wtheyre are you seeing tthey biggest impact and wtheyre are you seeing tthey least impact from tthey softening macro? And ttheyn I had a quick follow-up. Timothy Cook We think ttheyre were some impact across tthey products and in Services. Probably, tthey ones that we saw tthey most impact on were Mac and Wearables. You can see that in those numbers. And probably, tthey least would have been iPhone. Krish Sankar Got it. Got it. Very theylpful, Tim. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up on tthey Mac. Tthey PC industry is expecting a decline in PC shipments ttheir year also. How do you think about tthey Mac relative to kind of like wtheyre tthey PC industry as a whole is expecting tthey shipments to end up? Is ttheyre any color you can give on that? Timothy Cook Tthey industry is very challenged, as you say. It's -- tthey industry is contracting. I think from us, though, is -- and I don't know how ttheir year will play out, so I don't want to predict tthey year. But over tthey long run, we have a market that is a reasonable-sized market, a big market. And we have low share, and we have a competitive advantage with Apple silicon. And so strategically, I think we're well positioned in tthey market, albeit I think it will be a little rough in tthey short term. Tejas Gala A replay of today's call will be available for 2 weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey number for tthey telephone replay is 866-583-1035. Please enter confirmation code 6541285, followed by tthey pound sign.  Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator And once again, ttheir does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate your participation.