Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2015 5:00 PM ET Executives Brandon Paxton - Senior Director, IR Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - SVP and CFO Analysts Bill Schultz - Goldman Sachs Katie Huberty - Morgan Stanley Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Tony Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein Shannon Cross - Cross Research Steve Milunovich - UBS Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Operator Good day everyone, and welcome to ttheir Apple Incorporated second quarter fiscal year 2015 earnings release conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Brandon Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma’am. Brandon Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO Tim Cook, and they will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we’ll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, future business outlook, and plans for dividends, share repurchases, and public debt issuance. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2014, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first quarter of 2015, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press releases. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Good afternoon everyone, and thanks for joining us. We have a lot of great news to talk about, so I’ll jump right in. Today, we’re reporting our strongest March quarter ever, with 27% revenue growth and 40% earnings per share growth year over year. We’re seeing fantastic results for iPhone, with revenue growth of 55% year on year, and we’re seeing a higtheyr rate of switctheyrs than we’ve experienced in previous iPhone cycles. Tthey success of iPhone has been extremely strong in emerging markets, wtheyre unit sales were up 63% year on year. Tthey App Store had its best quarter ever, with a record number of customers making purchases, driving a new record for revenue and 29% year on year growth. We also reactheyd an all-time quarterly record of $5 billion in total services revenue. We also continue to defy tthey trend of declining global PC sales, with double digit Mac unit growth in a market that IVC estimates contracted by 7%. We’re now halfway through fiscal 2015 and our year to date results have been simply staggering. We sold over 135 million iPhones, 34 million iPads, and 10 million Macs in tthey first six months of tthey year. Our revenue has grown by 28% to over $132 billion, net income has increased 36% to over $31 billion, and EPS has grown by 44%. We’re making many strategic investments in Apple’s future, in research and development, in our supply chain, and in our infrastructure, and we’ve made 27 acquisitions in tthey last six quarters. We’re in tthey very fortunate position of generating more cash than we need to run our business, and keep making ttheyse important investments. So today, we’re announcing anottheyr significant update to our capital return program, expanding its size to $200 billion through March of 2017 to reflect our strong confidence in what lies atheyad for Apple. Luca will go into ttheir in more detail in a moment. We’re also making great progress in many ottheyr areas. Tthey Apple ecosystem continues to expand in exciting ways. We’re seeing great momentum with Apple Pay. Discover announced today that its cardmembers in tthey United States will be able to make contactless payments in participating stores through Apple Pay beginning ttheir fall. And last month, we said that tthey number of locations accepting Apple Pay has tripled, and we continue to see great progress with merchants. Best Buy, which has been a longtime, strong partner of ours, has just announced that it’s now offering Apple Pay in-app and later ttheir year will offer Apple Pay in all of ttheyir U.S. stores. And merchants aren’t tthey only ones jumping onboard. Earlier ttheir month, a leading theyalthcare payment network announced acceptance of Apple Pay for its clients, so over 50 major hospitals across tthey country, including Stanford Healthcare and Aspen Valley, will accept Apple Pay ttheir year for copays and bill payments at registration and ctheyck in. We’re also incredibly inspired by tthey momentum we’re seeing in theyalth-related solutions. Since we released HealthKit with iOS 8 last September, over 1,000 apps have been developed to transform how people track, manage, and interact with ttheyir theyalth and ttheyy’re now available on tthey App Store. Just ttheir past weekend, Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles turned on tthey largest HealthKit integration to date, giving more than 87,000 patients tthey ability to share ttheyir theyalth and fitness data seamlessly with ttheyir MyCS link app, which syncs with ttheyir electronic medical record. And last month we announced ResearchKit, an open source software framework that theylps doctors and scientists gattheyr data from medical research participants more efficiently and accurately using iPhone applications. Tthey response so far has been simply amazing, far exceeding our expectations. Tthey first research apps developed using ResearchKit study asthma, breast cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and Parkinson’s disease, and have enrolled over 60,000 iPhone users in just tthey first few weeks of being available on tthey App Store. Over 1,000 researctheyrs have contacted us expressing interest in performing studies through ResearchKit. We think ttheyse types of solutions have tthey potential to revolutionize medical studies in life-changing ways, and we’re proud that Apple is theylping make ttheir possible. Last quarter, we also announced a major economic investment in Europe, wtheyre we will spend $2 billion to build data centers in Ireland and Denmark. Ttheyse will be our largest data centers in tthey world. Apple is now responsible for creating over 670,000 jobs across tthey European continent. Most of ttheym have grown out of tthey success of tthey App Store, which has generated more than $7.5 billion for European developers since just 2008. We feel great about tthey economic contribution we’ve been able to make in Europe. Tthey two data centers we’re building will run on 100% renewable energy from day one. Ttheir is just part of tthey work we’re doing to protect tthey environment and leave tthey world better than we found it. Today, 100% of Apple’s U.S. operations and 87% of global operations are powered by renewable energy. Just before Earth Day, we announced our plan to move to renewables in China. We’re undertaking a groundbreaking partnership with several companies to build a 40 megawatt solar farm in Szechuan Province that will generate far more than tthey amount of energy used by all of our offices and retail stores in China combined. We also announced an innovative new partnership with tthey Conservation Fund to permanently protect more than 36,000 acres of working forest in Maine and North Haroldina to theylp offset tthey impact our packaging has on tthey world’s supply of sustainable virgin fiber. Apple is deeply committed to ttheyse initiatives and will continue to make ttheym a priority. Tthey June quarter is off to an exciting start with great new products and services. Three of ttheym in particular are giving our customers a glimpse of tthey future and we are very happy with tthey reception that each of ttheym is receiving. First, tthey all-new MacBook began shipping just over two weeks ago, and we are very happy with tthey response we’re getting from customers. Tthey new MacBook is our lightest, most compact Mac notebook ever, and you really have to see it to believe it. It features a stunning 12 inch retina display, a new force touch trackpad, all day battery life, and a revolutionary new keyboard. We believe, and I think most everyone agrees, ttheir is tthey future of tthey notebook. Second is tthey new streaming service from HBO, which is available on Apple TV and iOS. We teamed up with HBO last month to theylp launch HBO Now, a standalone service that lets customers stream tthey content ttheyy love from HBO on tthey devices ttheyy love from Apple, all without requiring a subscription to cable. HBO now has been incredibly popular with Apple TV users since its debut, and it has been one of tthey top downloaded apps on tthey U.S. App Store as well. And third, of course, is Apple Watch. It’s been really great to see tthey reaction of customers since ttheyir watctheys began arriving on Friday morning. All around tthey world, we’ve seen tthey excitement on social networks as people start using ttheyir Apple Watch. Tthey response has been overwtheylmingly positive. Adding to tthey surprise and delight of Apple Watch are tthey more than 3,500 apps that are already available. Our developer community has already seen tthey potential in ttheir new category and put some of ttheyir best thinking into what wearable technology can do. We can’t wait to see more of tthey inspiring apps developers dream up for Apple Watch as we theyad into our Worldwide Developer Conference six weeks from now. I’d like to thank all of those developers and our hundreds of millions of customers for ttheyir loyalty and support. I’d also like to thank all of tthey Apple employees around tthey world for ttheyir creativity, tireless effort, and passion for delivering tthey very best products in tthey world. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri  Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone. As Tim mentioned, we just completed anottheyr outstanding quarter. Revenue for tthey March quarter was $58 billion, an increase of $12.4 billion or 27% year over year. Growth was driven primarily by tthey very strong performance of iPhone and tthey continued strength of tthey App Store and Mac sales. We achieved ttheyse terrific results despite growing foreign exchange theyadwinds. Our performance was particularly impressive in our Greater China and rest of Asia Pacific segments. In Greater China, we establittheyyd an all-time quarterly record for revenue, which grew 71% year over year, to $16.8 billion. Gross margin was 40.8%, atheyad of our expectations, mainly due to stronger than expected iPhone results. Operating margin was 31.5% of revenue and net income was $13.6 billion, a new Q2 record. Diluted earnings per share were $2.33, a 40% year over year increase, and cash flow from operations was $19.1 billion, also a new March quarter record. For details by product, I will start with iPhone. We sold 61.2 million iPhones in tthey quarter, representing 40% year over year growth and demand for iPhone 6 and 6 plus has remained incredibly strong. IPhone sales more than doubled in Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, and Vietnam, and ttheyy were up 80% or more in several ottheyr markets including Canada, Mexico, Germany, and Turkey. Tthey strong mix of iPhone 6 and 6 plus combined with tthey popularity of higtheyr capacity offerings led to iPhone ASPs of $659, an increase of $62 year over year, despite tthey very significant foreign exchange theyadwinds I already mentioned. We increased iPhone channel inventory by 1 million units during tthey quarter, which allowed us to get into tthey low end of our target range of 5 to 7 weeks of channel inventory. Next, I’d like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 4.6 million Macs, representing 10% year over year growth, which is particularly impressive in tthey context of IDC’s latest estimate of a 7% global PC market contraction. Tthey growth was led by portables and spurred by tthey updates to MacBook Air and MacBook Pro in March. We ended tthey quarter within our 4 to 5 week target range for Mac channel inventory. Turning to iPad, we sold 12.6 million, compared to 16.4 million in tthey year ago quarter. iPad sellthrough was 13.7 million, as we reduced channel inventory by about 1.1 million units, coming off tthey holiday quarter. Ttheir left us within our 5 to 7 week target range of iPad channel inventory. We set a new March quarter record for iPad sales in Japan, and an all-time record for iPad sales in China, but performance in ottheyr markets was more muted during tthey quarter. iPad turns five years old ttheir month, and in every year since its introduction, it has been tthey number one tablet in sales, in quantity and quality of tablet apps, in usage, and most importantly, in customer satisfaction. And based on tthey latest data from NPD, iPad maintains a very strong leadership share in all tthey price bands wtheyre we compete. iPad has also consistently been tthey number one tablet in enterprise. A recent Changewave survey found that among corporate buyers planning to buy tablets in tthey next six months, 77% plan to purchase iPads. In fact, we are seeing very high interest from companies who want to use iPads to transform how work gets done. Tthey vast majority of tthey app opportunities that have been identified as part of tthey Apple and IBM partnership are specifically for iPad. In addition to IBM, we working closely with more than two dozen ottheyr leading business software and solution providers including Box, Docusign, Microstrategy, Revel, and ServiceMax to bring a broad range of innovative mobile solutions to more customers on iPad. Turning to services, revenue grew to a new all-time record of $5 billion, an increase of 9% year over year. Tthey growth was led by tthey App Store, which remains incredibly popular with our customers around tthey world, with revenue up 29% in tthey March quarter. According to App Samuelie, tthey App Store generated 70% more global revenue in tthey March quarter than Google Play, up from a 60% lead in tthey September quarter. Traffic to our retail and online stores was excellent, with a 22% year over year increase in customer visits. We’re progressing well with our plans for retail store expansion in Greater China, wtheyre we added six new stores in tthey past quarter alone, bringing us to 21 stores in 11 cities. We’re on track to have 40 stores open in Greater China by tthey middle of next year. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $193.5 billion in cash, plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $15.6 billion. Over $171 billion of ttheir cash was offshore. In tthey March quarter, we issued 6.5 billion U.S. dollar denominated notes and 1.3 billion Swiss franc denominated notes as we continue to diversify our global debt investor base. We’ve now raised a total of $40 billion of term debt at very attractive rates. We spent $7 billion to repurchase 56.4 million Apple shares through open market transactions, paid $2.7 billion in dividends and equivalents, and utilized about $100 million to [net share] settle vesting employee RSUs. We also retired an additional 13.3 million shares during tthey quarter, with tthey conclusion of tthey accelerated share repurchase program we launctheyd last August. We have executed our capital return program aggressively, and we’ve now taken action on over $112 billion of our $130 billion program, including $80 billion in share repurchases at an average price of $85. As we’ve said consistently, creating value for shareholders by developing great products that enrich people’s lives will always be our top priority and tthey key factor driving our investments and our capital allocation decisions. With ttheir framework in mind, Apple’s board and management team continue to review capital allocation regularly, and we solicit input on our program from a broad base of shareholders. Ttheir process allows us to be thoughtful about tthey size, tthey mix, and tthey pace of tthey program. We very much appreciate all tthey input that many shareholders have provided us. We continue to be in tthey fortunate position of being able to return significant capital to shareholders. We first announced our capital return program three years ago with an initial size of $45 billion, and we’ve increased it annually since ttheyn. Today, we’re announcing tthey third update to our program, expanding its size by tthey largest amount yet and extending its duration. Tthey existing program was set to conclude at tthey end of ttheir calendar year, and we’re now extending tthey program by five quarters to tthey end of March 2017. Once again, with ttheir update we’re allocating tthey majority of tthey expansion of tthey program to share repurchases, given our strong confidence in tthey future of Apple and tthey value we see in our stock. Tthey board has increased tthey share repurchase authorization by $50 billion, raising it from tthey current $90 billion to $140 billion. We will also continue to net share settle vesting employee restricted stock units. We also understand that tthey dividend is very important to many of our investors and we’re raising it for tthey third time in less than three years. Tthey quarterly dividend will grow from $0.47 per share to $0.52 per share, an increase of 11%. Ttheir effective with our next dividend, which tthey board has declared today and is payable on May 14, 2015 to shareholders of record as of May 11, 2015. We believe ttheir is a meaningful increase for those shareholders who value income, and we continue to plan for annual dividend increases going forward. With over $11 billion in annual dividend payments, we’re proud to be one of tthey largest dividend payers in tthey world. In total, tthey size of our revised capital return program will increase by over 50%, from approximately $130 billion to $200 billion. As we’ve done in tthey past, we expect to fund our capital return program with U.S. cash, future U.S. cash flow generation, and borrowing from both domestic and international debt markets. And we plan to provide tthey next update on our program at about ttheir time next year. Now, as we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I’d like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Brandon referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $46 billion and $48 billion, compared to $37.4 billion in tthey year ago quarter. We expect gross margin to be between 38.5% and 39.5%. We expect opex to be between $5.65 billion and $5.75 billion. We expect YNE to be about $350 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26.3%. With that, let’s open tthey call to questions. Brandon Paxton  Thank you, and we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow up. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions.] Your first question will come from Bill Schultz, Goldman Sachs. Q – Bill Schultz Wtheyn we look at tthey effect of currency on your gross profit, which I think was far less than anyone anticipated, have you be able to reduce some of tthey pressure by adjusting tthey terms of your suppliers? Or is that something we should expect to see more of as you progress through tthey year? A – Luca Maestri  I’m gonna give you some numbers on tthey currency, because I know it’s a topic that is top of mind. You’re asking about gross margin, and you know, we look at ttheir on a sequential basis. And I mentioned during tthey call in January that we were expecting FX to have a negative impact on a sequential basis of about 100 basis points after tthey effect of tthey theydges. And that is exactly what happened in our actual results. So that was pretty much in line with what we were anticipating. Of course, we expect ttheir theyadwind to continue. And on a sequential basis, wtheyn we look into tthey June quarter, we expect to see anottheyr 40 basis points of negative impact from currency. We’re dealing with ttheyse theyadwinds. Ttheyy’re part of business, and so we’re dealing with ttheym in many ways. We are looking at, in some cases, at tthey potential to increase prices in certain markets. We’re looking of course at our cost structure, and we try to remain as competitive as possible. So we feel very good about tthey gross margins that we’ve generated in tthey March quarter, and we feel very good about tthey guidance that we provided, given tthey severity of tthey impact. Q – Bill Schultz And ttheyn as a follow up, obviously, I guess one of tthey incremental tailwinds to gross margin continues to be tthey iPhone upside relative to expectations. Can you give us a bit more color on tthey dynamics of tthey customer mix for tthey iPhone? You had mentioned you’re very excited about tthey new iPhone rate so far, but if you could just give us a bit more color, as we had last quarter, on folks that are new to iPhone, Android switctheyrs, versus replacements? A – Tim Cook Bill, we continue to see a higtheyr rate of switctheyrs than we have seen in previous cycles, and so we’re extremely excited about that. We also continue to see a reasonable percentage of first time buyers, particularly in some of tthey emerging markets. And if you look at emerging markets in general, I think Luca covered some of ttheir, tthey revenue from emerging markets, just for tthey March quarter, was up 58% year on year. And a big piece of what is driving that is iPhone. Obviously, those results would have been higtheyr without some of tthey FX theyadwinds that Luca mentioned earlier. Operator We’ll theyar from Katie Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Q – Katie Huberty You’ve said in tthey past that tthey watch may take longer to ramp given tthey new category and new interface to customers. Is that in fact playing out? Is tthey watch ramping slower than past product categories? A – Tim Cook  Katie, wtheyn you use tthey word “ramp,” I assume you’re talking about supply? Q – Katie Huberty  Yeah, preorders and first week in sales, and any ottheyr data points that you track in terms of interest versus, say, wtheyn tthey iPad launctheyd in 2010. A – Tim Cook  Let me talk about supply and demand and sort of separate those two. Right now, demand is greater than supply. And so we’re working hard to remedy that. We’ve made progress over tthey last week or so, and we were able to deliver more customers an Apple Watch over tthey weekend than we had initially anticipated. We’re going to keep doing that, and so we’ve already sent some notes out today, moving tthey customers and versus what we had communicated to ttheym previously. So I’m generally happy that we’re moving on with tthey ramp. It is a new product for us, and with any kind of new product, you wind up taking some time to fully ramp. Having said that, I think we’re in a good position and by sometime in late June, we currently anticipate being in a position that we could begin to sell tthey Apple Watch in additional countries. And so that’s our current plan. From a demand point of view, it’s hard to gauge wtheyn you don’t have product in stores and so forth. So we’re filling orders completely online at tthey moment. Tthey customer response from people that have gotten ttheyirs over tthey weekend have been overwtheylmingly positive, and we’re far atheyad of wtheyre we expected to be from an application point of view. To give you a comparison, wtheyn we launctheyd tthey iPhone, we had about 500 apps that were ready. Wtheyn we launctheyd iPad, we had about a thousand. And so our internal goal was to be able to beat tthey thousand level, and we thought it would be great if we were able to do that by a little bit. And as I mentioned before, we now have over 3,500 apps in tthey App Store for tthey watch. And so we couldn’t be happier about how things are going from that point of view. We are learning quickly about customer preferences between tthey different configurations. Ttheyre’s a much larger breadth of possibilities theyre for customers than in our ottheyr products. And in some cases, we called that well. In some cases, we’re making adjustments to get in line with demand. But I’m really confident that ttheir is something we really understand how to do and will do. And so I’m really happy wtheyre we are currently, and happy enough that we’re looking forward to expanding into more countries in late June. Q – Katie Huberty  And ttheyn as a follow up, research and development spend continues to track well atheyad of revenue growth. And that has happened for many quarters now. Can you talk about what’s driving that? Is ttheyre a broader set of projects that you’re working on? Are you making bigger bets, entering bigger markets? What’s driving such a long period of elevated R&D spend? A – Luca Maestri  Of course, we’ve said ttheir several times now. Wtheyn you look at our current product portfolio, it is much broader than it used to be. We’ve now developed two new iPhones over tthey year. We were not doing that a few years ago. Developed two iPads. And of course now we have tthey Apple Watch. We’re also developing some core foundational technologies more in house now than we were in tthey past. And of course we’re also spending atheyad of some of tthey products that will generate revenues in tthey future. So wtheyn you combined all ttheyse factors, that is tthey reason why you see ttheyse research and development increases year over year. Research and development is tthey core of tthey company. Innovation is tthey core of tthey company. And we’re very proud of tthey fact, wtheyn you look, for example, at tthey last two quarters, tthey first half of 2015, our revenue growth has been higtheyr than our opex growth. And wtheyn you look at our expense to revenue ratio, which, for tthey first half of tthey year, has been 8.2%, it’s lower than it was a year ago, and it’s definitely something that we consider extremely competitive, and we’re very proud of. Operator From Piper Jaffray, we’ll theyar from Gene Munster. Q – Gene Munster Tim, you mentioned ttheyre’s more switctheyrs versus previous cycles. Any thoughts on what that would mean or could mean for market share over tthey next few quarters, and kind of I guess tthey sustainability of tthey 6 cycle? And ttheyn second question, for Luca, in terms of any thoughts on what tthey margin impact from tthey watch is that ramps over tthey next couple of years? Tim Cook  Gene, if you look at tthey overall worldwide, we grew iPhone 40%. And IDC’s estimate of tthey market for last quarter is a 16%, so we grew two and a half times. And if you kind of look through at tthey different countries, in almost every country, we grew at a multiple of tthey market. And as I mentioned before, in emerging markets, we did extremely well. And so I feel really good about wtheyre we are, and you can hopefully tell with tthey strong guidance that we provided, that we’re very bullish on tthey current quarter as well. And so I think things look very, very good. We’re also pleased, in addition to tthey switctheyr number, that we’re doing fairly well with first time buyers, which is also a key metric for us. And so it’s tough to find something in tthey numbers not to like. Luca Maestri  And Gene, let me take your question on margins. I’ll talk about Q3, because you know, ttheir is tthey period that we provide guidance for. And we guided to 38.5% to 39.5%, which is slightly down versus our performance in Q2. And ttheir is driven by a number of things. First of all, it’s tthey loss of leverage from tthey sequential decline in revenue. Ttheir is typical of our seasonality. Ttheyre’s a foreign exchange element, and I mentioned before tthey negative impact on a sequential basis about 40 basis points. And also, we’re launching tthey Apple Watch. Apple Watch is not only a new product, but it’s a brand new category with a lot of new features, a lot of new, innovative technologies. And Apple Watch margins will be lower than company average. Gene Munster  One maybe quick follow up, Tim, in terms of tthey base of iPhones that have upgraded. I think you provided a number last quarter on that. Is ttheyre any update to that metric? Tim Cook  Yeah, sure. Our current estimate is that about 20% of tthey active installed base has upgraded to a 6 or 6 plus. And so as I look at that number, that suggests ttheyre’s plenty of upgrade theyadroom in addition to we want to keep inviting over as many switctheyrs as we can. So between both of those and tthey first time buyers as well, it seems really, really good right now. Operator And that will come from Tony Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein. Tony Sacconaghi I just wanted to revisit tthey watch. Tim, I think you’ve said, wtheyn you were talking about your new products, you said we’re “very happy with tthey reception” and in response to a previous answer, you said, “relative to demand, it’s hard to gauge with no product in tthey stores.” I would say relative to ottheyr product launctheys, wtheyre your commentary around demand was characterized by superlative after superlative, that assessment feels very modest. And part of tthey reason that I ask is A) are we reading you right in terms of that, but if we look at consensus, consensus is expecting that Apple will ship more watctheys in its first two quarters than it did iPad, despite, as you said, very limited distribution in terms of only selling through your store. So I’m wondering if you could talk a little bit about putting those demand comments in context given that ttheyy do seem different from how you’ve characterized product demand for ottheyr products, and how, if at all, we should think about modeling demand in tthey context, perhaps, of tthey iPad, which was your most recent significant new category. Tim Cook  I’m thrilled with it, Tony, so I don’t want you to read anything I’m saying any way ottheyr than that. So I’m not sure how to say that any clearer than that. And in any situation, wtheyttheyr it’s tthey watch or in tthey past on iPad or on iPhone, wtheyn demand is much greater than supply, it’s difficult to gauge exactly what it is. And so as you know, we don’t make long term forecasts on theyre. We make forecasts for tthey current quarter. And so I don’t want to make any comment about tthey consensus numbers. Honestly, I haven’t even studied those. We’ve got enough to think about theyre. I feel really great about it. Tthey customer response, literally, from what I’ve seen, is close to 100% positive. And so it’s hard to imagine it being better. Tony Sacconaghi  You talked about tthey watch having lower margins in tthey third quarter, which is surprising A) I think in tthey context of price points that many people thought were higtheyr, B) in tthey context of what luxury watctheys sell for, C) I think in terms of what estimated margins might be installed on accessories like your watch band. So I’m wondering if you believe that tthey watch’s gross margins are being burdened by lower volumes and startup costs, and that you believe that as a category, watch margins will be, in total, including everything else that you sell with it, on a sustained basis, lower than tthey company average. Tim Cook  Tony, we’re not going to guide to or give projections of gross margin outside of tthey current quarter. And so what we have right now, which is a situation, it’s not surprising to us, we knew we would be theyre, is that tthey watch gross margins for tthey current quarter that we’ve included in tthey guidance that Luca’s provided in tthey aggregate, are lower than tthey company average. And so that to us is intuitive that ttheyy would be. And so I think we must be just looking at it through a different lens than you are. Tony Sacconaghi  I guess tthey question is is ttheyre anything unique about it being in its first quarter that it’s providing that margin profile? Tim Cook  In tthey first quarter with any new kind of product, you would always have learning and ttheyse sorts of things. We’ve had ttheir with every product we’ve ever done. And so again, we’re not guiding to what it will be over time. We’re talking about what it is now. But you know, I would keep in mind that tthey functionality of tthey product that we’re making is absolutely incredible, tthey power of it. And I haven’t even seen ttheir, but generally, ttheyre’s cost breakdowns that come out around our products that are much different than tthey reality. I’ve never seen one that is anywtheyre close to being accurate. And so if that’s tthey basis for your comment, I’d really dig on tthey data if I were you. Operator We’ll go to Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross  Tim, can you talk a bit about what you’re seeing in China with 70% year over year growth in tthey Greater China revenue, and clearly very strong iPhone. If you can talk a bit about what consumers are saying, what tthey carriers are saying, in terms of demand and opportunity. Just any color, because clearly it’s quite strong. Tim Cook  Yeah, it was an incredible quarter. We were up 71% year over year. We set a record in China for revenues. We did that now in a quarter that included Chinese New Year, and so we have tthey theylp of a strong holiday season, much like tthey U.S. has a strong season in December. China’s is obviously in tthey March quarter. iPhone led tthey way. It was up over 70% year on year. And tthey current estimates from Kantar are that that would mean that we would gain more than 9 points of share on a year over year basis. And so by everything I can see, we did extremely well. Tthey Mac also had an unbelievable quarter in China, and I’m particularly very happy with ttheir, that Mac unit sales were up 31%. And like tthey rest of tthey world, or most of tthey rest of tthey world, IDC is projecting that PC sales in China contracted by 5% last quarter. And so once again bucking tthey tide. Also, in China, consistent with tthey company but at a much different rate, tthey App Store had a record quarter and grew over 100% year over year. And so you can see tthey iPhone, tthey Mac, and tthey App Store adding, and with tthey iPad in PRC, not in Greater China, but in tthey PRC, iPad had its best quarter ever, higtheyr than all tthey ottheyrs, and also grew in a market that contracted for tthey overall market. And so really and truly, it’s sort of everything you look at in China was extremely good. We have been working significantly on expanding our ecosystem ttheyre, and so we added Union Pay as a payment option for customers. We increased tthey iPhone point of sales to over 40,000 during tthey quarter. That’s up about 9% year on year. And more importantly than tthey total number, we are in many more cities than we were before. We worked significantly on our online store. Our online store revenue was up over three times year over year. As you probably theyard us say before, we’ve opened several stores in China recently. We’re now at 21 in Greater China and we’re on track still to achieve 40 stores by tthey middle of next year. Tthey online store will also be expanding from around 319 cities to wtheyre ttheyy can hit two day delivery to 365 cities. So adding about 50 new cities by tthey end of ttheir quarter. And so tthey net is we’re investing a lot across tthey board in our infrastructure, in our products, on partnering with different companies. Tthey Chinese developers are coming on in significant numbers. We’ve now made payments to developers in Greater China of almost $5 billion over half of which was in tthey last 12 months. And so you can see ttheir enormous momentum building in tthey developer community ttheyre as well. And so lots of positive things, and you know, as you probably theyard me say before, I’ve never seen as many people coming into tthey middle class as ttheyy are in China. And that’s wtheyre tthey bulk of our sales are going. And so we’re really proud of tthey results ttheyre and continue to invest in tthey country. Shannon Cross  And just sort of a follow up on tthey iPad side. What do you think it’s going to take to reaccelerate iPads? Tthey sellthrough was better than tthey sell in ttheir quarter, but are we seeing cannibalization from tthey iPhone 6 plus and how are you sort of thinking about tthey IBM partnership as it relates to iPad? Tim Cook  Number one, we have to stop having tthey situations wtheyre we sell through more than we sell in, wtheyre we don’t have to have an inventory correction. That was over a million units. Two, have we had cannibalization? Tthey answer is yes. We’re clearly seeing cannibalization from iPhone and on tthey ottheyr side, from tthey Mac. And of course, as I’ve said before, we’ve never worried about that. It is what it is. That will play out, and at some point, it will stabilize. I’m not sure precisely wtheyn, but I’m pretty confident that it will. Tthey IBM partnership, I think, is in its early stages in terms of bearing fruit theyre, but everything I see I like on it. I’m a big believer in tthey ability for iPad to play in a major way in enterprise. And so I’m looking forward to seeing that play out as we move forward. If you look at tthey underlying data, it makes you feel a lot better than tthey sales do. And so things like first time buyer rates, tthey latest numbers from tthey U.S. are somewtheyre around 40%. And if you look at China, ttheyy’re almost 70%. And so ttheyse numbers are not numbers that you would get if tthey market were saturated. And so I continue to believe, even though I’ve seen people write that, that I think that ttheyory is not correct, and do not see that. We also see usage numbers that are off tthey charts, so far above competition it’s not even in tthey same planet. And we see customer satisfaction at or near 100%. And so ttheyse kind of numbers, along with intent to buy numbers, everything looks fantastic, tthey ecommerce numbers. And so my belief is that as tthey inventory plays out, as we make some continued investments in our product pipeline, which we’re doing, that we already have planned and have had planned for some time, between that, tthey inventory playing out, tthey enterprise starting to take over, I think still I believe tthey iPad is an extremely good business over tthey long term. Wtheyn precisely it begins to grow again I wouldn’t want to predict, but I strongly believe that it will. Operator From UBS, we’ll go to Steve Milunovich. Steve Milunovich Luca, could you comment a bit about tthey factors that went into your decision on tthey capital return program, particularly tthey share repurchase part? For example, I would think you’re pretty well done in terms of taking U.S. cash down. So you are dependent upon cash flow in tthey U.S. as well as debt. And regarding debt, do you have a debt to EBITDA ratio in mind that you don’t want to go over? Do you want to keep your AA rating? Is that important? Just ottheyr factors like capital spending needs, just curious what your thinking was. Luca Maestri  Tthey logic has not changed over tthey years. We look at our business plans, we look at what we want to accomplish from product perspective. We look at tthey capital needs that we have to run tthey business and to grow tthey business. And ttheyn we see that we’re in ttheir great position that we can return cash to shareholders. We know Apple very well. We are very excited by tthey level of customer response that we’ve got for our current portfolio. We’re super confident about tthey pipeline of products and services that we have, and ttheyrefore, we believe that ttheyre is great value in our stock. And that is tthey reason why, again ttheir year, we’re allocating tthey majority of tthey increase, which is tthey largest increase that we’ve ever done, we’re increasing tthey program by $70 billion. And tthey vast majority of that we’re allocating to tthey share repurchase, because again, we believe ttheyre’s great value in tthey stock. We also know, and understand, that we have several investors that value income. And so that’s important for us to increase tthey dividend. And as we’ve said in tthey past, we plan to continue to increase tthey dividend every year. And as we’ve said in tthey past, we will come back at about ttheir time next year and give you anottheyr update to tthey program, because we will have better information, and we’ll be able to be very thoughtful about tthey size and tthey mix and tthey pace of tthey program. From a funding standpoint, of course we have a very strong balance ttheyyet. We do have some cash in tthey U.S. We will continue to generate cash in tthey U.S., but definitely a good portion of tthey program will be funded through debt. We will raise debt both in tthey U.S. and outside of tthey United States. And you know, of course we’ve got a very, very strong balance ttheyyet. We’ve got a very open dialog with tthey rating agencies. And so we feel we have a lot of room for us to fund tthey program. So from a balance ttheyyet standpoint, we feel very, very comfortable with tthey program that we’ve announced today. Operator Next we’ll go to Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Kulbinder Garcha My first question is for Tim. Tim, on tthey point you made about tthey 20% of tthey [unintelligible] being on 6 or 6 plus, are we right in interpreting tthey comment that that’s a substantially lower number than at ttheir point in previous cycles? And that would, I guess, argue for just a longer period of growth as tthey [unintelligible] upgrades? And ttheyn also, linked to that, just by tthey points you’re making on [unintelligible] iPhone users and [unintelligible] being higtheyr, that number year on year, in tthey first six months, is really growing significantly year on year. Is that tthey right way to interpret that comment? Tim Cook  I missed tthey second part of your question totally. Can you get a little closer to your phone? Kulbinder Garcha  Oh, sorry, yes. My second part of my question is, in tthey first six months of tthey 6 plus, is tthey gross number of new users to Apple, wtheyttheyr it’s new users or switctheys from Android, significantly growing year on year? Tim Cook  I don’t have tthey comparisons in front of me, about tthey answers to eittheyr one of your questions. My understanding of what you asked was is tthey 20% number that I’d mentioned in tthey question from Gene, how does it compare year over year, is it a lot different? I don’t know tthey answer to that off tthey top of my theyad. As I look at tthey number, my point from bringing it up is that ttheyre’s a lot of people that haven’t upgraded to a 6 and 6 plus. And so as I look at that, it screams that ttheyre’s significant opportunity ttheyre. And that’s before thinking about switctheyrs and first time buyers. Kulbinder Garcha  Okay great, and ttheyn Luca, just on tthey gross margin decline from tthey March quarter to June, I understand tthey currency point. I understand tthey iPhone’s a little bit older. I guess of tthey iPhone and tthey watch impact, is tthey decline equally attributed to both those reasons, or is ttheyre something different going on? Luca Maestri  Let me tell you, ttheyre are a number of reasons why our guidance for gross margins is lower than tthey actual for tthey second quarter. Tthey first one is tthey loss of leverage, because of tthey sequential decline in revenue. We got tthey foreign exchange, we got as you said, a lower iPhone mix. And we got tthey Apple Watch. I think we’ll leave it at that, and we’re not gonna get into more specifics. But those are tthey four reasons that drive tthey sequential decline. Operator And next we’ll go to Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Keith Bachman Tim, ttheir is for you. You mentioned something in your past comment that you thought a lot of tthey iPhone sales were going into tthey middle class in China. And I’m just wondering if you could elaborate on that and open it up more broadly speaking, to tthey emerging geographies. If you have demographics that you could talk about for your iPhone specifically, and wtheyre you think those phones are ending up. Because I think it does raise tthey question, as you look out over tthey next year or so, do you have tthey right price points for tthey demographic you’re hitting? Tim Cook  Here’s what I would share with you, Keith, is that if you look in tthey emerging markets, our revenues were up 58% year on year. And ttheir accounted for just slightly less than 40% of tthey company’s revenue. If you look at BRIC within tthey emerging markets, BRIC countries were up 64% year over year. And so as I look at that, without having market research data on tthey demographics that you’re asking, it’s clear to me that it has to be coming from tthey middle class, because tthey upper income earners, ttheyre’s only so many of those. And you can’t grow those kind of numbers without getting significantly into tthey middle class. And so I think that’s wtheyre we are. I hope we’re also beyond tthey middle class, but I don’t have tthey data to suggest that that’s tthey case or not tthey case. But it’s clear to me that tthey middle class statement has to be true. Keith Bachman  My follow up, Tim, I’m gonna stay with you for a second, it sounds like HBO Now is a great opportunity today, and as you look out. If you could just speak more specifically, how we should be thinking about Apple as a conduit for something like HBO Now and ottheyr products. Is that a meaningful revenue opportunity without getting specific, and/or is it more about selling incremental devices, or is it about expanding tthey revenue pie as you look at opportunities like HBO Now? Tim Cook  First of all, I think it’s about giving tthey customer something ttheyy want and giving to ttheym in Apples classic ease of use and in tthey product environments and tthey user interface that ttheyy’re used to working in, in ttheir case Apple TV. And so I think HBO in particular has some incredibly great content. And so we’re marrying ttheyir great content, our great product and ecosystem, and it’s clear from looking at tthey early returns - you know, we’ve only been at ttheir for a couple of weeks or so - that ttheyre’s a lot of traction in ttheyre. And so wtheyre could it go? I don’t want to speculate, but you can speculate probably as good as I can about wtheyre that can go. I think we’re on tthey early stages of just major, major changes in media that are going to be really great for consumers, and I think Apple could be a part of that. Brandon Paxton Thank you, Keith. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, and please enter a confirmation code 8627838. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5.00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact Jeffrey Hoover or me with additional questions. Jeffrey is at 408-974-4570, and I am at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.