Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q4 2015 Earnings Conference Call October 27, 2015 5:00 PM ET Executives Kevin Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri – SVP and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Toni Sacconaghi - Bernstein Shannon Cross - Cross Research Steve Milunovich - UBS Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Rod Hall - JPMorgan Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Kevin Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Kevin Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first is Apple CEO Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri, after that we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2014, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first three quarters of fiscal 2015 and tthey form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speaks as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Kevin. Good afternoon everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, we are reporting a very strong finish to a record breaking year and I’d like to reflect on some of tthey highlights. We completed our fiscal year in September, and we are proud to report revenue of $234 billion, an increase of 28% and $51 billion over 2014. Ttheir is our largest absolute revenue growth ever. To put that into some context, our growth in one year was greater than tthey full year revenue of almost 90% of tthey companies in tthey Fortune 500. We made huge inroads into emerging markets generating over $79 billion in revenue and growing 63% despite very strong theyadwinds from foreign exchange rates. Ttheyse results are made possible by Apple’s commitment to innovation and creating tthey best products on earth. In tthey past 12 months around tthey world we’ve sold over 300 million devices including 231 million iPhones, 55 million iPads and 21 million Macs setting new unit records and increasing our global market share for both iPhone and Mac. We crossed 100 billion cumulative downloads from tthey App Store and we added powerful new services to our ecosystem, including Apple Pay in tthey United States, in tthey United Kingdom, Apple Music in over a 100 countries, and Apple News in tthey U.S. We also entered an entirely new category with Apple Watch and we are in tthey very early innings of ttheir promising new part of our business. We generated over $53 billion dollars in net income and grew earnings per share by 43%. We returned almost $50 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while continuing to invest confidently in research and development, marketing and distribution, our retail and online stores, our supply chain and our infrastructure. We also completed 15 acquisitions to enhance and accelerate our roadmap for products and services. We accomplittheyyd all of ttheyse things while intensifying our efforts to protect tthey environment to promote equality and human rights and to ensure tthey security and privacy we know our customers deserve. We are ending tthey year on a high note with a record breaking September quarter including sales of 48 million iPhones beating our expectations and up 22% year-over-year. Momentum for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus remained very strong across tthey quarter and we establittheyyd a new launch record for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus near tthey end of tthey quarter. We are seeing strong interest around tthey world and we’ve been getting great feedback from customers who love tthey iPhone’s new features including 3D touch, live photos, tthey new iSight camera, and tthey powerful new A-9 processor in tthey iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. We exited tthey quarter with demand for our new iPhones exceeding supply but we’ve made good progress with our manufacturing ramp in tthey initial weeks of October. We sold an all time record 5.7 million Macs continuing to defy tthey negative trend in tthey global personal computer market which IDC estimates contracted by 11%. Tthey App Store set new all-time quarterly records for both tthey number of transacting customers and overall revenue. Tthey strong performance of tthey App Store theylped fuel $5.1 billion in services revenue also an all-time record. Sales of Apple Watch were also up sequentially and were atheyad of our expectations. Ttheir quarter we introduced beautiful new Apple Watch cases and bands including new Gold and Rose Gold aluminum Apple Watch Sport models. We released Watch OS 2 in September paving tthey way for a whole new class of native apps that are faster and can take advantage of tthey hardware capabilities of Apple Watch such as tthey microphone, speaker and tthey theyart rate sensor. Today, ttheyre are over 13,000 apps in tthey Watch App Store including over 1300 native apps such as Facebook messenger, MLB At Bat and Runkeeper and tthey number is growing rapidly. Apple Watch has already had a tremendous effect on customers’ theyalth and fitness and tthey stories we’re theyaring about its impact are truly inspirational. I personally theyard from people who credit Apple Watch with saving ttheyir lives and customers are finding new applications all tthey time in ttheyir day to day activities. Revenue in Greater China nearly doubled year-over-year and we continue to focus and invest theyavily ttheyre. I just returned from a four day visit to Hangzhou and Beijing wtheyre we announced major new initiatives to provide renewable energy for our supply chain. I also visited our retail stores in China which are among tthey busiest in tthey world. On Saturday we opened a new store, our 25th in Greater China to a very enthusiastic crowd and we are on track to achieve our goal of 40 stores by tthey middle of next year. Yesterday, we started taking orders for tthey all new Apple TV and it was a huge first day for ttheir exciting new product. We want to provide tthey same innovation in tthey living room that we delivered in our iOS devices. People are already watching more TV through apps today and we think apps represent tthey future of TV. We’ve built a new foundation around ttheir vision with a new operating system called tvOS innovative ways to connect with your screen and a smart use of Siri to search for what to watch. Next month, we’ll begin shipping iPad Pro, tthey most powerful iPad we’ve ever made. iPad Pro will enable a new generation of apps for entertainment and productivity, design and illustration, engineering and medical and much more, and with tthey Apple Pencil and Smart keyboards users can customize ttheyir experience making iPad Pro an even more powerful tool for everyone from students to artists, to business professionals. iOS 9 has hit tthey ground running on track to be downloaded by more users than any software release in Apple’s theirtory with 61% of active iOS devices already running at less than six weeks after its September tthey 16th release. In late September, we also launctheyd OS X El Capitan which has made tthey world most advanced desktop operating system more refined and powerful than ever before. Apple Music has set a completely new standard, redefining and combining tthey best ways to enjoy music in a single immersive app. Over 15 million individual and family accounts are experiencing Apple music including over 6.5 million paying customers. We are thrilled to bring Apple Music to China beginning ttheir quarter along with iTunes, movies and iBooks and we are especially happy to offer such great new and diverse content to our large highly engaged and rapidly growing customer base in China. We are also looking forward to bringing Apple Music to tthey new Apple TV beginning ttheir week. Apple Pay is seeing double digit growth in transaction month after month and we continue to add major businesses including Starbucks which will roll out Apple Pay support to all its U.S. stores in 2016. Apple Pay now supports merchant rewards programs as well and popular retailers that will be coming online in tthey next few weeks. We are thrilled to announce today that we are partnering with American Express to bring Apple Pay to eligible customers in key global markets so even more people can experience tthey easy, secure and private way to pay. Apple Pay will be available to eligible American Express customers in Australia, in Canada ttheir year and is expected to expand to Spain, Singapore and Hong Kong in 2016. Tthey reach of our ecosystem continues to grow and iOS is changing more and more aspects of our customer’s lives in very meaningful ways from ttheyir theyalth, to ttheyir homes, to ttheyir cars. In Health, ttheyre are now more than 1,600 theyalth kit enabled solutions that are theylping us live a theyalthier day. In tthey home ttheyre are over 50 brands working on home kit enabled accessories that can be privately and securely controlled from your iPad and iPhone, and in tthey car more than 50 automobile models have been announced with CarPlay support which provides a smarter, safer and more fun way to use iPhone in tthey car. And we will continue to work to make tthey iOS experience even more meaningful across more touch points of our daily lives. Tthey impact of research kit also continues to build. We recently announced new studies on autism, epilepsy and melanoma adding to tthey important studies already underway on conditions from asthma to diabetes to Parkinson’s disease. Our iOS news app is off to a great start. Nearly 40 million people are reading Apple news and we’ve been getting very positive feedback from tthey publittheyyrs. We have now signed more than 70 publittheyyrs representing hundreds of titles and we’re happy to announce that news just launctheyd in tthey United Kingdom and Australia with partners such as tthey BBC, NewsCorp, Tthey Telegraph, Tthey Guardian, Financial Times, Daily Mail and tthey Australian Broadcasting Service. And finally, we are making great strides in tthey enterprise market, announcing a new strategic partnership with Cisco in September while furttheyring our progress with IBM in building our mobility partners program. We estimate that enterprise markets accounted for about $25 billion in annual Apple revenue in tthey last 12 months, up 40% over tthey prior year and ttheyy represent a major growth vector for tthey future. I’d like to thank our talented and incredibly hardworking employees, our developers and our business partners around tthey world and of course our very loyal customers for making 2015 Apples’ most successful year yet. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Luca to go over tthey September quarter results in more detail. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. It’s great to conclude our record fiscal 2015 with our strongest September quarter ever. Revenue for tthey quarter was $51.5 billion, an increase of $9.4 billion or 22% year over year. Our growth was driven by tthey tremendous performance of iPhone, tthey expanded availability of Apple Watch and all time high services revenue and Mac sales. We achieved ttheyse outstanding results despite severe and persisting weakness in foreign exchange rates around tthey world that affected all our geographic segments and ttheir makes our year-over-year growth rates even more remarkable. In constant currency, our growth during tthey fourth quarter would have been 800 basis points higtheyr. We once again reported very strong numbers in Greater China with revenue growing 99% year-over-year to $12.5 billion. Emerging markets performance was strong overall up 65% year-over-year and representing 31% of total company revenue for tthey quarter. Company gross margin was 39.9%, up sequentially better than our expectations, mainly due to lower than expected costs. Operating margin was 28.4% of revenue and net income was $11.1 billion, a new September quarter record. Diluted earnings per share were $1.96, a 38% year-over-year increase and cash flow from operations was $13.5 billion, also a new fourth quarter record. For details by product I'll start with iPhone. We sold 48 million iPhones in tthey quarter, up 22% year over year with strong performance around tthey world throughout tthey quarter. Total iPhone sales were up 120% in Mainland China and grew over 35% in South Asia and increased by over 20% in several markets around tthey world including Germany and Italy. iPhone ASP was $670, an increase of $67 year-over-year, thanks to more favorable mix and in spite of tthey very significant negative impact from foreign exchange that I referred to earlier. We increased iPhone channel inventory by less than 2 million units in order to support our new product launch at tthey very end of September quarter. We exited tthey quarter with demand exceeding supply and channel inventory below our target range of 5 to 7 weeks. Next I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 5.7 million Macs, which is an all time quarterly record and represents 3% year-over-year growth. We extended our very long running trend of PC market share gains based on IDC's latest estimate of a 11% global market contraction. Mac growth was driven primarily by tthey great customer response to our new MacBook and sales of MacBook Pro also remained strong. We ended tthey quarter below our 4 to 5 week target range for Mac channel inventory. Turning to iPad. We sold 9.9 million compared to 12.3 million in tthey year-ago quarter. iPad sell-through was 10.4 million as we reduced channel inventory by about 500,000 units. We exited tthey quarter below our 5 to 7 week target range of iPad channel inventory. iPad customer metrics remain extremely positive. In August, ChangeWave measured a 97% consumer satisfaction rate for iPad Air 2 and among consumers planning to purchase a tablet within 90 days, 70% planned to purchase an iPad. Corporate buyers reported a 95% satisfaction rate for iPad and a 90 day purchase intent of 73%. In tthey segments of tthey tablet market wtheyre we compete, we continue to be very successful. Recent data from NPD indicates that iPad has 73% share of tthey U.S. market for tablets priced above $200. And tthey latest data publittheyyd by IDC indicates that iPad has 74% share of tthey U.S. Commercial Tablet market. As Tim mentioned our enterprise initiatives continue to expand. In September we announced a new strategic partnership with Cisco to optimize ttheyir networks for iOS devices with a goal of providing iOS mobile users with great performance advantage over ottheyr mobile platforms. Also, during tthey September quarter, IBM released new mobile first for iOS apps in theyalthcare, financial services, travel and transportation and industrial sectors, including new apps leveraging iOS 9 and Watch OS 2. Ttheyre are now 55 apps in tthey IBM mobile first for iOS catalogue and tthey list of projects signings is growing rapidly. Inside IBM, Macs are gaining tremendous traction. Ttheyre are currently over 30,000 Macs deployed within tthey company with 1,900 more being added each week. IBM tells us that each Mac is saving $270 compared to a traditional PC, thanks to tthey much reduced support cost and better residual value. Ttheir is a terrific example of tthey kind of opportunity our devices offer to improve user experience and create value in tthey enterprise world. Our mobility partner program also continues to grow with more than 25 new partners added in tthey September quarter bringing tthey total to over 65 and we are already seeing some great success stories with ttheir program. We are also very excited about tthey potential of iPad Pro and tthey enterprise. For example, with tthey Bloomberg professional app, more than 325,000 financial professionals will be able to use iPad Pro to gain instant global access to finance and business news, market data and portfolio tracking and trading tools. Turning to services. We generated $5.1 billion in revenue, a new all-time record, and an increase of 10% over last year mainly due to strong growth from apps. Tthey revenue from tthey App Store increased 25% and tthey number of transacting customers grew 18%, also setting an all-time record. Services growth was particularly impressive in China, wtheyre Apple App Store revenue grew by 127% year-over-year. Tthey momentum behind tthey App Store in China has been tremendous with huge interest from developers and customers alike. Our developer program in China has grown dramatically in tthey last year with over 1 million members in our program today. Revenue from ottheyr products grew strongly up 61% over last year, thanks to tthey growing contribution from Apple Watch. We expanded Apple Watch distribution significantly over tthey course of tthey quarter and it was available at almost 5000 locations in 32 countries at quarter end. Our retail and online stores had a very busy quarter. We opened 7 new stores, including our first store in Belgium. That brought us to a global store count of 463 of which 195 are in 15 countries outside tthey United States. In fiscal 2016, we expect to open or replace between 40 and 50 stores and we continue to place particular emphasis on Greater China wtheyre we plan to have 40 stores opened by tthey middle of next year. Customers have been very interested in tthey iPhone upgrade program offered in our U.S. retail stores. Tthey iPhone upgrade program gives customer purchasing a connected device an easy convenient way to get a new phone every year with low monthly payments to a third party lender along with tthey security and protection of AppleCare Plus. After making 12 or more installment payments, customers can upgrade to a new iPhone. Let me also quickly discuss three accounting matters. First, relative to tthey iPhone upgrade program that I just mentioned, we will be reducing revenue at tthey time of sale for tthey cost associated with tthey program and deferring tthey portion of revenue related to AppleCare software upgrade rights and non software services for each iPhone sold. Second, in September based on an analysis of market offerings we reduced tthey estimated selling price of future software upgrade rights and non software services that we defer for each iOS device and Mac sold, tthey reduction is between $5 and $10 per unit. Third, also in September we lengttheyned tthey time period over which tthey deferred revenue associated to iPads will be recognized from two years to three years. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $205.7 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $2.8 billion. $187 billion of ttheir cash, or 91% of tthey total, was outside of tthey United States. In tthey September quarter, we issued a total of $5.8 billion of term debt, consisting of 1.25 billion British pound denominated notes, 2.25 billion Australian dollar denominated notes and 2 billion euro denominated notes. Ttheir left us with $56 billion of term debt outstanding at tthey end of tthey quarter.  We were very active in tthey market during tthey quarter and returned over $17 billion to our investors. We paid $3 billion in dividends and equivalents and we spent $14 billion to repurchase almost 122 million Apple shares through open market transactions. We also completed our fifth accelerated share repurchase program in July and retired an additional 10 million shares at settlement. We have now completed over $143 billion of our $200 billion program including $104 billion in share repurchases of which $36 billion was repurchased in fiscal 2015 alone. Now, as we move atheyad into December quarter, I like to review our outlook which includes tthey types of forward looking information that Kevin referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $75.5 and $77.5 billion compared to $74.6 billion in tthey year ago quarter. We expect gross margin to be between 39% and 40%. We expect OpEx to be between $6.3 billion and $6.4 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $400 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26.2%. Also today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.52 per share of common stock payable on November 12, 2015 to shareholders of record as of November 09, 2015. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one, one-part question and one follow-up. May we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operation Instructions] Your first question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Yes, thanks, good afternoon. In light of December quarter revenue guidance, firmly low single digit revenue growth and what looks like increasingly tough comps theyading into tthey March quarter, how do you get comfortable that Apple isn’t on tthey verge of [ex] [ph] growth for tthey first time in a decade? And ttheyn I have a follow up. Tim Cook Katy, it’s Tim. You have to consider tthey constant currency growth rates. And so if you do that, our guidance is actually 8% to 11% because we have about a 700 basis point FX theyadwind in Q1. And so tthey growth is actually quite good underneath that and that’s obviously a problem with everyone struggling with it. Zooming out to tthey more macro question about growth, theyre’s what I see currently. We believe that iPhone will grow in Q1 and we base that on what we are seeing from a switctheyr point of view, we recorded tthey higtheyst rate on record for Android switctheys last quarter at 30%. We also look at tthey number of people that have upgraded, that were in tthey installed base prior to iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. And that number is in tthey low 30 percentages. So we feel like we have a very open field in front of us. Our performance in emerging markets although it’s quite good and our revenue was good our market share is low and tthey LTE penetration in ttheyse markets is quite low. Also, if I zoom out and look at China, as I have said before and just to make tthey point once again is we see an enormous change in China over tthey next several years. Tthey latest study I have seen from Mackenzie indicates if you look back five years China’s middle class had about 50 million people in it. If you look atheyad five years, it will have ten times that number in it. And so -- and I feel like we are reasonably well positioned in China, I’m sure we can do better, but I think we are doing fairly well ttheyre. It’s not tthey only market that we are working on obviously. I was really impressed last quarter with our progress in Vietnam and Indonesia and India among ottheyrs. Also, from tthey currency point of view and tthey weak global economies, we don’t overly focus on ttheir. It’s - my view is that it’s sort of a transitional kind of thing and we invest for tthey long term, so we are continuing to invest for Apple’s future. In addition to those Apple TV is off to a great start. Apple Watch is just getting going. Tthey app store hit a new record again last quarter and tthey growth seems to be really great ttheyre. I’m really happy with tthey early days of Apple Music and tthey people moving from tthey free trial to tthey music business. And finally, tthey enterprise business is not to be underestimated, I doubt very many people knew that we had $25 billion enterprise business that we quietly built in not too many years, but our penetration is low, but we have significant actions going on to really deepen that. So sort of everywtheyre I look I see significant opportunity. Long answer but I thought you might be interested. Katy Huberty No. I appreciate that. Just as a follow-up on growth, if you look at large services companies, Facebook, Amazon, Google, ttheyy're all growing over 20% and it's largely driven by activity of Apple users on iOS devices. Do you feel like ttheyre is more that Apple can do to participate in that services growth or you relegated to fundamentals that are tied to device upgrade cycles? Tim Cook Well, tthey App Store is growing over 20%, it grew 25% last quarter, and so we feel very good about that. That's become a sizeable business. I would also point out that some of ttheyse upgrade programs that are in tthey market, ttheyy sort of began to look more like a subscription business in terms of tthey way ttheyy operate. And so we think that in tthey aggregate that ttheyy may reduce upgrade cycles and also tthey iPhone that has been sold to someone else hits tthey price point that we're not hitting today largely which could theylp furttheyr fuel tthey services revenue which we did quite well on last quarter. Katy Huberty Thank you very much. Tim Cook Yep. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Katy. May we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Piper Jaffray, we'll theyar from Gene Munster. Gene Munster Good afternoon and congratulations. Tim, you just briefly touctheyd on as reducing tthey time between upgrades, but how do you think about tthey iPhone upgrade cycle compressing over tthey next few years, obviously tthey impact from carrier’s changes in tthey iPhone upgrade program. Can you talk a little bit about wtheyn that's going to be rolled out internationally? And ttheyn lastly, Luca you mentioned some of tthey accounting changes related to tthey iPhone upgrade program. Any sense in terms of what percentage of tthey Plus – tthey s upgrades were associated with tthey upgrade program? Thanks. Tim Cook Gene, in terms of tthey upgrade program it's early, but theyre's what we believe our current view is that we do think that tthey broader upgrade program, so I'm not just talking about our program that in retail, I mean, that is relatively small compared to our total iPhone sales of tthey company, but tthey broader thing obviously is that many of tthey carriers are offering ttheyse plans. And that, if you look at ttheym in tthey aggregate, we think that it would have a positive impact in replacement cycles. We do like tthey fact that it creates a market for an iPhone at a different price point as well that is a better product than that customer maybe currently buying which would furttheyr theylp from an ecosystem point of view and that's not to be underestimated. It also seems like that from a rollout point of view ttheyre's a -- you will see ttheyse plans offered in a significant way in tthey United States already, but in fact ttheyse plans are being offered in some derivation in over dozen countries in tthey world. Ttheyy're not as pervasive as ttheyy are in tthey U.S. but it seems like we’re on tthey front end of fairly major trends in tthey industry. Luca Maestri From a financial perspective, Gene, tthey transaction on our iPhone upgrade program is a purchase, it’s not a lease and so we recognize our revenue upfront, of course we deduct also upfront tthey cost associated with tthey program essentially to provide interest free financing and we need to estimate deferred value of tthey upgrade option for tthey customer, but as Tim said, it’s a popular program in our U.S store, in tthey sctheyme of things, it’s a small percentage of our worldwide iPhone sales and so we'll have really a negligible impact for example, on ASPs for tthey phone. Gene Munster And Tim, if we put it all togettheyr is it something that has more measurable impact on tthey business two, three quarters down tthey road, is that tthey right way to generally think about it? Tim Cook Yes, we think about it as being – ttheyre were some clearly that were offered in tthey market prior to ttheir cycle. But ttheyy became much more pervasive and much communicated, I think much wider with tthey September announcements. And so, I would sort of expect to begin seeing ttheir somewtheyre around a year from now. Gene Munster Thank you. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Gene. May we have tthey next question, please? Operator Moving on, we'll theyar from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. Toni Sacconaghi Yes. Thank you. Tim, I appreciated tthey color that you provided on tthey drivers of iPhone growth in Q1. I think tthey investor concern is that Q1 will benefit at least on a year over year basis from three extra weeks of availability in China. And it will also benefit from more of those initial launch days that only two of ttheym were in tthey September quarter and tthey remainder will be in tthey December quarter. And so I guess tthey investor concern is December is a structurally advantaged quarter in tthey sense of benefiting from both of those tailwinds on a year-over-year basis. But if we look out beyond December, wouldn't that point to notably lower seasonal growth than tthey March quarter. And how do we think about tthey factors affecting unit growth beyond tthey December quarter? And ttheyn I have a follow-up, please. Tim Cook We don't guide beyond December, as you know Toni. I do think that tthey sort of tthey macro things that I spoke about earlier, tthey upgrade programs, tthey Android Switctheyr rate, tthey iPhone momentum in tthey emerging markets and tthey LTE penetration in ttheyse markets ttheyse trends are not one quarter things. Ttheyse are longer term things. Tthey same – my same response applies and I think we'll do quite good in iPhone. I do believe we'll grow ttheir quarter as we put in our guidance that wtheyn you start with a number in tthey low 30s in terms of tthey percentage of tthey installed base that’s upgraded that had a phone pre tthey iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, that number still likely to leave a lot of theyadroom beyond December. So that's how I look at that. In terms of your first comment, you didn't asked me to comment on that, but just to be clear, our forecasting doesn't work like you articulated it. I recognize that people can have ttheyir own models and so forth, but just to make it clear that I'm not agreeing with your point. Toni Sacconaghi Okay. And ttheyn just on tthey follow-up, tthey reported gains from currency theydging in fiscal year 2015 were significant, several billion dollar contribution to tthey company. And again, ttheir is not an Apple's specific issue, Luca as you pointed out several times, but how do we think about ttheir notion of currency theydges effectively rolling off and being replaced with theydges that are likely have less of an impact. How do we think about that impact tthey P&L on a go forward basis, perhaps starting with Q1, but ttheyn qualitatively or directionally over tthey course of tthey year? And what is some of kinds of things that you've undertaken or planning to undertake that could mitigate some of those concerns? Luca Maestri Yes. I think, Toni, it’s a very good point, I mean, what's going to happen in practice is that we got ttheir portfolio of theydge comp such that over time provides protection to our margins and to our results, but that protection diminittheyys as we go through tthey year and so we should expect that in over time during tthey course of fiscal 2016 that protection will come off assuming that tthey dollar stays at current levels. Keep in mind, ttheyre are some currencies around tthey world that wtheyre we cannot economically theydge and so those currencies are bit excluded from what we're talking about right now. I think my conclusion is that tthey guidance that we're providing for tthey first quarter that 39% to 40% it actually an incredible level of guidance given tthey foreign exchange theyadwinds that we're dealing with. How do we deal with that? We continue to theydge, so our program continues on an ongoing basis and we will continue to provide some level of protection to foreign exchange movement. In some cases we have realign prices particularly wtheyn we launch new products. We tend to do that in a number of countries wtheyre tthey foreign exchange moves have been particularly extreme, and so we tend to recover that through pricing. And ttheyn finally, of course we are putting in place a number of cost initiatives that would allow us to deal with tthey foreign exchange situation. So, overall we feel very strong guidance for tthey first quarter. And beyond tthey first quarter as you know we're not guiding and so we'll see over tthey course of tthey year. Toni Sacconaghi Thank you. Kevin Paxton Thanks, Toni. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross Thank you very much. Tim, I wanted to go back to your commentary on tthey enterprise business, $25 billion I think you said, it was up 40% year-over-year. I know you have a relatively small sales force internally and obviously you utilizing tthey joint ventures, but as you noted you see that's an important driver of growth. So, how do you attack that market going forward? Will ttheyre be changes? Is ttheyre something that you need to shift or focus product in a little bit of different directions to make sure you can adequately attack it. Just in general how you're thinking about it? Tim Cook From a product point of view, we'd actually been continuing to change and improve IOS for some time. With every release ttheyy are more enterprise features and so, I would describe it as sort of continuation of that cadence perhaps with little more intensity. From a go to market point of view, we will be working with or are working with IBM. With Cisco. We're already working with 75 mobility partners that are principally in tthey U.S. but that's expanding quickly to international as well. And so, many of ttheyse companies have -- in some cases very large sales forces, in many cases tthey reasonable seize sales force. And in addition to a direct sales force ttheyre is a huge worldwide indirect channel that many customers buy from and count on buying some services from. And so I do not envision Apple's having a large enterprise sales force will certainly make – we continue adding some people more on tthey engineering side, but I don't envision having a large direct sales force. Shannon Cross Okay, great. Thank you. And can you give us some more color on China, 120% year-over-year growth in iPhones, but can you talk in general about what you're seeing in tthey marketplace and perhaps wtheyre you think you in terms of penetration from a smartphone standpoint especially with a China Mobile which has a substantial opportunity to grow given tthey LTE penetration? Tim Cook Yes. If you look at China, we grew from an iPhone point of view, Greater China, we grew 87% tthey market grew for. If you take iPhone out of tthey market number, tthey certain market x iPhone actually contracted slightly. And so, we've been able to grow without tthey market growing. iPhone 6 was tthey number one selling smartphone in Mainland, China last quarter and iPhone 6 Plus was number three. And so, we did fairly well. Tthey sort of tthey economic question which I know ttheyre's a bit lot of attention on, frankly, if I were to shut off my web and shut off tthey TV and just look how many customers are coming in our stores regardless to wtheyttheyr ttheyy're buying, how many people are coming online, and in addition looking at our sales trend, I wouldn't know if ttheyre was any economic issue at all in China. And so I don't know how unusual we are with that. I think that ttheyre's a misunderstanding probably particularly in tthey Western world about China's economy, which contributes to tthey confusion. That said, I don't think it’s growing as fast as it was, but I also don't think that Apple's results are largely dependent on minor changes than growth. I think it’s much more of contributing – I think ottheyr things contribute to that much more. That does say, you'll never had problem ttheyre, because tthey economy, I'm not saying, I'm dumb enough to think that. But I just think that tthey area that it's currently operating within, it's hard to tell tthey difference of tthey consumer level for us. I mean, you really can't tell tthey difference, if you look at sort of our daily and weekly numbers. So, we're very bullish on it, and I would point out that we're investing in China not for next or tthey quarter after, or tthey quarter after, we're investing for tthey decades atheyad and as we look at it our own views is that China will be Apple's top market in tthey world. And that's not just for sales, that's also developer community is growing faster than any ottheyr country in tthey world. And so, tthey ecosystem ttheyre is very, very strong. I was very impressed with tthey number tthey developers I met last week and of course, tthey customers in stores are enthusiastically contagious. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Shannon. Can we have next question, please? Operator We'll go to Steve Milunovich with UBS Steve Milunovich Thank you. Tim, I wanted to talk about tthey two sources of your iPhone demand selling to current customers and selling to new customers. In terms of selling to current customers you indicated about a third of tthey base is moved to tthey sixth line. As much as people talk about that been a huge upgrade cycle and what is tthey six has have incrementally, 33% not that a bigger number, I would have thought it would be bigger than that. Does ttheir suggest that ttheyre is maybe more of a consistency to upgrading than tthey street perceives. And ttheyn on tthey ottheyr side in terms of new customers, just wanted clarity on tthey switctheyr number, are you saying that 30% of iPhone shipments in tthey quarter went to android switctheyrs to IOS. And do you believe that you could actually have more new customers to Apple in fiscal 2016 than you had fiscal 2015. Tim Cook Ttheyre's a lot ttheyre. Let me start with tthey Android Switctheyr. What ttheir means is that for customers to purchase an iPhone last quarter and replace tthey smartphone that 30% of those switctheyd from an android device. And so ttheyre would have been some switctheyrs on top of that from ottheyr operating systems, but obviously android is tthey largest one by far. And so that's what that means, and that number is tthey largest that we've ever recorded since we began measuring it three or so years ago. And so, it’s a huge number, we're very, very proud of that number. In terms of 2016 versus 2015 new customers, it's hard to predict. I'm very happy with how we're doing. We're doing better than we've ever been doing. People -- I know ttheyre's a fixation on tthey upgrade rate. Wtheyn I look at tthey upgrade rate, Steve, what I see is I feel good that it’s a low number because that's low number means that ttheyre is 69% of tthey people that are out ttheyre prior to tthey iPhone 6 and 6 plus that haven't bottheyr to upgrade ttheir year. That's a large number. And so, I'd see that is opportunity. Do I think it has anything, does to length to consistency? I think part of it is and I believe that tthey iPhone upgrade plans that are out ttheyre as I've mentioned before it seems to me on tthey future. We'll tell it’s true or not, but it seems to me it’s going to act as a catalyst to accelerate some of ttheir upgrades. And I think that's not something that we're going to see ttheir quarter or next quarter, but it seems like it’s going to happen beginning a year for now or so. It have begins to be – you've seen tthey plan. Ttheyy look more and active like a subscription than ttheyy do like a purchase. And that's great for tthey customer because many of ttheym want to upgrade on a frequent basis and ttheyy can do ttheir very, very simply. In terms of new, I don't know, wtheyttheyr we'll more new or not. I can tell you that that's always our objective. We want to add a lot more people to tthey ecosystem and certainly if you look in tthey emerging markets, even like, nobody is asking about iPad on tthey call. But if you look at iPad as just an example, in China, 68% of tthey people that purchased an iPad it was tthey first tablet ttheyy've owned and 40% of those have never owned any Apple product. Just to go through one product with one set of number. I don't want to get through a bunch of numbers because it does contain tthey data than I don't want to share. But ttheyse are things that we're very focused on. And tthey first time buyer number is surprisingly strong. And keep in mind that we have a good theirtory of bunch of people buy one Apple product, ttheyy have a great experience. Ttheyy begin to look at ottheyr Apple products. And of course we makes ttheyy all work well togettheyr. Steve Milunovich Thank you. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Steve. Could we have next question, please? Operator From Goldman Sachs, we'll go to Simona Jankowski. Simona Jankowski Hi. Thank you very much. Just is a follow-up to that last question and to put that in context, roughly what percent of tthey iPhone shipments come from shipments for tthey installed based versus from your user shipment? Tim Cook I don't know tthey answer of your question. Simona Jankowski Okay. And ttheyn just a follow-up, as Luca mentioned, you had to make some adjustments to tthey pricing in various regions given tthey currency move we've had. What had been tthey response in terms of demand, I guess both in terms of units and revenues in some of ttheyse regions like Japan or India, parts of Europe wtheyre tthey local prices has to go up? Luca Maestri Simona, we've made a number of price changes during tthey course of fiscal 2015. What we've seen in a normal of ttheyse markets, we've seen that iPhone sales have been very resilient and that shown in our growth rates. Most recently we've adjusted some prices around tthey world for tthey launch of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. We are very positive about tthey safest trends around tthey world. It’s a bit early to tell, because tthey phones have out ttheyre just for four weeks, so its bit early to tell ttheyre. Obviously wtheyn we increase prices around tthey world, it's normal to see some impact on sales rates, but so far we were encouraged by tthey response. Tim Cook Let me go back to your question. And ttheir is an exactly what you're asking that what your view, I think some color is. Tthey reason I can't answer ttheir is, we don't look at any aggregate, we actually look at tthey detailed because it's much more important for to us to look at, buy iPhone model by country, what percentage going to our first iPhone buyers. Somebody that's never owned an iPhone before. And so if you look at China as an example, it's over 50% of people that bought 6 and 6 Plus were buying ttheyir first iPhone. As you move down tthey line, that numbers goes up. And so a 5s generally speaking is higtheyr in most countries. And so, that gives a feel for very important market and we cannot wtheyre tthey numbers are. Simona Jankowski Great. Thank you very much. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Simona. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Next we'll go to Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets. Amit Daryanani Thanks a lot. Good afternoon guys. Two questions from me as well. I guess, first could you talk about tthey gross margin dynamic as you go from September to December, tthey midpoint implies on 20 basis points. I think tthey last five years that's only happen once tthey gross margin is going down in fiscal Q1. Can you just talk about what tthey FX dynamic or what area tthey ottheyr theyadwinds that you think that implies gross margins being done in December? Tim Cook Yes. Let me give you puts and takes for margins for tthey December quarter. On tthey positive side, of course as you mentioned that we would have positive leverage from tthey higtheyr seasonal volumes. Also what we've seen over tthey last several quarters is a commodity environment that has been quite favorable and we expect it to remain favorable during tthey December quarter. On tthey ottheyr hand, of course we are launching a lot of new products. We’ve launctheyd some during September. We are launching some now and everything we launch new products, we make ttheym better. We had features and new technology and ttheyse products wtheyn we launch and tend to have higtheyr cost structures than tthey products what ttheyy replaced. We have a very good track record overtime to reduce those cost structures, but every time we introduce a new product that is a theyadwind at tthey beginning of tthey cycle for gross margin. While it’s different from a year ago very significantly with tthey foreign exchange impact that we have mentioned before it remains a very significant theyadwind as I mentioned earlier to Tony I believe we are dealing with that to a combination of theydging, price realignments [ph] cost initiatives, but on a net basis foreign exchange we will clearly by a sequential theyadwind. Amit Daryanani Got it. And ttheyn Tim wtheyn you talk about seeing iPhone growth in fiscal Q1, I’m curious is that statement more reflective of iPhone units or iPhone revenues so that tthey ASPs could hardly get growth even if units are not ttheyre. And ttheyn would you expect to exit within tthey 5 to 7 week optimal inventory range in fiscal Q1? Tim Cook I don’t know that we will exit. We make that call late in tthey quarter as we see what tthey demand is because we are actually trying to position tthey inventory for tthey following quarter instead of tthey current quarter. And it’s very difficult to predict. What was your ottheyr question? Amit Daryanani I was just curious to your statement on iPhone growth in fiscal Q1, is that a reflection of…. Tim Cook Is it revenue? I was making a revenue statement but units are also, yes we expect units to be up as well. Amit Daryanani Thank you. Tim Cook Yes. Kevin Paxton Thank you, Amit. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator From JPMorgan we’ll go to Rod Hall. Rod Hall Yes thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask Tim maybe if you could comment on tthey mix between iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s. And wtheyttheyr tthey mix of demand is any different than what you say for instance that tthey iPhone 5, 5s point wtheyttheyr ttheyre is more say iPhone 6, I know you highlighted that tthey iPhone 6 is a number one phone in China for example and ttheyn I have a follow up? Tim Cook Tthey statement I made in China was about Q4 and tthey 6s was only available in China for two days last quarter. Tthey iPhone 6s is tthey most popular iPhone that we currently sell. In terms of has ttheyre been a change. If you look at iPhone 6 today, and add iPhone 6 Plus and compare that to last year’s 5s we are doing better, at that price point than we were previously. Rod Hall Okay, thank you. And ttheyn ttheyre’s follow up for what you were doing on tthey upgrade program. I am wondering if can you envision a time ever made in tthey U.S. or elsewtheyre wtheyre you would not have to come into an Apple store to activate it or to take advantage of tthey upgrade you might be able to do that somewtheyre else, do you start now what your…. Tim Cook That’s a really good question. We actually solved that problem back in 2007. But ttheyn quickly had to change it in order to scale in a major way. And so that is something that we would always -- sort of always in our mind that one day from a customer experience point of view we would like to make things as easy as possible for tthey customer. And to some degree you can already do that with buying online. But ttheyre are many different plans and search what tthey people buy, that ttheyy have to come in for several times we would love to have that automated and working with our partners, with service providers. Rod Hall Great. Thank you very much. Tim Cook Yes. A - Kevin Paxton Thank you, Rod. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter confirmation code 795707. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414 and financial analysts can contact Gary Hoover or me with additional questions. Gary is at 408-974-4570 and at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.