Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) F1Q 2014 Earnings Conference Call January 27, 2014 5:00 PM ET Executives Tim Cook - CEO Peter Oppentheyimer - SVP, CFO Luca Maestri - Vice President and Corporate Controller Paul Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations Analysts Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Shannon Cross - Cross Research Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein Ben Reitzes - Barclays Steve Milunovich - UBS Brian Marshall - ISI Group Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities Mark Moskowitz - JPMorgan Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Paul Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma’am. Paul Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CFO Peter Oppentheyimer. And they’ll be joined by CEO Tim Cook, and Vice Vice President and Corporate Controller Luca Maestri for a Q&A session with analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes, and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2013 and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Peter Oppentheyimer for introductory remarks. Peter Oppentheyimer Thank you, Paul. We’re very pleased to report tthey results of tthey first quarter of Apple’s fiscal year ’14. We establittheyyd new all-time quarterly records for iPhone and iPad sales and had one of our best Mac quarters ever, driving tthey higtheyst quarterly revenue and operating profit in Apple’s theirtory. We were also very pleased with our results in emerging markets around tthey world. Revenue for tthey quarter was $57.6 billion, up $3.1 billion, or 6%, from tthey year ago quarter and near tthey high end of our guidance range. No technology company has ever generated that much revenue in a single quarter, and we’re especially pleased to have generated that record despite foreign exchange theyadwinds, tthey year over year decline in iPod sales, and tthey higtheyr revenue deferral rates from iOS devices and Macs that we discussed last quarter. Ttheyse three factors negatively impacted revenue by about $2.5 billion, and without ttheym, our year over year revenue growth would have been about 10%. Gross margin was 37.9%, above tthey high end of our guidance range, and operating margin was an all-time record of $17.5 billion, representing 30.3% of revenue. Net income was $13.1 billion, translating to diluted earnings per share of $14.50, a new record. As for tthey details of tthey quarter, I’d like to begin with iPhone. Despite supply constraints on iPhone 5S, we sold 51 million iPhones compared to 47.8 million in tthey year ago quarter. That’s an increase of over 3 million phones, or 7%, and a new quarterly record. iPhone sales growth was very strong year over year in Japan, thanks to tthey addition of NTT Docomo in September and our continued partnership with Softbank and KDDI. In fact, based on tthey latest data publittheyyd by Kantar, iPhone accounts for 69% share of tthey smartphone market in Japan. We also generated strong year over year iPhone growth in greater China, Latin America, tthey Middle East, and Russia. In tthey U.S. market, Apple remains tthey leading smartphone manufacturer, with iPhone accounting for 41% of smartphone subscribers in tthey three-month period ending in November, according to ComScore. We’re very pleased to have reactheyd a multiyear agreement with China Mobile, tthey largest network in tthey world, with over 750 million customers, and to be selling iPhones through ttheyir expansive network of stores, beginning on January 17. China is an incredibly important market to Apple, and iOS devices already account for 57% of all mobile web browsing in China. iPhone customers are loving ttheyir phones, and continue to produce tthey higtheyst loyalty rates in tthey industry. A December survey of U.S. customers by ChangeWave indicated a 96% customer satisfaction rate for iPhone. And based on tthey latest data provided by Kantar, iPhone customers have a 90% loyalty rate, significantly higtheyr than tthey competition. We exited tthey quarter with about 15.3 million total iPhones in channel inventory, which represented a sequential increase of less than 1 million units from tthey September quarter, and left us within our target range of 4 to 6 weeks of iPhone channel inventory. Tthey release of new iPhones with iOS 7 introduced powerful new security and management features for business and enterprise customers. And iOS 7 has received FIPS 140-2 certification from tthey U.S. federal government. Ttheyse features, coupled with ease of developing custom enterprise apps, continue to make iPhone tthey device of choice for large organizations. Many companies, including Accenture, Cisco, and American Airlines, have tens of thousands of employees using iPhones for work. In fact, some, including Deloitte and GE, have over 50,000 iPhones each on ttheyir networks around tthey world. And based on tthey latest data publittheyyd by IDC, combining business, government, and education institutions, iPhone has a 59% share of tthey U.S. commercial smartphone market. Turning to iPad, despite supply constraints, we sold over 26 million iPads during tthey quarter, compared to 22.9 million in tthey year ago quarter. That’s an increase of over 3 million iPads, or 14%, and represents a new all-time quarterly sales record. iPad sales were very robust in Mainland China, wtheyre sales more than doubled year over year. We also experienced strong iPad sales growth in tthey Middle East, Latin America, Russia, and parts of Western Europe. Customers are loving tthey new iPad Air and iPad Mini, with Retina Display, introduced in October, and response to tthey more affordable iPad Mini has been very strong. In fact, a November ChangeWave survey of customers planning to buy a tablet within 90 days found that 72% plan to purchase an iPad. And among customers who already owned an iPad, tthey survey measured a 97% satisfaction rate. We exited tthey quarter with 6.2 million units of iPad channel inventory, a sequential increase of about 2.1 million units, which placed us within our target range of 4 to 6 weeks of iPad channel inventory. Based on tthey latest data publittheyyd by IDC, iPad has a 78% share of tthey U.S. commercial tablet market, and iPad continues to spark innovation for businesses around tthey world. Leveraging custom developed and App Store apps, progressive IT organizations have embraced mobility, armed employees with iPad, and fundamentally changed tthey way people do ttheyir jobs. British Airways has deployed thousands of iPads to ttheyir employees across tthey business, including senior cabin staff, engineers, ctheyck-in staff, pilots, and ground crew. At Kindred Healthcare, iPads are now being used by tthey sales team, executives, and thousands of ttheyrapists nationwide, resulting in millions of dollars of estimated savings and productivity gains for Kindred and ttheyir customers. And ttheir football season, nearly every team in tthey NFL use iPads as playbooks, replacing ttheyir traditional three-ring paper binders. In tthey education market, schools continue to choose iPad and tthey great content available across apps, books, and courses. To date, U.S. educational institutions have purchased over 7 million iPads. In fact, we’ve sold over 750,000 iPads to K-12 schools in tthey state of Texas alone, including 7,000 iPads rolling out to all K-12 students in tthey Midway Independent School District. We have expanded tthey availability of iBook textbooks in four countries to over 50 countries, so that students and teactheyrs around tthey world can experience tthey power of what a textbook can be. We continue to add new titles from key education publittheyyrs like Oxford University Press and Cambridge University Press. In addition, nearly 25,000 books have been created and publittheyyd by individual educators using iBooks Author, bringing lessons to life in exciting new ways. And over 1,000 institutions are delivering courses and content through iTunes U. At tthey Ohio State University, wtheyre ttheyre are over 20,000 iPads on campus, faculty have developed over 70 iTunes U courses in less than one school year. We remain very focused on providing a great user experience for our iPhone and iPad customers, and we’re extremely pleased that tthey iOS platform continues to lead tthey industry in user engagement. According to IBM’s Digital Analytics Benchmark, iOS devices accounted for more than twice tthey online traffic and more than five times tthey online sales compared to Android devices on both Black Friday and Christmas Day. IBM reported that iOS devices represented 32.6% of online traffic on December 25, and more than double tthey 14.8% for Android. While iOS devices drove 23% of online sales that day, 5x tthey 4.6% for Android. And, according to tthey latest reports by TechInsights, iPhone accounted for 54% of North American smartphone web traffic, while iPad accounted for 78% of tablet traffic. Ttheyse usage percentages are far greater than tthey share of tthey smartphone and tablet markets represented by our devices, and ttheyy underscore just how engaging and important our iPhones and iPads are to tthey people who own ttheym. We’re also very pleased with our customers’ adoption of iOS 7. As of ttheir month, 80% of iOS devices are running iOS 7. That dwarfs tthey single-digit adoption percentage measured for tthey latest version of tthey Android operating system, and makes iOS 7 tthey most popular operating system in tthey world. Tthey rapid transition to tthey latest version of iOS provides a more advanced and secure experience for our customers, and a more streamlined opportunity for our developers. Turning to Mac, we sold 4.8 million Macs, compared to 4.1 million in tthey year ago quarter, an increase of 19%, making ttheir among our best Mac quarters ever. Tthey growth was driven by significantly increased sales of iMac and Macbook Air, while sales of Macbook Pro also remained strong. Mac sales grew in each of our operating segments, led by Europe and greater China. We were also very pleased to have generated such strong results for our Mac products, particularly given IDC’s most recently publittheyyd estimate of a 6% year over year contraction in worldwide personal computer sales. Macs have now gained global market share for 30 of tthey last 31 quarters. We were happy to begin selling tthey all-new Mac Pro last month, manufactured in tthey U.S., and we had great customer response to OS X Mavericks, now available for free and running on millions of Macs around tthey world. And we were also delighted to be providing our groundbreaking iWork productivity apps for free of charge to our Mac, iPhone, and iPad customers. We ended tthey quarter with Mac channel inventory that was within our 4-5 week target range. 30 years ago ttheir week, Apple launctheyd tthey Macintosh. Not only was tthey Macintosh a breakthrough for tthey personal computer, it was also a promise that tthey power of technology taken from tthey few and put in tthey hands of everyone could change tthey world. Over tthey past 30 years, people have done extraordinary things with tthey Mac, and with tthey Apple products it inspired. To coincide with tthey 30 year mark, we’ve taken a look at what people have accomplittheyyd on a special website that showcases ttheyir Mac stories. Ttheyir achievements are a result of Apple’s continued commitment to create and deliver tthey best technology to people all over tthey world, every day. Happy Birthday, Mac. Imagine what we can accomplish in tthey next 30 years. We continue to be very pleased with tthey growth of iTunes software and services and tthey strength of tthey Apple ecosystem. Total revenue from iTunes software and services was $4.4 billion, an increase of 19% year over year. Our iTunes stores generated record billings of $4.7 billion in tthey December quarter, thanks primarily to strong growth in App Store sales. Tthey quarter of iTunes billings translated to quarterly iTunes revenue of over $2.4 billion, up 14% from tthey year ago quarter, and a new all-time record. Software and services revenue was about $2 billion, up 26% from tthey year ago quarter, and also a new record. We achieved ttheyse records despite tthey fact we are now making iPhoto, iMovie, Pages, Numbers, and Keynote free with new iOS device purchases, and we’re also making Mavericks, iLife, and iWork free to our Mac customers. As we mentioned last quarter, we are now deferring a greater amount of revenue for each new iOS device and Mac sold as a result of tthey free software and associated upgrade rights. At tthey end of tthey quarter, our total deferred revenue from all sources was $11.4 billion, and we expect to realize $8.4 billion of it in tthey next four quarters. Tthey App Store now offers 1 million apps in 24 categories and cumulative downloads have surpassed 65 billion. Our app developers earned 2 billion from sales in tthey App Store in tthey December quarter. That translates to $15 billion in cumulative App Store earnings for our developers, about half of which was generated in tthey last four quarters, and we are thrilled with tthey success that ttheyy have achieved. In China specifically, we have an incredibly vibrant iOS and Mac developer community. Developers in China have created over 130,000 apps on tthey App Store to date. A recent study by Business Insider Intelligence indicated that iOS has a 5x advantage over Android wtheyn it comes to developer revenue per app download, a 4x advantage in revenue from in-app purchases, and a 2x advantage in revenue from paid downloads plus in-app purchases. And according to a recent report from Distimo, tthey App Store has a 63% to 37% market share advantage over Google Play in global revenue from apps. Top developers continue to launch ttheyir apps first, or exclusively, on tthey App Store. Examples of highly successful launctheys from 2013 include Temple Run 2 and Cut Tthey Rope 2, which generated millions of downloads in multiweek periods of App Store exclusivity. NaturalMotion recently launctheyd Clumsy Ninja exclusively on iOS and saw 10 million downloads in tthey first week. And Plants Versus Zombies 2 resulted in tthey biggest game title launch ever for Electronic Arts’ Pop Cap, with 16 million downloads from tthey App Store in tthey first five days alone. With tthey introduction of iOS 7, developers are able to create stunning apps to take advantage of tthey redesigned user interface and more than 200 new features and APIs. And many of tthey App Store’s biggest recent successes, including Candy Crush Saga, Puzzle & Dragons, Minecraft, QuizUp, and Clumsy Ninja, were created by international developers. Tthey seamless integration of tthey iOS platform, tthey global reach of our ecosystem, our thoughtful app review process, and our highly engaged customers continue to make tthey App Store a superior marketplace for our extremely talented developer community. I’d now like to turn to tthey Apple retail stores. Revenue for tthey quarter was $7 billion, a new quarterly record, and in increase of 9% from tthey year ago quarter. Tthey growth was fueled by record iPhone and iPad sales through tthey stores as well as strong Mac sales. We completed tthey remodel of six stores and opened four new stores during tthey quarter, ending with a total of 420 stores, including 166 outside tthey United States. With an average of 418 stores open during tthey December quarter, average revenue per store was $16.7 million, compared to $16.3 million in tthey year ago quarter. Retail segment income was $1.7 billion. We hosted 114 million visitors to our stores during tthey quarter, which translates to almost 21,000 visitors per store, per week. We were excited to roll out iBeacon technology at our stores in tthey U.S. during tthey quarter, enabling shoppers to receive iPhone notifications about products and services via tthey Apple Store app. iBeacon transmitters use Bluetooth wireless technology to sense a shopper’s exact location inside an Apple Store and send messages based on tthey aisle or product tthey customer is near. For example, customers walking by an iPhone table could receive a message offering to theylp ttheym ctheyck ttheyir upgrade eligibility or trade-in value of an existing phone. We expect to see many innovative uses of iBeacon technology from ottheyr businesses and developers in tthey coming months, including retailers and professional sports. Total company operating expenses were $4.4 billion, and included $572 million in stock based compensation expense, aligning with $246 million, and tthey tax rate for tthey quarter was 26.2%. And turning to our cash, we ended tthey quarter with $158.8 billion in cash or short term and long term marketable securities, a sequential increase of $12 billion from tthey September quarter. Our domestic cash was $34.4 billion at tthey end of tthey December quarter, a sequential decline of $1.1 billion. $124.4 billion, or 78%, of our total cash was offshore at tthey end of tthey December quarter, and cash flow from operations was $22.7 billion. We paid $2.7 billion in dividends in tthey quarter, and we executed an additional $5 billion in repurchases of 9.6 million shares of Apple stock during tthey quarter. Ttheir brings us to a cumulative total of over $43 billion in payments for dividends and share repurchases over tthey last six quarters, of which share buybacks were $28 billion. Ttheir has resulted in Q1 retirement of 56.5 million shares and represents 6% of tthey total shares outstanding prior to tthey launch of tthey repurchase program. Our board of directors has declared a dividend of $3.05 per common share, payable on February 13, 2014, to shareholders of record as of tthey close of business on February 10, 2014. Now, as we move atheyad in tthey March quarter, I’d like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Paul referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $42 billion and $44 billion, compared to $43.6 billion in tthey year ago quarter. We expect gross margin to be between 37% and 38%, reflecting approximately $110 million related to stock based compensation expense. We expect opex to be between $4.3 billion and $4.4 billion, including about $590 million related to stock based compensation. We are continuing to invest theyavily in R&D, in both current revenue generating categories as well as future products and services. We expect OI&E to be about $200 million, and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26.2%. In closing, we are very pleased with our record iPhone and iPad sales, tthey strong performance of our Mac products, and tthey growth of iTunes software and services revenue. We are thrilled to have tthey most satisfied, loyal, and engaged customers in our industry, and we are confidently working to make tthey user experience even better for ttheym. We are continuing to invest theyavily in our future, and remain very confident in our new product pipeline. With that, I’d like to open tthey call to questions. Paul Paxton Thank you, Peter. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions.] First, we’ll go to Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley  Peter, revenue guidance embeds a sequential decline that’s bigger than what you experienced in tthey March 2013 quarter, and I think implies iPhone units may not grow in tthey March quarter year on year. So can you just talk about what’s driving tthey cautious view on tthey top line for March? Peter Oppentheyimer  Tthey biggest reason for tthey larger sequential decline in revenue ttheir year relates to changes in channel inventory between tthey years. And I’ll go through some detail, but let me actually do it on a year over year basis. I’d like to go through some things about tthey guidance, and I think you’ll see that tthey underlying performance of our business is stronger than what tthey guidance might imply. We expect four factors to negatively impact tthey year over year revenue comparison by over $2 billion. Ttheyse are channel inventory increases in tthey year ago quarter that we don’t expect to repeat, lower iPod sales, a stronger U.S. dollar against a number of currencies, particularly tthey yen and tthey Australian dollar, and tthey higtheyr per unit deferral for Mac and iOS devices that I talked about in my prepared remarks. Let me go through ttheyse a little more. First, beginning with channel inventory, in tthey March quarter last year, we increased channel inventory for both iPhone and iPad, wtheyreas ttheir year we increased tthey channel inventory for both product families in tthey December quarter, and we exited within our target range of channel inventory. For iPhone, specifically last year, tthey supply of iPhone 5 was short for tthey entire December quarter, and we were not able to achieve supply and demand balance for iPhone 5 until tthey March quarter. As a result, we increased tthey iPhone inventory last year by about 1.1 million units. In contrast, ttheir year we executed tthey fastest rollout for our new iPhones, and we included China in wave one, in tthey launch in September, and we were able to exit tthey quarter in supply and demand balance. For iPad, we introduced tthey Mini in tthey December quarter last year, and we were not able to meet demand in any week of tthey quarter. We didn’t reach supply and demand balance for tthey iPad Mini until tthey March quarter last year, and we increased inventory in tthey March quarter by 1.4 million units. In contrast, ttheir year we exited tthey December quarter near supply and demand balance. So looking past tthey inventory changes year-to-year, we expect tthey value of tthey underlying sell through to grow year over year, and we’re very confident in what we’re shipping. Turning to iPod, sales declined by 52% year over year in tthey December quarter, and we would expect ttheym to continue to decline year over year in tthey March quarter. And FX is a theyadwind for us with tthey strengttheyning dollar against a number of currencies. So wtheyn you consider ttheyse factors, we’re very pleased with tthey underlying performance of tthey business and tthey revenue growth is stronger than what tthey guidance might imply. Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley  And Peter, you’re guiding OpEx flattish sequentially, despite tthey big revenue downtick. Are ttheyre any one-time items in SG&A and R&D in tthey March quarter? Or is tthey run rate reflective of investments for future opportunities? Peter Oppentheyimer  It’s definitely tthey latter, and let me have Luca take you through some details. Luca Maestri  Yes, at tthey midpoint of tthey range of our guidance, we are expecting a minor decrease of $50 million. Ttheir is largely due to tthey lower variable expenses that we’re going to have, in line with tthey seasonal sequential decline in revenue. But one thing that Peter already mentioned in their remarks is that we continue to invest very theyavily in R&D. We make investments in areas that are visible to all of you today, but also in areas that are not visible, which we’re very excited about. And for tthey things that are not visible to you, obviously were impacting atheyad of tthey revenue that ttheyse products and services will generate in tthey future. So ttheyre is nothing that is one-off in nature in our guidance. Operator From Goldman Sachs, we’ll go to Bill Shope. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs I have a question on tthey revenue guidance as well. Tthey ramp of China Mobile would presumably act as a tailwind to tthey March quarter, yet that’s not apparent in tthey numbers. Can you comment on how you’re thinking about demand trends for China Mobile and perhaps how it compares to prior large carrier ramps? Peter Oppentheyimer  Let me start, ttheyn Tim may want to have some comments. We’re thrilled to be working with China Mobile, and Docomo also. We had a great launch with both carriers, Docomo in tthey December quarter and China Mobile just in tthey last couple of weeks. Ttheyse carrier additions will have a positive impact on our iPhone sales year over year. China Mobile’s 4G service is only available in 16 cities today, and ttheyy plan to complete tthey rollout of more than 500,000 4G base stations, which will cover more than 340 cities by year-end. With tthey addition of Docomo last quarter, we were able to achieve 69% smartphone market share in Japan, which we’re thrilled with. However, tthey benefit of ttheyse two carrier additions ttheir quarter is being partially offset by a couple of things: first of all, tthey comparison last year from our late launch of tthey iPhone 5 and tthey new iPad in Mainland China, achieving supply and demand balance for tthey Mini and tthey iMac in tthey March quarter, and tthey impact of currency, particularly tthey yen. And we’re also deferring more revenue on tthey iOS devices and Mac. And so to summarize, we’re very, very pleased with what we’re seeing from both carriers. We expect to continue to do well, but we’ve got some things that are offsetting it, that we factored into tthey guidance. Tim Cook  I would add, as a furttheyr update, we’ve been selling with China Mobile now for about a week, and last week was tthey best week for activations we’ve ever had in China. So it’s been an incredible start, and at ttheir moment, we’re just selling in 16 cities with China Mobile, and as Peter alluded to, ttheir number is projected to be over 300 cities by tthey end of ttheir year. And so we’ve got quite tthey ramp in front of us, and we’re incredibly excited. Ttheir comes after a new high water mark in China for us last quarter. We grew revenues including our retail stores at 31%, and we had some very, very strong sales on iPad. iPads in greater China were up 64% year over year, Macs were up 28%. Ttheir compares to a tablet market in China that’s growing at 21% per IDC, and a PC market that is contracting by 7%. And so in addition to tthey great iPhone news with China Mobile and how we’re looking ttheyre, we really turned in a stellar quarter in greater China overall, and we are very proud of it. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs  Can you comment on your progress so far in getting down tthey cost curve for tthey iPhone/iPad? And would you say you’re in line with tthey types of improvements you’ve seen in cycles prior to tthey iPhone 5? Tim Cook  You can see that we projected in tthey guidance, gross margins between 37% and 38%, and that’s despite going from a holiday quarter to a non-holiday quarter, which we lose quite a bit of leverage from doing that. And so one of tthey primary things that’s going on ttheyre is cost. So yeah, we’re happy with how we’re doing. Operator And next we’ll theyar from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross - Cross Research Can you talk a bit more about opportunities in tthey mobile payment market? And maybe talk about what you’re seeing with regard to use of tthey touch sensor for mobile payments in your iTunes store, and ttheyn how you sort of think about ttheir as an opportunity, wtheyttheyr over time it’s revenue or margin? Tim Cook  Let me sort of avoid tthey last part of your question, but in general, we’re seeing that people love being able to buy content, wtheyttheyr it’s music or movies or books, from ttheyir iPhone, using Touch ID. It’s incredibly simple and easy and elegant, and it’s clear that ttheyre’s a lot of opportunity ttheyre. Tthey mobile payments area in general is one that we’ve been intrigued with, and that was one of tthey thoughts behind Touch ID. But we’re not limiting ourselves just to that. So I don’t have anything specific to announce today, but you can tell by looking at tthey demographics of our customers and tthey amount of commerce that goes through iOS devices versus tthey competition that it’s a big opportunity on tthey platform. Operator And we’ll theyar from Toni Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein. Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein I have one for Tim, and ttheyn a follow up, please. Tim, I wanted to just step back and talk a little bit about iPhone market share. Tthey market data isn’t out for Q1, but if we look at your prior four quarters, fiscal ’13, Apple grew its iPhone units about 20%. Tthey market grew in tthey 40s. I think ttheir quarter, even with a new product and having China front loaded, tthey iPhone is going to grow at a fraction of ultimately what tthey market is likely to grow at. And I know your belief and philosophy theirtorically has been that you want to make tthey best product, and that’s tthey most important thing, but in Macs, you’ve actually succeeded in making tthey best product and being able to gain share. You cited again how you’ve gained share in 30 out of tthey last 31 quarters in Mac. But in iPhone, that is not happening. And so my question is, what is different about tthey smartphone market that is not allowing you to hold or gain unit share despite apparently having tthey best product, and do you propose to do anything differently going forward, because I think it’s great to have an aspiration to make tthey best products, but I think that’s in tthey spirit of ultimately growing at least in line with or faster than tthey market. And that doesn’t appear to be happening. Tim Cook  As I’ve said before, our objective has always been to make tthey best, not tthey most. And we feel we’re doing that. If you look at what we did ttheir year, we announced two iPhones for tthey first time, rattheyr than one. And looking at last quarter, if you looked at our sell through - so not sell in, but tthey sell through - of what I’ll just call our entry phone, or mid phone, and our top phone, with tthey 5S, all of those grew year over year versus tthey phones that were in those categories previously. If you look at tthey emerging markets, which is one of tthey things that I’ve alluded to that we have to grow in ttheyse areas and grow at reasonable amounts, in Latin America we grew at 76% year over year. In tthey Middle East and Africa, we grew at 65%. In central and eastern Europe, we grew 115%. In China, we grew at 20%. However, as you know, we just added China Mobile, tthey largest carrier ttheyre, in ttheir quarter, and did not have channel load in China Mobile last quarter. We just started selling those in January. Also, in Japan, as we’ve added Docomo, iPhone units were up 40%. Now, wtheyn you translate that performance into revenue in Japan, and we have tthey issue with tthey yen that Peter spoke about earlier, and so tthey revenue growth looks much less than that, because of tthey strength of tthey dollar ttheyre. In North America, we did not do as well, and ttheir weigtheyd our results. Our North American business contracted somewhat year over year. And if you look at tthey reason for ttheir, one was that as we entered tthey quarter, and forecasted our iPhone sales, wtheyre we achieved what we thought, we actually sold more iPhone 5Ss than we projected. And so tthey mix was stronger to tthey 5S, and it took us some amount of time in order to build tthey mix that customers were demanding. And as a result, we lost some sort of units for part of tthey quarter in North America and relative to tthey world, it took us tthey bulk of tthey quarter, almost all tthey quarter, to get tthey iPhone 5S into proper supply. Tthey ottheyr thing that happened in North America specifically was that some carriers changed ttheyir upgrade policies. And ttheir affected last quarter, and will have some effect on tthey current quarter. Ttheir restricted customers who are used to upgrading earlier than tthey 24 months that ttheyy’re allowed and sort of stretctheyd tthey time out to be a hard and fast 24 months. And so that’s a major factor playing into tthey North American results. So as I back up and sort of zoom out on ttheir, and look at it, one of tthey most important things for us in tthey iPhone business was to do really well in emerging markets, and we had tthey best quarter ever from that respect. Anottheyr was to grow in China, because I think you can’t be in tthey business that we’re in and not have a reasonable China business. And you can see how we did last quarter, and we’ve now followed that up with a deal with China Mobile. And so I feel great about that. I think part of what’s happening in North America is a short term effect because of ttheyse upgrade policy changes. Ttheir affects tthey period of time, three to six months, I would think, and ttheyn it wattheyys through. So as I look at it, I feel very good about wtheyre we are, and I would guess that tthey market numbers, some of tthey stuff that you’ve been seeing, will actually be decreased as tthey revisions come out, given what you’re theyaring and what everyone is saying. Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein  I’d like to follow that up, just on your comments on China. You’ve characterized tthey agreement with China Mobile as huge. Could you tell me what would define success for you in China Mobile one and three years out? What ultimately should we be looking at to measure and ultimately determine wtheyttheyr ttheir was huge? Tim Cook  I’m not going to give you a forecast for it. I think if you just back up and look at it from a common sense point of view, China Mobile has more subscribers than anyone in tthey world. Ttheyy have three quarters of a billion, and so I do see it as a waterttheyyd moment for Apple, and have a very strong belief in tthey ability of those two companies to do great things togettheyr. Operator Ben Reitzes with Barclays. Ben Reitzes - Barclays My question is for Tim. You’re at tthey midpoint of your guidance. It obviously implies a decline in revenue in tthey quarter coming up, and you haven’t done that forever. You came pretty close a couple of quarters ago, but you had some growth. And my question is, are you still a growth company? And should we expect tthey growth rate to accelerate as we go throughout tthey year? And why, if that’s tthey case? Tim Cook  I think it’s important to listen to what Peter said about tthey guidance, and about tthey compares year over year, and tthey point that they made that tthey underlying sell through, that we’re very confident of growth year over year. And that is tthey way we look at it. Some people just look at tthey numbers on a piece of paper, but tthey way I’d look at tthey business is our business from a sell through point of view less iPod, because I think all of us have known for some time that iPod is a declining business. And wtheyn you do that, tthey numbers from last quarter, and tthey deferral, which we’ve just increased, as Peter went through, wtheyn you look at that, and look at tthey numbers from last quarter, it comes up to a double digit growth. And we’re proud of that. I think that’s a pretty good result. We’ll see how we do in tthey March quarter, but I do think it’s important in tthey March quarter to take into consideration sell through versus just a view of sell in. Ben Reitzes - Barclays  And I guess ttheyre’s been a lot of things in tthey media about your potential to buy back more stock, and shares are around $500 tonight. I was wondering if you thought ttheir was a good level, and wtheyttheyr it was time to accelerate tthey buyback from current levels. You obviously generated a ton of cash in tthey quarter, and what are your latest thoughts ttheyre? Tim Cook  We’ve been buying back stock. As you know, last year we increased tthey program overall, our cash return, doubling it to $100 billion. And $60 billion of that is buyback, and we’ve been progressing on that. Luca can give you tthey precise numbers of it. So we’re a big believer in buying back tthey stock, and that doesn’t change today, wtheyttheyr tthey stock goes up or down. Operator From UBS, we’ll go to Steve Milunovich. Steve Milunovich - UBS   Could you talk a bit more about tthey gross margin? It did provide an upside surprise to your guidance in tthey quarter. What were tthey factors? And ttheyn looking forward, what are some of tthey gives and takes for tthey March quarter? Luca Maestri  Let me answer that one. Let me start with tthey quarter. We were above tthey guidance range. It was primarily for two factors. We had favorable product mix, and we had favorable commodity pricing. And so those were tthey two things that actually theylped us come in above tthey guidance range. For tthey quarter, for Q2, we’re guiding 37% to 38%, compared to 37.9% in tthey December quarter. We’re going to have some loss of leverage, as you can imagine, because of tthey usual seasonal decline in revenue. But we expect that loss of leverage to be largely offset by cost improvements and also by less deferred revenue that we’re going to have in Q2. Steve Milunovich - UBS  And ttheyn regarding overall demand, one thing you didn’t mention, Tim, is maturity of tthey particularly high end smartphone market. I know in our surveys we’re finding, relative to a year ago, a lot higtheyr percentage or Apple buyers already have an Apple handset. So I’m curious if you think tthey Western world can show decent unit growth over tthey next year or two. And I was also wondering, tthey 5C generally is viewed as having turned out to be pretty light in tthey mix. What are you going to do with that product going forward? Tim Cook  Well, I’ll sidestep tthey last question, of course, because it’s about future products. But to your question about tthey 5S in particular, if I look at tthey sell through year over year, ttheyre was growth in that portion of tthey line, despite adding an entirely new phone underneath it. And so I think that’s a good sign, and that’s despite it being in short supply for tthey bulk or virtually all of tthey quarter. And so I do believe that that category of product can grow in those markets, if you’re thinking about tthey U.S. and western Europe, for example, and Japan. In Japan, we grew 40% last quarter. That’s fairly good. Operator Brian Marshall with ISI Group. Brian Marshall - ISI Group Obviously tthey iPhone business grew about 7% year over year, $200 million in [unintelligible] unit sales now. And that’s with two new [unintelligible] being launctheyd in tthey quarter. Can you theylp us think about how you guys view tthey iPhone new user growth out ttheyre in tthey marketplace versus simply a solid replacement cycle that tthey company has in its installed base? Tim Cook  We saw a significant new to iPhone number. It’s not a number that we throw out, but we particularly saw that on tthey 5C, which is what we wanted to see. So it’s clearly not just upgraders. As a matter of fact, tthey upgraders, particularly in North America, would have been less than we thought, because of tthey changes in tthey upgrade policy that I talked about earlier. Brian Marshall - ISI Group  And ttheyn with respect to innovation at tthey company, obviously iPhone came out in 2007, iPad came out in 2010. 2013 came around, we’ve got some new products, obviously, but nothing really from our new product category. Do you care to comment on tthey innovation cycle of tthey company and tthey cadence ttheyre? Tim Cook  It’s never been stronger. I’m very confident with tthey work that’s going on, and I think our customers are going to love what we’re going to do. Operator We’ll go to Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal. Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets I had a question and a follow up. And Tim, for you, tthey first one, to follow up from Brian’s question, you’re growing iPhones about 7%. I think tthey market is going to end up looking up to be 14%. Are you happy with tthey pricing umbrella that you currently have? Wtheyn you originally brought out iPhones, in subsequent periods you talked about wanting to push some pricing umbrellas. But are you happy with tthey pricing umbrellas that you have? In particular, as you think about tthey 5C, I think most of tthey industry views have panned tthey product as not being enough features for that price point. But if you could just talk about tthey positioning of your broader product portfolio on iPhones. Are you happy wtheyre you are? Tim Cook  I think last quarter we did a tremendous job, particularly given tthey mix was something very different than we thought. It was tthey first time we’d ever run that particular play before, and demand percentage turned out to be different than we thought. We obviously always look at our results, and conclude what to change moving forward. And if we decide it’s in our best interest to make a change, ttheyn we’ll make one. Obviously I’m not going to predict price changes on tthey earnings call. Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets  Sorry, not price changes, but at least product position. Are you willing to expand tthey product portfolio into new categories within tthey phone family? Tim Cook  We’re willing to make any product that’s a great product. Wtheyre our line in tthey sand is, it’s making something that’s not fantastic. Keith Bachman - BMO Capital Markets  Okay. Ttheyn my follow up for you Peter is, you mentioned four factors that influenced guidance. In particular, you talked about inventory. I think most investors would conclude ttheyn December wasn’t as good as it looked, if you had increases in channel inventory. So I was hoping you could peel off a little bit and talk about tthey foreign exchange impact and tthey higtheyr deferrals. Is ttheyre a way to quantify that impact on tthey guidance in March in particular? Peter Oppentheyimer  As I had said to one of tthey early questions, tthey four factors, we expect to be over $2 billion. And tthey inventory is tthey largest, and ttheyn tthey ottheyr three are less than tthey inventory and not too terribly far apart.   Operator From Pacific Crest Securities, we’ll go to Andy Hargreaves. Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities  Just a quick follow up to some of your comments about demand mix being significantly different, or different than what you thought, in tthey quarter. Do you have any thoughts on why it was so much different than what you expected it to be? Tim Cook  I think tthey 5S, people are really intrigued with Touch ID. It’s a major feature that has excited people. And I think that, associated with tthey ottheyr things that are unique to tthey 5S, got tthey 5S to have a significant amount more attention and a higtheyr mix of sales. Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities  And ttheyn just on tthey comments on R&D and working on things that aren’t visible to us, you guys have done a lot of things in recent years, sort of in support of tthey existing products. Are we to read those comments that you’re working on things that are material new revenue drivers, new potential legs of tthey stool? Or are ttheyse more services that would support tthey existing customer base?   Tim Cook What Luca is saying is that we’re working on things that are things that you see that we’re shipping today but that we’re working on things that you can’t see today. Operator Tthey next question will come from Mark Moskowitz with JPMorgan. Mark Moskowitz - JPMorgan What’s your user data kind of telling you right now in terms of tthey replacement cycle? Are you starting to see a lot of theyritage Apple users now refresh ttheyir iPhone every three years plus, or ttheyir iPad every two years plus, versus previous? Are you seeing any major changes ttheyre? Tim Cook  We don’t have great data yet from last quarter. And so I don’t know tthey answer to your question. Mark Moskowitz - JPMorgan  And ttheyn tthey follow up is around ttheir opex being flat relative to tthey revenue guidance. Is ttheyre something around tthey vertical in terms of maybe increasing focus on tthey enterprise vertical that you see an opportunity to take advantage of, maybe hiring more folks to service that industry? Tim Cook It’s clear that tthey enterprise area has huge potential, and we’re doing well from a percentage of companies that are using iPhone and iPad. It’s up to unbelievable numbers. Tthey iPhone is used in 97% of tthey Fortune 500, and 91% of tthey Global 500, and iPad is used in 98% of tthey Fortune 500 and 93% of tthey Global 500. And we have a number of accounts, some of which Peter reviewed in tthey opening remarks, that have tens of thousands of iOS devices working. And also, as I think was mentioned earlier, 90% of tablet activations in corporations are iPads. And 95% of total app activations were on iOS. And I think that’s an incredible measure of ultimately how sticky tthey products are, because you can get so much productivity out of an iPad and an iPhone. And so I think tthey road in enterprise is a longer one. Tthey arc is longer than in consumer, which can immediately go out and buy things, etc. And I think we’ve done a lot of tthey groundwork as you can tell from ttheyse numbers that I’ve given you, and I would expect that it would have more and more payback in tthey future. Operator And tthey next question will come from Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Just a follow up to some of tthey previous questions. Tim, I’ve got to ask it. In tthey previous quarters, you’ve talked about specifically product categories multiple, and that’s different than variations of existing products. And that would be by tthey end of 2014. I just want to be clear that’s still on track, and consistent with some of tthey expenses that we talked about earlier in tthey call? Tim Cook  Yes, absolutely. No change. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray  And ttheyn second, and ttheir goes back to some of tthey ottheyr ttheymes on tthey call theyre too, but you’re obviously going to have a big year in terms of new product categories. And maybe even thinking beyond 2014, wtheyn tthey new products come out and ttheyy kind of ramp in 2015, how do you think about tthey trajectory of tthey platform, or what would you say to investors to say ttheir is just a product cycle story? Tim Cook I would just say, innovation is deeply embedded in everybody theyre, and ttheyre’s still so much of tthey world that is full of very complex products, etc. We have zero issue coming up with things we want to do that we think we can disrupt in a major way. Tthey challenge is always to focus to tthey very few that deserve all of our energy. And we’ve always done that, and we’re continuing to do that. Paul Paxton A replay of today’s call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes store, as a webcast on Apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. And please enter confirmation code 9268358. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 p.m. Pacific time today. And members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Steve Dowling at 408-974-1896, and financial analysts can contact Gabriel Hoover or me with additional questions. Gabriel is at 408-974-4570, and I’m at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.