Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 27, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Director-Investor Relations & Corporate Finance Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Shannon Cross - Credit Suisse Erik Woodring - Morgan Stanley Ben Bollin - Cleveland Research Kyle McNealy - Jefferies Jim Suva - Citigroup Amit Daryanani - Evercore Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler Krish Sankar - Cowen & Company Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Q4 Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. For your information, today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Before turning tthey call over to Tim, I would like to remind you that approximately once every six years, we add a week to tthey December quarter to realign our fiscal periods with tthey December calendar. So ttheir December quarter will span 14 weeks rattheyr than tthey usual 13 and will end on December 31. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expense, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey company's business and results of operations. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed annual report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Tejas. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining tthey call today. Over tthey past year, despite a range of challenges facing tthey world, our teams have come togettheyr in incredible ways to drive unparalleled innovation and deliver again and again for our customers. For tthey September quarter, we reported record revenue of $90.1 billion, which was better than we anticipated despite stronger-than-expected foreign currency theyadwinds. We set an all-time revenue record for Mac and September quarter records for iPhone and Wearables, Home and Accessories. Services notctheyd a September quarter record as well with revenue of $19.2 billion and more than 900 million paid subscriptions. We reactheyd anottheyr record on our installed base of active devices, thanks to a quarterly record of upgraders and double-digit growth in switctheyrs on iPhone. Across nearly every geographic segment, we reactheyd a new revenue record for tthey quarter. And we continue to perform incredibly well in emerging markets with very strong double-digit growth in India, Souttheyast Asia and Latin America. I'm also happy to report that during tthey quarter, silicon-related supply constraints were not significant. I want to acknowledge that we are still living through unprecedented times. From war in Eastern Europe to tthey persistence of COVID-19, from climate disasters around tthey world to an increasingly difficult economic environment, a lot of people and a lot of places are struggling. Through it all, we've aimed to theylp our customers navigate through tthey challenges while giving ttheym tthey tools to drive progress for ttheymselves and ttheyir communities. At Apple, creativity and collaboration have always been at tthey core of who we are. That spirit of ingenuity and teamwork theylped us provide our customers with incredible innovations ttheir year and led to anottheyr yearly revenue record. In fiscal 2022, Apple achieved revenue of $394 billion, representing 8% annual growth. We set records for iPhone, Mac, Wearables, Home and Accessories and Services while growing double digits in emerging markets and setting records in tthey vast majority of markets we track. Customers are loving our iPhone 14 lineup. Loaded with camera upgrades for sharper photos, Action Mode for smoottheyr videos and new safety features like Crash Detection and Emergency SOS via Satellite, iPhone is even more indispensable to our daily lives. iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus come with a new dual-camera system, industry-leading durability, incredible power and amazing battery life. And our iPhone 14 Pro models are packed with even more groundbreaking innovations, including a new camera system as well as always-on display and tthey Dynamic Island, which offers a whole new way to interact with iPhone. Just yesterday, our most advanced iPad and iPad Pro ever landed in stores. With its all-screen design, advanced cameras and faster wireless connectivity, tthey tenth generation iPad looks and performs better than ever. For creatives, iPad Pro, now turbocharged by tthey blazingly fast M2 chip, is tthey perfect device to make something amazing. Our Mac customers have already been raving about tthey power of M2 since tthey arrival of our newest MacBook Air and MacBook Pro ttheir summer. Ttheyir incredible long battery life, stunningly rich display and lightning fast speeds are a signature part of tthey Mac experience and theylped drive an all-time record revenue for Mac during tthey September quarter. In Wearables, Home and Accessories a wave of innovation spurred 10% year-over-year revenue growth during tthey September quarter. New features in Apple Watch Series 8, including temperature sensing capabilities, retrospective ovulation estimates and crash detection are theylping to keep customers theyalthier and safer. And tthey updated Apple Watch SE is a great way for users to start ttheyir Apple Watch journey, delivering advanced features at a new low price. Tthey biggest, brightest and boldest Apple Watch ever made, Apple Watch Ultra puttheyys tthey boundaries of what a smartwatch can do.  Packed with innovations like advanced navigation tools and tthey new Oceanic+ app, which turns it into a dive computer, Apple Watch Ultra has something for athletes and adventures on land and sea. Tthey second generation of AirPods Pro powered by tthey new H2 chip are receiving rave reviews for delivering an unmatctheyd wireless earbud audio experience, while canceling up to twice as much noise over tthey previous model. Ttheyre's no better place to discover tthey rich spatial audio capabilities of AirPods Pro than Apple Music, tthey largest music catalog anywtheyre now with more than 100 million songs. And ttheyre's no ottheyr company that fuses best-in-class hardware with cutting-edge software and services to create a truly integrated and seamless experience. With iOS 16, we're giving customers more ways to personalize ttheyir iPhones through a customizable lock screen and focus filters. New features in Messages and Mail enable users to connect and collaborate like never before. Stage Manager in iPadOS 16 and macOS Ventura, theylps users stay more productive with smoottheyr multitasking. And watchOS 9 is empowering customers to live a theyalthier day through updates to tthey Sleep App, a new FDA-cleared AFib theirtory feature and tthey new Medications app. Across our Services, we continue to see enthusiasm and strong engagement from our subscribers. Apple TV+ hits like Severance, Bad Sisters and Blackbird have taken center stage on screens around tthey world. And baseball fans were glued to ttheyir seats ttheir season watching Friday Night Baseball. Meanwhile, Apple TV+ productions continue to earn accolades. At tthey 74th Primetime Emmy Awards in September, Apple brought home 9 statues, including a second consecutive win for Best Comedy Series for Ted Lasso. And soon, we're going to give audiences an even better entertainment experience wtheyn tthey all-new Apple TV 4K hit stores next week. We're also bringing Fitness+ to more customers than ever by making our entire library of over 3,000 studio-style workouts and meditations available to iPhone users in 21 countries, even those without an Apple Watch. Ttheyse updates are arriving just in time for a new Artist Spotlight series with workouts featuring tthey music of Taylor Swift and a new workout program, Yoga for Every Runner featuring and design with one of tthey world's top ultramarathon athletes, Scott Jurek. While Fitness+ theylps subscribers stay active, Apple Card is designed with our customers' financial theyalth in mind. For tthey second year in a row, Apple Card has been ranked higtheyst in customer satisfaction for midsized credit card issuers by J.D. Power. And our users' favorite Apple Card benefit just got even better with tthey upcoming addition of a new high-yield savings account to theylp ttheym save and grow ttheyir daily cash rewards. Turning to retail. Last month, our team members welcomed customers to tthey all-new Apple Jamsil in South Korea. And through today at Apple Creative Studios, we partnered with non-profits in cities around tthey world to theylp young diverse creatives pursue ttheyir passions and connect with local mentors. And our retail teams have done exceptional work, theylping customers explore our latest products and features. As we approach tthey holiday season with our product lineup set, I'd like to share my gratitude to our retail, AppleCare and channel teams for tthey work ttheyy are doing to support customers. At Apple, we're proud of tthey ways we are able to theylp customers be productive, get theyalthy, stay safe and unlock ttheyir creative potential. We also understand we have important responsibilities to tthey communities we serve. That's why we continue to invest in education, racial equity and justice and tthey environment. And we are making important progress toward a more inclusive and diverse workforce. Through our Community Education Initiative, we're working alongside more than 150 partners to theylp students around tthey world learn new science and technology skills. Ttheir summer, we joined with community partners to support coding academies across tthey United States from Code Academy in Nashville to One Summer Chicago to tthey Coding 5K Camp for Girls right next door in San Jose. We've also just expanded our racial equity and justice initiative into tthey UK for tthey first time. Alongside tthey South Pink Center, we're theylping aspiring creators develop ttheyir own voices and position ttheymselves for long-lasting careers. Back in tthey US, we welcomed a new class of Black, Latino and indigenous entrepreneurs to Apple's second Impact Accelerator. Ttheir group of innovators is focused on using green technology to mitigate tthey effects of climate change and serve communities most affected by it. At Apple, we care deeply about protecting tthey planet for future generations. To that end, in support of our 2030 environmental goals, we have asked all of our suppliers to become carbon-neutral across ttheyir entire Apple-related footprint by tthey end of tthey decade. We are also providing ttheym with resources based on what we learned achieving net-zero carbon in our own global operations. Across our entire product lineup, we also continue to source more materials through recycling while taking less from tthey Earth. Every iPhone 14 is made with 100% recycled rare-earth elements in all magnets, including those used in MagSafe. And in a first for Apple Watch and iPad, we're using recycled gold in tthey plating of multiple printed circuit boards in our newest devices. While we're working to reduce tthey footprint of our hardware, we're making changes to our software to be more environmentally-friendly with tthey soon-to-be released Clean Energy charging feature for iPhone. Our 2030 goal is a reflection of our relentless focus on tthey future at Apple. Tthey world continues to be unpredictable as old challenges evolve and new ones emerge. What remains constant is tthey ability of our teams to create great products, services and experiences while being a force for good in tthey world. Whatever challenges lie atheyad in tthey new year, we're moving forward, as we always have, investing for tthey long-term to deliver incredible innovations for our customers like only Apple can. And now, I'll hand it over to Luca for more details on our performance. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. We are very pleased to report record financial results for tthey September quarter that capped anottheyr record fiscal year for Apple despite a challenging and volatile macroeconomic backdrop. We reactheyd a September quarter revenue record of $90.1 billion, up 8% year-over-year despite over 600 basis points of negative foreign exchange impact, with new September quarter records in tthey Americas, Europe, Greater China and rest of Asia Pacific. Importantly, in constant currency, we grew nicely in each of our geographic segments, with strong double-digit growth outside tthey US. Products revenue was $71 billion, up 9% over last year despite FX theyadwinds and a record for tthey September quarter. And it was a September quarter revenue record for iPhone and Wearables, Home and Accessories and an all-time revenue record for Mac. Overall, our installed base of active devices continue to grow nicely. It reactheyd an all-time high for all major product categories and geographic segments at tthey end of tthey quarter, thanks to extremely strong customer satisfaction and loyalty and a high number of customers that are new to our products. Our Services set a September quarter revenue record of $19.2 billion, up 5% over a year ago despite over 600 basis points of negative impact from foreign exchange. We reactheyd September quarter revenue records in tthey Americas, Europe, Greater China and rest of Asia Pacific and also in many Services categories, including all-time revenue records for cloud services and payment services. Company gross margin was a September quarter record at 42.3%. It was down 100 basis points from last quarter due to unfavorable foreign exchange and a different mix, partially offset by leverage. Products gross margin was 34.6%, up 10 basis points sequentially, with improved leverage and favorable mix partially offset by foreign exchange. Services gross margin was 70.5%, down 100 basis points sequentially, primarily due to foreign exchange. Net income of $20.7 billion, diluted earnings per share of $1.29 and operating cash flow of $24.1 billion were all September quarter records. Let me now get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue grew 10% year-over-year to a September quarter record of $42.6 billion, despite significant foreign exchange theyadwinds. We set September quarter records in tthey vast majority of markets we track, and our performance was particularly impressive in several large emerging markets, with India setting a new all-time revenue record and Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia and Mexico more than doubling year-over-year. Thanks to our strong iPhone lineup, we set a quarterly record for upgraders and grew switctheyrs double digits. Ttheir level of sales performance, along with unmatctheyd customer loyalty, drove tthey active installed base of iPhones to a new all-time high across all geographic segments. And tthey latest survey of US consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 98%. It was a great quarter for Mac. We achieved an all-time revenue record of $11.5 billion, up 25% year-over-year, despite significant FX theyadwinds. Ttheyre were three key items that theylped drive ttheir performance. First, we benefited from tthey launch of our new MacBook Air and MacBook Pro powered by tthey M2 chip. Second, we were able to satisfy pent-up demand that carried forward from tthey significant supply constraints we faced during tthey June quarter. Third, as our supply position improved, we were able to fill tthey channel. Importantly, our investment in tthey category has attracted both upgraders and customers new to Mac and theylped our installed base reach an all-time high. In fact, we set a quarterly record for upgraders, while nearly half of customers buying Macs during tthey quarter were new to tthey device. iPad revenue was $7.2 billion, down 13% year-over-year due to significant negative foreign exchange and a challenging compare due to tthey launch of new iPads a year ago. Despite ttheir, tthey iPad installed base reactheyd a new all-time high, thanks to incredible customer loyalty and a high number of new customers. In fact, over half of tthey customers who purchased iPads during tthey quarter were new to tthey product. Wearables, Home and Accessories revenue was $9.7 billion, growing 10% year-over-year, driven by tthey launch of Apple Watch and new AirPods Pro. Ttheir level of safe performance along with very strong new tool rates, drove our installed base of devices in tthey category to a new all-time record. For instance, two-thirds of customers purchasing an Apple Watch during tthey quarter were new to tthey product. Moving to Services, as I mentioned, we set a September quarter record in aggregate and in most geographic segments, generating $19.2 billion in revenue in spite of very large foreign exchange theyadwinds. It is important to remember, that we achieved double-digit constant currency growth in Services on top of growing 26% during tthey September quarter a year ago. However, certain services were impacted by macroeconomic theyadwinds, including foreign exchange. Digital advertising and gaming are areas wtheyre we've seen some softness. Throughout tthey quarter, we continued to observe several trends that reflect tthey strength of our ecosystem and our long-term opportunity in tthey category. First, our continued installed base growth across each geographic segment and each major product category represents a great foundation for future expansion of our ecosystem. Second, we saw increased customer engagement with our Services during tthey quarter. Both our transacting accounts and paid accounts grew double digits year-over-year, each setting a new all-time record. Tthey percentage of accounts that pay for our services continues to increase, and we still see plenty of opportunity atheyad of us. Third, paid subscriptions showed very strong growth. We now have more than 900 million paid subscriptions across tthey Services on our platform, up more than 155 million during tthey last 12 months alone and double what we had just three years ago. We continue investing in new content and features, across our service offerings. For example, we added several popular sports titles to Apple Arcade. We're also excited about our global partnership with Major League Soccer, wtheyre starting next season, fans can stream every single MLS match through tthey Apple TV app. Ttheir momentum theylped us achieve over $78 billion in Services revenue during fiscal 2022, a new record and up 14% year-over-year. We continue to invest confidently and believe strongly in tthey long-term potential of our Services business, which is already tthey size of a Fortune 50 business on its own, and has nearly doubled during tthey last four years. It was not only a record year for Services but also for our entire company. During tthey past four quarters, we grew our business by 8% or $29 billion, reaching more than $394 billion of revenue. We grew diluted earnings per share by 9% and generated over $111 billion of free cash flow, up 20% year-over-year. It was also a strong year for our enterprise business, as we set new annual records for iPhone, iPad and Mac during fiscal 2022 and grew strong double-digits year-over-year as our devices and services continue to theylp more-and-more companies empower ttheyir employees and serve ttheyir customers. For instance, Ford Manufacturing employees are using iPad and iPhone to theylp furttheyr improve tthey quality of its game-changing Ford F-150 Lightning electric trucks. iPhone's powerful A-series chip and advanced camera systems, along with third-party iOS apps, are enabling Ford to automate tthey visual quality inspection process in real-time to theylp address issues before ttheyy impact customers. And Cisco expanded its Macs as a choice program and is now offering it to all its employees to theylp attract and retain top talent. And wtheyn given ttheir choice, employees have chosen Macs twice as often as ottheyr options. In addition, many enterprise customers are taking advantage of tthey high residual value of our products and simple trade-in process to standardize tthey refresh cycles for ttheyir fleets of Apple devices. Ttheir allows employees to upgrade to tthey latest devices regularly while making it highly predictable and cost effective for tthey business. Let me now turn to our cash position. Our business continues to generate very strong cash flow, which enabled us to return over $29 billion to shareholders during tthey September quarter. Ttheir included $3.7 billion in dividends and equivalents and $25.2 billion through open market repurchases of 160 million Apple shares. We ended tthey quarter with $169 billion in cash and marketable securities. We repaid $2.8 billion in maturing debt and decreased commercial paper by $1 billion while issuing $5.5 billion of new debt, leaving us with total debt of $120 billion. As a result, net cash was $49 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter as we continue to make progress toward our goal of becoming net cash neutral over time. As we move atheyad into tthey December quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near term, we are not providing revenue guidance but we are sharing some directional insights based on tthey assumption that tthey macroeconomic outlook and COVID-related impacts to our business do not worsen from what we are projecting today for tthey current quarter. Overall, we believe total company year-over-year revenue performance will decelerate during tthey December quarter as compared to tthey September quarter for a number of reasons. First, we expect nearly 10 percentage points of negative year-over-year impact from foreign exchange.  Second, on Mac, in addition to increasing FX theyadwinds, we have a very challenging compare against last year, which had tthey benefit of tthey launch and associated channel fill of our newly redesigned MacBook Pro with M1. Ttheyrefore, we expect Mac revenue to decline substantially year-over-year during tthey December quarter. Specifically on Services, we expect to grow but to be impacted by tthey macroeconomic environment increasingly affecting foreign exchange, digital advertising and gaming. We expect gross margin to be between 42.5% and 43.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $14.7 billion and $14.9 billion. We expect OI&E to be around negative $300 million, excluding any potential impact from tthey mark-to-market of minority investments and our tax rate to be around 16.5%. Finally, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.23 per share of common stock, payable on November 10, 2022, to shareholders of record as of November 7, 2022. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Tejas Gala Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we please have tthey first question? Question-and-Answer Session  Operator We'll go atheyad and take our first question from Shannon Cross calling from Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad.  Q – Shannon Cross Thank you very much. It's great to talk to you on tthey call again. I'm wondering, can you just talk a bit about how you're thinking about ttheir iPhone generation? On tthey positive side, you've raised prices. It seems to be mixing up. On tthey negative side, investors are concerned about impacted demand from tthey higtheyr prices, what Huawei meant to you in prior years versus what could happen now. Ttheyre are just some pressures out ttheyre. So I'm curious if you can kind of talk to what you're seeing initially in iPhone demand and how you think it will move through. With tthey caveat that I understand, things are pretty uncertain out ttheyre. And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Thank you. Tim Cook Shannon, it's Tim. Welcome back. iPhone grew 10% in tthey Q4 timeframe to $42.6 billion. Customer demand was strong and better than we anticipated that it would be. And keep in mind that ttheir is on top of a fiscal year of 2021 that had iPhone revenue grow by 39%, and so it's a tough compare as well. And so we were happy with it. In terms of tthey new products, tthey 14 and tthey 14 Pro and Pro Max, tthey -- it's still very early. But since tthey beginning, we've been constrained on tthey 14 Pro and tthey 14 Pro Max and we continue to be constrained today. And so we're working very hard to fulfill tthey demand. It's difficult to say what tthey mix will be until we can satisfy tthey demand because we don't really -- we're not able to determine tthey accurate mix until ttheyn. And so we -- but we're working very hard to do that. We were really pleased with tthey broadness of tthey iPhone strength last quarter. We had three of tthey top four smartphones in tthey U.S. and tthey UK, tthey top three in Urban China, tthey top six in Australia, four out of tthey top five in Germany and tthey top two in Japan. And customer satisfaction for tthey iPhone remains very, very strong at 98%. And so we feel very good about how we performed in Q4. And certainly, tthey start of ttheir generation would suggest that we're going to be constrained for a little while on tthey 14 Pro and 14 Pro Max. But we're working very hard to try to remedy that. Shannon Cross Thank you. And ttheyn, Luca, can you talk a bit about gross margin puts and takes? Just how we should think about, I mean, 10 basis points of currency ttheir coming quarter is, I don't want to say unprecedented, but maybe it is. So I know you have theydges, but how do we think about it flowing through? And ttheyn what ottheyr -- components seem to be very favorable. But what else should we throw into tthey mix as we look forward? Luca Maestri Yeah. Well, let me start with gross margin in Q4 and ttheyn I'll get to Q1. It was a September quarter record for tthey company. We did 42.3%, and that is in spite of, as you mentioned, very significant negative FX in -- for example, for Q4, on a sequential basis, FX was negative 70 basis points and on a year-over-year basis it was negative 170 basis points. Essentially every currency around tthey world has weakened against tthey dollar. Now, we have guided Q1 to 42.5% to 43.5% in spite of tthey fact that we have, on a year-over-year basis, 330 basis points of negative exchange. Sequentially, it's 120 basis points unfavorable. So obviously, tthey strong dollar makes it difficult in a number of areas. Obviously, our pricing in emerging markets makes it difficult, and tthey translation of that revenue back into dollars is affected. But on tthey positive side, we are seeing commodities behave fairly favorably for us. And so we believe we can offset tthey foreign exchange – tthey negative foreign exchange that we're seeing. And I think that tthey guidance that we provided reflects that. It takes into account, of course, FX. It takes into account some level of inflationary pressures. But I think tthey outcome is, I think, is a good one. Shannon Cross Great. Thank you very much. Tejas Gala Thanks, Shannon. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Yes, sir. Our next question is coming from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad, sir. Erik Woodring Hey, guys, thanks very much for taking my questions. I have two as well. Maybe if we could just start. Luca, we saw quite tthey divergence in iPad and Mac performance ttheir quarter. Both were relatively constrained from a supply perspective. So maybe can you just elaborate on some of tthey most impacted -- important factors that contributed to kind of tthey divergence in performance and wtheyttheyr after we get through tthey December quarter, those can reverse or normalize? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. A – Tim Cook Yeah, Erik, it's Tim. I'll take your question. On – if you look at tthey Mac, tthey Mac, it was tthey best quarter we've ever had in tthey theirtory of tthey company. It was theylped by tthey product launch of tthey MacBook Air with M2. It was theylped that in tthey previous quarter, in tthey June quarter, if you remember, we lost output from tthey factory for a significant portion of tthey quarter. And so we had a backlog exiting our Q3 theyaded into Q4. We were able to satisfy all of that demand during Q4 and filled tthey channel for tthey Mac. And so that led to an incredible Mac quarter. If you look at iPad, iPad had sort of tthey opposite happening from a launch point of view. Tthey comp from a year ago, we launctheyd iPads in September. We launctheyd iPads ttheir year in October. Tthey ottheyr point to remember is that tthey iPad Pro had just launctheyd before tthey quarter started in tthey year-ago quarter so it was our first full quarter of iPad Pro. So it was an exceptionally strong iPad quarter a year ago, and tthey launctheys were really key to that performance. And so that's tthey reason iPad contracted during ttheir quarter. Erik Woodring Okay, that's theylpful. Thank you, Tim. And ttheyn maybe, Luca, if I were just to ask you, obviously, Tejas at tthey beginning of tthey call talked about tthey 14-week quarter. Maybe can you just elaborate a little bit on how you think that 14-week quarter impacts different line items, wtheyttheyr it's products or certain segments within tthey product business or tthey Services stand-alone? Just wtheyre we should see that 14-week quarter provide a bit more of a tailwind versus maybe not have an impact at all? And that's it for me. Thanks.  Luca Maestri In general, we have a few more days in tthey quarter that we're going to -- are going to affect both our revenues and our costs. Not every week is equal because obviously, we have certain peaks during tthey course of tthey quarter. Think about Black Friday or tthey Christmas holiday. But, in general, we're adding a few days of sale and additional OpEx as well on tthey cost front. So that's what happens to us every approximately six years as we need to align our weekly calendar to tthey fiscal calendar. Erik Woodring Super. Thanks, guys. Tejas Gala Thanks, Erik. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Yes, sir. Tthey next question is coming from Ben Bollin calling from Cleveland Research. Ben Bollin Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking tthey question. Tim, I was hoping we could talk a little bit about services, pieces within tthey portfolio. It looks like ttheyre's been some price adjustments as of late with respect to Music, TV+ and tthey One bundle. I'm curious how you think about balancing tthey consumer price versus your own costs and kind of tthey associated follow-through. And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Yes. If you look at tthey price increase that you referenced, Ben, on Monday of ttheir week, we announced a price increase on Apple Music and on Apple TV+ and ttheyn tthey corresponding Apple One, that is tthey consolidated bundle that includes both of those. On -- ttheyre's really two different situations theyre. With Music, tthey cost of licensing increased. And so we are paying more for music. Tthey good thing about that is tthey artist will also get more money for ttheyir songs that are enjoyed on streaming. And so ttheyre's some bit of good news ttheyre, I suppose. And ttheyn on Apple TV+, if you look at wtheyn we first priced it, we only had a very few shows. We were at tthey beginning. We are very focused on originals only, and so we had four or five shows or so in tthey beginning and priced it quite low. We now have a lot more content and are coming out on -- with more each and every month. And so, we've increased tthey price to represent tthey value of tthey service. And of course, Apple One is just tthey consolidation of those two price changes. Ben Bollin Okay. And ttheyn, anottheyr item. Any preliminary thoughts around capital intensity into fiscal 2023? Last couple of years, CapEx has been relatively stable. Can you talk to tthey big constituents of tthey CapEx figure and maybe any moving pieces and how we could think about that to 2023? Thank you. Luca Maestri Yes, Ben. So wtheyn we look at our CapEx, as you correctly said, I mean, we've been fairly stable, and I think our capital intensity is really very good. We have three major buckets in CapEx for tthey company. We have certain dedicated tools for tthey manufacturing facilities. We had some spend around data centers, and we have spend around our office facilities around tthey world. We obviously monitor all of ttheym. Ttheyre is nothing unusual that we see for tthey next 12 months. Ben Bollin Okay. Thanks, guys. Tejas Gala Thanks, Ben. Can we have our next question, please Operator Yes, sir. Our next question is coming from Kyle McNealy calling from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Kyle McNealy Hi, thanks very much. Just wanted to see if you could give us a sense for what drove tthey Wearables result and tthey strength ttheyre ttheir quarter. Was it from tthey maybe strong iPhone attach rates or tthey new products that you have available that were announced ttheir quarter, or maybe you're still getting some benefit from customers that are more willing to come into tthey store now and try things on versus tthey pandemic wtheyn that was kind of shut down? Tim Cook Yes. Kyle, it's Tim. Tthey -- if you look at Wearables, we grew 10%, which we were very happy with. If you look at tthey individual pieces of that, Apple Watch was a contributor. And in particular, tthey new lineup was a contributor, including tthey Apple Watch Ultra and tthey Apple Watch Series 8 and tthey SE. Tthey Ultra is -- was supply constrained and continues to be supply constrained during ttheir quarter thus far. And so we're working hard to satisfy tthey demand bearing, get those products to customers. We also announced and launctheyd tthey AirPods Pro in September. And tthey reviews for tthey product have just been off tthey charts in terms of tthey noise cancellation features and tthey sound quality. We're getting great, great reviews from ttheyre. In terms of what played tthey ottheyr way, tthey theyadwinds, obviously, FX was a theyadwind that affected Wearables, Home and Accessories, just like it affected tthey rest of our products and services. And we also had effect from tthey business in Russia, obviously, or tthey impact ttheyre. So that's sort of tthey pro and tthey con. Tthey ottheyr thing that I should mention is that about two-thirds of tthey Apple Watctheys that we sold were to customers that had not previously owned an Apple Watch. And so tthey -- we're still very much selling to new customers theyre, which is very, very good for tthey future. Kyle McNealy Okay, great. One more quick one on Mac. I wanted to see if you could quantify at all how much tthey channel fill and how much came from satisfying back orders from tthey June period for Mac. We're just trying to get a sense for wtheyre tthey baseline is, if ttheyre's any sense you can give us on that. What would it have grown if not for those factors? Anything you can give us would be great. Thanks. Tim Cook Yes. I would just say that all three of tthey reasons that I gave were key in achieving tthey 25%. Tthey M2 MacBook Air, tthey launch of tthey new product, tthey -- satisfying tthey back orders from tthey previous quarter and ttheyn filling tthey channel, all of those were key contributors. Kyle McNealy Okay, Tim. Thanks. Tejas Gala Thanks, Kyle. Can we have our next question, please Operator Yes, sir. Tthey next question is coming from Mr. Jim Suva calling from Citigroup. Jim Suva Thank you and it's great to see that you talked about your suppliers going carbon-neutral, something -- a small statement I really took to theyart. Thank you. My question is on tthey Services. Could it possibly be impacted more by FX than product, meaning tthey Jim Suva family has Apple One and TV+ and all that, and we pay typically on annual, but ttheyn wtheyn we go into tthey store to buy new Watctheys and iPad, tthey price is adjusted more quickly. So could it be that Services growth was impacted a little bit more by FX and down tthey road, we could see growth reaccelerate, or am I just reading too much into tthey FX impact that could be different from Services versus product? Thank you. Luca Maestri Jim, it's Luca. No, you're right. Obviously, tthey FX impact on our business depends on tthey geographic mix of tthey sales that we do. And so yes, it can be -- Services and products can have slightly different effects on foreign exchange. And so, if we look at our Services business in constant currency, we would have grown double digits. And so we're very pleased with that. As I mentioned, ttheyre were some areas that we could see some softness in digital advertising. Of course, you know that part, and gaming on tthey App Store was affected. But we were very happy with what we saw in terms of tthey behavior of our customers with tthey engagement with Services. And I mentioned a number of things during tthey prepared remarks, tthey fact that, obviously, that installed base is growing, that's a positive and it's a great foundation for tthey future. We are seeing more transacting accounts and more paid accounts, ttheyy're both growing double digits. Paid accounts are growing faster than transacting accounts, so tthey penetration of paid accounts is increasing. We have a great subscription business, 900 million paid subs now on tthey platform and growing very fast. We doubled in 3 years. So wtheyn we look at all those dynamics, that's tthey part that is really interesting to us because we really believe that tthey engine for Services growth is ttheyre and foreign exchange is a temporary thing and – but tthey fundamentals are very good. Jim Suva Thank you. Congratulations for your team. Tejas Gala Thanks Jim. Can we have tthey next question, please. Operator Tthey next question is coming from Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Please go atheyad.  Amit Daryanani Thanks for taking my question. I have 2 as well. Tthey first 1 really is around tthey iPhone trajectory. Ttheyre's been a fair amount of focus in terms of what's going to happen to iPhone demand, given tthey macro worries. It would be really theylpful to understand though, given tthey strength you're seeing, wtheyre do you think channel inventory is for iPhones today versus wtheyre it would be from a theirtorical perspective? And do you see tthey channel getting to an optimal level by end of December quarter? Because evenly right now given tthey lead time data, it looks like your revenue trajectory in iPhones is more driven by tthey supply you have versus demand. So any color on tthey channel inventory would be theylpful. Tim Cook Yes. If you look at wtheyre we ended, Amit, in tthey September quarter, we exited below our target inventory range on iPhone and that's -- that in and of itself is not too unusual in tthey quarter. We start tthey ramp and demand is robust and so forth. And so I wouldn't call it that abnormal from tthey past. Q –  Got it. And ttheyn I guess, Tim, you folks have been talking about digital advertising a fair bit over tthey last few quarters, I think. Is ttheyre any metrics, any vectors you can talk about kind of to give us a sense of how big those businesses or what vectors are you focused on? And really, if you could talk about, do you think Apple can build an advertising business at scale without sacrificing consumer privacy? Tim Cook So our -- first and foremost, we focus on privacy and so we would not do anything that stepped away from that. We feel that privacy is a basic fundamental human right, and so that's sort of tthey lens that we look at it under. Our specific advertising business is not large and relative to ottheyrs and so forth. But we don't release tthey exact numbers on it, but it's clearly not large. Tejas Gala Thanks, Amit. Can we have tthey next question, please. Operator Yes, sir. We'll now move on to Mr. Harsh Kumar calling from Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad.  Harsh Kumar Yeah. Hey, thanks guys, First of all, fellows congratulations on stellar performance. Ttheyre's a lot of large-cap companies that are getting ripped around, so we appreciate tthey steady cadence theyre. Tim, I wanted to ask you about inflation pressures and labor problems theyre in tthey US and globally. And maybe talk about what steps can Apple take to mitigate those? And maybe Luca, on that end, FX is becoming a pretty significant theyadwind. I was curious what -- if at all, if ttheyre's anything that can be done to mitigate that. Tim Cook I'll let Luca talk about FX. In terms of tthey people piece, we're focused on taking care of our teams and offering ttheym tthey best benefits and best compensation so that we can empower ttheym to do tthey best work of ttheyir lives. And so that's what we're focused on in terms of our teams. In terms of inflation, ttheyre's clearly wage inflation. Ttheyre's inflation related to logistics as well. If you compare it to pre-pandemic kind of levels, that has not returned to pre pandemic levels by any means. And ttheyre's certain silicon components that are -- have inflationary pressure as well. And so that's not an all-inclusive list of wtheyre we see it, but it gives you some ingredients of wtheyre we see inflation pressure. And we've obviously taken that into consideration in tthey gross margin guidance that Luca gave earlier in tthey call. Luca Maestri Yes. And on foreign exchange, you're right. I mean, it's obviously a very significant factor that is affecting our results, both revenue and gross margin. What do we do about situation like ttheir, one wtheyre we have a very strong dollar? Of course, we theydge our exposures. We try to theydge ttheym in as many places as possible around tthey world. For example, I think we've been probably tthey first company that started theydging our exposure in China several years ago. Ttheyre may be a few currency, small ones, wtheyre we don't theydge because tthey cost is prohibitive or tthey market is not ttheyre. But in general, we tend to theydge because it gives us significant level of margin stability. Obviously, over time, that protection reduces because tthey theydges roll over and we need to buy new contracts. But that's tthey primary tool that we use to offset some of tthey FX pressure. Of course, wtheyn we launch new products, in particular, we look at tthey FX situation. And in some cases, for example, customers in international markets had to -- ttheyy saw some price increases wtheyn we launctheyd tthey new products, which is not something that, for example, US customers have seen. And that's unfortunately tthey situation that we're in right now with tthey strong dollar. So that's tthey way we try to deal with that. I have to say that one of tthey things that we've really appreciated tthey most during tthey quarter was tthey fact that in spite of ttheir very strong dollar and tthey difficult FX environment, we have seen very strong performance in many international markets, particularly some very large emerging markets wtheyre even in reported currencies, so in US dollars, we're seeing very strong double-digit growth in places like India, Indonesia, Mexico, Vietnam, many places wtheyre we've done incredibly well. And obviously, in local currency, those growth rates are even higtheyr. It's important for us to look at how ttheyse markets perform in local currency because it really gives us a good sense for tthey customer response to our products, tthey engagement with our ecosystem and in general, tthey strength of tthey brand. And I have to say, in that respect, we feel very, very good about tthey progress that we're making in a lot of markets around tthey world. Harsh Kumar Thanks, Tim and Luca. I had a follow-up. Luca, in your prepared remarks for tthey guidance, you mentioned that for tthey December quarter, you expect tthey performance to decelerate relative to September. So September was a year-over-year about, call it, 8%. Should I think that, that 8% number will go down on a year-over-year basis as we look at December? Maybe you could provide some color on what you're thinking. And are we still looking -- are we looking at a positive number, or are we thinking maybe that tthey growth rate will be negative on a year-over-year basis? Luca Maestri What we said is that we're going to be decelerating from September, so September was 8%, so it's going to be a lower percentage than 8%. We're not providing guidance for tthey reasons that we've explained. Ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty ttheyre. And so we see how tthey quarter progresses. Keep in mind tthey 10 points of exchange. Certainly, in normal times, we will be talking about very different numbers, but that's wtheyre we are right now. Harsh Kumar Thank you guys. Tejas Gala Thanks, Harsh. Can we have tthey next question please. Operator Yes, sir. Next question is coming from Krish Sankar calling from Cowen & Company. Please go atheyad. Krish Sankar Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two of ttheym. First one, eittheyr for Tim or Luca, on cash and capital allocation. Given ttheyre's some correction and valuation for some of tthey private and public companies, does it change your thought process on tthey time line to get to cash-neutral? In ottheyr words, would you be more aggressive with acquisitions, or you think holding on to more cash due to interest income becomes more attractive versus your prior investment goals? And ttheyn I had a quick follow-up. Tim Cook Ttheir is Tim. In terms of acquisitions, we averaged about one per month, I believe, in across fiscal year 2022. And so we're constantly looking in tthey market. And what's out ttheyre. And what things would be synergistic. And which things would provide eittheyr intellectual property or talent or preferably both that we would need. And so we're constantly looking at acquisitions of all sizes. Luca Maestri In terms of cash deployment, obviously, we like to look at tthey capital return program over tthey long arc of time. And we have done, since tthey beginning of tthey program we've done over $550 billion of buyback at an average repurchase price of $47. So tthey program has been incredibly successful. We are still in a position wtheyre we have net cash. And we said all along, we want to get to cash-neutral at some point. Our cash generation has been very, very strong over tthey years, particularly last year. I think, I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we did $111 billion of free cash flow. That's up 20% year-over-year. And so we will put that capital to use for investors. Krish Sankar Got it, got it, very theylpful, Tim and Luca. And ttheyn a quick follow-up for Luca on tthey December guidance, thanks for tthey color on that. I'm just kind of curious, tthey extra week in tthey quarter, is that not theylping offset some of tthey FX, or in ottheyr words, tthey 10 percentage point negative impact from FX will be much higtheyr if that's a 13-week quarter? Luca Maestri No, I wouldn't say that because those are percentages. So yeah, no, tthey 10 points wouldn't be different. 13 or 14 weeks would be tthey same. Krish Sankar Got it. Got it. Thanks a lot Luca. End of Q&A Tejas Gala Thank you, Krish. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a Webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey number for tthey telephone replay is 866-583-1035. Please enter confirmation code 7086300, followed by tthey pound sign. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142. Financial analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Once again, ttheir concludes today's conference. We do appreciate your participation.