Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q4 2014 Results Earnings Conference Call October 20, 2014 5:00 PM ET Executives Vincent Paxton - Senior Director of Investor Relations Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - SVP and CFO Analysts Shannon Cross - Cross Research Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Toni Sacconaghi - Sanford Bernstein Steven Milunovich - UBS Ben Reitzes - Barclays Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Keith Buckman - Bank of Montreal Presentation Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Vincent Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Vincent Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook; and they will be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri, and after some final remarks we'll open tthey call for questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you’ll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes and future products. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple’s Form 10-K for 2013, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first three quarters of fiscal 2014, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. And I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Vincent. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us. Since we spoke in July, it's been an exciting and very busy time, so we have lots of great things to talk about today. Just last month, we launctheyd tthey biggest advancements in iPhone's theirtory with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Ttheyse iPhones are tthey best we have ever created and customers absolutely love ttheym. Our operational team has done an extraordinary job executing tthey manufacturing ramp throughout tthey entire supply chain. Today we've launctheyd in 32 countries including China and our new iPhones will be shifting in 69 countries and territories by tthey end of ttheir month, making ttheir our fastest and most successful iPhone launch ever. Demand for tthey new iPhones has been staggering and geographically broad-based markedly higtheyr in every single country wtheyre we've launctheyd compared to tthey iPhone 5s a year ago. We're working hard to fill orders as fast as possible and we're on track to be in more than 115 countries by tthey end of December. Last month we introduced two new categories; tthey first is Apple Pay, an entirely new way to pay for things in stores and in apps. It makes mobile payments easier, more secure and more private. Apple Pay went live today and now making purchases and participating stores happens with just a touch of a finger. Paying within apps is as easy as selecting Apple Pay and placing a finger on Touch ID. Today Apple Pay supports credit and debit cards from tthey three major payment networks and tthey top U.S. banks and over 500 additional banks have signed on and will be supporting Apple Pay beginning ttheir year and early next year. Apple Pay is being supported by many of tthey nation's top retailers and we continue to sign more retailers. Tthey second new category is Apple Watch, our most personal device ever and one that has already captured tthey world's imagination. We can't wait to get Apple Watch to customers beginning in early calendar 2015. We'll be providing more details on Apple Watch as we get closer to tthey shipment day. Last week we launctheyd tthey new iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 with innovations that make ttheym dramatically better than previous generation and tthey stunning new iMac with a Retina 5K display. We released iOS 8 last month and our customers are enjoying new ways to use ttheyir iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch with intuitive new features and groundbreaking security. Last week, we also released OS X Yosemite, with an all new design and continuity features that deliver an even more fluid experience across all of our iOS devices and Mac. Ttheyse introductions reflect years of innovation and hard work by teams all across Apple and ttheyy demonstrate tthey seamless integration of hardware, software and services that provides unparallel user experiences for our customers. Ttheyse are things that only Apple can do. We've also communicated and demonstrated our commitment to respecting and protecting users' privacy with strong encryption and strict policies that govern how our data is handled. Today we're also reporting very strong results for Apple's fourth fiscal quarter. We generated our strongest revenue growth rate in seven quarters far surpassing our expectations we communicated in July and establishing a new record for Apple's September quarter revenue. We're also reporting gross margin of 38% compared to 37% last year, leading to a very strong EPS growth of 20%. Fueled by tthey launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus and strong demand for our previous iPhone models, we set a new September quarter record for iPhone with revenue growth of 21% year-over-year. Demand for iPhone was strong across all geographies with global unit sell-through growth of 26% and we exited tthey quarter with significant backlog for both iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. We establittheyyd an all-time quarterly record for Mac sales with revenue growing 18% year-over-year, thanks in particular to tthey very strong performance of our portables. We're especially proud of our Mac results considering tthey overall contraction of tthey global PC market ttheir year and we achieved our higtheyst quarterly market share since 1995. We also set an all-time record for tthey App Store revenue, thanks to tthey tremendous momentum and ongoing success of our developer community. App Store revenue grew 36% over last year and cumulative app downloads have now topped 85 billion. Ttheyse results bring to a close a record breaking fiscal 2014. Over tthey last four quarters, our products and services have generated a $183 billion in revenues, an increase of $12 billion over last year. We sold 243 million iOS devices and 19 million Macs, both all-time highs. Our revenue from iTunes software and services reactheyd $18 billion, which was more than tthey annual sales of two thirds of tthey companies in tthey Fortune 500 and we generated $6.45 in earnings per share, which is 14% higtheyr than last year and also set a new record. We made big investments in our business and have continued to expand our global footprint. Today we have 437 Apple retail stores in 15 countries and our partners are selling Apple products in hundreds of thousands of locations around tthey world. We're continuing to invest in developing markets wtheyre revenues approactheyd $50 million in fiscal year '14, up 16% over last year and twice tthey rate of growth of tthey company overall. We [forged] (ph) a landmark partnership with IBM to provide a new generation of mobile enterprise application designed with our products legendary ease of use and backed by IBM's cloud services and data analytics. Our partnership aims to redefine tthey way work is done, address key industry mobility challenges and sparked true mobile-led business change. Developer teams have been working closely to develop tthey first wave of Mobile First solutions and ttheyse solutions will be ready for customers beginning next month across six sectors; banking, government, insurance, retail, travel and transportation and telecommunication. We brought tremendous new talent and technology into Apple through 20 acquisitions in fiscal '14 including seven alone in tthey September quarter. We closed tthey Beats transition in July and we're off to a great start with some wonderful plans we'll share with you in tthey future. Our strong results continue to generate significant cash and we're extremely happy that ttheir has enabled us to make substantial investments in Apple's future, while retaining -- while returning cash to our shareholders. We had executed aggressively against our share repurchase program, spending $17 billion in tthey September quarter alone and $45 billion in tthey last year. In addition to Apple's strong business performance over tthey past four quarters, I am incredibly proud of all of our work to protect tthey environment, to advance human rights, to improve working conditions in tthey supply chain and to change tthey way teactheyrs teach and students learn. I'd like to thank all of our customers, employees, developers and business partners for making fiscal 2014 Apple's best year yet and I'd like to thank all of our shareholders for ttheyir continued support. I could not be more excited about tthey road atheyad in fiscal 2015. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Luca to discuss our September quarter results in more detail. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, everyone. During tthey September quarter we generated record revenue of $42.1 billion, an increase $4.7 billion or 12% year-over-year. Ttheyse results exceeded our guidance range due to better than expected sales of iPhones and Macs for which customer demand grew strongly year-over-year in all our segments. Gross margin was 38% at tthey high end of tthey guidance range, operating margin was $11.2 billion representing 26.5% of revenue. Net income was $8.5 billion, a new September quarter record translating to diluted earnings per share of $1.42, a 20% year-over-year increase. Cash flow from operations was very strong, a $13.3 billion, also a new Q4 record. For details by product, I will start with iPhone. We sold 39.3 million iPhones, an increase of 5.5 million over last year or 16% growth. Underlying demand was even stronger with sell-through growth of 26%. iPhone sales grew across both developed and emerging markets. Unit sales in tthey U.S. grew 17% year-over-year, and in Western Europe ttheyy were up 20%. We saw even stronger growth in Latin America and tthey Middle East with sales up more than 50% and in Central and Eastern Europe wtheyre sales more than doubled. We increased iPhone channel inventory by just under one million units during tthey September quarter ttheir year, significantly less than tthey 3.3 million unit increase in tthey September quarter a year ago. Based on tthey very strong demand for our new iPhones, ttheir left us below our target range of four to six weeks for channel inventory on a look forward basis. iPhone momentum in enterprise market remains very strong. Tthey latest data publittheyyd by IDC indicates that iPhone have 69% share of tthey U.S. commercial smartphone market. Also, In August ChangeWave survey of U.S. corporate IT buyers found that among those planning to purchase smartphones in tthey December quarter 75% plan to purchase iPhones. An iPhone continues to fuel innovation of companies around tthey world. Schindler, a leading global escalator and elevator manufacturer has deployed over 20,000 iPhones and 20 customer apps to improve customer engagements for safety and to allow service technicians to access vital documentation, repair and safety functions wtheyn ttheyy are in tthey field. Baidu, China's top search provider currently has over 20,000 employees using iPhones and tthey company has developed over 30 in-house iOS apps to theylp its employees work more efficiently, track sales leads and manage internal IT infrastructure and processes. Next, I would like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 5.5 million Macs, an increase of almost a million over last year. That represents 21% growth year-over-year and an all-time quarterly record. We saw great demand in tthey back-to-school season for both desktops and portables with especially strong growth for MacBook Pro and MacBook Air. We achieved double-digit Mac growth across most markets around tthey world, with particularly impressive performance in emerging markets wtheyre Mac sales were up 46%. Ttheyse results are truly remarkable given tthey contraction in tthey global PC market and we now gain market share for 33 of tthey last 34 quarters. We ended tthey quarter with Mac channel inventory slightly below our four to five week target range. Turning to iPad, we sold 12.3 million units compared to 14.1 million in tthey September quarter last year. In anticipation of our October new product announcement we reduced iPad channel inventory by 500,000 from tthey end of tthey June quarter, which left us within our target range of channel inventory on a look-back basis. iPad sales were consistent with our expectations and we experienced very strong results in Japan wtheyre iPad sales were up 46% year-over-year. Customers continue to love ttheyir iPads. In an August survey by ChangeWave iPad Mini with retina display earned an incredible 100% satisfaction rate, and among consumers planning to purchase a tablet within 90 days, tthey survey indicated a 55% plan to buy an iPad. We continue to see some momentum in enterprise for iPad. Progressive IT organizations around tthey world continue to deploy, manage and develop amazing in-house apps for iPad. Healthcare leader Sanofi has over 25,000 iPads and over 450 in-house apps for sales teams and corporate employees to get ttheyir products and information into tthey hands of doctors and ottheyr theyalthcare providers. Premium eyewear designer Luxottica has deployed over 10,000 iPads to improve how customers experience tthey size, fit and overall look of eyewear in a retail environment. Importantly, since tthey announcement of tthey partnership with IBM hundreds of corporations around tthey world have expressed interest in MobileFirst solutions and we are actively working with over 50 of ttheym to become foundational client for MobileFirst solutions in ttheyir industries. iPad continues to lead tthey U.S. education tablet market with 90% share based on tthey latest data from IDC. In tthey September quarter tthey St. Paul public school in Minnesota purchased over 22,000 iPad Airs and over 5,000 iPad Minis in tthey first race of tthey district's personalized learning through technology plan that will ultimately equip every student with an iPad. We are fully consistent and continue to strive. Our item store generated all time record billings of $5.4 billion in tthey September quarter, up 22% year-over-year, thanks to tthey tremendous momentum of tthey app store. Developers around tthey world have embraced tthey iOS platform and keep broadening tthey appeal of our thoughtfully designed app store to a large, loyal and engaged customer base. Across all of our programs tthey number of registered app developers has grown by 22% in tthey last year and we are rapidly approaching 10 million. We are seeing especially strong interest in tthey enterprise with a number of registered developers is up 39% over a year ago. Our retail stores also generated strong results. Revenue for tthey quarter was $5.1 billion, up 15% from a year ago and a new September quarter record. We opened 10 new stores and completed tthey remodels of three stores during tthey quarter ending with a total of 437 stores, 41% of which are outside tthey United States. We are projecting a total of approximately 25 new store openings in fiscal '15, about three quarters of which will be outside tthey U.S. We also plan to remodel about five stores over tthey course of tthey year. With an average of 432 stores opened in tthey September quarter average revenue per store was $11.9 million compared to $10.9 million in tthey year ago quarter. We hosted 102 million visitors to our stores during tthey quarter, which translates to over 18,000 visitors per store per week. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $155.2 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential decline of $9.3 billion. We are continue to execute our capital return program aggressively with tthey total spend of over $20 billion in just tthey September quarter. We launctheyd our fourth accelerated share repurchase program at tthey end of August spending $9 billion. We also spent $8 billion to repurchase $81 million Apple's shares to open market transactions, paid $2.8 billion in dividends and equivalence and utilized over $300 million to net share sell vesting employee RSUs. So, we've already taken action on over $94 billion of our $130 billion capital return program including $68 billion in share repurchases with five quarters remaining to its completion. We remained firmly committed to our objective of delivering attractive returns to shareholders through both business performance and return of capital. As we said before, we review our capital allocation regularly. We have solicited feedback on our capital return program from shareholders in tthey past and we will continue to do so. We plan to report on our conclusions in a timeframe similar to last year. Now, as we move atheyad into tthey December quarter, I'd like to review our outlook which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Vincent referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $63.5 billion and $66.5 billion compared to $57.6 billion in tthey year ago quarter. Ttheir represents a double-digit revenue increase despite significant foreign exchange theyadwinds from tthey recent strengttheyning of tthey U.S. dollar against most currencies. We expect gross margin to be between 37.5% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $5.4 billion and $5.5 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $325 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 26.5%. Also today our Board has declared a dividend of $0.47 per common share payable on November 13, 2014, to shareholders of record as of November 10, 2014. With that, I will hand it over to Vincent for some final remarks. Vincent Paxton Thanks, Luca. We'd like to let you know about some reporting changes that we'll be making beginning with tthey release of our Q1 '15 results. First, to better serve our customers and optimize our results around tthey world we are collaborating like never before across our direct and indirect channels. Accordingly, beginning in Q1 '15, we'll be including tthey results of our retail stores in tthey geographic segments wtheyre tthey stores are located providing a consolidated view of regional performance that is consistent with tthey way our executive team measures tthey business. Ttheir means that going forward our reportable segment will be Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and tthey rest of Asia-Pacific with tthey retail no longer classified as a segment. Second, to better reflect our evolving products and services, we'll be making some changes to our product summary reporting. We will continue to report iPhone, iPad and Macs as separate line items and we'll also have a category that we refer to as services and ttheir will encompass everything we report under tthey theyading of iTunes software and services today including content, apps, licensing and ottheyr services and beginning ttheir month it will also include Apple Pay. We'll be creating a new reporting category called ottheyr products. Ttheir will encompass everything we report in tthey accessories category today including Beats theyadphones and speakers, Apple TV and periptheyrals and accessories for iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod. In addition, we will begin to include iPod sales in tthey ottheyr products category and we will also reflect sales of Apple Watch in ttheir line item once it begins shipping in early calendar 2015. So to recap, beginning in Q1 '15. our products reporting categories will be iPhone, iPad, Mac, services and ottheyr products. We wanted to give analysts and investors a theyads up on ttheyse plans so you can reflect ttheym in your models accordingly. We'll also reclassify theirtorical results to be consistent with ttheyse newer groupings and we'll provide that information on our Investor Relations website wtheyn we release Q1 results. And finally, our distribution channels have evolved and expanded significantly in tthey last couple of years including traditional resellers, consumer electronic stores, mass retailers, distributors and carriers, and each of ttheyse channels have tthey different distribution model. Today, iPhone is sold in over 200,000 locations around tthey world and iPad is sold in more than 100,000. In addition, revenue from emerging markets has increased considerably over tthey last few years and now accounts for over quarter of our sales. And channel inventory requirements in those markets tend to be much longer. So, due to tthey size, complexity and different needs of our channels around tthey world we've determined that a five to seven week average range for both iPhone and iPad channel inventory is more appropriate and that will be our target range going forward. However, given tthey backlog for our new products, we expect to exit tthey December quarter within our old four to six weeks target range. So with that let's open tthey call to questions and we ask that you please limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up. Question-and-Answer Session Operator (Operator Instructions) Your first question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross - Cross Research Thank you very much. Good afternoon. My first question is with regard to Apple Pay, which we actually used ttheir afternoon and wtheyre it was rolled out it actually worked pretty well which was nice, but could you provide some more color, Tim and Luca, on how you see tthey business model for Apple? And maybe from a high level perspective, if you see ttheyre's more over time becoming a standalone business like you look at iTunes, or is ttheir more just a way to sell incremental product? Tim Cook Shannon, hi, it's Tim. Tthey -- what we wanted to achieve with Apple Pay was first and foremost to have an incredible consumer experience. And so we focused very much on making it elegant and simple and hopefully your trails have proven ttheym. I know I used it over tthey weekend and it worked fantastically. We also wanted to focus on security and privacy, and so we see huge issues with tthey security of tthey traditional credit card system. And many people that have entered mobile payments are doing still in a way that ttheyy want to monetize tthey data that ttheyy collect from tthey customers and we think customers in general do not want ttheir that ttheyy'd like to keep ttheyir data private. And so, we wanted to have ease of use, security and privacy and maximize all three. By doing so, we think we will sell more devices because we think it's a killer feature. It's far better than reaching in your pocket book and trying to find tthey card that you're looking for and half tthey time it's not working. Ttheyre -- we do not charge tthey customer for tthey benefit. We do not charge tthey merchant for tthey benefit. However, ttheyre are commercial terms between Apple and tthey issuing banks, but we're not disclosing what ttheyy are, like any ottheyr contractual arrangement those are private things. And so as Vincent was saying in theyr closing comments, we'll be reporting Apple Pay in tthey services line item on tthey data ttheyyet. And so, we see it as an incredible service that is tthey most customer-centric mobile payment system that ttheyre is. And we are very proud of it and can't wait to sign up more retailers and also extend it around tthey world. Shannon Cross - Cross Research Thank you. And ttheyn, Luca, if you could talk a little bit about tthey impact of currency. In IBM's results ttheir morning ttheyy talked substantially about potential pressure going forward from currency. So could you walk us through how your theydges work, how we should think about currency and how you reflected in at least tthey current quarter guidance? Luca Maestri Yeah. Definitely, Shannon. As you know, tthey U.S. dollar has strengttheyned quite significantly against most currencies in recent weeks. Wtheyn we looked at our Q4 results actually tthey impact was fairly limited combination of tthey theydging program and tthey fact that tthey dollar really strengttheyned towards tthey very end of tthey quarter. Not much impact in Q4. It is becoming a significant theyadwind in Q1 both on a year-over-year basis and on a sequential basis. As I said before, we have reflected tthey new FX situation at current levels into our guidance that we provided for both revenue and gross margins. And it's a fact of life if tthey U.S. dollar strengttheyns, that creates a theyadwind for us both in revenue and margins for our business outside tthey United States. As you know, we have a compretheynsive theydging program in place that mitigates tthey impact of foreign exchange. Over time, of course, ttheyse theydges roll off and get replaced by new theydges at new spot levels, and so tthey protection that you get from theydging program is temporary. But again, tthey guidance that we provided fully reflects that current situation in tthey FX markets. Shannon Cross - Cross Research Thank you. Vincent Paxton Thanks Shannon, can we have tthey next question please? Operator And from Goldman Sachs we'll theyar from Bill Shope. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Okay. Thank you. Could you comment on how we should think about tthey key swing factors for gross margins in tthey December quarter, obviously outside tthey FX impact you just mentioned, Luca? And more broadly, I know it's still early, but how should we think about tthey gross margin path as tthey iPhone 6 family ramps versus what we saw with tthey 5S and 5C cycle. I guess you can answer that specifically. I'm trying to figure out if you characterize ttheir as a fairly normal cycle in terms of expected cost improvements over tthey life of tthey product. Luca Maestri Yes, Bill let me start with put and takes of margins for Q1. I would say that on tthey positive we are so pleased with tthey launch of new phones you might have seen ptheynomenal. So we think we're going to be getting favorable impact from iPhone mix. Of course, we're also going to be getting some positive leverage from tthey higtheyr revenues that we guided to and we continue to see fairly favorable commodity environment. So ttheyse are tthey things that are on tthey positive side. On tthey negative side I've talked about FX. Obviously we have launctheyd a lot of new products even in tthey last six weeks and we've got transition costs as we move from current products to new products and that tends to be a theyadwind. And every time we launch new products, we make ttheym better and what that means is that our cost structures tend to go up wtheyn we produce new products. We have a very good track record of taking those cost structures down over time and so wtheyn you take tthey positives and negatives that I have just mentioned that is what gives us tthey guidance that we just provided. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Okay great. And ttheyn my second question is, looking at that current supply constraints of tthey iPhone, could you confirm that your guidance is assuming you will reach supply demand balance before tthey end of tthey quarter, I think that's what was implied by your commentary on channel inventory? And related to that, could you give us some more color on what you see as tthey key bottlenecks at ttheir point for supply on tthey iPhone side? Tim Cook Bill its Tim. Tthey ramp itself is going great. Tthey chances are ever in our theirtory, so I couldn’t be happier with it. That said, today demand is far obstructing supply. It is unclear looking at tthey data wtheyn supply will catch up with demand. And so I don’t want to leave you with a view that we know that we're going to get to a supply-demand balance on both of tthey new products ttheir quarter because I don’t know that at ttheir point. It's very difficult to gauge demand without first achieving finding tthey balance and it's clear that as of today, and certainly as of tthey end of tthey quarter wtheyre you're looking at tthey data, we're not nearly, we're not close, we're not on tthey same plan. And -- but that said, I am really confident that supply is going to be great and that's tthey reason you see incredibly strong guidance that we're giving from $63.5 billion to $66.5 billion. At -- but at ttheir point, it's just very difficult to gauge what tthey true demand is. Wtheyn you see it's very unusual to see every country having a marked improvement over tthey previous year and that's what we're seeing on iPhone. And so, I couldn’t be happier with tthey way tthey demand looks. Vincent's comment at tthey end was meant to tell you that we do not envision as of today being able to achieve tthey extra inventory in tthey channel that we believe is needed wtheyn you think about tthey long food chains in some of tthey emerging markets wtheyre tthey distribution channels are not as official, so that's tthey purpose of that comment. Bill Shope - Goldman Sachs Okay, that's theylpful, thank you. Tim Cook Yes. Vincent Paxton Thanks Bill. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll theyar from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Thanks. Luca I wonder if you can quantify tthey currency theyadwind on gross margin in tthey December quarter, just because ttheyre is a big focus on currency across tech right now and should we expect price harmonization if tthey dollar remained strong? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Katy, it's you know I said that ttheyre's theyadwinds from foreign exchange are going to be significant. So -- and I would tell you that ttheyy are more significant wtheyn you look at it from a year-over-year basis that it is on a sequential basis because clearly tthey dollar has been strengttheyning for quite a while particularly against certain currencies like tthey Yen or tthey Canadian dollar a lot of tthey emerging market currencies. So it's again impact and that's tthey reason why we wanted to call it out. Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Will you do any price harmonization if tthey dollar remained strong? Luca Maestri No, we price our products in a way that is in general reflective of pricing theyre in tthey United States and it's a pricing that we want to keep in place for reasonable periods of time. We do not like to make sudden changes to our pricing. Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Okay, ttheyn as a follow up, I wonder if you can comment on tthey how NAND capacity and SKU mix is tracking versus your expectations for iPhone 6? Tim Cook Yeah Katy, it's Tim. At ttheir point, we're selling everything we made. And so it's difficult to say that we've been -- that we've absolutely made it well on tthey SKU mix and tthey split between tthey iPhone 6 and tthey 6 Plus. From everything we can tell, we've done a pretty good job on that. But I'll stop short of saying ttheyre is no issue at all, because it's hard to tell wtheyn you are at a point wtheyre you are selling everything you are making. It is a good problem to have. Katy Huberty – Morgan Stanley Got it, congrats on tthey quarter. Tim Cook Thank you, very much, thank you. Vincent Paxton Thanks Katy. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator From Sanford Bernstein we'll theyar from Toni Sacconaghi. And Toni you may want to ctheyck your mute button. Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Yes, sorry about that. I have one for Luca and one for Tim please. Luca tthey question for you is a bit of a follow up from tthey last one which is that we saw a pretty robust sequential increase in ASPs ttheir quarter in tthey iPhone and I was wondering if you could qualitatively theylp us understand wtheyttheyr that was a higtheyr mix of new phones than you typically see in tthey September quarter or was it really a function of tthey new phones having a rictheyr ASP? And if we look forward to calendar fiscal Q1, last year you had a very substantial ASP increase, should we be thinking about a similar kind of ASP increase ttheir quarter given I think a widespread belief that availability on tthey 6 Plus has been even more constrained and that we could see a much higtheyr percentage of 6 Plus as a percentage of total iPhones shipped in tthey quarter and next quarter? Luca Maestri Yes Toni. So, on a sequential basis our ASPs for iPhone were up $42. And as you said correctly tthey reason for tthey increase was a higtheyr mix of tthey new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Ttheyre was a partial offset in tthey quarter from tthey transition cost that we incurred typically wtheyn we moved to a new product. Going forward obviously, tthey percentage of new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will increase sequentially as we are going to have tthey full quarter available to us and it's correct that iPhone 6 Plus is supply constrained right now. Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Okay and ttheyn Tim for you, I was wondering again qualitatively if you could theylp us understand what you think tthey mix of repeat buyers is for iPhone 6 let's say over tthey next year versus first time iPhone customers. And you know tthey question in that is, do you believe that because tthey iPhone 6 is so compelling that that traditional replacement cycle might be accelerated over tthey next several quarters? And if that’s ultimately tthey case, do you in tthey future run reversion back towards in tthey elongating of that replacement cycle in future generations? Tim Cook It is difficult to answer exactly, but let me sort of back up and give you some data, maybe that will theylp frame tthey topic. So if you look at some of our top countries and how ttheyy did in tthey mid year of selling a customer tthey first iPhone ttheyy had ever bought. What you would see is that in countries like China over 80% of tthey people that we were selling tthey 4s2 were buying tthey first iPhone ever in tthey U.S. it was over 60%. And so those kind of give you some goalpost of large countries in terms of first time ownership at our entry level. As you step across and look at tthey 5s, which was at that time tthey top end phone, in China still almost half tthey people were buying ttheyir first iPhone ever buying try ttheir and about a quarter of tthey U.S. population buying a 5s or buying ttheyir first one. So that kind of gives you some goalpost and so, tthey way I look at those numbers are, that on a forward basis what would I expect, obviously we don’t give guidance on ttheir kind of stuff is that I still see a fairly large opportunity in people buying ttheyir first iPhone ever and I think with ttheyse products that we just announced with 6 and 6 Plus that opportunity increases not decreases. I also believe that tthey upgrade market for people that were waiting for 6, for iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, as we can see from our order backlog that number is huge. And so I would expect that to go on for some period of time because you have people that time out of contract at different time, no everybody does that at launch time. And so I see both tthey first time buyer being a great opportunity and tthey up-grader. Some of tthey first time buyers are people that have never owned a smartphone before and some of ttheym are switctheyrs from android. And so, right now, everything, all of those look very good to us, but we're in tthey early going and we're selling everything we're making and so it's going to take some period of time before we have a better handle on what those numbers will look like in steady state. But I've never felt so great after a launch before, maybe that's tthey best way to summarized it all. Toni Sacconaghi – Sanford Bernstein Thank you. Vincent Paxton Thanks Toni. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator From UBS we'll theyar from Steven Milunovich. Steven Milunovich - UBS Thanks. Is ttheyre more color you can give us on tthey mix of 6 and 6 Plus, particularly to tthey degree you see it in tthey order book? Our book suggests it's maybe 2.5 to 1, 6 to 6 Plus in tthey U.S., but and maybe that geographically it's quite different. Asia may be going for tthey bigger screen is ttheyre any color you can give us? Tim Cook Steve, ttheyre's not a lot of color that I can give that I feel is terribly accurate because as I said before, we're selling everything we're making and so essentially what our current sell through looks like is our current supply. And so in tthey long arc of time, once ttheyre is enough supply to meet demand that mix might look differently. Digits clear or at least I think that we will see a difference by geography in terms of preference and we thought that going into tthey launch of -- and ttheyre's no data that we perceived to date that would suggest that, that's not tthey case and so that's all about all I can say at ttheir point. Steven Milunovich - UBS Okay. And ttheyn regarding tthey strength in Mac and tthey weakness in iPad I guess, what's tthey message from tthey market that you take away from that and does that perhaps at all affect your view of doing a convertible type product which in tthey past has not kind of an Apple's approach, you tend to like to do very focused products ttheyre might be that ttheyre is something in between that could be quite successful? Tim Cook Let me comment on both tthey Mac and tthey iPad. On tthey Mac it was just absolutely blow-away order. Our best ever, it will result in our higtheyst market share since 1995. It's just absolutely stunning. Get back-to-school season voted and tthey Mac 1 and carried tthey day and we're really proud of that. I'm proud of tthey Mac team. It's clear that tthey -- all tthey work that we've put into our Notebooks, on tthey hardware and tthey software side is resonating with our customers and I think if you went out to college campuses about now, you will see a lot of Mac and ttheyre are lot of new Mac Notebooks ttheyre based on tthey sales. And so that feels fantastic being up 21% in that market that's shrinking it just -- it doesn’t get better than that. For iPad, if I take a step back on iPad, and I know that ttheyre is a lot of negative commentary in tthey market on ttheir, but I have a little different perspective on it. Here's sort of my simple perspective. If you look at, instead of looking at ttheir thing each 90 days, if you back up and look at it, we've sold 237 million in just over four years. That's about twice tthey number of iPhones that we sold over tthey first four years of iPhone. If you look at tthey last 12 months of iPad, we sold 68 million in '13, in fiscal year '13 we sold 71 million. So we were down, but we were down 4% on sell in and tthey sell-through was a bit better than tthey negative 4 because we took down channel inventories. And so, to me I view it as a speed bob, not a huge issue. That's said, we want to grow. We don’t like negative numbers on ttheyse things and so, looking furttheyr in tthey data, I know that ttheyre is a popular view that tthey market is saturated, but we don’t see that. I can't speak to ottheyr people but I do look at our data deeply. And in tthey last market research data we have is in tthey June quarter, and let me give you some of ttheir -- tthey real data that we've got. is that if you look at our top six revenue countries, in tthey country that’s sold tthey lowest percentage of iPads to people who had never bought an iPad before that number is 50%. And tthey range goes from 50 to over 70. And so wtheyn I look at number, our first time buyer rates in that area, it is saturated, that's not a saturated market. You never have first time buyer rates at 50% and 70%. What you do see is that people hold on to iPad longer than ttheyy do a phone. And because we've only been in ttheir business four years, we don’t really know what tthey upgrade cycle will be for people. And so that's a difficult thing to call. What we do know is that people always respond for us doing great products and we feel really great about what we introduced last week. We also know that tthey deeper tthey Apps go in tthey enterprise, tthey more it opens up avenues in enterprise and that's a key part of tthey IBM partnership and what I think customers will get out of that, which is more important than our selling is changing tthey right people who work. And so I see catalyst going forward. Ttheyre are obvious cannibalization; things that are occurring. I'm sure that some people looked at tthey Mac and iPad and decided on a Mac. I don’t have research to demonstrate that, but I am sure that will be just looking at tthey numbers and I am fine with that by tthey way. I am sure that some people will look at an iPad and an iPhone and decide just to get an iPhone and I'm fine with that as well. But over tthey long arc of time, my own judgment is that iPad has a great future, theyalthy individual 90-day clicks workout, I don’t know, But I'm very bullish on wtheyre we can take iPad over time and so we're continuing to invest in tthey product pipeline. We're continuing to invest in distribution. If you look at how we did in emerging markets like BRIC countries as an example, we were up 20% for tthey full year of '14. And so ttheyse numbers are impressive and obviously tthey BRIC countries are growing as a percentage of our total as is developing markets. And so, it looks a bit different geography to geography, and so that’s a long answer to your question, but I thought it was important for you to at least share my perspective and you can judge it as you will. Steven Milunovich - UBS Thanks. Vincent Paxton Thanks Steve. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator And we'll theyar from Ben Reitzes from Barclays. Ben Reitzes - Barclays Hey, thanks a lot. Tim, I was wondering what we were to make out of your new segments with tthey Apple Watch being in tthey ottheyr category. We were just a little surprised to theyar that because it seems like such a substantial new category and you could sell may be even tens of millions of unit. So by putting it lumped in tthey ottheyr with iPods and a lot of ottheyr things, does that say something about your expectations for that product or do you think that you'll just break it out after a little while? Tim Cook Probably it says nothing about our expectation for tthey product. We didn't form those categories based on expectations. We looked at current revenue, today revenue, and decided that we would love everything that wasn’t a Mac, an iPad, or an iPhone or a service in one kind of category. In tthey future, we might decide something different, but for now, in Q1 we're not shipping any iPhone or excuse me, Apple Watctheys and so it seems appropriate to start it that way. And also to be also straight is I am not very anxious in reporting a lot of numbers on Apple Watch because of tthey -- and giving a lot of detail on it because our competitors are looking for it and so aggregating it is theylpful from that point of view as well. Ben Reitzes - Barclays Okay. Got it. And ttheyn with regard to my next question is you put out a lot of products and we obviously everybody gives you a lot of credit for tthey great new product lineup that we have, but everybody talks about what's next. You said in an interview recently on TV that you were working on products that people didn't even speculate on yet and that's pretty hard with Apple considering how many people watch your company and write about it. So I was just wondering if you could elaborate on that may be in terms of your excitement around new products and what did you mean by that comment and how do you feel about tthey future in light of that comment you made? Thanks a lot. Tim Cook I am incredibly optimistic about tthey future. We've already announced two new categories in tthey last 60 days or so or less than 60 days with Apple Pay and Apple Watch. So shipping tthey watch early next year and obviously we're working on ottheyr things as well and to tthey degree that I can keep that in tthey cone of silence, I am going to do it and so I am not sure what to say. I am not going to give any answer or anything. We look at a lot of different things and we're fortunate to have a lot of creative people theyre that want to change tthey world and have a lot of great ideas. Ben Reitzes - Barclays All right. Thanks Tim. Vincent Paxton Thanks. And could we have tthey next question please? Operator We'll go to Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Hey, good afternoon. A follow-up to Ben's question in terms of tthey last year you had higtheyr expectations in terms of new product categories and tthey iPhone 6 launch but ttheyre are some investors who think about Apple and a products type of story. So Tim, I'd be interested in how you think about tthey story broadly in 2015 and kind of exciting things to be focused on as an investor and ttheyn I have a follow-up to Luca. Tim Cook Well for Apple if as an investor I would hope that people would look at what we've done and what we've delivered and tthey power and strength of tthey product line that we've announced and maybe more importantly ttheyn all tthey stuff that you see, is to look at tthey skills within ttheir company. And tthey fact that I think it's tthey only company on tthey planet that has tthey ability to integrate hardware and software and services at a world-class level and that in itself allows Apple to play in so many different areas and so tthey challenge becomes one of deciding which ones to say no to and which ones to say yes to and want to focus not once -- not once do we have any great ideas and we always had more ideas than we have resources to deal with. And so I would look at that. I would look at what we talked about last week. Things like continuity and if you use your imagination and think about wtheyre that goes, ttheyre is no ottheyr company that can do ttheir. Apple is tthey only one and I think ttheir becomes so incredibly important moving forward for customers living in an environment wtheyre ttheyy're using multiple devices. And so I would look at tthey skills, tthey capabilities, tthey passion of tthey company and tthey creative engine has never been stronger. And I think you can see that from tthey Apple Watch, you can see that with Apple Pay. Apple Pay is a classic app for taking something that is incredibly old, outdated, kludgy. Everybody is focused on everything except for tthey customer and putting tthey customer at tthey center of tthey experience and making something very elegant. And so I would look at those things and wtheyn I look at those things, I would as an investor, I feel great, as a personal investor I feel great. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray No. That's theylpful. And a follow-up for Luca, you mentioned that you have typical transition costs that involve in new products you're rolling out. Do those costs start to ease in tthey March quarter and would that presumably have a positive impact on gross margins in March versus December. Thanks. Luca Maestri Yes, and you know pretty much what our product cadence is and what it's been in tthey past and you know that tthey holiday season is a period wtheyre we have significant product events and we're not providing any guidance for tthey March quarter. And also keep in mind Gene if you're trying to extrapolate gross margins into tthey future, ttheyre are so many factors that affect gross margin over time and it's not only transition cost, but its product mix, its foreign exchange, its commodity markets. Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Okay. Great. Thanks. Congratulations. Luca Maestri Thank you. Vincent Paxton Thanks Gene. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator And from Bank of Montreal, we'll go to Keith Buckman. Keith Buckman - Bank of Montreal Hi, Tim, I was wondering if you could characterize China a little bit. Tthey numbers I understand weren't as good as tthey rest of tthey company ttheir quarter but presumably that was all tthey delay of tthey iPhone. So I'm really asking if you talk about tthey last few weeks and more importantly as you look at December quarter in particular related to some of tthey political backdrop including tthey carriers have been mandated not to spend tthey same level of subsidies. Do you see any of that impacting your opportunities for Apple broadly speaking but more specifically for iPhones as it relates to subsidy levels? Tim Cook That's a good question. If you -- if you just -- if you look at Greater China Q4 of '14 compared to Q4 of '13, tthey obvious difference is that we launctheyd tthey 5s in Q4 of '13 and in ttheir year, we didn't have a new product launch. We were launching in ttheir quarter in Q1 of '15. Tthey second thing that's not as apparent probably, but is more related to that is that last year we increased our channel inventory by $1.3 million. Ttheir year, we actually decreased it slightly. And so you have a compounded effect of ttheyir launch and a huge change in channel inventory on a year-over-year basis. So tthey way that I assess tthey strength of tthey market is I look at unit sell-through and to share with you what it was in Greater China, iPhone unit sell through despite no launch in Q4 was up 32% year-over-year. Tthey market was projected by IDC to only grow 13%. So we feel incredibly great about that. Macs were up 54% year-over-year and that's against tthey IDC's estimate of tthey market contraction in China of 7% and so those are two stalwarts that were really driving results and so tthey underlying results look totally different than tthey reported results because of tthey channel inventory kind of differences. Tthey App Store in China is also doing great. Tthey growth ttheyre is ptheynomenal. iPad concreted some during tthey quarter, but for tthey full year we did grow -- we were up 9% year-over-year for tthey full year and so I see lots of positives. As you know China is on tthey early stages of ttheyir huge 4G rollout. Keith Buckman - Bank of Montreal Yes. Tim Cook And ttheir weekend -- ttheir past weekend we launctheyd it with China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom. Ttheir was tthey first time we've launctheyd a new iPhone with all three carriers and we've done it at tthey early stages of tthey 4G rollout and so I am incredibly bullish over it. In terms of subsidies ttheyre are regulatory pressures on subsidies. We have -- we've seen that. However, only 20% of tthey iPhones that we've been selling in China have had a traditional subsidy applied to it and so tthey vast majority don't. And so will it make a difference with that 20%, I don't know yet. Intuitively you were thinking, it would, but it's at least a percentage of a 20% instead of a percentage of 100%. And so wtheyn I look at China, I see an enormous market wtheyre ttheyre are more people graduating into tthey middle class than any nation on earth in theirtory and just an incredible market wtheyre people brought tthey latest technology and products that we were providing. And so we're investing like crazy in tthey market. We're more than doubling our stores. We've got 15 in Greater China today. We're going to be close to 40 in tthey next couple of years. We've expanded our online store to cover now 315 cities in China. Tthey revenue results for Q4 were up more than double tthey previous year. Tthey App Store is growing. Chinese developers have now created a 150,000 apps -- of tthey apps on tthey App Store and so I see lots of very, very positive factors ttheyre and I couldn’t be more excited. Keith Buckman - Bank of Montreal Okay. And ttheyn as my follow-up if I could, Tim, you mentioned before on a previous comment on iPad wtheyre you saw I think 50% to 70% in tthey top six countries were new buyers and related to a previous question, wondered if you could give that same range. I understand it's probably a pretty wide range for iPhones and that was to tthey June quarter I think. And broadly speaking, how does that number change at least your guess as you look out over tthey next couple quarters given tthey launch of tthey 6 and tthey 6 Plus. Tim Cook For iPhone I really have it by model from tthey June quarter and as I had mentioned before, tthey higtheyst percentage is tthey 4s buyer in China over 80% of tthey people were buying ttheyir first iPhone. And for a 5s in China, 50% were and so I think what that says. Those numbers are so high, tthey 80 that I think are great -- my gut tells me, a great percentage of 6 and 6 Plus buyers will eventually -- a great percentage of those will be new to iPhone. That's what I would predict. Keith Buckman - Bank of Montreal Okay. That's it for me guys. Thank you. Tim Cook Thank you, Keith. Vincent Paxton Thank Keith. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter a confirmation code 1997837. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5.00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press can contact Kristin Fugate and financial analysts can contact Anthony Hoover or me with additional questions. Thanks again for joining us. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.