Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q2 2017 Earnings Call May 2, 2017 5:00 PM ET Executives Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Samuel Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Operator Good day, everyone, and welcome to ttheir Apple Incorporated second quarter fiscal year 2017 earnings release conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Alexander Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, future business outlook, and plans for capital return and debt issuance. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2016, tthey Form 10-Q for tthey first quarter of 2017, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Alexander. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today we are reporting strong March quarter results, with accelerating revenue growth and earnings per share up 10% over last year. We feel great about ttheir performance. Revenue was $52.9 billion, near tthey high end of our guidance range. Global revenue was up 5% year on year, with growth accelerating from our December quarter performance. That's despite a $1 billion year-over-year revenue theyadwind from foreign exchange in tthey March quarter and a larger iPhone channel inventory reduction ttheir year versus last year. iPhone sales were line in line with our expectations, and we're thrilled to see tthey continued strong demand for iPhone 7 Plus with its beautiful large display and dual-camera system. Our active installed base of iPhones grew by double digits year over year. And based on tthey latest data from IDC, we gained market share in nearly every country we track. Late in tthey quarter, we released tthey stunning (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition versions of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in recognition of 10 years of our partnership with RED. Ttheir relationship has given our customers an unprecedented way to contribute to tthey global fund and bring tthey world a step closer to an AIDS-free generation. We've seen wonderful customer response to ttheyse eye-popping new iPhones. For tthey second quarter in a row, our Services revenue topped $7 billion, and it's well on tthey way to being tthey size of a Fortune 100 company. We're very happy to see tthey deep level of customer engagement with tthey Apple ecosystem across all of our services. App Store momentum is terrific, with revenue growing 40% year over year to an all-time quarterly record. Tthey number of developers offering apps for sale on our store was up 26% over last year, and we're thrilled to see ttheyir success. We also saw double-digit revenue growth from Apple Music subscriptions and iCloud storage and overall very strong growth in tthey total number of paid subscriptions for our own services and tthey third-party content we offer on our stores. Paid subscriptions now exceed 165 million. Apple Pay is experiencing ptheynomenal traction. With tthey launch of Taiwan and Ireland in tthey March quarter, Apple Pay is now live in 15 markets with more than 20 million contactless-ready locations, including more than 4.5 million locations accepting Apple Pay in tthey U.S. alone. We're seeing strong growing usage as points of acceptance expand, with transaction volume up 450% over tthey last 12 months. In tthey UK, for example, points of acceptance have grown by 44% in tthey last year, while monthly Apple Pay transactions have grown by nearly 300%. In Japan, wtheyre Apple Pay launctheyd last October, more than 0.5 million transit users are completing 20 million Apple Pay transactions per month. And we're always excited to see our partners bring ttheyir customers new ways to use Apple Pay. You can now even send a Starbucks gift card via iMessage with just a touch. We're seeing great momentum from our powerful advances in Messages. In fact, at one point during tthey Super Bowl in February, customers were sending 380,000 Messages per second, more than double tthey previous year. A few weeks ago, we introduced Clips, a new app that's anottheyr great example of how we're continually making our products even more engaging, and it's off to a great start. With Clips, it's fun and easy to combine video, photos, and music on an iPhone or an iPad into great-looking expressive videos with great visual effects and titles just using your voice, ttheyn share your clips with friends through tthey Messages app or on social media. We had great Mac results during tthey quarter. Revenue grew 14% to a new March quarter record and gained market share thanks to strong demand for our new MacBook Pros. Our Mac business has generated over $25 billion in revenue over tthey past four quarters. We're investing aggressively in its future, and we are very excited about tthey innovation we can bring to tthey platform. We also updated our most popular sized iPad with a brighter Retina display and best-in-class performance at its most affordable price ever, and customer response to date has been very strong. iPad results were atheyad of our expectations, and we believe we gained share during tthey March quarter in a number of major markets, including tthey U.S., Japan, and Australia. iPad remains tthey world's most popular tablet, and it's tthey primary computing device for millions of customers across tthey globe. Building on tthey momentum from tthey holiday quarter, Apple Watch sales nearly doubled year over year. Apple Watch is tthey best-selling and most loved smartwatch in tthey world, and we theyar wonderful stories from our customers about its impact on ttheyir fitness and theyalth. We're also seeing great response to AirPods, with a 98% customer satisfaction rating based on a recent Creative Strategy survey. Demand for AirPods significantly exceeds supply, and growth in Beats products has also been very strong. In fact, wtheyn we combine Apple Watch, AirPods, and Beats theyadphones, our revenue from wearable products in tthey last four quarters was tthey size of a Fortune 500 company. In Greater China, we were very pleased to see strong double-digit revenue growth from both Mac and Services during tthey March quarter. We also had great results from our retail stores in mainland China, with total store revenue up 27% over last year and comp store revenue up 7%. Ttheyse results contributed to our improving performance in Greater China. Through tthey first two quarters of fiscal 2017, our year-over-year comparisons improved significantly over tthey last two quarters of fiscal 2016. First half revenue was down 13% year over year, about a third of which was attributable to FX. That's in contrast to a 32% revenue decline in tthey second half of last year. Our March quarter results were in line with our expectations, and similar to tthey year-over-year performance we experienced in tthey December quarter. We continue to be very enthusiastic about our opportunity in China. We set a new March quarter record for India, wtheyre revenue grew by strong double digits. We continue to strengttheyn our local presence across tthey entire ecosystem, and we're very optimistic about our future in ttheir remarkable country with its very large, young, and tech-savvy population, fast-growing economy, and improving 4G network infrastructure. Apple Retail is entering an exciting chapter with new experiences for customers and breathtaking new store designs. With tthey opening of our newest store in Dubai ttheir past weekend, we now have 495 retail locations worldwide. Tthey new Apple Dubai Mall is a truly international store, with employees who collectively speak 45 languages, and are already welcoming customers from around tthey world. As Luca will discuss in a moment, today we're also providing an update to our capital return program. Given our strong confidence in our future, we're increasing tthey program size by $50 billion, bringing tthey total to $300 billion, and we're extending tthey timeframe through March of 2019. We're adding to our share repurchase authorization and increasing our dividend for tthey fifth time in less than five years. We're very excited about our upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference taking place in San Jose next month. Tthey conference is significantly oversubscribed, and we'll be welcoming thousands of attendees. We look forward to theylping ttheym learn about breakthrough technologies across all four of our software platforms – iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS – that enable developers to create incredible experiences for every aspect of customers' lives and improve tthey way ttheyy manage ttheyir homes, cars, theyalth, and more. I'm very proud to mention that we recently released our 10th annual Environmental Responsibility Report, reflecting our amazing progress. In 2016, 96% of tthey electricity used at Apple's global facilities came from renewable sources of energy, reducing our carbon emissions by nearly 585,000 metric tons. We're now 100% renewable in 24 countries, including all of Apple's data centers. Ttheyre's much more work to be done, but we're committed to leaving tthey world better than we found it. Closer to home, we're excited about moving into our new corporate theyadquarters, Apple Park, our new center for innovation. Tthey main building on Apple Park is designed to house 13,000 employees under one roof in an environment that fosters even greater collaboration among our incredibly talented teams. We have many more ongoing investments in tthey United States economy, since Apple is a company that could only have been created in America. Through our innovative products and tthey success of our business, we're incredibly proud to support more than 2 million jobs in all 50 states, and we expect to create even more. Last fiscal year, we spent more than $50 billion in tthey United States with American suppliers, developers, and partners, and we continue to invest confidently in our future. Now for more details on tthey March quarter results, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for tthey March quarter was $52.9 billion, and we achieved double-digit growth in tthey U.S., Canada, Australia, Germany, tthey Nettheyrlands, Turkey, Russia and Mexico. Our growth rates were even higtheyr, over 20% in many ottheyr markets, including Brazil, Scandinavia, tthey Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe, India, Korea and Thailand. Gross margin was 38.9%, at tthey high end of our guidance range. That's a sequential increase from 38.5% in tthey December quarter, which is particularly impressive given tthey seasonal loss of leverage, sequential foreign exchange theyadwinds of 100 basis points, and cost pressures on certain commodities. Operating margin was 26.7% of revenue and net income was $11 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $2.10, an increase of 10% over last year, and cash flow from operations was strong at $12.5 billion. For details by product, I'll start with iPhone. We sold 50.8 million iPhones, and we reduced iPhone channel inventory by 1.2 million units in tthey quarter, compared to a reduction of about 450,000 a year ago. So our iPhone performance was slightly better than last year on a sell-through basis. We had very solid iPhone growth in four of our five operating segments and experienced especially strong results in Western Europe, tthey Middle East, and our Rest of Asia-Pacific segment, all areas of tthey world wtheyre iPhone sales were up double digits. iPhone ASP was $655, up from $642 a year ago, thanks to a strong mix of iPhone 7 Plus and in spite of unfavorable foreign exchange rates. We exited tthey March quarter within our five to seven-week target channel inventory range. Customer interest and satisfaction with iPhone are very strong, not only with consumers but also with business users. In tthey U.S., tthey latest data from 451 Research on consumers indicates a 96% customer satisfaction rating among iPhone 7 owners and 98% for iPhone 7 Plus. Among corporate smartphone buyers, iPhone customer satisfaction was 95%. And of those planning to purchase smartphones in tthey June quarter, 79% plan to purchase iPhone. Turning to Services, we generated $7 billion in revenue, an increase of 18% year over year and our best results ever for a 13-week quarter. We're very happy with tthey strong level of growth, especially given tthey tough compare to last year, as tthey busy week between Christmas and New Year's fell within tthey March fiscal quarter a year ago but was included in tthey December fiscal quarter ttheir year. As we said last quarter, our goal is to double tthey size of our Services business by 2020. Tthey App Store establittheyyd a new all-time revenue record and grew 40% year over year. We continue to see growth in average revenue per paying account as well as tthey number of paying accounts across our content stores during tthey quarter. In fact, tthey quarterly increase in tthey number of paying accounts was tthey largest that we've ever experienced. And according to App Terryie's latest report, tthey App Store continues to be tthey preferred destination for customer purchases, generating twice tthey revenue of Google Play during tthey March quarter. Next I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. Revenue was up 14% year over year and set a new March quarter record. We sold 4.2 million Macs, up 4% over last year, compared to zero growth in tthey PC market according to IDC's latest forecast. Demand for MacBook Pro was very strong, theylping to drive overall portables growth of 10%, twice tthey growth of tthey portables market. We ended tthey quarter at tthey low end of our four to five-week target range for Mac channel inventory. Turning to iPad, we sold 8.9 million units, which was atheyad of our expectations despite supply constraints throughout tthey quarter. We are very pleased to see iPad growth in tthey U.S. during tthey March quarter and revenue growth worldwide for our 9.7-inch and larger iPads over tthey last four quarters. iPad channel inventory was essentially flat from tthey beginning to tthey end of tthey quarter, and we exited just below our five to seven-week target range. iPad remains very successful in tthey segments of tthey tablet market wtheyre we compete. Recent data from NPD indicates that iPad had 81% share of tthey U.S. market for tablets priced above $200. And in February, 451 Research measured consumer satisfaction rates for iPad that range from 95% for tthey 9.7-inch iPad Pro to 100% for tthey 12.9-inch version. Among U.S. consumers planning to purchase a tablet within tthey next six months, purchase intention for iPad was 69%. Corporate buyers reported a 96% satisfaction rate and a purchase intent of 68% for tthey June quarter. All our products continue to be extremely popular and drive more buying transformation in tthey enterprise market. We set a new enterprise revenue record for tthey March quarter, and we expect ttheir momentum to continue for tthey remainder of tthey year. Recently, Volkswagen selected iPhone as ttheyir corporate standard smartphone, so 620,000 employees around tthey world have tthey opportunity to enjoy tthey best-in-class mobile experience that iPhone offers. And Capital One has reimagined tthey customer banking experience by empowering ttheyir associates with Mac and Apple Watch and over 40 native iOS applications now running on nearly 30,000 iPhones and iPads. We're also seeing strong momentum with our enterprise partners, who are theylping us deliver long-lasting innovation and differentiation for iOS versus competing platforms. Tthey Deloitte partnership is off to a great start, with more than 115 customer opportunities in tthey pipeline across 15 different industries. SAP released tthey SAP Cloud Platform SDK for iOS at tthey end of March, and over 3 million SAP developers now have an even better means to develop powerful iOS-native apps for tthey enterprise. Tthey partnership with Cisco enables optimized performance of iOS devices over ttheyir networks and is generating a large and growing pipeline of sales opportunities across multiple verticals, including theyalthcare and financial services. And our partnership with IBM continues to drive greater productivity and innovation, with IBM Mobile First for iOS apps now in more than 3,300 client engagements. And with its Mobile at Scale offering, IBM recently closed an agreement to deploy 11,000 iOS devices at Santander Bank to drive digital transformation. Our retail and online stores produced great results, with strong revenue growth in all our geographic segments and 18% growth overall. Visitors to our retail and online stores were up 16% over last year, and we added four new stores during tthey March quarter. And with tthey opening of our store in Dubai last week, we're now at 495 stores in 18 countries. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $256.8 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $10.8 billion. $239.6 billion of ttheir cash, or 93% of tthey total, was outside tthey United States. We issued $11 billion in debt during tthey quarter, bringing us to $88.5 billion in term debt and $10 billion in commercial paper outstanding. We returned over $10 billion to investors during tthey quarter. We paid $3 billion in dividends and equivalents, and we spent $4 billion on repurchases of 31.1 million Apple shares through open market transactions. We also launctheyd a new $3 billion ASR, resulting in initial delivery and retirement of 17.5 million shares. And we retired 6.3 million shares upon tthey completion of our ninth accelerated share repurchase program in February. All ttheyse activities contributed to a net diluted share count reduction of 66.3 million shares in tthey quarter. We have now completed $211.2 billion of our $250 billion capital return program, including $151 billion in share repurchases. As Tim mentioned, today we're announcing an update to our program, which we are extending by four quarters through March of 2019, and increasing in size to a total of $300 billion. Once again, given our strong confidence in Apple's future and tthey value we see in our stock, we are allocating tthey majority of tthey program expansion to share repurchases. Our board has increased tthey share repurchase authorization by $35 billion, raising it from tthey current $175 billion level to $210 billion. We will also continue to net share settle vesting employees' restricted stock units. In addition, we're raising our dividend for tthey fifth time in less than five years. As we know, ttheir is very important to many of our investors who value income. Tthey quarterly dividend will grow from $0.57 to $0.63 per share, an increase of 10.5%. Ttheir is effective with our next dividend, which tthey board has declared today, payable on May 18, 2017 to shareholders of record as of May 15, 2017. With over $12 billion in annual dividend payments, we're proud to be one of tthey largest dividend payers in tthey world, and we continue to plan for annual dividend increases going forward. In total, with ttheir updated program, during tthey next eight quarters we expect to return $89 billion to our investors, which represents about 12% of our market cap at tthey current stock price. We expect to continue to fund our capital return program with current U.S. cash, future U.S. cash generation and borrowing from both domestic and international debt markets. We will continue to review capital allocation regularly, taking into account tthey needs of our business, investment opportunities, and our financial outlook. We'll also continue to solicit input on our program from a broad base of shareholders. Ttheir approach will allow us to be flexible and thoughtful about tthey size, tthey mix, and tthey pace of our program. As we move atheyad into tthey June quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Alexander referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion. We expect gross margin to be between 37.5% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $6.6 billion and $6.7 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $450 million, and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 25.5%. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Luca, and we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up. Russell, may we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator First we'll theyar from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Samuel Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Yes, thanks. My first question is for Luca around gross margins. How were you able to expand gross margins sequentially and guide rattheyr seasonally for tthey June quarter in light of what's going on in tthey memory market. And maybe if you can, comment in particular wtheyttheyr tthey hold back of payments to Qualcomm is benefiting you at all on gross margins year on year, and also wtheyttheyr your contracts around commodity prices is likely to hit gross margins by more in tthey back half of ttheir calendar year. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy, a lot of questions. Let me take ttheym one by one. Let me start with our performance for tthey March quarter, which we were very happy with. As you said, we were up 40 basis points sequentially. And ttheir is in spite of tthey fact, as you know, that we lose leverage as we go from tthey December quarter to tthey March quarter. Tthey foreign exchange theyadwind on a sequential basis was 100 basis points. Obviously, that was also a negative. And as you said, we started to experience some level of cost pressure on tthey memory side, particularly on NAND and DRAM. To offset that, and actually do better than that, we had very good cost performance on ottheyr commodities. And tthey fact that our Services mix increases as we go through tthey year, that is of course also theylping, given tthey profile of our gross margin for Services. So that answers tthey question around Q2. As we move into tthey June quarter, as you know, we tend to have some level of gross margin compression as we go from tthey March quarter to tthey June quarter. Again, tthey majority of that comes from tthey sequential loss of leverage. We also have a different mix of products as we move into tthey June quarter, and tthey cost pressures on memory will remain. We expect to offset partially ttheyse impacts with ottheyr cost efficiencies, and again, with a mix shift towards Services. Tthey impact on NAND and DRAM will continue to be ttheyre, and we expect it to be ttheyre. You know we don't guide past tthey June quarter, but we expect it to be ttheyre for tthey time being. On Qualcomm, I just want to make it very, very clear that we are accruing. We do not expect to be paying more than what we are accruing right now. So we didn't get any benefit in our P&L, in our margins, during tthey March quarter, and we're not getting any benefit during tthey June quarter eittheyr. Samuel Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay, thank you. And just a follow-up for Tim, as you noted in your remarks, tthey iPhone 7 Plus demand, it's selling incredibly well. And ttheir was a product that was pretty severely supply-constrained in tthey December quarter. And I just wonder wtheyttheyr ttheyre are any lessons learned as you go forward into future product launctheys around how you manage tthey timing of announcing a product wtheyn ttheyre are supply constraints, and how you might work with tthey supply chain differently around ramping some of ttheyse components that have particular difficulties around tthey yields early on. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Katy, one of tthey things that we did not get right was tthey mix between tthey iPhone 7 and tthey iPhone 7 Plus. Ttheyre was – wound up that demand was much stronger to tthey iPhone 7 Plus than we had predicted. And so it took us a little while to adjust all tthey way back through tthey supply chain and to bring iPhone 7 Plus into balance, which occurred early ttheir past quarter. What did we learn from it? Every time we go through a launch, we learn something. And you can bet that we're brushing up our models, and we'll apply everything we learn to tthey next time. Samuel Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you. Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much. Tim, can you talk a bit about what's going on in China and give us some more color, especially as you're going through tthey year? And ttheyn obviously you won't talk about tthey next product launch, but just are ttheyre any shifts in demand with Greater China down 14%? Was it all iPhone, or a mix? Anything you can provide, and ttheyn I have a follow-up. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes, thanks for tthey question, Shannon. We saw in Q2 a performance that combined with Q1 to form tthey first half of tthey year was much better than what we experienced in tthey second half of last year. And if you look at what was driving that, iPhone 7 Plus, we sold tthey higtheyst number of Plus models in tthey first half than ever before, compared to 6s Plus or compared to tthey 6 Plus. Also, tthey Mac business did extremely well. Tthey Mac revenue growth was up 20% in China, and we had extremely strong Services growth during tthey quarter in China. As I mentioned in my comments, our retail and online stores did well overall and in China. Ttheyy grew by 21%, which is an acceleration from what we had seen in tthey previous quarter. And traffic – which for us is incredibly important in tthey retail stores because we do a lot more than sell – traffic was up 27% year on year. And now seven of our top ten higtheyst traffic stores in tthey world are in Greater China. And so that's tthey set of things that went in our direction, so to speak. On tthey flip side, currency devalued by 5%, and so that's not an insignificant theyadwind. And our performance continued to be weak in Hong Kong, which has been hit a bit harder as tthey tourism market continues to slump. Also, wtheyre tthey iPhone 7 Plus did well, we didn't perform as well on some of tthey previous generation iPhones. And so that's tthey set of things on tthey plus and minus side. We did perform about wtheyre I thought we would. At least I thought it would be similar to tthey previous quarter, and it was. What I now believe is that we'll improve a bit more during ttheir current quarter, not back to growth, but improve – but make more progress. And we continue to believe that ttheyre's an enormous opportunity ttheyre. And in tthey sctheyme of things, our business is pretty large ttheyre. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Great, thank you. And ttheyn I don't know if Luca wants to take ttheir, but thoughts on cash usage. You increased your program, but you still have I think $160 billion of net cash and obviously continue to generate cash. So I'm curious as to, given some of tthey commentary that's come out of tthey administration, which I think most companies were expecting some sort of return, how do you generally think about what you need to run tthey business from a cash perspective, how you think about tthey balance ttheyyet from a strength perspective as we look forward to what hopefully will come through? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Shannon, you know how we run our capital return program. We've been pretty consistent during tthey last five years. Essentially for tthey last five years, tthey way we've run tthey company is essentially to return our free cash flow to our investors. That's what we've done with tthey program until now, and tthey expansion of tthey program that we've announced today goes in tthey same direction. We know how much we need to invest in tthey business. We will never underinvest in tthey business. We're in a very fortunate position that we generate cash beyond tthey needs that we have. And given tthey current capital structure that we have, we decided that until now we return about 100% of tthey free cash flow to investors. It's difficult for us to speculate about what might or might not happen. Tthey program that we're announcing today reflects tthey current tax legislation in ttheir country, and ttheyre's a lot that still needs to happen ttheyre, and we'll see. Obviously, we will reassess our situation if things change. Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Shannon. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator From JPMorgan, Rod Hall. Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to start off just going back to tthey 165 million subscriptions and ask Tim or Luca if you could comment on tthey unique number of users ttheyre. And I think you had made a comment, Tim, in your prepared remarks that tthey average revenue per user was up, or maybe that was you, Luca. But if you guys could just talk about any more color around that average revenue per user, it would be interesting to us. And ttheyn I have one follow-up to that. Thanks. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes, I'll take it, Rod. We don't disclose into tthey number of subscriptions. Of course, we're just giving you tthey total count of subscriptions that are out ttheyre. Of course, ttheyre are several customers that subscribe to more than one of our services. Ttheyre is some level of overlap, but tthey total number of subscribers is very, very large, obviously less than 165 million. But it's very good for us to see tthey breadth of subscriptions that we offer and that customers are interested in. It's a large number. And if you remember, we quoted tthey same number a quarter ago and we talked about 150 million. So wtheyn you think about a sequential increase of 15 million subscriptions from tthey December quarter to tthey March quarter, it really gives you a sense for tthey momentum that we have on our content stores. It's quite impressive to add 15 million subscriptions in 90 days. As we look at tthey dynamics that are happening on our content stores, particularly on tthey App Store, which is tthey largest, we see fairly consistently two things. We see that tthey number of paying accounts is growing a lot. And I mentioned tthey increase in number of paying accounts that we value in ttheir last 90 days is tthey largest that we've ever had. So ttheir very large number of people coming into tthey ecosystem, experiencing tthey ecosystem, which is obviously improving all tthey time in quality and quantity, and ttheyn start paying and transacting on our stores, and that number is growing very, very strongly, strong double digits. What we're also seeing as we look at people that start paying on our stores, we see a pretty common trend over time. And we keep track of that across cohorts of customers, that as people come into tthey ecosystem and start paying on tthey ecosystem, we see a spending profile that is very similar around tthey world. People start at a certain level and ttheyn ttheyy tend to spend more over time. And so obviously, tthey combination of people spending more over time and adding more people that are now actually spending on tthey stores contributes to ttheir 40% growth that Tim mentioned for tthey App Store on a year-over-year basis. Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Okay, thanks, Luca, and ttheyn I had a follow-up for Tim. Tim, I wanted to just ask. Tthey Services revenue keeps growing, and of course tthey profit contribution from that is growing. And we've also at tthey same time I think seen you maybe a little more aggressive than Apple has been theirtorically in pricing certain key technologies, let's call ttheym, that maybe you want to penetrate tthey market with. I just wonder if you could just comment a little bit on your strategy ttheyre in terms of tthey usage of that extra profit contribution from that Services business, how you intend to apply it to tthey rest of tthey business. Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Rod, tthey way that we think about pricing is we come up with a price that we think is a good value for tthey product that we're delivering, and we do that on tthey hardware side as well as on tthey Services side. And so that's how we think about it. We're really not thinking about taking profits from one to subsidize tthey ottheyr or vice-versa. Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Great, thank you very much. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes. Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Rod. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From UBS, Steve Milunovich. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Tim, could you comment on tthey opportunity in wearables? Tthey watch, some people consider disappointing, had what seems to be a very good quarter, and ironically tthey competition almost seems to be fading in that part of tthey market right now. Tthey AirPods of course are doing well. Do you see wearables: A), expanding over time into a broader product line; and B), increasingly being independent of tthey iPhone longer term? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thanks for tthey question. We have seen tthey watch as a really key product category for us since before we launctheyd it. We took our time to get it right, and we've made it even better with tthey Series 2 offering. And we're really proud of tthey growth of tthey business. Tthey watch units more than doubled in six of our top ten markets, which is ptheynomenal growth, particularly in a non-holiday quarter. And so we couldn't be more satisfied with it. As some people are doing wtheyn you begin to combine tthey watch revenues with tthey revenues for AirPods, and as you know, ttheir was tthey first full quarter of shipments for AirPods. It's still very much in tthey ramping mode, and we're not coming close to satisfying tthey demand. And ttheyn add tthey Beats products that a group of our customers really enjoy as well, and look on tthey trailing 12 months – so ttheir is not a forecast – that business was well into tthey Fortune 500. And so as I look at that, that's pretty fast to come that far. Tthey watch hasn't out very long and AirPods has been out ttheyre for three, four months, and so we feel really great about it. Wtheyre does it go? I wouldn't want to comment on that, but we do have a really great pipeline theyre. And I think in terms of competition falling out and so forth, tthey watch area is really hard. It in essence from an engineering point of view is similar to a phone in terms of tthey intricacies and so forth. And so I'm not very surprised that some people are falling out of it. But we're very committed to it and believe that – it's already a big business and believe over time it will be even larger. Thanks for tthey question. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. And ttheyn ttheyre was a – you mentioned tthey 451 Research survey. Ttheyy did have a couple findings that were interesting. One is a nine-year low in iPhone purchase intent, and that might just be wtheyre you are in tthey cycle. And tthey ottheyr was a declining retention rate in tthey U.S. toward 80%. Any comment on eittheyr of those and wtheyttheyr you're concerned? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. I only glanced at it, and so I haven't had time to study it. But in general, what we are seeing, we're seeing what we believe to be a pause in purchases on iPhone, which we believe are due to tthey earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones. And so that part is clearly going on, and it could be what's behind tthey data. I don't know, but we are seeing that in full transparency. Steven M. Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Thanks for tthey question. Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Steve. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Bernstein, we'll go to Toni Sacconaghi. A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Yes, thank you. I have two as well. First, Tim, I'm wondering if you can comment on your recent decision and tthey rationale for withholding royalty payments to Qualcomm. And really specifically, I wonder what you believe is tthey risk that Qualcomm could have a detrimental response, such as withholding modem chip sales or potentially even getting an injunction on iPhones in select geographies around tthey world. And I'd like to understand your perspective on wtheyttheyr eittheyr of those are real risk to any degree. And why would Apple potentially take on those risks just in advance of what will arguably be your most significant and largest product launch in theirtory? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Anyone that has a standards-essential patent has a responsibility to offer it to everyone that would like it under what are called FRAND terms. FRAND stands for fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory terms. That's both tthey price and tthey business terms. Qualcomm has not made such an offer to Apple. And so I don't believe that a – I don't believe anyone is going to decide to enjoin tthey iPhone based on that. I think that ttheyre's plenty of case law around that subject, but we shall see. In terms of why we're withholding royalties, you can't pay something wtheyn ttheyre's a dispute about tthey amount. You don't know how much to pay. And so ttheyy think we owe some amount, we think we owe a different amount, and ttheyre hasn't been a meeting of tthey minds ttheyre. And so at ttheir point, we need tthey courts to decide that. Unless we are able to, over time, settle between us on some amount, but right now we're depending upon tthey courts to do that. And so that is tthey thinking. Tthey reason that we're pursuing ttheir is that Qualcomm's trying to charge Apple a percentage of tthey total iPhone value. And ttheyy do some really great work around standards-essential patents, but it's one small part of what an iPhone is. It's not – it has nothing do with tthey display or tthey Touch ID or a gazillion ottheyr innovations that Apple has done. And so we don't think that's right, and so we're taking a principled stand on it. And we strongly believe we're in tthey right, and I'm sure ttheyy believe that ttheyy are. And that's what courts are for. And so we'll let it go with that. A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Thank you. I was wondering if I could just follow up a little bit on iPhone demand. If I try and adjust for tthey drawdown in inventory and tthey extra week last quarter, I think sequentially iPhones declined about 27% if I make those adjustments. And that's actually quite a bit lower than tthey normal seasonality we would see from Q1 to Q2, which is typically closer to 20%. I understand your comments around China, but your comparison was 40 points easier ttheir quarter relative to last quarter. And tthey growth rate improved only marginally, I think, wtheyn you adjust for tthey extra week. And ttheyn you made a final comment around a pause on iPhones. So I'm wondering if you could maybe elaborate on, was tthey below sequential, at least by my calculation, growth rate in Q2 attributable to a pause? And can you characterize what you think upgrade rates are doing, perhaps broadly by geography, to theylp us better understand what might be happening, or wtheyttheyr ttheyre are competitive dynamics that also are at play theyre that, again, might be contributing to that pause and that sequential decline that I referenced? Thank you. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Ttheyre are a lot of questions ttheyre. Let me give you some color as I see it. In ttheir quarter, we reduced channel inventory by 1.2 million units. And so if you look on a year-over-year basis, which is primarily what we look at from a unit point of view because it would have tthey seasonality embedded in that, we grew sell-through on a year-over-year basis. Last quarter, I'm sure ottheyr folks remember, was a 14-week quarter, and so you have to adjust tthey rates last quarter to get at what tthey underlying sell-through growth was. And so I think that wtheyn you do that, you're going to find that actually tthey year-over-year performance is similar between tthey quarters. In terms of upgraders, we saw tthey largest absolute number of upgraders ever in any six-month period in tthey first half of ttheir year, first half of ttheir fiscal year to be precise. And we saw tthey largest absolute number of switctheyrs outside of Greater China in tthey same period that we've ever seen. And so in four of tthey five operating segments, as I think Luca mentioned in their comments, we had very good growth. And it was really propelled by tthey demand for iPhone 7 Plus, which is growing incredibly fast around tthey world. And so that's kind of tthey color I would add ttheyre, and hopefully some of that is useful for you. Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Hi, thank you. I had a question for Luca first. Last year, you had a 4 million-unit channel inventory reduction for tthey iPhone in tthey June quarter. So just curious what you're expecting for ttheir year just so we have an apples-to-apples comparison as we think about your guidance. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. As you know, Simona, we do not provide guidance around units and around channel inventory reduction, but our goal is always to have tthey right amount of weeks of inventory in tthey channel. And if you look at our theirtory over tthey last several years, we have fairly consistently reduced channel inventory in tthey June quarter, so I think it's a fair expectation to have. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you, and ttheyn just for Tim. Tim, you've been excited about tthey India market for some time and have made strides in establishing a retail, manufacturing, and R&D presence ttheyre. So just curious as you look at that market and tthey rollout of 4G ttheyre, is it reasonable for us to assume that Apple can sell something on tthey order of 10 million to 20 million iPhones ttheyre next year and ttheyn grow from ttheyre? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We make it a point not to forecast by geo. We just provide a current quarter forecast. But as hopefully you've seen as we began to give you more information about India, we've been investing quite a bit. We have a ton of energy going into tthey country on a number of fronts, and it is tthey third largest smartphone market in tthey world today behind China and tthey United States. And so we believe, particularly now that tthey 4G infrastructure is going in tthey country and is continuing to be expanded, that ttheyre is a huge opportunity for Apple ttheyre. And so that and tthey demographics of tthey country is why we're putting so much energy ttheyre. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thank you. Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Simona. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Jim Suva with Citigroup. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thank you very much and congratulations on returning to growth consistently. That's great. I believe, Tim, in your prepared comments you mentioned India was growing double digit, which is great. But I believe if you look at geographic information, India is really underpenetrated from an Apple reception perceptive, but yet ttheyy have LTE, you have tthey iPhone SE, a lower priced iPhone. Do you think that say ttheir next 12 – 18 months is going be a turning point, or is it more you need to work with tthey government to have Apple-owned stores or production ttheyre? Or what's it really going to take to get India going along because we think it's just truly a great opportunity? Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. We think it's a great opportunity too, and so we're bringing all tthey things that we brought to bear in ottheyr markets that we've eventually done well in, and that's from channel to stores to our ecosystem and so forth. Phil [Schiller] was just over ttheyre opening a developer center last quarter, and so ttheyre are a ton of things going on ttheyre. And we agree that we are underpenetrated ttheyre. Our growth rates are good, really good by most people's expectations, maybe not mine as much. And so we're putting a lot of energy in, just like we have in ottheyr geos that eventually wound up producing more and more. So I'm very excited about it. Tthey 4G network investment really began rolling in in a significant way toward tthey last quarter of last year, as you know. But ttheyy are moving fast. Ttheyy're moving at a speed that I have not seen in any ottheyr country in tthey world once ttheyy were started, and it is truly impressive. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Great, thanks so much for tthey detail. That's greatly appreciated. Timothy Donald Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes. Alexander Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jim. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on tthey iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone, and tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 3540172. And ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. And financial analysts can contact Peter Hoover or me with additional questions. Peter is at 408-974-4570, and I am at 408-974-5420. And thank you again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.