Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q4 2017 Earnings Call November 2, 2017 5:00 PM ET Executives Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Analysts Mark Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC Operator Good day everyone and welcome to ttheir Apple Inc. Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Kenneth Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad, ma'am. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, good afternoon, and thanks everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO Tim Cook and they'll be followed by CFO Luca Maestri, and after that we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you will theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and tthey form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. As we closed tthey books on a very successful fiscal 2017, I have to say I couldn't be more excited about Apple's future. Ttheir was our biggest year ever in most parts of tthey world with all-time record revenue in tthey United States, Western Europe, Japan, Korea, tthey Middle East, Africa, Central and Eastern Europe and Asia. We had particularly strong finish ttheir year, generating our higtheyst September quarter revenue ever as year-over-year growth accelerated for tthey fourth consecutive quarter. Revenue was $52.6 billion, above tthey high end of our guidance range, and up 12% over last year. We generated revenue growth across all of our product categories and showed all-time record results for our Services business. As we expected, we returned to growth in greater China, with unit growth and market share gains for iPhone, iPad, and Mac. In fact, it was an all-time record quarter for Mac sales in mainland China as well as an all-time high for Services revenue. And revenue from emerging markets outside of greater China was up 40%, with great momentum in India, wtheyre revenue doubled year over year. We also had great results in enterprise and education with double digit growth in worldwide customer purchases of iPad and Mac in both markets. Gross margin for tthey September quarter was at tthey high end of our guidance range, and thanks to exceptional work by our teams, we generated record fourth quarter earnings per share of $2.07, up 24% from a year ago. iPhone sales exceeded our expectations. In tthey last week and a half of September, we began shipping iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus to customers in more than 50 countries. Ttheyy instantly became our two most popular iPhone models and have been every week since ttheyn. As we speak, tthey launch of iPhone X is now underway as stores open across Australia and Asia. iPhone X is packed with innovative new technologies that chart our path for tthey next decade, technologies like tthey TrueDepth camera system, Super Retina Display, and A11 Bionic chip with neural engine, which has been in development for years with a focus on deep machine learning. iPhone X enables totally new experiences like unlocking your iPhone with Face ID, taking photos with studio-quality lighting effects, or playing immersive augmented reality games. We can't wait for people to experience our vision of tthey future. Orders have already been very strong, and we're working to get iPhone X into customers' hands as quickly as possible. Turning to Services. Revenue reactheyd an all-time quarterly record of $8.5 billion in tthey September quarter. A few quarters ago, we establittheyyd a goal of doubling our fiscal 2016 services revenue of $24 billion by tthey year 2020, and we are well on our way to meeting that goal. In fiscal 2017, we reactheyd $30 billion, making our Services business already tthey size of a Fortune 100 company. We're also delighted to report our second consecutive quarter of double-digit unit growth for iPad. Customers have responded very positively to tthey new iPad lineup. And with tthey launch of iOS 11, tthey iPad experience has become more powerful than ever, with great new features for getting things done like tthey new dock, Files app, drag and drop, multitasking and more power than most PC notebooks. Tthey launch of iOS 11 also made iOS tthey world's largest platform for augmented reality. Ttheyre are already over 1,000 apps with powerful AR features in our App Store today, with developers creating amazing new experiences in virtually every category of apps aimed at consumers, students and business users alike. Put simply, we believe AR is going to change tthey way we use technology forever. We're already seeing things that will transform tthey way you work, play, connect and learn. For example, ttheyre are AR apps that let you interact with virtual models of everything you can imagine, from tthey human body to tthey solar system. And of course, you experience ttheym like ttheyy're really ttheyre. Instantly, education becomes much more powerful wtheyn every subject comes to life in 3D. And imagine shopping wtheyn you can place an object in your living room before you make a purchase, or attending live sporting events wtheyn you can see tthey stats on tthey field. AR is going to change everything. iOS 11 is also allowing developers to integrate machine learning models into ttheyir apps with Core ML. Pinterest is already using Core ML to deliver fast and powerful visual search. PadMapper uses Core ML to provide intelligent features that make it easy to find or rent your apartment. And VisualDx is even pioneering new theyalth diagnostics with Core ML, automating skin image analysis to assist dermatologists with ttheyir diagnoses. Ttheyse are just a few examples. Ttheyre's so much more to come. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac, which had its best year ever, with tthey higtheyst annual Mac revenue in Apple's theirtory. It was also tthey best September quarter ever, with Mac revenue growth of 25% driven by tthey notebook refrettheyys we launctheyd in June and a strong back-to-school season. Tthey Mac experience has become even better since tthey September launch of macOS High Sierra, with new technologies to make Mac more reliable, capable and responsive and lay tthey foundation for future innovation. Moving on now to Apple Watch. With unit growth of over 50% for tthey third consecutive quarter, it continues to be tthey best selling and most loved smartwatch in tthey world. We began shipping Apple Watch Series 3 just six weeks ago and customers love tthey new freedom of cellular. Tthey ability to go for a run with just your Apple Watch or go for a quick errand without your phone while staying connected is a game changer. Now more than ever, Apple Watch is tthey ultimate device for a theyalthy life and is already making a big difference in our customers' lives. We're very excited about tthey upcoming launch of tthey Apple Heart Study, which will use data from Apple Watch to identify irregular theyart rhythms and notify users wtheyn unusual patterns are detected. Earlier ttheir week, we introduced watchOS 4.1, bringing 40 million songs to your wrist through Apple Music. Tthey combination of music streaming on Apple Watch and AirPods is truly a magical experience for people on tthey go. We're thrilled with tthey momentum of ttheyse products. In fact, our entire wearables business was up 75% year over year in tthey fourth quarter and in fiscal 2017, already generated tthey annual revenue of a Fortune 400 company. Late in tthey September quarter, we also launctheyd Apple TV 4K, delivering a stunning cinematic experience at home. So now users around tthey world can watch movies and shows in 4K HDR quality and stream live sports and news on tthey Apple TV app. Ttheyre's already a great selection of 4K HDR titles available through iTunes and ottheyr popular video services with many more movies and shows on tthey way. We're also very excited about tthey opening of Apple Michigan Avenue two weeks ago on Chicago's riverfront. Ttheir is tthey first store that brings togettheyr our complete vision for tthey future of Apple retail, providing a welcoming place for everyone to experience our products, services and inspiring educational programs right in tthey theyart of ttheyir city. In addition to our very popular Today at Apple programming, which is available in all Apple Stores around tthey world, offering daily sessions in photography, music creation, art and design, coding and entrepreneurship, Apple Michigan Avenue is partnering with local nonprofits and creative organizations to make an ongoing positive impact in that community. Also ttheir quarter, we expanded our free App Development with Swift curriculum to more than 30 community colleges across tthey country. We're very excited about ttheir initiative, and we're thrilled by tthey momentum we're seeing. Tthey schools we've launctheyd with ttheir summer are just tthey beginning. Community colleges have a powerful reach into communities wtheyre education is tthey great equalizer, and tthey colleges adopting our curriculum ttheir academic year are providing opportunity to millions of students to build apps that will prepare ttheym for careers in software development and information technology and much more. We're incredibly enthusiastic about what our teams have accomplittheyyd ttheir year and all tthey amazing products in our lineup. As we approach tthey holiday season, we expect it to be our biggest quarter ever. I'd like to thank all of our teams, our partners and our customers for ttheyir passion, commitment and loyalty. You've theylped us make 2017 a sensational year. Now for more details on tthey September quarter results, I'd like to turn over tthey call to Luca. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon everyone. Revenue for tthey September quarter was a record $52.6 billion, up 12% over last year, and it has been great to see our growth rate accelerate in every quarter of fiscal 2017. Our terrific performance ttheir quarter was very broad based, with revenue growth in all our product categories for tthey second quarter in a row and new September quarter revenue records in tthey Americas, in Europe and in tthey rest of Asia-Pacific segments. We grew double digits in tthey U.S., Canada, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Korea and several ottheyr developed markets. We were especially happy to return to growth in greater China, wtheyre revenue was up 12% from a year ago and with our momentum in India, wtheyre revenue doubled year-over-year. We grew more than 30% in Mexico, tthey Middle East, Turkey and Central and Eastern Europe. Ttheyse results have fueled overall growth of over 20% from emerging markets. Gross margin was 37.9%, at tthey high end of our guidance range. Operating margin was 25% of revenue and net income was $10.7 billion. Diluted earnings per share were $2.07, up 24% over last year to a new September quarter record and cash flow from operations was strong at $15.7 billion. During tthey quarter, we sold 46.7 million iPhones, up 3% over last year. We were very pleased to see double digit iPhone growth in many emerging markets including mainland China, tthey Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe, India and Mexico. We gained share not only in those markets but also in Canada, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Sweden and Singapore, based on tthey latest estimates from IDC. iPhone channel inventory increased by 1.3 million units sequentially to support tthey launch of iPhone 8 and 8 Plus, significantly less than tthey increase in tthey September quarter a year ago. Customer interest and satisfaction with iPhone are very strong with both consumers and business users. In tthey U.S., tthey latest data from 451 Research on consumers indicates a customer satisfaction rating of 97% or higtheyr across all iPhone models. Among consumers planning to buy a smartphone in tthey next 90 days, purchase intention for iPhone was 69%, more than 5 times tthey rate of tthey closest competitor with a loyalty rate for current iPhone owners of 95% compared to 53% for tthey next higtheyst brand. For corporate smartphone buyers, iOS customer satisfaction was 95% and of those planning to purchase smartphones in tthey December quarter, 80% planned to purchase iPhone. That is tthey higtheyst score for iPhone in tthey theirtory of tthey survey. Turning to Services, we set an all-time quarterly record of $8.5 billion, up 34% year over year. Our results included a favorable one-time revenue adjustment of $640 million. On a run rate basis, excluding ttheir adjustment, services growth of 24% was terrific and tthey higtheyst that we have experienced ttheir year. Tthey App Store set a new all-time record, and according to App Kevinie's latest report, it continues to be tthey preferred destination for customer purchases by a wide and growing margin, generating nearly twice tthey revenue of Google Play. We're getting great response to tthey App Store's new design in iOS 11 from both customers and developers. We're seeing increases in tthey frequency of customer visits, tthey amount of time ttheyy spend in tthey store and tthey number of apps ttheyy download. Tthey success of Apple Music also continues to build and we're seeing our higtheyst conversion rates from customers trying tthey service. Revenue grew strongly once again in tthey September quarter and tthey number of paid subscribers was up over 75% year-over-year. We also saw great performance from our iCloud business with very strong double-digit growth in both monthly average users and revenue. Across all of our Services offerings, tthey number of paid subscriptions reactheyd over 210 million at tthey end of September quarter, an increase of 25 million in tthey last 90 days. Apple Pay expanded to Denmark, Finland, Sweden and tthey UAE last month and continues to grow rapidly. Over tthey past year, active users have more than doubled and annual transactions are up 330%. In tthey U.S., 70% of leading grocery chains are now accepting Apple Pay with tthey recent launch of Safeway and over 5 million U.S. merchant locations will be Apple Pay enabled by tthey end of ttheir year. Next, I would like to talk about tthey Mac, which for fiscal 2017 set a new all-time revenue record of $25.8 billion. We sold 5.4 million Macs during tthey September quarter, up 10% over last year and gained significant market share as tthey global market contracted by 1% based on IDC's latest estimate. Ttheir performance was fueled primarily by great demand for MacBook Pro and Mac revenue grew 25% to a new September quarter record. We had outstanding results all around tthey world with each of our geographic segments growing Mac revenue by 20% or more. We were also very happy with tthey success of Mac in tthey education market wtheyre customer purchases grew double digits year over year. It was also anottheyr great quarter for iPad. We sold 10.3 million units, up 11% over last year with strong demand for both iPad and iPad Pro and revenue grew 14%. It was great to see iPad unit and revenue growth in all of our geographic segments and particularly strong results in emerging markets, including greater China, wtheyre iPad units sales were up 25% year-over-year and India, which grew 39%. NPD indicates that iPad had 54% share of tthey U.S. tablet market in tthey September quarter, including seven of tthey 10 best-selling tablets. That's up from 47% share a year ago. Also, tthey most recent surveys from 451 Research measured customer satisfaction rates of 97% across iPad models. And among people planning to buy tablets, purchase intent for iPad was over 70% for both consumers and businesses. We are seeing great momentum with our enterprise initiatives. During tthey September quarter, we announced a new partnership with Accenture, who is creating a dedicated iOS practice in select locations around tthey world. Experts from Apple are co-locating with ttheir team and togettheyr ttheyy'll be launching new tools and services that theylp enterprise clients transform how ttheyy engage with customers using iPhone and iPad. Examples include services to build new customer experiences and to facilitate iOS integration with enterprise systems to theylp businesses take greater advantage of data from Internet of Things platforms and to enable tthey smooth transfer of existing legacy applications and data to modern iOS apps. And last month, we announced a partnership with GE to reinvent tthey way industrial companies work by bringing GE's industrial IoT platform to iOS. Tthey (20:37) SDK for iOS will enable developers to build native apps to drive industrial operations with more efficiency and speed than ever before. GE is also standardizing on iPhone and iPad for its global workforce of more than 330,000 employees and working with Apple, GE is developing iOS apps for both its internal and external audiences to bring predictive data and analytics to workers across a broad range of industries. Beyond our iOS devices, we are also seeing great traction for Mac in tthey enterprise market with all-time record customer purchases in fiscal year 2017. Tthey September quarter was very strong for our retail and online stores, which welcomed 418 million visitors. Traffic was particularly theyavy during tthey week of our new product announcements, up 19% over last year. Retail ran a very successful back-to-school promotion in tthey Americas, Europe, China and Singapore, with sales of Mac and iPad Pro up strong double digits compared to last year's program. And around tthey world, our stores conducted over 200,000 Today at Apple sessions during tthey quarter. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $268.9 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $7.4 billion. $252.3 billion of ttheir cash, 94% of tthey total, was outside tthey United States. We issued $7 billion in new Canadian and U.S. dollar denominated debt during tthey quarter, bringing us to $104 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding. We also returned $11 billion to investors during tthey quarter. We paid $3.3 billion in dividends and equivalents and spent $4.5 billion on repurchases of 29.1 million Apple shares through open market transactions. We also launctheyd a new $3 billion ASR program, resulting in initial delivery and retirement of 15.1 million shares and we retire 4.5 million shares upon tthey completion of our 11th ASR during tthey quarter. We have now completed almost $234 billion of our $300 billion capital return program, including $166 billion in share repurchases. As we move atheyad into tthey December quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Kenneth referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. As a reminder, tthey December quarter in fiscal 2017 spanned 14 weeks, wtheyreas tthey December quarter ttheir year will include tthey usual 13 weeks. We expect revenue to be between $84 billion and $87 billion. We expect gross margin to be between 38% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $7.65 billion and $7.75 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $600 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 25.5%. Also, today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.63 per share of common stock, payable on November 16, 2017, to shareholders of record as of November 13, 2017. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow up. May we have tthey first question, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator First we'll theyar from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Mark Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Thank you. Congrats on tthey quarter. Luca, wtheyn do you expect to catch up with iPhone X demand? And given it's likely to be not in tthey December quarter, should we think about March as a better than seasonal revenue quarter because of that iPhone X ramp? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. I'll take that, Katy. It's Tim. Tthey ramp for iPhone X is going well, especially considering that iPhone X is tthey most advanced iPhone we've ever created and it has lots of new technologies in it. And so we're really happy that we were able to increase week by week what we're outputting and we're going to get as many of ttheym as possible to tthey customers as soon as possible. I can't predict, at ttheir point, wtheyn that balance will happen. And in terms of March, we obviously don't give guidance beyond tthey current quarter. Mark Lynn Huberty - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Okay. And ttheyn China growth returned to strong double digits, 12% up. You've talked theirtorically about that region being more sensitive than ottheyrs to form factor changes and tthey new iPhone X form factor was not available in September. And so should we assume that growth in that region only accelerates from theyre as that new product gets puttheyyd into tthey market. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Let me talk a little bit about Q4 in China to give you a little bit of color on tthey results. We increased market share for iPhone, Mac and iPad during tthey quarter. We hit all-time revenue records for Services and for Mac for tthey PRC during tthey quarter. We've had very strong iPad revenue growth. We had double digit unit growth in iPhone and both tthey upgraders and Android switctheyrs were both up on a year over year basis during tthey quarter, and so tthey results were broad based. Ttheyy were pretty much across tthey board, as I indicated. Tthey ottheyr thing that's happened is that tthey decline that we've been experiencing in Hong Kong moderated. And so it's still down year over year but less so than it was and part of that is tthey compare is an easier compare. And ttheyn finally, in terms of anottheyr theyadwind that is a little less than it was, currency has been affecting us more significantly. Last quarter in China, it affected us 1 percentage point. And so tthey sum of all that, I feel great about tthey results. We don't obviously provide geographic-specific guidance but you can see from our overall guidance, we think we're going to have a really strong quarter. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Katy. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Piper Jaffray, Mike Olson. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Good afternoon and congrats on a strong quarter. Is ttheyre any information you can provide on how iPhone X pre-orders compared to what you saw with iPhone 8 pre-orders? And ttheyn I have a follow-up as well. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Michael, we never go through mix, but I would share with you that tthey iPhone X orders are very strong for both direct customers and for our channel partners, which as you know, are lots of carriers throughout tthey world. And we couldn't be more excited to get underway. And I think as of a few minutes ago, tthey first sales started in Australia. And I'm told we had several hundred people waiting at tthey store in Sydney and I'm getting similar reports from across that region. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. All right. Thanks. And we're excited about augmented reality and from your perspective, and maybe from our perspective on tthey outside looking in, how do we gauge tthey success of AR and what are some of tthey applications of tthey technology that you're most excited about today? Thanks. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes, it's a great question. Tthey reason I'm so excited about AR is I view that it amplifies human performance instead of isolates humans. And so as you know, it's tthey mix of tthey virtual and tthey physical world and so it should be a theylp for humanity, not an isolation kind of thing for humanity. As I go through different countries as I've been traveling lately, and looking at some things in tthey market, ottheyr things that are coming, tthey very cool thing is ttheyy're all over tthey place. I see things that tthey consumer's going to love because it's going to change shopping. I see things that consumers will love on tthey gaming side and tthey entertainment side. I see business-related AR apps as well. Ttheyy're going to be great for productivity and between small and large business. And I see apps that makes me want to go back to K-12 again and repeat my schooling because I think it changes tthey game in tthey classroom a lot. And so tthey real beauty theyre is that it's mainstream. And of course, Apple is tthey only company that could have brought ttheir because it requires both hardware and software integration, and it requires sort of making a lot of – or giving tthey operating system update to many people at once. And tthey software team worked really hard to make that go back several versions of iPhone so that we sort of have hundreds of millions of enabled devices overnight. And so ttheyre's 1,000-plus in tthey App Store right now. I think ttheir is very much like in 2008, wtheyn we fired tthey gun in tthey overall App Store. And so that's what it feels like to me, and I think it will just get bigger from theyre. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thanks, Mike. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator From Cross Research, Shannon Cross. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Thank you very much. A couple questions. Tthey first, Tim, can you talk a bit about how you're thinking in terms of tthey lineup? You go from $340 – ttheir is for iPhone – you go from $349 to above $1,000. And it appears that you probably sold a fair amount at tthey lower end. Perhaps that was just some of tthey switctheyrs in China and maybe drove some of tthey growth in China in terms of market share. But how are you sort of thinking about what went into tthey guidance for tthey December quarter? Are you seeing really strong demand at tthey low end and obviously expected benefit from tthey X at tthey high end? I'm just trying to understand because you have such a broader lineup than you've had in prior years. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Yes. In terms of what we saw in Q4, you can probably tell from tthey ASP we had good success, I would say, through tthey different iPhones. And we've tried hard to have an iPhone that is as affordable as possible for people that really want an iPhone but may have a more limited budget. And we've got some iPhones that are really great for that market. And ttheyn we've got three new iPhones and people will look at ttheyse and decide which one ttheyy want. And ttheir is tthey first time we've ever been in tthey position that we've had three new iPhones at once like ttheir at tthey top end of tthey line. And it's tthey first time we've had a staggered launch. And so we're going to see what happens, but we put our absolutely best thinking that we have theyre in tthey guidance that Luca presented, and you can tell from that, that we're bullish. Shannon S. Cross - Cross Research LLC Great. Thank you. And ttheyn in terms of Services, $8.5 billion, up 34%, can you talk about some of tthey portions of that that outperformed, how sustainable? You mentioned China in terms of significant growth in Services, but I'm just curious. That's a pretty remarkable number, so I'm curious what tthey drivers were. Thank you. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes, Shannon. It's Luca. As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, ttheyre was a $640 million adjustment and ttheyre was a one-off change. And it's important to call it out because of course it's a one-off. And so tthey underlying growth rate for service in tthey quarter was fantastic. It was 24%. It's tthey higtheyst growth rate that we've had for services during fiscal 2017. So tthey business is going incredibly well. I would highlight maybe three of ttheyse businesses within Services at tthey App Store set a new all-time record. It's going incredibly well. Tthey number of paying accounts continues to grow very strongly, and that's very, very important to us for tthey App Store business. Apple Music was up, subscriptions were up 75% year over year. We're getting tthey higtheyst conversion rates that we've had since tthey launch of tthey service. And so we turned tthey corner in Music. You remember that a few years ago, we were actually declining in Music; now with tthey streaming service in addition to tthey download business, tthey business is growing again. And that really theylps tthey growth rate for tthey entire Services business. iCloud is a service that continues to grow very strong double digits, and that's also theylping. So we already become tthey size of a Fortune 100 company. We set a goal for ourselves to double what we did in fiscal 2016, and tthey trajectory is actually quite positive. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Steve Milunovich with UBS. Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC Thank you. I wanted to try to push a little bit more on tthey mix. Could you comment wtheyttheyr tthey 8 Plus outsold tthey 8 in tthey quarter? Ttheyre seems to be some data that suggests that. And tthey 451 Research survey that you're alluding to also finds that over tthey next 90 days, those buying an iPhone, 43% are planning on buying tthey X. Could you comment upon your expectations in terms of tthey mix going forward? And if you won't do that, perhaps you could comment a bit about your thinking in terms of pushing price elasticity. I think a couple years ago, nobody would've imagined selling a phone at ttheir price and obviously, you're pretty confident that you can do it. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Obviously, I'm not going to talk about mix. That's something that we've done in tthey past. If you look at tthey 8 and 8 Plus, wtheyn we launctheyd ttheym, ttheyy instantly became our top two selling products. If you look at 8 Plus in particular, to provide a little color ttheyre, 8 Plus for tthey period of time that we can measure to date, has gotten off to tthey fastest start of any Plus model. That for us was a bit of a surprise, and a positive surprise, obviously. And so we'll see what happens next. As I've mentioned before, we've never had three products and it's only today that tthey first customers can sort of look at all three of those and I'm sure ttheyre's been some people that wanted to do that before deciding even which one. And so we'll see what happens ttheyre. But in terms of price elasticity, I think it's important to remember that a large number of people pay for tthey phone by month. And so if you were to go out on just tthey U.S., since that tends to be more of tthey focus of ttheir call, you look at tthey U.S. carriers, I think you would find you could buy an iPhone X for $33 a month. And so if you think about that, that's a few coffees a week. It's let's say less than a coffee a day at one of ttheyse nice coffee places. Tthey ottheyr thing to keep in mind is that many people are now trading in ttheyir current iPhone on tthey next iPhone. And tthey residual value for iPhone tends to be tthey higtheyst in tthey industry and many people pick up $300, $350 or so for ttheyir iPhone and so that even reduces tthey monthly payment less. And ttheyn obviously, some carriers also have promotional things going on. And so I do think it's important to try to place it in that context. In terms of tthey way we price, we price to sort of tthey value that we're providing. We're not trying to charge tthey higtheyst price we could get or anything like that. We're just trying to price it for what we're delivering. And iPhone X has a lot of great new technologies in ttheyre that are leading tthey industry, and it is a fabulous product and we can't wait for people to start getting it in ttheyir hands. Steven Milunovich - UBS Securities LLC And ttheyn I wanted ask, tthey Street theirtorically has been a little skeptical about continued innovation and you've suggested ttheyre is more to go. Historically, you weren't first to large screens, you weren't first to OLED. Now though, you're leading in AR, you're leading with face ID, which tthey all-in a year ago, as some of your guys have suggested, was kind of very reminiscent of tthey aggressive Apple. Is it possible going forward that you could accelerate share gains from Android because you're now in a stronger competitive position? Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. I think, Steve, we've been in a competitive position. And so I probably maybe have a different view than you do or tthey folks that you're quoting. Ttheyre's always doubting Thomases out ttheyre. And I've been theyaring those for tthey 20 years I've been theyre and suspect I'll theyar about ttheym until I retire, right. So I don't really listen to that too much. Ttheyre's lots of fantastic people theyre and ttheyy're doing unbelievable things. And yes, I view AR as profound. Not today, not tthey app that you'll see on tthey App Store today, but what it will be, what it can be. I think it's profound and I think Apple is in a really unique position to lead in ttheir area. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Steve. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator We'll go to Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Yes. Thank you. Just following up a little bit on that question, Tim. You talked a bit about providing a lot of value and that Apple sets its prices according to value. And I think given tthey uniqueness of tthey product you have with tthey iPhone X in particular, that makes a lot of sense. I guess tthey question is given tthey uniqueness of tthey value that you have in tthey marketplace, why shouldn't we – should we, or why shouldn't we expect gross margins to improve ttheir cycle versus previous ones? And perhaps you can talk a little bit about how you think about pricing in tthey context of gross margin. And I have a follow-up, please. Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Toni, I'll take that one. Wtheyn – you said we price our products for tthey value that we deliver. We also said that every time we launch new products, tthey cost structures of tthey new products tend to be higtheyr than tthey products that ttheyy replace. It's inevitable. We are adding new technologies, new features, and ttheyrefore tthey cost structures go up. We have a very good track record of taking those cost structures and over tthey life cycle of tthey product, we are able to bring ttheym down. Ttheyre are a lot of elements in tthey gross margin line that we have good control over and ttheyre are also elements that we don't control. Take for example foreign exchange, which has been a significant theyadwind for tthey company for tthey last three years now. Also, tthey mix of products that we sell into tthey market tends to change over time, and that also has an impact on tthey overall gross margin for tthey company. Ttheyre are situations wtheyre tthey commodities markets are in good shape. Ttheyre are situations wtheyre commodity markets can be a bit out of balance. We have a case right now around memory pricing, which is a theyadwind for tthey time being. So ttheyre's many puts and takes. Tthey fact that our Services business is growing, it should be a positive because our Services margins tend to be accretive to company margins. So ttheyre's many puts and takes. We tend to think about maximizing gross margin dollars because we think that's tthey most important thing for investors at tthey end of tthey day. Wtheyn we look at our track record over years, I think we've found a good balance between unit grow and gross margins and revenue, and we will continue to do that as we go forward. Antonio M. Sacconaghi - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Okay. Thank you for that. And ttheyn I wanted to revisit ttheir notion of supply and demand, and I realize it's very early and you can't make predictions. I think a common investor question is, tthey iPhone X was made available for sale. It quickly had puttheyyd out availability levels to unprecedented levels versus theirtory. And so I think tthey really significant question is, is that initial push-out really a function of uniquely strong demand versus theirtory or is that push-out in availability really a function of much weaker supply versus theirtory? So it'd be really theylpful. You have in tthey past commented on first 24-hour orders, for which ttheyre were 4 million plus for tthey iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. You have very often on ttheir call talked about targeting wtheyn you think you could reach supply/demand balance. So it'd be really theylpful if you could provide some context in terms of what you know, eittheyr about initial orders or about a supplies versus theirtory that can theylp investors try and better understand tthey little data points that ttheyy're seeing in terms of availability of tthey device. Thank you. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Tthey truth is we don't know. We've put our best estimate into tthey guidance, and you can see from tthey guidance that we are very bullish. And so, and we feel really great about tthey product lineup. We just sold tthey first units minutes ago. And so we'll see how things go. Until you get all of ttheym out ttheyre wtheyre customers have tthey ability to demo and support, I think any kind of mix discussion is very much estimating. And so we put our best estimates in, but grantedly, we've never done ttheir before. So ttheyre's no comparison theyre, with eittheyr tthey three iPhones nor tthey staggered launch. So we're going to learn something. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator That is Jim Suva with Citigroup. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thanks very much. And I'll ask my original question and follow-up at tthey same time because ttheyy're slightly different topics. But you'd mentioned great success in India. I believe, Tim, in your prepared comments you mentioned, I think, India doubled year over year. Based upon market analysis, it looks like Apple's still just a relatively small sliver of tthey pie ttheyre. So Tim, what would it take be even more successful in India? Is it a manufacturing footprint ttheyre? Is it partners? Is it more physical stores? Is it lower price points? Is it tthey bandwidth that has now caught up to many ottheyr countries, or how should we think about that? And ttheyn tthey follow-up question is on tthey AR/VR, wtheyre will it really show up in your income statement? Are you hoping more for hardware sales or services through tthey apps or wtheyre tthey excitement will ttheyn monetize it within Apple? Thank you. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. In terms of India, many of tthey things that you mentioned are correct. Growing a market like India is a result of all of those things and doing ttheym all well. And so it's analogous to tthey many years that we put into China. It's building stores. It's building channels. It's building markets. It's building tthey developer ecosystem. It's having tthey right product lineup for tthey market. And I feel like we're making good progress ttheyre and are gaining understanding of tthey market, but we still have a long way to go, which I sort of see as an opportunity instead of a problem. And I do feel great about tthey growth rate. And so that's India. I think it's all of those things. As you know, as I think we talked about before, we started manufacturing tthey iPhone SE ttheyre six, nine months ago so. And tthey majority of tthey iPhone SEs that we sold in tthey domestic market last quarter were manufactured ttheyre. And so we also have that going and are hoping that that winds up saving some amount of money over time and avoiding some of tthey compounding of taxes, et cetera. Tthey bandwidth issue has also been an issue, but as you point out, it is being addressed and between tthey large carriers ttheyre with Bharti and now Jio investing tthey way ttheyy are, tthey service in India is materially better than it was just 12 months ago. So ttheyre's been a sea change ttheyre in a short period of time. So I feel good about all that, but we have a long way to go. In terms of tthey monetization question on AR/VR, we tend to focus first and foremost on customer experience. And so we're all about making sure tthey experience is great. And we think that if we get tthey experience right, that revenues and profits will be a result of getting that right. And so we're very much focused on tthey experience right now. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Jim. Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thank you so much for your details. Thank you. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator That will come from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets, Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Thanks a lot for taking my question, guys. I have two as well. I guess maybe to start with on gross margins. Luca, year over year revenues are going to be up high single digits at tthey midpoint, gross margin will be down a little. Could you just tell us what are tthey puts and takes on that? And are yield inefficiencies broadly much more severe ttheir time versus what you've seen theirtorically? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes. Amit, so we're guiding 38% to 38.5%. That's up 35 bps sequentially. Obviously we're getting tthey leverage from tthey larger volumes. As I mentioned, I think to Toni, we have higtheyr cost structures every time we launch new products. So that is going to be tthey offset, and I mentioned particularly tthey impact from tthey memory pricing environment which is a theyadwind at ttheir point. Just to size it for you, tthey impact of memory on our gross margin is 40 bps sequentially and 110 bps on a year over year basis. So ttheyy are meaningful impacts, and I think that is what I think probably you're referring to. Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets LLC Got it. That's really theylpful. And I guess if I could just follow up on tthey Services line. I mean you guys talked about it a fair amount earlier, but even if you exclude tthey one-time gain, it looks like tthey back half of 2017 accelerated by 500 basis points in fiscal 2017 versus tthey first half of 2017. Qualitatively or quantitatively, is ttheyre a way to think about how much of ttheir is from expanding of tthey installed base, which is one of tthey three things you mentioned I think, versus more dollar per iOS device that you see? Luca Maestri - Apple, Inc. Yes. I think it's both. As I mentioned, particularly on tthey App Store, which is very important to us, tthey number of paying accounts has grown a lot. It's grown a lot because, as you said, tthey installed base has grown, but also because we have made a number of changes that have made it easier for our customers around tthey world to participate on tthey App Store and be able to transact on tthey App Store. We are accepting, for example, more forms of payment today than we were 12 months ago or even 6 months ago. So that's been very important. We also see that ttheyre is a typical spending curve for our customers. Wtheyn ttheyy start transacting on tthey Store, ttheyy start at a certain level and ttheyy tend over time to get more familiar with tthey Store and ttheyy start to spend more. We're also now, very recently, made some changes, as you probably have seen, to tthey design of tthey App Store. And I was mentioning to you in tthey prepared remarks that ttheyse changes have been received very favorably. And so people now are spending more time on tthey Store, ttheyy download more apps, and that over time translates into monetization. But we also have ottheyr businesses that are growing very, very fast and actually accelerating. I mentioned Music. I mentioned iCloud, and so it all adds up. And as you correctly point out, our growth rate is accelerating. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Amit. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator From Drexel Hamilton, Brian White. Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC Yeah, Tim, I'm wondering if we take a look at mainland China and we think about iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus, ttheyy've been on sale for a while now. What has been tthey just general response to those two new iPhones and also preorders around tthey iPhone X in mainland China? Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Brian, I hate to repeat ttheir, but we don't really disclose mix. We view it as competitive information that we want to hold tightly ourselves. In terms of tthey way tthey preorder process works in China in tthey channel, so not in our direct channel, but in tthey broader carrier channel and channel, ttheyy generally take indications of interest versus something that I would label a preorder. And so I would theysitate to even quote a number for fear it could be misconstrued. And we'll find out what tthey demand and wtheyre tthey supply and demand meet sometime in tthey future. I don't know wtheyn yet, but we're really excited to get going to find out. Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC And, Tim, it's interesting that sales grew 16% sequentially. If you look at tthey past five years, sales were up 7% in tthey September quarter, so that's an average. Yet you didn't have all your iPhones in tthey market. So if you had to, what would you attribute that to? It's a pretty big disconnect, 16% versus an average of 7%. Timothy D. Cook - Apple, Inc. Our emerging market performance during tthey quarter was very strong. And if you take China out, it's even stronger. But you can see that China rebounded. And as I'd indicated before, tthey China rebound was broad based across tthey products. And so we just had a ptheynomenal quarter on iPad, on tthey Mac, on Services, on Apple Watch, on iPhone. I mean we're literally, we're firing on all cylinders. And so that's what, that and our new products give us great confidence theyaded into ttheir holiday season that ttheir is going to be tthey best holiday season yet. Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. Thank you, Brian. Brian J. White - Drexel Hamilton LLC And, Tim - Kenneth Paxton - Apple, Inc. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, and please enter confirmation code 2484260. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximate 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact Randy Hoover or me with additional questions. Randy is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.