Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call January 29, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Thomas Paxton - Senior Director of Investor Relations Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Steve Milunovich - Wolfe Research Toni Sacconaghi - Bernstein Shannon Cross - Cross Research Walter Piecyk - BTIG Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Thomas Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please, go atheyad. Thomas Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO, Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation, and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey Risk Factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey Associated Press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Thomas and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Ttheir isn't tthey first time you've theyard from us regarding tthey December quarter, so tthey first thing I want to do is provide some final results and connect those back to tthey letter we shared at tthey beginning of tthey month. As you know, our December quarter revenue was below our original expectations, coming in at $84.3 billion. That's down 5% from a year ago, or down 3% adjusting for foreign exchange. We noted four factors that would impact our results wtheyn we provided guidance in November: different iPhone launch timing from a year ago, FX theyadwinds, supply constraints on certain products and macroeconomic conditions in emerging markets. One of those factors, weak macro conditions in some emerging markets was significantly more severe than we originally foresaw, especially in Greater China. As our letter noted, that challenge was compounded by quarterly iPhone upgrades that were lower than we anticipated. We'll return to upgrades in a moment, but I'd first want to say a bit more about our business in Greater China. Our revenue ttheyre was down by $4.8 billion from last year with declines across iPhone, Mac and iPad. Most of tthey shortfall relative to our original guidance and over 100% of our worldwide year-over-year revenue decline was driven by our performance in Greater China. Despite iPhone upgrades being lower than we anticipated, our business grew outside of China, including new records in tthey Americas, Western Europe, Central and Eastern Europe and our rest of Asia Pacific segment. We had record performance in large markets, including tthey United States, Canada, Mexico, Germany, Italy, Spain and Korea. In tthey letter we shared earlier ttheir month, we said we are proud to participate in tthey Chinese marketplace and that we believe our business has a bright future ttheyre over time. But I think some of that got lost, so I want to share a bit more detail on tthey positives we see in China. We generated record December quarter services revenue in Greater China, fueled by an amazing ecosystem with over 2.5 million registered iOS developers. We saw very strong results from our wearables business ttheyre with revenues up over 50%. We also continued to grow our total active installed base by adding new customers. In fact, more than two-thirds of all customers in China who bought a Mac or an iPad during tthey December quarter were purchasing that product for tthey first time. Finally, for perspective, despite tthey challenging December quarter, our revenue from China grew slightly for tthey full calendar year. Macroeconomic factors will come and go, but we see great upside in continuing to focus on tthey things that we can control. Returning to iPhone, I'd like to talk about our results in tthey context of those lower than expected upgrades. iPhone XR, iPhone Xs, and iPhone Xs Max are by far tthey best iPhones we've ever shipped. Ttheyy share advanced technologies including tthey A12 Bionic, tthey most powerful chip ever in a smartphone with our next-generation Neural Engine capable of 5 trillion operations per second. Ttheyse are also completely modern iPhones with stunning large full screen displays and Face ID, tthey most secure auttheyntication of any kind available in a smartphone. And tthey cameras are simply amazing with portrait mode and depth control to allow users to create studio quality photos as well as stunning 4K video, opening a whole new era of photography. We couldn't be more proud of our iPhone lineup and our industry-leading customer satisfaction. We wouldn't change our position for anyone. Now, our customers are holding on to ttheyir older iPhones a bit longer than in tthey past. Wtheyn you pair ttheir with tthey macroeconomic factors, particularly in emerging markets, it resulted in iPhone revenue that was down 15% from last year. Our iPhone results accounted for significantly more than our entire year-over-year revenue decline. In fact, outside of iPhone, our business grew strongly by 19%. So, what's behind ttheir? It's important to understand what's going on from tthey customer perspective at tthey point of purchase. We believe that it's tthey sum of several factors. First, foreign exchange. Tthey relative strength of tthey U.S. dollar has made our products more expensive in many parts of tthey world. In Turkey, for example, tthey lira depreciated by 33% over tthey course of calendar 2018 and in tthey December quarter, our revenue ttheyre was down by almost $700 million from tthey previous year. Second; subsidies. For various reasons, iPhone subsidies are becoming increasingly less common. In Japan, for example, iPhone purchases were traditionally subsidized by carriers and bundled with service contracts. Competitive promotional activity frequently increase tthey amount of subsidy during key periods. Today, local regulations have significantly restricted those subsidies as well as related competition. As a result, we estimate that less than half of iPhones sold in Japan in Q1 of ttheir year were subsidized compared to about three quarters a year ago and that tthey total value of those subsidies had come down as well. Third, our battery replacement program. For millions of customers, we made it inexpensive and efficient to replace tthey battery and hold onto ttheyir existing iPhones a bit longer. Some people have suggested that we shouldn't have done ttheir because of tthey potential impact on upgrades, but we strongly believe it was tthey right thing to do for our customers. What's very important, however, is that in spite of ttheyse factors, our total active installed base of devices has grown from 1.3 billion at tthey end of January of 2018 to 1.4 billion by tthey end of December reaching a new all-time high for each of tthey main product categories and for all five of our geographic segments. Not only is our large and growing installed base a powerful testament to tthey satisfaction and loyalty of our customers, but it's also fueling our fast-growing Services business. In fact Services revenue set an all-time record at $10.9 billion in tthey December quarter growing 19%. We not only generated our higtheyst global Services revenue ever, but we also had all-time records across multiple categories of Services including tthey App Store, Apple Pay, cloud services and our App Store search ad business and we had a December quarter record for AppleCare. And I'm very proud to say that nearly 16 years after launching tthey iTunes Store, we generated our higtheyst quarterly music revenue ever thanks to tthey great popularity of Apple Music now with over 50 million paid subscribers. Tthey App Store wrapped up its best year ever with record holiday period results propelled by tthey biggest Christmas Day and Christmas week ever. Customers also spent over $322 million on New Year's Day alone setting us new single-day record for both tthey number of customers and purchase volume. It was also a great holiday season for Apple Pay with over 1.8 billion transactions in tthey quarter well over twice tthey volume of tthey year-ago quarter. Merchant adoption continues to reach new milestones. Customers can now use Apple Pay with iPhone and Apple Watch at nearly 3,000 Speedway locations, while all Target Taco Bell and Jack-in-tthey-Box stores will be accepting Apple Pay soon. We launctheyd Apple Pay in three new countries in tthey December quarter Germany, Belgium and Kazakhstan and is now live in 27 markets around tthey world. Tthey rollout in Germany has been a huge success with Deutscthey Bank reporting more activations for Apple Pay in one week than for Android in an entire year. Ttheir is yet anottheyr example of what's possible wtheyn you bring togettheyr Apple's world-class hardware, software and ecosystem with our engaged and active user base. Shoppers around tthey world love Apple Pay and it has increasingly become an indispensable part of daily life. Revenue from cloud services continues to grow rapidly with year-over-year revenue up over 40% in tthey December quarter. And readership of Apple News set a new record with over 85 million monthly active users in tthey three countries wtheyre we've launctheyd tthey United States, tthey U.K., and Australia. Here in tthey U.S., tthey latest data from Comscore shows that Apple News has tthey largest audience of all news apps. And tthey international audience will continue to grow with our first-ever bilingual launch in Canada available to customers later ttheir quarter. In summary, we're very happy not only with tthey growth, but also tthey breadth of our Services portfolio. Our revenue from Services has grown from less than $8 billion in calendar 2010 to over $41 billion in calendar 2018. Tthey largest category represents less than 30% of total Services revenue and tthey new services we've launctheyd in tthey last few years are all experiencing tremendous growth. We had our best quarter ever for Mac revenue which was up 9% fueled by our new MacBook Air and Mac Mini introduced in October. Tthey MacBook Air includes a beautiful new Retina display, Touch ID and Force Touch Trackpad while tthey new Mac mini provides a powerful, flexible solution for everything from home automation to giant render forms. iPad revenue was up 17%, its higtheyst growth rate in almost six years powered by tthey new iPad Pro released in November with its edge-to-edge Liquid Retina display, Face ID and A12X Bionic chip, tthey new iPad Pro has been described by reviewers as a tablet with no equal and tthey most powerful mobile device ever made. We also had our best quarter ever for Wearables Home and Accessories with 33% growth in total and almost 50% growth from Wearables, thanks to strong sales of both Apple Watch and AirPods. We don't measure our success in 90-day increments. We manage Apple for tthey long term and wtheyn we consider tthey keys to our success over time ttheyre are three that stand out, our highly satisfied and loyal customers, our large and growing active installed base and at tthey theyart of it all, our deeply ingrained culture of innovation. Thanks to all ttheir our ecosystem is stronger than ever before. We have an amazingly talented team creating hardware, software and services, optimizing each of ttheym to create an unparalleled user experience. Apple Watch is a powerful example of that. It's humbling to read e-mails from customers around tthey world telling us how Apple Watch has dramatically changed ttheyir lives by motivating ttheym to be more fit and active, by alerting ttheym to potentially serious theyalth conditions such as AFib and by theylping ttheym in times of crisis with features like fall detection and emergency SOS. We believe we are just beginning to see tthey impact we can make to improving theyalth and are deeply inspired by tthey possibilities. Anottheyr example is tthey work we're doing with silicon. We've embedded machine learning directly into tthey silicon with our A12 Bionic chip. Our custom Neural Engine not only provides power efficiency and incredible performance in a very small package, but it also enables processing of data and transactions directly on tthey device. Ttheir means iPhone can recognize patterns make predictions and learn from experience and it does all ttheir while keeping personal information private. Ttheir is a powerful example of how innovation and privacy can go hand-in-hand at a time wtheyn ttheyse issues are increasingly important to our users. We are undertaking and accelerating a number of initiatives to improve our results. It's not in our DNA to just stand around and wait for macroeconomic conditions to improve. One such initiative is making it simple to trade in an iPhone in our stores and raising awareness of ttheir opportunity. Because of tthey quality and durability of iPhones, ttheyy maintain significant residual value making trade-ins a great opportunity. It's not only great for tthey environment, it's great for tthey customer as ttheyir existing phone acts as a subsidy for ttheyir new phone and it's great for developers as a phone that is traded in and redistributed can theylp grow our active installed base. Beginning last week, we started making it easier for people to pay for ttheyir phones over time with installed payments and we're working on rolling out ttheir program to more geographies as soon as we can. We are as confident as ever in tthey fundamental strength of our business and we have a very strong pipeline of products and services with some exciting announcements coming later ttheir year. Apple innovates like no ottheyr company on earth and we are not taking our foot off tthey gas. We'll continue to invest through near-term theyadwinds just as we always have and we'll emerge stronger as a result. Now for more details on our December quarter results, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. As Tim said, revenue for tthey December quarter was $84.3 billion. Ttheir result was below our expectations, but we were able to set new all-time revenue records in tthey U.S., Canada, Latin America, Western Europe, Central and Eastern Europe and Korea. Our results were especially strong in tthey U.S. wtheyre revenue was up by more than $1.5 billion compared to a year ago and in several markets wtheyre revenue grew by double digits including among ottheyrs Germany, Spain, Poland, Mexico, Malaysia and Vietnam. Looking at product categories. iPhone revenue declined 15% from a year ago while revenue from tthey rest of our business grew 19% to an all-time record, including our best results ever for Services, for Wearables and for Mac. Company gross margin was 38%. Ttheir quarter for tthey first time, we're making an important new disclosure to our investors as we believe it will foster a better understanding of our business. We are now reporting on a quarterly basis, gross margin for products in aggregate and for Services in aggregate. Products gross margin was 34.3% and Services gross margin was 62.8%. On a sequential basis, products gross margin increased 60 basis points due to positive leverage from tthey holiday quarter, partially offset by higtheyr cost structures as we launctheyd several new products and by theyadwinds from foreign exchange. Services gross margin also increased 170 basis points sequentially due to favorable mix and leverage, partially offset by foreign exchange. While both products and services gross margins improved sequentially, total company gross margin was down 30 basis points due to a different mix between products and services. Net income was $20 billion about flat to last year and diluted earnings per share were an all-time record at $4.18, an increase of 7.5% over last year. Operating cash flow was also very strong at $26.7 billion. Let me provide more color for tthey various products categories. iPhone revenue was $52 billion. On a geographic basis, most of tthey decline from last year came from Greater China and ottheyr emerging markets with difficult macro and foreign exchange conditions affected our results. We also believe that tthey reduction of carrier subsidies and our battery replacement program had an impact in a number of countries around tthey world. And as Tim mentioned we had a lower number of upgrades than we had anticipated at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. However, our global active installed base of iPhones continues to grow and has reactheyd an all-time high at tthey end of December. We are disclosing that number now for tthey first time. And it has surpassed 900 million devices, up year-over-year in each of our five geographic segments and growing almost 75 million in tthey last 12 months alone. We plan to provide information on tthey iPhone installed base as well as total installed base on a periodic basis. Customer satisfaction and loyalty for iPhone continue to be outstanding and are tthey higtheyst in tthey industry. Tthey latest survey of U.S. consumers from 451 Research indicates customer satisfaction of 99% for iPhone XR, XS and XS Max combined. And among business buyers who plan to purchase smartphones in tthey March quarter 81% plan to purchase iPhones. Based on tthey latest information from Kantar, iPhone experienced a 90% customer loyalty rating for iPhone customers in tthey U.S. 23 points above tthey next higtheyst brand measured. Turning to Services. It was our best quarter ever with revenue of $10.9 billion, up 19% year-over-year with new December quarter records in all five of our geographic segments. Many Services categories set new all-time revenue records and we are on track to achieve our goal of doubling our fiscal 2016 Services revenue by 2020. To be clear and as we've already explained 90 days ago, our 2020 goal remains unchanged and it excludes tthey impact of tthey revenue reclassification between products and services we recorded in connection with ASC 606, tthey new revenue recognition accounting standard that we adopted at tthey beginning of fiscal 2019. Tthey level of engagement of our customers in our ecosystem continues to grow. Tthey number of transacting accounts on our digital stores reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey quarter with tthey number of paid accounts growing by strong double digits over last year. And we now have over 360 million paid subscriptions across our Services portfolio, an increase of 120 million versus a year ago. Given tthey continued strength and momentum in ttheir part of tthey business, we now expect tthey number of paid subscriptions to surpass 0.5 billion during 2020. Our subscription business has become very large and diversified covering many different categories from entertainment to theyalth and fitness to lifestyle. In fact, more than 30,000 third-party subscription apps are available today on tthey App Store and tthey largest of ttheym accounts for only 0.3% of our total Services revenue. Next, I'd like to talk about tthey Mac. We saw great response to tthey new MacBook Air and Mac mini that we introduced in October, which theylped drive a 9% increase in Mac revenue over last year to a new all-time record. Mac revenue was up in tthey vast majority of countries we track with double-digit growth in many large markets such as tthey U.S., Western Europe, Central and Eastern Europe, Japan, Korea and South Asia. Our active installed base of Macs reactheyd a new all-time high and half of all tthey customers purchasing Macs in tthey December quarter were new to Mac. We also had great results for iPad with revenue up 17% from a year ago. A strong performance of both iPad and iPad Pro and generated double-digit growth in four of our five geographic segments. Similar to tthey Mac, our installed base of iPads reactheyd a new all-time high and among customers purchasing iPad during tthey quarter half were new to iPad. Tthey most recent consumer survey from 451 Research measured a 94% customer satisfaction rating for iPad overall, with iPad Pro models scoring as high as 100%. Among business customers who plan to purchase tablets in tthey March quarter, 68% plan to purchase iPads. Wearables, home and accessories revenue grew 33% to a new all-time record in each of our geographic segments. Revenue from ttheir category was up over $1.8 billion compared to a year ago, thanks to tthey amazing popularity of Apple Watch and AirPods both of which were supply constrained as we exited tthey quarter. Based on revenue over tthey past four quarters, our Wearables business is approaching tthey size of a Fortune 200 company. Our retail and online stores generated strong results for Mac and iPad and all-time record performance from Services and from Wearables. Following tthey launch of tthey new iPhone trade-in campaign, our stores more than doubled tthey volume of iPhones traded in compared to last year, reaching an all-time high in Q1. We added Thailand to our footprint with a beautiful store in Bangkok and we opened a stunning new store on Champs-Elysees in Paris exiting tthey quarter with 506 physical stores in 22 countries. In enterprise, across multiple industries our technology continues to enable businesses to do ttheyir best work. In theyalthcare, iPhones and iOS apps continue to streamline and support clinical workflows, communications and care delivery across leading theyalth systems including Johns Hopkins Medicine, Massachusetts General Hospital, Stanford Health Care and Saint Jude Children's Research Hospital. In manufacturing, SKF tthey world’s largest producers of bearings and seals, has transformed ttheyir manufacturing processes on iOS and iPhone with incredible success. With custom iOS apps available to production operators across ttheyir worldwide locations, SKF has reduced production errors from 20 percent to zero while saving 70% in system-related time. Apple technology has made possible a simplified user experience integrating tthey SAP cloud platform, yielding better accuracy, efficiency, and employee experiences across tthey board. We’re also seeing great innovation in tthey construction industry, with iPad and new third-party apps made for iOS. For instance, Procore Technologies has introduced an app to theylp decrease building errors on tthey job site. By using Metal in Split View with tthey iPad camera, construction workers can compare building plants and 3D models to what is actually being built in real time. Ttheir new iOS app reduces wasted raw materials and theylps keep building projects on time and on budget. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $245 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We also had $102.8 billion in term debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding, for a net cash position of $130 billion. As we explained in tthey past, it is our plan to reach a net cash neutral position over time. As part of ttheir plan, we returned over $13 billion to our investors during tthey December quarter. We repurchased 38 million Apple shares for $8.2 billion through open market transactions and we paid $3.6 billion in dividends and equivalents. Consistent with our theirtorical cadence, we plan to provide an update on our overall capital return program wtheyn we report our March quarter results. As we move atheyad into tthey March quarter, I’d like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward looking information that Thomas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $55 billion and $59 billion. Ttheir range reflects a negative year-over-year impact of $1.3 billion from foreign exchange, which represents about 210 basis points of last year's revenue and a more uncertain macroeconomic environment than a year ago, especially in emerging markets. We expect gross margin to be between 37% and 38%. On a sequential basis, ttheir range reflects seasonal loss of leverage and a 60 basis point unfavorable impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by commodity cost savings. We expect OpEx to be between $8.5 billion and $8.6 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $300 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 17%. Also today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.73 per share of common stock, payable on February 14, 2019 to shareholders of record as of February 11, 2019. With that, I'd like to open tthey call to questions. Thomas Paxton Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourselves to two questions. And may we have tthey first question please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Certainly. Our first question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Thank you. Good afternoon. Services growth did decelerate from tthey growth rates in recent quarters, so can you talk about tthey factors that played into that slower growth? And ttheyn, appreciate tthey new disclosure around paid subscribers. But if you compare what you added in 2018 versus what you expect to add over tthey next two years, that implies a slowdown in annual net new subscribers. So should we be thinking about services as a lower growth segment than what you experienced in 2018? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Yes, Katy, let me take that one. First of all, wtheyn we talk about tthey services business, it's very important to start from tthey momentum that we have. As you know, we have set an ambitious target for ourselves to double tthey size of our business from fiscal 2016 to 2020, which implied at tthey time a 19% CAGR. So far, we've been able to grow about 20%. In fiscal 2018, we grew 22%. So we are on track to achieve our objective. And it's important to understand what is driving tthey growth of tthey business. First of all, it's our installed base. As we just told you, tthey installed base continues to grow very nicely. It has reactheyd 1.4 billion active devices at tthey end of December and really very little of our services revenue is driven by what we sell in tthey last 90 days. Tthey second factor for tthey growth of tthey services business is that within ttheir installed base tthey percentage of users who are paying for at least one service is growing very strongly. Ttheir is due to several factors. First of all, we're offering more and more services. During tthey last few years, as you know, we launctheyd Apple Music, Apple Pay and advertising service for our developers on tthey App Store. All ttheyse businesses are growing very strongly. Second, we are making it easier for our customers to transact on our digital stores. We accept many more payment methods today which are very common in certain countries around tthey world. We've also increased tthey distribution coverage for many of ttheyse services. We're bringing AppleCare to more points of sale around tthey world. We are launching Apple Pay in more and more markets and so on. Thirdly, as you mentioned, our subscriptions are becoming a very large portion of our business and ttheyy're growing very well above services average. And tthey fact that we are saying that we will surpass 0.5 billion during 2020, we're not putting a specific date during 2020, but I think you've seen over recent quarters that we've been adding about 120 million on a year-over-year basis for a number of quarters now. And ttheir is an incredible staggering number, right, wtheyn you think about it. We are also broadening tthey scope of many of ttheyse services. If you take Apple Pay as an example, it started off as tthey most convenient, most private and most secure way to make a payment in a store or in an app. Ttheyn we took Apple Pay to Safari, ttheyn we started a peer-to-peer service and we're launching it in new markets across tthey world every quarter, so we are broadening that scope. And of course, similar to what we've done in tthey past in tthey last three years, we launctheyd several new services, we're also looking to launch new services going forward that we believe will provide great value to our users and we're really very excited about tthey opportunities that we see in front of us. I think you're referring to tthey deceleration in tthey growth rate that we've seen in tthey December quarter. And I think you're referring back to tthey growth that we reported in September. I think an important point I need to make, and I think it's theylpful that you asked tthey question, is that a portion of ttheir deceleration is truly just a reclassification of tthey amortization of free services that we've made in connection with tthey adoption of tthey new revenue recognition standard. And as we explained 90 days ago, ttheir amortization of free services in tthey past was reported under Products and now gets reported under Services. Tthey reclassification is actually dilutive to our growth rate because tthey amortization of free services is a relatively stable number, which gets applied to a growing base. So ttheir reclassification reduces our growth rate versus tthey previous classification. Ttheir factor by itself represents roughly one-third of tthey deceleration that you're seeing. We talked about 27% growth in tthey September quarter. With tthey reclassification that growth rate was about 24.5%. So that explains about a third of that deceleration. Ttheyre are, I would say three factors that explain ttheir difference between tthey 24.5% to tthey 19%. Tthey first one is that foreign exchange plays a role. Roughly 60% of our Services business is outside tthey United States. And as you know tthey U.S. dollar has appreciated in recent months. And in general, we tend not to reprice our services for foreign exchange on a very frequent basis. Tthey second factor is a well-known issue around tthey App Store in China. Tthey App Store in China is a large business for us. We believe ttheir issue around tthey approval of new game titles is temporary in nature, but clearly is affecting our business right now. And ttheyn thirdly, we are seeing some level of deceleration in AppleCare, which has had very, very strong growth during fiscal 2018, wtheyre we're starting to lap some of tthey increase in distribution coverage that we put in place recently and tthey channel fill of Apple components that happened wtheyn we increase tthey distribution coverage. But in general, we are very, very pleased with 19% growth and we think that tthey business will continue to grow nicely going forward. Katy Huberty Thank you for that color. Just a quick follow-up, Luca. Share repurchases in tthey December quarter were well below tthey run rate from tthey June and September quarters. How much did tthey weaker quarter play into your ability to carry out tthey buyback at tthey same level? And what should we think about is tthey right run rate going forward? Luca Maestri Well, we've always said that we're very committed to executing our program. We have done almost $250 billion of repurchases from tthey beginning of tthey program. But we've also said that we want to execute tthey program in an efficient, effective, I will say, disciplined manner. And that takes into account also overall market conditions. So, that's what we did during tthey course of tthey December quarter. We -- our fundamental view remains tthey same. We are optimistic about our future and we think ttheyre is great value in our stock. And so we will continue to execute tthey program. We will continue to report at tthey end of every quarter. And by tthey way, wtheyn we report our March quarter results, we will also talk about tthey next step in our capital return program which is something that we do traditionally in tthey spring. Thomas Paxton Thank you, Katy. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Tthey next question will come from Steve Milunovich with Wolfe Research. Steve Milunovich Great. Thank you very much. Some have tthey perception that you priced tthey new products, tthey new iPhones too high, what have you learned about price elasticity? And do you feel that perhaps you puttheyyd tthey envelope a little bit too far and might have to bring that down in tthey future? Tim Cook Steve, it's Tim. If you look at what we did ttheir past year, we priced tthey iPhone Xs in tthey U.S. tthey same as we priced tthey iPhone X a year ago. Tthey iPhone Xs Max which was new was $100 more than tthey Xs. And ttheyn we priced tthey XR right in tthey middle of wtheyre tthey entry iPhone 8 and entry iPhone 8 Plus have been priced. So, it's actually a pretty small difference in tthey United States compared to last year. However, tthey foreign exchange issue that Luca spoke of in tthey call and -- made that difference or amplified that difference in international markets, in particular tthey emerging markets which tended to move much more significantly versus tthey dollar. And so what we have done in January and in some locations and some products is essentially absorbed part or all of tthey foreign currency move as compared to last year and ttheyrefore get close or perhaps right on tthey local price from a year ago. So, yes, I do think that price is a factor. I think part of it is that, tthey FX piece. And ttheyn secondly in some markets as I had talked about in my prepared remarks, tthey subsidy is probably tthey bigger of tthey issues in tthey developed markets. I had mentioned Japan, but also even in ttheir country even though tthey subsidy has gone away for a period of time. If you're a customer that your last purchase was a 6s or 6 or in some cases even a 7, you may have paid $199 for – and now in an unbundled world it's obviously much more than that. And so we are working through those and we've got a number of actions to address that including tthey trade-in and tthey installment payments which I had mentioned as well. Steve Milunovich I know that you're not giving units going forward, but you said you might make qualitative comments. I was wondering, if you have a comment particularly on tthey ASP on a year-over-year basis? Luca Maestri Well Steve, we did mention on tthey call last quarter that tthey different timing of our phone launctheys would affect tthey year-over-year compares. If you remember, our top models tthey Xs and Xs Max shipped during tthey September quarter, which plays tthey channel fill and tthey initial sales in that quarter. While last year tthey iPhone X shipped in Q1 in tthey December quarter, plays in tthey channel fill and initial sales in tthey December quarter. So we knew that ttheir would create a difficult compare for Q1 of 2019 and ttheir is essentially what happened. It was pretty much in line with our expectations. To give you more color I would say that, tthey XR is our most popular model and it's followed by Xs Max and ttheyn tthey Xs. Thomas Paxton Thank you, Steve. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Tthey next question will come from Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein. Toni Sacconaghi Yes. Thank you. I have one for Luca and one for Tim. Luca, looks like tthey midpoint of your Q2 revenue guidance implies tthey steepest Q1 to Q2 sequential decline in iPhone revenues in theirtory. It also implies a year-over-year deceleration in iPhone revenues. And I'm wondering, if you can comment about wtheyttheyr that's conservatism, wtheyttheyr you're entering tthey quarter with a high level of channel inventory and maybe you can comment explicitly on that, or wtheyttheyr you actually think tthey macroeconomic conditions are getting worse? Luca Maestri Yeah. I mean three questions ttheyre. Tthey first one is a question around conservatism. As we always do wtheyn we provide a range, it's a range that we believe we're going to fall within. We've done pretty well with that up until tthey December quarter, right? I mean, we've been – we didn't miss in years and years. So that's tthey idea. Ttheyre isn't a specific level of conservatism. We believe that ttheir is tthey range wtheyre we're going to fall within. On channel inventory, as you know our theirtorical pattern for iPhone channel inventory is that typically we increase inventory in Q1 and we decrease in Q2. And we think ttheir year will be similar and we've exited tthey December quarter with levels of inventory that we are comfortable with. So that leaves us with tthey reality that our iPhone performance in Q1 from a revenue standpoint was minus 15%. And we expect that tthey key factors that Tim mentioned during tthey call affecting iPhone performance in Q1 will also have an effect on Q2 starting with tthey strong U.S. dollar environment. On a year-over-year basis, tthey negative impact from currency is going to be about $1.3 billion, so that's about a bit more than two points versus last year's revenue and so that obviously plays a role. And tthey macroeconomic environment particularly in emerging markets will continue to be ttheyre. On tthey positive side, we expect that we will continue to grow revenue nicely from tthey rest of tthey business which is not iPhone. Toni Sacconaghi Okay. Tim, at your September event Mason Jackson, an Apple VP, stated tthey company needed to quote design products to last as long as possible. And Apple's clearly doing that by theylping with tthey battery replacement program, iOS working on an older range of products et cetera. But I guess tthey question is why doesn't that mean that replacement or upgrade cycles for iPhones should continue to extend going forward in part because that's almost one of your objectives? And maybe to that end, maybe you can theylp us understand what iPhones' average replacement cycle might be today, and how that may have changed over tthey last three to five years. And again, why wouldn't you expect it to elongate over time given some of tthey aforementioned things? Thank you. Tim Cook We do design our products to last as long as possible. Some people hold onto those for tthey life of tthey product and some people trade ttheym in. And ttheyn that phone is ttheyn redistributed to someone else. And so it doesn't necessarily follow that one leads to tthey ottheyr. Tthey cycles -- tthey average cycle has extended. Ttheyre's no doubt about that. We've said several times I think on ttheir call and before, that tthey upgrades for tthey quarter were less than we anticipated due to tthey -- all tthey reasons that we had mentioned. So, wtheyre it goes in tthey future, I don't know, but I'm convinced that making a great product that is high quality, that is tthey best thing for tthey customer and we work for tthey user. And so that's tthey way that we look at it. Thomas Paxton Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about tthey trajectory of Services gross margin, up about 500 basis points it appears year-over-year. You talked a little bit about sequential. But what's driving tthey improvement or will it be volatile as we go through tthey year depending on quarters and mix? Just whatever color you can give us as we start to forecast ttheir? Thank you. Luca Maestri Yes, Shannon. I think you've seen that Services gross margins increased on a year-over-year basis by a significant amount. Let me start with sequential because I think it's probably most relevant for us. Sequentially, we increased 170 basis points. It's a business that is growing nicely, so we get good support from our scale. Some of ttheyse services are scaling quickly and so we tend to expand gross margins ttheyre. And also, we had favorable mix. As you probably know, we have a very broad portfolio of Services. Some of ttheym tend to be accretive to tthey average gross margin for services, also because of tthey way we account for ttheym. For example, you know that on tthey App Store, we book revenue on a net basis and ttheyrefore tthey gross margins tend to be accretive. But we also have services that are very successful, that are below tthey average for tthey services business. And so depending on how ttheyse separate businesses do in tthey marketplace, we're going to be seeing some level of movement going forward on services margins. But you've seen that for tthey last 12 months ttheyy've gone up nicely 450 basis points and sequentially ttheyy've gone up 170 basis points. But I wouldn't draw necessarily a conclusion on how ttheir services gross margin is going to move over time. We will report of course at tthey end of every quarter. But important to keep in mind, it's a broad portfolio with very different gross margin profiles within tthey portfolio. It is important for us to grow gross margin dollars. And if at times we grow services that are at a level of gross margins, which is below average, as long as ttheir is good for tthey customer and as long as we generate gross margin dollars we're going to be very pleased. Shannon Cross Okay, thank you. And ttheyn Tim, can you talk a bit about video? You've signed a myriad of deals. Ttheyre was announcement about -- ttheyre are TV app directly on Samsung. So perhaps wtheyn ttheir comes out you'll be multi-platform. I'm just curious how you view tthey opportunity in video. And I guess assuming, you can just leverage tthey costs that you've made already, it should be accretive to margin I would think? Tim Cook Yeah, Shannon, we see huge changes in customer behavior taking place now. And we think that it will accelerate as tthey year goes by to sort of tthey breakdown of tthey cable bundle that's been talked about for years. And I think that it'll likely take place at a much faster pace ttheir year. And so we're going to participate in that in a variety of ways. One of those is through Apple TV and you're well familiar with that product. Tthey second way is AirPlay 2, which we have as just pointed out we have support on a number of different third-party TVs. And we're excited about that. It makes tthey experience in tthey living room with people using our products even better. We think that people are really going to like that. Anottheyr way is, of course, all tthey third-party video subscriptions that are on tthey store. We are participating in ttheir today. And I would guess that that's going to accelerate into tthey future as tthey bundle breaks down and people begin to buy likely multiple services in place of ttheyir current cable bundle. And ttheyn finally, original content wtheyre we will participate in tthey original content world. We have signed a multiyear partnership with Oprah. But today I'm not really ready to extend that conversation beyond that point. We've hired some great people that I have a super amount of confidence in and ttheyy're working really hard and we'll have something to say more on that later. Thomas Paxton Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question, please? Operator Tthey next question will come from Walter Piecyk with BTIG. Walter Piecyk Great, thanks. I just have a question on tthey free services. Can you just describe how tthey math works on that? Is it that tthey free services are non cash revenue that's getting booked in tthey Services revenue with no cost and ttheyn tthey costs come out of products? Can you just run us through what tthey current status versus how you were accounting for that before? Luca Maestri Yes in essence wtheyn we sell a product at a certain price, we make an assumption. We estimate tthey value that can be associated to providing free services. In our case, it's providing Maps services, providing Siri and providing free iCloud to all tthey customers that purchase our product. And so we calculate an estimated value. That value gets deferred and gets amortized over tthey estimated period of time that we deliver tthey free services. In tthey past that deferral and tthey subsequent amortization was reported under products. Now in connection with tthey new revenue recognition standard, we are reclassifying essentially that amortization from products revenue to services revenue. So total revenue has not changed, we just report that estimated value under tthey Services category. We also reclassify tthey cost that we need to incur to provide those services. So tthey gross margin rate of ttheyse services is clearly significantly dilutive to tthey overall Services margin. I hope I've... Walter Piecyk So it did make services gross margin, got it. And ttheyn my ottheyr -- my second question is just, wtheyn you think about growth in Services, you have selling more to existing paid subscription customers or it's tthey 300 million going to 0.5 billion. If you can just talk at a high level as far as wtheyn you look at growth going forward, is it about -- what is tthey mix in terms of selling more to existing users, getting new users or -- and maybe some of tthey individual services that you see tthey biggest growth opportunity? Thank you. Luca Maestri Yes. I mean as I said I mean essentially what -- services -- I said services too is our installed base. So tthey first driver is growing tthey installed base. Installed base has grown nicely over tthey last several years. We've added 100 million in tthey last 12 months alone. So that's tthey first step. Ttheyn within that installed base, of course we want to make sure that ttheyre are more people that are so interested in our services that in addition to transacting on those services on a free basis, ttheyy also are interested in paying for those services. And I mentioned that tthey percentage of paid accounts has increased strong double-digits. So we want to continue to do that. We want to make it easier for our customers to actually use our services and so we are accepting more and more payment methods around tthey world. And clearly, as you said tthey idea of adding new services is very important to us. During tthey last three years, we've added Apple Pay, which has been incredibly successful and is a wonderful customer experience. We've added Apple Music, wtheyre we now have more than 50 million paid subscribers and continues to grow very nicely. And we've added a very useful service to our developers. We provide an advertising service for developers in tthey App Store. Tthey way we've added ttheyse services in tthey past, obviously, we're also very interested in adding new services that can provide great value to our customers in tthey future. Now we don't want to get into product announcements theyre, but obviously that is part of our strategy. Thomas Paxton Thank you all. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 2358120. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406, and I'm at 408-974-5420. And thanks again for joining us. Operator That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.