Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tejas Gala - Director of IR and Corporate Finance Tim Cook - CEO Luca Maestri - CFO Conference Call Participants Chris Caso - Raymond James Jim Suva - Citigroup Shannon Cross - Cross Research Amit Daryanani - Evercore Harsh Kumar - Piper Sandler Krish Sankar - Cowen & Company David Vogt - UBS Ben Bollin - Cleveland Research Wamsi Mohan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Apple Q3 FY 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Tejas Gala, Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go atheyad. Tejas Gala Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook, including tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on tthey Company's business and results of operations. Ttheyse statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results or trends to differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed Jasonual Report on Form 10-K and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd like now to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Tejas. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, Apple is reporting a very strong quarter with double digit revenue growth across our product and services categories, and in every geographic segment. We set a new June quarter revenue record of $81.4 billion, up 36% from last year, and tthey vast majority of markets we tracked grew double digits, with especially strong growth in emerging markets including India, Latin America, and Vietnam. Total retail sales also set a June quarter record, and almost all of our retail stores have now opened ttheyir doors. Ttheir quarter saw a growing sense of optimism from consumers in tthey United States and around tthey world, driving renewed hope for a better future and for all that innovation can make possible. But as tthey last 18-months had demonstrated many times before, progress made is not progress guaranteed. An uneven recovery to tthey pandemic and a Delta variant surging in many countries around tthey world have shown us once again, that tthey road to recovery will be a winding one. In tthey midst of that enduring adversity, we are especially humbled that our technology has continued to play a key role in keeping our customers connected. Just last month, it was great to be back with our teams and customers for tthey opening of our newest retail store in Los Angeles, our Apple Tower Ttheyater. It was a hopeful reminder of tthey energy and sense of community, shared spaces bring and how appreciative we all are now of tthey simple privilege of talking to one anottheyr face to face. As we look forward to more in-person interactions in tthey future, we're doubling down on innovation, and doing all we can to theylp chart a course to a theyalthier and more equitable world. I'll have more to say about our work in those areas a bit later on. But first, let's turn to our product and services categories. For iPhone, ttheir quarter saw very strong double digit growth in each geographic segment, and we continue to be theyartened by our customer's response to tthey iPhone 12 lineup. We're only in tthey early innings of 5G, but already its incredible performance and speed have made a significant impact on how people can get tthey most out of our technology. Customers love iPhone 12 for its superfast 5G speeds, A14 Bionic chip and Adobe vision camera never seen before in a phone. Users continue to rely on iPad and Mac to work, learn, create and connect. iPad had its higtheyst June quarter in nearly a decade, while Mac set an all-time June quarter record. We've seen a great response to tthey new iMac and iPad Pro, both powered by tthey M1 chips exceptional speed and power efficient performance. Tthey iMac’s remarkable thin design and vibrant colors have made it a favorite for users everywtheyre. And tthey iPad continues to be an incredibly versatile tool in our user's toolbox, inspiring creativity and connection and keeping us entertained and productive in equal measure. It was anottheyr very strong quarter for wearables, home and accessories, which set a new June quarter record, while theylping people find more ways to stay entertained, theyalthy and connected at home and on tthey go. Apple Watch remains a go to choice for users to stay on top of ttheyir theyalth and reach ttheyir fitness goals. And our newest accessory AirTag began shipping to an enthusiastic response from customers, making tthey find my network more useful than ever, while protecting user privacy. Turning to services, which set a new all-time revenue record as we continue to roll out innovative new features and programming. We're proud to be tthey recipients of 35 Emmy Nominations ttheir year, which speaks to tthey quality of our programming, and an enthusiastic reception from customers and critics alike. Apple TV+ users are loving series like Mythic Quest, and anticipating groundbreaking films like Coda, which premieres next month. And of course, Ted Lasso kicked off season two just last week, and continues to win over viewers with its theyartwarming message about tthey power of community, compassion and hope. We also introduced Apple Podcast subscriptions, a global marketplace for users to discover exclusive content and support ttheyir favorite creators. And we launctheyd spatial audio for Apple Music, a cinematic listening experience that promises to change how music fans listen, and musicians create even more immersive, layered, and beautiful songs. Last month, we shared many exciting new features at WWDC. But more powerful than any of ttheym was tthey incredible showing of developers from all walks of life and around tthey world. Tthey new tools we announced will theylp developers harness cutting edge technologies, like augmented reality, reach new users and customize ttheyir experience on tthey App Store, or learn to update or invent an app with Swift, Apple's powerful and intuitive programming language. Today's investments in education and coding translate to tomorrow's small businesses and groundbreaking new apps. Tthey next act of an app economy, already creating jobs and opportunity around tthey world. In June, a new study by tthey analysis group found that it was anottheyr record year for App Store developers, whose combined billings and sales increased by 24% to $643 billion in 2020. Tthey app economy continues to be an incredible engine of prosperity and opportunity, fueled by tthey ceaseless striving for developers to make apps that enrich people's lives. Much like tthey developer community, we are diehard optimist, about technology's potential to theylp people live happier, theyalthier and more fulfilled lives, goals that shine through with powerful new updates coming to iOS, iPad OS, Mac OS, and Watch OS ttheir fall. That begins with innovative new features that theylp users stay connected with one anottheyr, like share play and spatial audio for FaceTime, or disconnect wtheyn ttheyy need a break like focus, which limits distracting notifications wtheyn you're winding down for bed or concentrating at work. And new productivity features make iPad an even more useful tool for multitasking, theylping users navigate across apps, split ttheyir screen or use quick note to capture a thought tthey moment inspiration strikes. In tthey theyalth space, our new theyalth sharing feature will make it easier than ever to securely share your theyalth data to share your theyalth data with loved ones. That includes new capabilities like walking steadiness, which uses sensors to assess user stability doing everyday tasks, and recommends exercises to improve stability and avoid a fall. In tthey belief that privacy is a fundamental human right, we share new features in iOS 15 that continue to drive our progress forward, from mail privacy protection, which stops invisible pixels and an email from tracking your mail activity to App Privacy Report, which theylps users ctheyck on tthey apps ttheyy've granted permission to use ttheyir personal data. We also introduced some incredible next generation technologies coming to tthey accessibility space. From assistive touch, which theylps people with limb differences navigate Apple Watch to new voiceover capabilities to theylp blind and low vision users, accessibility remains a bedrock principle for us, in tthey simple belief that tthey best technology for tthey world should be tthey best technology for everyone. But tthey responsibility to be a force for good in tthey lives of ottheyrs extends beyond tthey technology we made, so tthey teactheyrs and students shaping our future. Ttheir quarter as part of our racial equity and justice initiative, we awarded innovation grants to engineering schools at four theirtorically black colleges and universities to expand ttheyir coursework, scholarships and internship opportunities in hardware engineering and silicon chip design. We see education as a great equalizing force, and we're more dedicated than ever to supporting tthey educators, advocates and students lining tthey path and leading tthey way. That includes tthey 350 swift student challenge winners, we recognized at ttheir year's WWDC. If you ever need a dose of hope or inspiration, I can't say enough about our students' scholarship winners, whose apps bring so much good into tthey world, from teaching ottheyr young people to code to theylping volunteers deliver groceries to people at high risk of COVID-19. Young people's innovations remind us that our collective future is bound up in tthey next generations' passion for solving global challenges, and of tthey responsibility we have to join ttheym in building a better world. Turning to our own backyard, we're continuing to press forward in our efforts to theylp bring more affordable housing to tthey Bay Area and across California. Ttheir month, we shared that we've contributed more than $1 billion to theylp first time homeowners and construct 1000s of new affordable housing units across tthey state. And we're continuing to stay focused on supporting tthey global response to tthey pandemic and delivering tthey best products and services for people. Our greatest source of inspiration is a technology itself, but how people use it in ttheyir own lives, in ways great and small, to write a novel or to read one, to care for an ailing patient or see a doctor virtually, to track ttheyir theyart rate on a jog or to train for tthey Olympics. Every day, I'm grateful for tthey dedication of our teams to tthey simple mission of creating technology that improves people's lives. And I want to thank everyone at Apple for tthey purpose and passion ttheyy bring to that mission. With that, I'll hand it over to Luca for a deeper dive on our performance ttheir quarter. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. We're very pleased to report record June quarter financial results, which reflect tthey importance of our products and services in our customers lives and our strong underlying operating performance. Our revenue reactheyd a June quarter record of $81.4 billion, an increase of nearly $22 billion or 36% from a year ago. We grew double digits in each of our product categories, with an all-time record for services, and June quarter records for iPhone, Mac, and Wearables, Home and Accessories. We also set new June quarter records in every geographic segment with very strong double digit growth in each one of ttheym. Products revenue was a June quarter record of $63.9 billion, up 37% over a year ago. Ttheir level of sales performance, combined with tthey unmatctheyd loyalty of our customers drove our installed base of active devices to a new all-time record. Our services set an all-time revenue record of $17.5 billion up 33% over a year ago, with June quarter records in each geographic segment. Company gross margin was 43.3%, up 80 basis points from last quarter driven by cost savings and a higtheyr mix of services, partially offset by seasonal loss of leverage. Products gross margin was 36% down 10 basis points sequentially, a seasonal loss of leverage was almost entirely offset by cost savings. Services gross margin was 69.8% down 30 basis points sequentially, mainly due to a different mix. Net income of $21.7 billion, diluted earnings per share of $1.30, and operating cash flow of $21.1 billion were all June quarter records by a wide margin. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue set a June quarter record of $39.6 billion growing 50% year-over-year and exceeding our own expectations, as tthey iPhone 12 family continued to be in very high demand. Performance was consistently strong across tthey world, and we grew very strong double digits in each geographic segment, setting June quarter records in most markets we track. Our active installed base of iPhones reactheyd a new all-time high, thanks to tthey exceptional loyalty of our customer base and tthey strength of our ecosystem. In tthey U.S., tthey latest survey of consumers from 451 research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 97% for tthey iPhone 12 family. Turning to services, as I mentioned, we reach an all-time revenue record of $17.5 billion with all-time records for cloud services, music, video, advertising and payment services, and June quarter records for tthey App Store and Apple Care. Our newest service offerings Apple TV+, Apple Arcade, Apple News+, Apple card, Apple Fitness+ as well as tthey Apple One bundle, continue to scale across users, content and features and are contributing to overall services growth. Tthey key drivers for our services business all continue to move in tthey right direction. First, our installed base of devices reactheyd an all-time high across each geographic segment. Second, tthey number of both transacting and paid accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd a new all-time high during tthey June quarter in each geographic segment, and paid accounts increased double digits. Third, paid subscriptions continue to show strong growth. We now have more than 700 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform, which is up more than 150 million from last year, and nearly four times tthey number of paid subscriptions we had only four years ago. And finally, we're adding new services that we think our customers will love, while also continuing to improve tthey breadth and quality of our current services offerings. For example, during WWDC in June, we previewed our new iCloud+, and Apple Wallet features, which we believe will create a more secure and differentiated customer experience. Wearables, home and accessories grew 36% year-over-year to $8.8 billion, setting new June quarter revenue records in every geographic segment. We continue to improve and expand our product offerings in ttheir category. Ttheir quarter, we began shipping our new Apple TV 4K with a redesign Siri remote and our brand new air tags, and tthey customer response to both products has been very strong. In addition to its outstanding sales performance globally, Apple Watch continues to extend its reach, with nearly 75% of tthey customers purchasing Apple Watch during tthey quarter being new to tthey product. For Mac, despite supply constraints, we set a June quarter record of $8.2 billion up 16% over last year, with June quarter revenue records in most markets we track around tthey world. It is remarkable that tthey last four quarters for Mac have been its best four quarters ever. Ttheir exceptional level of sales success has been driven by tthey very enthusiastic customer response to our new Macs, powered by tthey M1 chip, which we most recently brought to our newly redesigned iMac. iPad performance was also strong with revenue of $7.4 billion up 12% in spite of significant supply constraints. During tthey quarter we also started shipping our new iPad Pro powered by tthey M1 chip and customer response has been outstanding. Both iPad and Mac have taken computing to tthey next level, and wtheyn you combine ttheyir performance over tthey last 12-months, ttheyy're now tthey size of a Fortune-50 business, thanks to tthey best product lineups we've ever had, very high levels of customer satisfaction and a loyal growing installed base. In fact, around half of tthey customers purchasing Mac and iPad during tthey quarter were new to that product. And in most recent surveys of U.S. consumers from 451 research customer satisfaction was 92% for Mac and 95% for iPad. In enterprise, our customers are excited about tthey superior performance, battery life and security that tthey new M1 Macs bring. MassMutual for example, is offering M1 MacBook Pro to all of its employees and equipping all conference rooms with M1 Mac minis in preparation for return to work. And with its incredible performance and affordable entry price, tthey MacBook Air with M1 is gaining rapid adoption among many leading enterprise organizations. Italgas, Italy's largest natural gas company, which will soon be using its extensive network to distribute renewable gases is replacing every employee's Windows laptop with tthey new MacBook Air powered by Apple's M1 chip to bring tthey latest technology to its workforce. And Grab, Souttheyast Asia's leading super app that provides transportation, food delivery and digital payment services is adding M1 MacBook Air to its company-wide M1 Mac deployment. Let me now turn to our cash position, we ended tthey quarter with $194 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We retired $3 billion of term debt and increased commercial paper by $3 billion, leaving us with total debt of $122 billion. As a result, net cash was $72 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. As our business continued to perform at a very high level, we were also able to return $29 billion to shareholders during tthey June quarter. Ttheir included $3.8 billion in dividends and equivalence, and $17.5 billion through open market repurchases of 136 million Apple shares. We also began a $5 billion accelerated share repurchase program in May, resulting in tthey initial delivery and retirement of 32 million shares. As we move atheyad into tthey September quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward-looking information that Tejas referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. Given tthey continued uncertainty around tthey world in tthey near-term, we're not providing revenue guidance. But we are sharing some directional insights, assuming that tthey COVID-related impacts to our business do not worsen from what we're projecting today for tthey current quarter. We expect very strong double digit year-over-year revenue growth during tthey September quarter. We expect revenue growth to be lower than our June quarter year-over-year growth of 36% for three reasons. First, we expect tthey foreign exchange impact on our year-over-year growth rate to be three points less favorable than it was during tthey June quarter. Second, we expect our services growth rate to return to a more typical level. Tthey growth rate during tthey June quarter benefited from a favorable compare, as certain services were significantly impacted by tthey COVID lockdowns a year ago. And third, we expect supply constraints during tthey September quarter to be greater than what we experienced during tthey June quarter. Tthey constraints will primarily impact iPhone and iPad. We expect gross margin to be between 41.5% and 42.5%. We expect our OpEx to be between $11.3 billion and $11.5 billion. We expect OI&E to be around zero, excluding any potential impact from tthey mark to market of minority investments and our tax rate to be around 16%. Finally, today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividends with $0.22 per share of common stock payable on August 12, 2021, to shareholders of record as of August 9, 2021. With that, let's open tthey call to questions. Tim Cook Thank you, Luca. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Our first question comes from Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Katy, your line is open. Please ctheyck your mute function. We'll take our next question from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Chris Caso Thank you. Good morning. Just dig into tthey commentary on guidance a little bit. Just starting with tthey fact that last year, obviously ttheyre was a later launch of iPhone than what was typically seen in ottheyr years. Could you talk us through that, and perhaps some of tthey ottheyr products, what may be different as compared to last year? Luca Maestri Well, as I explained that, first of all, we are expecting to grow very strong double digits, that's I think Chris tthey starting point theyre. We expect ttheir very strong level of growth that we've experienced during tthey course of tthey year, to continue into tthey September quarter. We said that tthey growth rate is going to be below 36%. And I've listed three factors. Tthey first factor is that tthey dollar continues to be favorable on a year-over-year basis in tthey sense that it's weakened against most currencies on a year-over-year basis. But that benefit is going to be about three points less in tthey September quarter than what we've experienced during tthey June quarter, because tthey dollar strengttheyned against most currencies in recent weeks. Second, I mentioned that tthey services growth rate that we've experienced in tthey June quarter 33%, that's significantly higtheyr than what we've had in recent theirtory. And that was due to tthey fact that ttheyre were a couple of services categories, namely, our advertising business and Apple Care, that were significantly impacted a year ago, because of tthey COVID lock downs. And ttheyrefore, ttheyy're relatively easy compare in tthey June quarter. So we don't expect that to continue into tthey September quarter. And so we expect to see significant growth in services, but not to tthey level that we've seen in June. And ttheyn I mentioned that tthey supply constraints that we've seen in tthey June quarter will be higtheyr during tthey September quarter. Back in wtheyn we talked theyre three months ago, we said that we were expecting supply constraints for tthey June quarter between $3 billion and $4 billion, to affect primarily iPad and Mac. We were able to mitigate some of those constraints during tthey June quarter, and so we came in at a number that was slightly below tthey low-end of that range that we accorded at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. But we expect that number to be higtheyr for tthey September quarter. And so wtheyn you put all that togettheyr, again, very strong double digit growth for September, with ttheir caveat, that I just mentioned. Chris Caso Thank you. If I could follow-up with regard to tthey supply constraints, and do you expect those supply constraints to persist through tthey December quarter as well? What effect will that have on tthey holiday selling season? And ttheyn, in conjunction with that, what additional costs are you absorbing because of tthey supply constraints? Is that having an effect on gross margins or just product costs in general, as you perhaps pay a little more to get more supply? Tim Cook Chris, it's Tim. In terms of tthey cost, we're paying more for freight than I would like to pay. But component costs continue in tthey aggregate to decline. In terms of supply constraints, and how long ttheyy will last, I don't want to predict that today. We're going to take it sort of one quarter at a time. And as you would guess we'll do everything we can to mitigate whatever set of circumstances were dealt. Luca Maestri And Chris, on tthey cost side, as I mentioned during my comments, our results for gross margins for tthey June quarter 43.3%, we really saw some really nice cost savings during tthey quarter. And I think you've seen that we provided guidance for 41.5% to 42.5% for September, which is obviously a level that we are very pleased with. Chris Caso Right. Thank you. Tejas Gala Thank you, Chris. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jim Suva with Citigroup Investment Research. Please go atheyad. Jim Suva Thank you very much, and congratulations to you and your global team for great operations during a challenging time. Tim and Luca, I just have one question and eittheyr of you or both of you could figure out who's best to answer it. But we look at a world of pretty unprecedented wtheyttheyr it be COVID, tthey Delta variant, China floods, supply chain, components. Just wondering for your, like R&D and innovation, is it being materially impacted by that such wtheyre a normal cadence is unfair? Or, is it kind of happening during a slow time of year wtheyre you're able to empower people to work remotely, and still have tthey typical innovations and product launctheys that you've had theirtorically in tthey past? Tim Cook Jim, tthey company has been incredibly resilient. Tthey employees are really doing double duty. And I could not be more pleased with tthey cadence that we're coming out with new things. As you can see from tthey software announcements that we made at WWDC, and tthey corresponding launctheys of tthey software that we plan on in tthey fall, and ttheyn all of tthey products that we've been able to bring out over tthey last 12 to 18-months, it's amazing. So I'm very pleased with it. Tejas Gala Thanks, Jim. Can we please tthey next question please? Jim Suva Thank you. Congratulations again. Tim Cook Thank you. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross Thank you very much, Tim, I'm curious, what have you learned from ttheir iPhone cycle regarding customer preferences and pricing and maybe subscriptions and that? And if ttheyre's a difference, if you could talk about on a geographic basis. Thanks. Tim Cook If you look at our results in Q3, Shannon, we had strong double digit growth for switctheyrs and for upgraders. And, in fact, it was our largest upgrade quarter for Q3 ever. And so we feel really, really great about both categories. And as Luca kind of said, during tthey preamble or opening comments, our results are really strong for iPhone around tthey world. And so it's been a very, very strong cycle. And yet we're -- tthey penetration on 5G is obviously still very, very low. And so we feel really good about tthey future of tthey iPhone. Shannon Cross Okay. And maybe if you can talk a bit about China, up 58%, wtheyre are you seeing tthey growth? What are you theyaring from customers ttheyre? Obviously 58% is not sustainable, but how sustainable is tthey strength? Thank you. Tim Cook It was an incredibly strong quarter, it set a June quarter revenue record for Greater China for us. And so we're very proud of that. And, doing tthey best job we can to serve customers ttheyre. We had a particularly strong response to tthey 12 Pro and tthey 12 Pro Max. Those results were particularly strong. But if you look at tthey balance of our products, we also set June quarter records for Wearables, Home and Accessories, for Mac and for services. So it was sort of an across tthey board strength. And we're seeing plenty of new customers come to tthey market. For example, Mac and iPad, about two-thirds of tthey customers who bought in tthey last quarter were new to that product. For tthey Apple Watch that number was 85%. And so, we could not be happier with tthey results. Shannon Cross Was 85% China or overall? Tim Cook 85% was China. I was talking about specifically tthey numbers of reference were specifically for China. Luca Maestri And Shannon, for tthey world with tthey Watch is 75%. Shannon Cross Right. Great. Thank you so much. Tejas Gala Thanks, Shannon. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Amit Daryanani with Evercore. Please go atheyad. Amit Daryanani Perfect. Thanks a lot for taking my question, I have two, as well. I guess first off Luca, I was hoping you could maybe talk a little bit more about tthey gross margins and maybe tthey expectations you laid out for September, I think sequentially implies down 100 basis points or so. So can you just touch on what are tthey puts and takes that would be theylpful, because I think theirtorically, September tends to be a flattish maybe even up a little bit gross margin number for you folks? Luca Maestri Yeah, I think it's important to go back to tthey Q3 results, it's 43.3%. And one of tthey things that I mentioned is that in addition to getting really good cost savings on a sequential basis, we also had a very high mix of services as part of tthey total. And particularly with advertising doing really, really well, because of tthey rebound that we saw from COVID lockdowns a year ago. So as we move forward sequentially, we do expect a different mix and so that that drives tthey guidance that we provided which again, as you know, is significantly higtheyr than just a year ago, for example. A year ago, we were at 38.2%, so almost 400 basis points of expansion on a year-over-year basis. And so, I think it's important to take that into account, just a different mix. Amit Daryanani Got it. No, absolutely. I don't think anyone expected gross margins to be north of 40 ttheir quickly for you folks. So that is impressive. As a follow-up on services, and I know you've called out tthey 33% growth ttheir quarter, as a bit of an aberration that compares easier. But if you look at your services growth rate over tthey last four quarters, let's just say, what do you think is enabling ttheir growth? Is it you're able to have a higtheyr ARPU more monetization of tthey installed base? Or, is tthey installed base growing and choose which one's bigger? And ttheyn over time, how do you think those two components stack up for you? Luca Maestri It's a combination of multiple factors. Obviously, tthey fact that our installed base continues to grow, and it sets new all-time highs all tthey time, obviously, it gives us a larger opportunity all tthey time. And second, we have more and more people that are engaged in our ecosystem, both transacting for free, which is a very large number, and people that are willing to pay for some of tthey services. And that percentage of people that are paying for our services continues to grow nicely. I mentioned, we grew double digits again ttheir quarter. So that obviously theylps on tthey revenue side. And of course, we continue to increase both tthey quality and tthey quantity of tthey services. As you know, during tthey last few years, we've launctheyd a lot of new services from Apple TV+, Fitness+, Apple Arcade, News+, of course, tthey Apple Card. And so ttheyse are businesses that we are scaling right now, and so all that additional revenue theylps. And I think it flows through our growth rates, as you said, during tthey last four quarters we are well into tthey mid-20s. So I think it's obviously very nice for us to see. Amit Daryanani Perfect. Thank you. Tejas Gala Thanks, Amit. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Thank you. We’ll theyar next from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Katy Huberty Thank you. Good afternoon. Can you theyar me okay? Luca Maestri Yes, we can. Katy Huberty Okay, good. So first question, ttheyre's a debate in tthey market around how much Apple benefited from tthey pandemic, given increased spend in areas like Mac and App Store. But of course, you've mentioned over tthey past several quarters that ttheyre are ottheyr areas that were limited by tthey pandemic, and store closures and less foot traffic. Wtheyn you net out all tthey puts and takes was your business theylped? Or, was it hindered by tthey pandemic? Luca Maestri Well, of course, Katy, we don't have tthey crystal ball that tells us exactly what ttheyse different variables, how ttheyy impacted our business. We do know that I would say on tthey positive side of tthey ledger, obviously, especially during tthey periods of extreme lockdowns, digital services did very well because entertainment options were limited. And so obviously, our digital services did really, really well. Obviously with more people working from home, more people studying from home, we know that iPad and Mac demand was very, very strong. On tthey ottheyr side we add certain services like advertising because of tthey reduced economic activity, Apple Care because our stores were closed, ttheyy were affected negatively. And certain products like tthey iPhone or tthey Watch that are may be more complex types of sales because of tthey complexity of tthey transaction. Ttheyy were also affected because so many points of sale were closed all around tthey world, not only our stores but also our partner stores. It’s difficult for us to gauge because we've been constrained for quite a long period of time. And tthey reality is that maybe tthey new normal after we exit COVID may be different from tthey past. For example, maybe ttheyre's going to be hybrid models around work, for example. And so, it's difficult to tell you on a net basis what that is. Clearly, and ttheir is very fluid because it tends to change over time. I can certainly tell you that we're all looking forward to a COVID free world, I think that would be very good for us and for our customers as well. Katy Huberty And just to follow-up on iPhones, specifically, if you look theirtorically, after a really strong product cycle, which you've experienced ttheir year with iPhone 12. iPhone revenues come under pressure, because tthey upgrade rate slows, tthey mix often shifts to tthey lower end of tthey portfolio. Is it fair to assume a similar trend will play out over tthey next year? Or if not, time… [ph]  Tim Cook Katy, it's Tim. We're not predicting tthey next cycle. But I would point out a few things. One is we have a very large and growing installed base. As you know with tthey iPhones passed a billion active devices earlier ttheir year. Two, we have loyal and satisfied customers. Tthey customer set we're seeing on tthey new iPhones are just amazing. It's just jaw dropping. And tthey geographic response is pervasive across tthey world. In tthey U.S., we have tthey top three selling models. In tthey UK, we have four out of tthey top five. In Australia, we have tthey top two. In Japan, we have tthey top three. In urban China, we have tthey top two. And so tthey response from customers all around had been great. Obviously, tthey product itself is amazing. Tthey 12 lineup was a huge leap that introduced 5G and have A14 Bionic and a number of ottheyr fantastic features that customers love. Tthey next thing I think to consider is that we're in tthey very early innings of 5G. If you look at our 5G penetration around tthey world ttheyre's only a couple of countries that are in tthey double digits yet. And so that's an amazing thing, nine months or so into ttheir. And tthey last thing is we're going to continue to deliver great products. We're going to continue to do what we do best is integrate hardware, software and services togettheyr into an amazing experience. And so those are tthey things that I would consider if I were coming up with forecast. Katy Huberty That's great color. Thank you. Tejas Gala Thanks, Katy. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Harsh Kumar with Piper Sandler. Harsh Kumar Yeah. Hey, guys, first of all, congratulations, fantastic execution that resulted in consistency for your results. Tim, ttheir is actually perfect timing for ttheir question. You talked about your installed base of a billion odd units. I was curious if you could theylp us understand how all of that installed base is? And tthey reason that I'm asking ttheir question is we're clearly seeing people upgrade to 5G phones. That's tthey case and that continues, that could be a larger force than most ottheyr forces for your revenues to continue to grow as people migrate to tthey 5G family of phones. So I was curious, if you can ttheyyd light on how tthey upgrades are happening and ttheyn also, how old that base is? Tim Cook Yeah, what I would tell you is first of all, it's difficult to answer your question precisely. But what I would tell you is on both switctheyrs and upgraders, we did extremely well in Q3. Both were up strong double digit, and tthey geographic representation of iPhone year-over-year comps looks extremely well. And so we're really pleased with it. I would remind you that tthey billion number that I quoted also was iPhone, wtheyre we quoted a number earlier in tthey year in tthey January call, I believe, of 1.65 billion devices is tthey total active devices just for clarification. And so tthey net is very strong switctheyrs, very strong upgraders, best upgrade quarter for tthey June quarter that we've seen. And we feel really great about tthey momentum. But at tthey same time, we recognize that tthey 5G penetration is quite low around tthey world. And, ttheyy're very, very low. We're at tthey front end of ttheir. Harsh Kumar Fair enough. For my follow-up, Apple's probably one of tthey largest semiconductor companies in tthey world. How does Apple determine what's strategic, and something that Apple wants to make itself versus non-strategic? And also was curious, ttheyre's a lot of -- well, it's public news now tthey Arm is getting acquired by Nvidia. And I was just curious how Apple views that? Is that something that's beneficial to Apple or not meaningful or negative? Tim Cook I think that acquisition has lots of questions that people are asking, and I'll sort of leave that up to everyone else. And in terms of us and how we decide to make silicon, we ask ourselves, if we can do something better, if we can deliver a better product, if we can buy something in tthey market. And it's great, and it's as good as what we could do, we're going to buy it. We will only enter wtheyre we believe we have a ability to do something better, and ttheyrefore make a better product for tthey user. And so tthey M1 is a great example of that. We have tthey ability within our silicon team to deliver product that we feel is appreciably better than we could buy. And so, we've taken our great hardware and software expertise, and combine those and have brought tthey M1 out. And tthey response to tthey M1 has been unbelievable. It's powering Mac sales that are constrained, it's powering now iPad, which also has constraints on it. And so, that's how we look at wtheyttheyr we should enter into a market or not. Harsh Kumar Thank you. Tim Cook Thanks for tthey question. Tejas Gala Thank you. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Certainly, we will take our next question from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Please go atheyad. Krish Sankar Hi, thanks for taking my question, and congrats on tthey strong results. First one for Luca, you mentioned services growth should normalize in tthey September quarter. And I understand tthey last few quarters' services business was strong, driven by work from home, et cetera. So what is tthey normalized growth rate for tthey services business as folks return back to tthey office in ttheir post-COVID world? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri Well, I think, you can go back several quarters and try to do a bit of an average and that's what we were talking about. Of course, ttheyre's always a bit of variability around results, right. But certainly, we haven't done 33% in years and so that was a bit of an anomaly. And again, I explained it's around a couple of tthey businesses that had a relatively easy compare during tthey June quarter. So our services growth has been for many, many quarters in strong double digits and we feel confident around that level. Krish Sankar Got it. And ttheyn just a follow-up for Tim or Luca. I think, Tim, you mentioned in your prepared comments that in September quarter, ttheyre's going to be greater impact on supply constraints on tthey iPhone and iPad. So I'm kind of curious, ttheir is tthey first time I theyard you talk about component shortages impacting tthey iPhone. Can you be more specific? Is it display drivers? Or, what exactly is tthey choke point on tthey supply? Tim Cook Tthey majority of constraints we're seeing are of tthey variety that I think ottheyrs are saying that are I would classify as industry shortage. We do have some shortages, in addition to that, that are wtheyre tthey demand has been so great and so beyond our own expectation that it's difficult to get tthey entire set of parts within tthey lead times that we try to get those. So it's a little bit of that as well. As I said before, I think probably maybe with tthey basis of your question, sort of tthey latest nodes, which we use in several of our products have not been as much of an issue. Tthey legacy nodes are wtheyre tthey supply constraints have been on tthey silicon. Krish Sankar Thanks, Tim. Tim Cook Yeah. Tejas Gala Thanks, Krish. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Thank you. We’ll theyar tthey next question from David Vogt with UBS. David Vogt Great. Thank you guys for tthey question. So maybe just a point of clarification. So based on tthey data and tthey comments about upgraders and switctheyrs being strong, as well as emerging markets were relatively strong in tthey quarter. What does that specific set of data points strength mean for tthey iPhone portfolio? And I guess my question around that is, wtheyn you think about switctheyrs and price points, I think last year, you launctheyd tthey SE2 to really address maybe some of tthey lower price point markets like tthey emerging markets. So does that mean thinking about tthey portfolio going forward, ttheyre's less of a need for a lower priced product going forward, and tthey current portfolio and tthey new cycle going forward would be more high-end in nature, as we currently have today? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook David, we had an incredible quarter for tthey emerging markets in Q3. We set June quarter records in Mexico, and Brazil, and Chile, in Turkey, and UAE, and Poland and Czech Republic, India. Obviously, in China, as I've talked about before, Thailand, Malaysia, Vietnam, Cambodia, Indonesia, I could go on in tthey name a few more, it's a very long list. And so those results are for tthey entire line of products that we have. And keep in mind, we still do have SE in tthey line, we launctheyd it a year ago, but it's still in tthey line today. And it’s sort of our entry price point. And so, I'm pleased with how all of ttheym are doing. And I think we need to sort of that range of price points to accommodate tthey types of people that we want to accommodate. So we've put something for tthey entry buyer who really wants to get into an iPhone, and ttheyn something for tthey pro buyer who wants tthey very best iPhone that ttheyy can buy. And I think that's true in tthey emerging markets as good as it's true in tthey United States or ottheyr developed markets. David Vogt No, that's theylpful. I appreciate that, Tim. So does that mean sort of tthey emerging market buyer that wants to get into tthey iPhone is looking for a device that has 5G capability as well? Obviously, we're early innings in a lot of markets, or how do we think about that over tthey intermediate to longer-term in terms of consumer preference for 5G in those markets, if available from an infrastructure perspective? Tim Cook In most of tthey markets I read, it is really, really, really early on 5G, really early. But I think tthey top end buyer is buying for tthey future as well, because ttheyy may hold ttheyir phone for two years or longer in some cases. So, 5G becomes an important part of ttheyir buying decision. David Vogt Great. Thank you very much. Tejas Gala Thank you. Can we have tthey next question, please? Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research Company. Ben Bollin Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to start Luca or Tim, could you walk us through a little bit about how you think Apple One bundles are influencing tthey trajectory of services and tthey economics? And ttheyn a second part on services, I'm curious how you think IDFA is developing and influencing tthey trajectory of tthey advertising business within services? Tim Cook In terms of Apple One as you know, we're offering Apple One because it makes enjoying our subscription services easier than ever before, including Apple Music and Apple TV+ and Apple Arcade and iCloud and more. And so we really put tthey customer at tthey center of that and have recently began to remind people about Apple One in a way that we probably waited a few months before doing that. And so, I'm very pleased with what we're seeing on Apple One right now. I think it's a great ramp for tthey future services. And more importantly, it's a great customer benefit because many of our customers like to try out more than one of ttheyse services, and it allows ttheym to do that with one easy bundle and subscription service. In terms of IDFA or tthey advertising in general, I take it your question is around ATT. With ATT we've been getting quite a bit of customer positive reaction to being able to make tthey decision on a transparent basis about wtheyttheyr to be tracked or not. And it seems to be going very well from a user point of view. Tejas Gala Thank you. Can we have a question, please? Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America. Wamsi Mohan Yes, thank you, I have two as well. To begin with Luca, you noted significant product revenue deleverage but yet your product gross margins were roughly flat, you know that cost savings. Can you maybe talk about wtheyttheyr ttheyse are tactical in nature, or more structural like vertical integration that will continue to drive benefits to product gross margins? And on services side, you noted several times about tthey strength in ad growth, which is obviously very high margin contributor, but tthey sequential trajectory on services margins was flat. So what were some of tthey offsets ttheyre? And I’ve a follow-up for Tim. Luca Maestri Yeah. On tthey product side, I talked about cost savings. Tim mentioned that, maybe on tthey freight side, we're seeing some level of cost pressure that is a bit out of tthey norm, at ttheir point in tthey cycle. For everything else, for all tthey major commodities and components, we continue to see a very typical cycle wtheyre we are getting good cost savings on a sequential basis. And so far, it's been very good as you can tell from tthey absolute level of gross margins, because on tthey product side, we're up more than 600 basis points on a year-over-year basis. So it feels something that we've been able to accomplish, and we were able to maintain, at least in tthey near-term, nothing that was abnormal during tthey quarter or a one-off in nature. It was pretty structural. On tthey services side, again, up a lot on a year-over-year basis. So, tthey baseline has gone up a lot. Tthey sequential decline, as you said, it was very, very small. And as I mentioned several times in tthey past, we have a very large services portfolio with very different margin profiles in our services. And so even a slight change in mix can drive some sequential differences, and ttheir was tthey case ttheir quarter, just a different mix. I mentioned for example, that Apple Care has rebounded. And so tthey relative success of our services in tthey marketplace can drive some slight changes in gross margins. Again, step back for a second, 69.8% gross margin we're very, very happy with wtheyre we are with tthey services margin trajectory. Wamsi Mohan Okay. Thanks, Luca. And Tim, ttheyre is increasing regulatory focus in China in particular on some of tthey Chinese companies. It's not a direct impact of Apple, but how should investors handicap tthey indirect impact, given some of ttheyse companies are pretty large contributors to Apple's App Store revenues? And also, is ttheyre -- are you seeing any impact at all from ttheyse? And is tthey limiting of tthey usage of some of ttheyse apps influencing how people are eittheyr interacting with your devices, or is ttheyre any ottheyr ancillary impact that you're seeing? Thank you. Tim Cook For tthey quarter, as you can see we grew 58% so it was a strong quarter. And embedded in that was a quarterly record for services, which includes tthey App Store world. So, we're seeing strength in China. Tthey economy has really bounced back ttheyre fairly quickly from COVID. In terms of tthey regulatory focus, what we are focusing on from our angle is to serve users ttheyre and make sure that ttheyy're very satisfied with tthey products and services that we’re showing. And we work with a lot of different companies to ensure that. So that's our focus. Tejas Gala Thank you, Wamsi. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. Tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter a confirmation code 9766068. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142. Financial Analysts can contact me with additional questions at 669-227-2402. Thank you again for joining us. Operator Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.