Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 1, 2018 5:00 PM ET Executives Frank Paxton - Senior Director of Investor Relations Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Shannon Cross - Cross Research Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Toni Sacconaghi - Bernstein Jack Martin - Needham and Company Steve Milunovich - UBS Amit Daryanani - RBC Capital Markets Operator Good day. And welcome to ttheir Apple Incorporated First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn tthey call over to Frank Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Frank Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple CEO, Tim Cook and they’ll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. After that, we’ll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you will theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements including, without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocations and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. And I'd like to remind that tthey quarter we’re reporting today included 13-weeks, wtheyreas tthey quarter we reported a year ago included 14-weeks. And I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thanks, Frank and thanks everyone on tthey call, and welcome to everyone today. Before we dive into tthey quarter, I'd like to take a moment to talk about a significant milestone we recently crossed. Apple's active installed base reactheyd 1.3 billion devices in January and is at an all-time high for all of our major products. 1.3 billion devices represents an astonishing 30% growth in just two years. It speaks to tthey strength and reliability of our products and our ecosystem, as well as tthey loyalty, satisfaction and engagement of our customers. It's also fueling tremendous growth in our services business, which I’ll talk about a little later in tthey call. Turning to tthey December quarter. We're thrilled to report Apple's biggest quarter ever, which set new all-time records in both revenue and earnings. We generated revenue of $88.3 billion, which is above tthey high-end of our guidance range, and it is up almost $10 billion or 13% over tthey previous all-time record we set a year ago. It's also our fifth consecutive quarter of accelerating revenue growth with double digit growth in each of our geographic segments around tthey world. What makes us even more remarkable is that tthey quarter we're reporting today was 13-weeks long, while tthey year ago quarter was 14-weeks. Wtheyn we look at tthey average revenue per week in tthey December quarter ttheir year compared to last year, our growth was a stunning 21%. Our growth was broad-based and a key driver was iPhone, which generated its higtheyst revenue ever. iPhone X was tthey best-selling smartphone in tthey world in tthey December quarter according to Canalys, and it has been our top selling phone every week since it launctheyd. iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus rounded out tthey top three iPhones in tthey quarter. In fact, revenue for our newly launctheyd iPhones was tthey higtheyst of any lineup in our theirtory, driving total Apple revenue above our guidance range. I want to take a moment to recognize tthey tremendous amount of work that went into creating iPhone X. Our teams carried out an extremely complex launch from both an engineering and operations perspective, executing an outstanding product ramp that required years of research and development; one that introduced innovative features like an edge-to-edge Super Retina Display and tthey TrueDepth Camera, which enables Face ID. Our customers love ttheyse new features and tthey new gestures like simply swiping up from tthey bottom, which make using iPhone even more intuitive and enjoyable. Our team has put tthey technology of tomorrow in our customers’ hands today, set a standard for tthey next decade of smartphones and we are very proud of ttheyir achievements. It was anottheyr very strong quarter for services with revenue of $8.5 billion, up 18% over last year, and we’re on pace to achieve our goal of doubling our 2016 services revenue by 2020. Tthey number of paid subscriptions across our services offerings passed 240 million by tthey end of tthey December quarter, that’s an increase of 30 million in tthey last 90 days alone, which is tthey largest quarterly growth ever. We had an all-time record quarter for tthey App Store with our best holiday season ever. We’re seeing great excitement around augmented reality with customers now enjoying over 2,000 ARKit enabled app, spanning every category in tthey App Store. In December, wtheyn Pokémon GO released its new augmented reality features built with ARKit, it jumped tthey top of tthey App Store charts. Last week, on a stop in Toronto, I met developers who are hard at work on creative applications using ARKit from art appreciation to ecommerce, and I was very impressed with what I saw. Just four months after ARKit launctheyd to tthey public, we’ve already released ARKit 1.5 in beta to developers around tthey world, and tthey response has been tremendous. Augmented reality is going to revolutionize many of tthey experiences we have with mobile devices. And with ARKit, we’re giving developers tthey most advanced tools on tthey market to create apps for tthey most advanced operating system running on tthey most advanced hardware. Ttheir is something only Apple can do. In addition to tthey App Store, several ottheyr services had a biggest quarter ever, including Apple Music, iCloud and Apple Pay, all of which saw growth in both active users and revenue. Apple Pay has reactheyd an important milestone in tthey U.S. As a result of 50% year-over-year growth in merchant adoption, it’s now accepted at more than half of all American retail locations, which includes more than two-thirds of tthey country’s top 100 retailers. Now available in 20 markets, global Apple Pay purchase volume more than tripled year-over-year and we’re delighted to be expanding to Brazil in tthey coming months. Today, you can use Apple Pay to take a subway in Guangzhou, China, see a concert at London’s Wembley Stadium or buy a souvenir in Yosemite National Park. In tthey U.S., we launctheyd Apple Pay Cash in December, and it’s off to a terrific start. Millions of people are already using it to send and receive money with friends and family quickly, easily and securely; to split a bill, pay someone back, or send last minute gift right from tthey messages app. It was our best quarter ever for tthey Apple Watch with over 50% growth in revenue and units for tthey fourth quarter in a row and strong double-digit growth in every geographic segment. Sales of Apple Watch Series 3 models were also more than twice tthey volume of Series 2 a year ago. Apple Watch is tthey most popular, smart watch in tthey world and gained market share during tthey quarter based on tthey latest estimates from IDC. It was tthey third consecutive quarter of growth for iPad revenue, thanks to tthey strength of both iPad and iPad Pro. Based on tthey latest data from IDC, we gained share in nearly every market we track with strong outperformance in emerging markets. Worldwide, almost half of our iPad sales were tthey first-time tablet buyers or those switching to Apple, and that’s true in some of our most developed markets, including Japan and France. In China, new and switching users made up over 70% of all iPad sales. For Mac, we launctheyd tthey all new, iMac Pro in mid-December. It’s an entirely new product line designed for our Pro users who love tthey all-in-one design of iMac and require workstation class performance. It's tthey fastest, most powerful Mac ever, delivering incredible computational power, for simulation and real time 3D rendering, immersive VR and complex photography audio and video projects. Worldwide, 60% of our Mac sales were to first time buyers and switctheyrs and in China, that number was almost 90%. We're looking forward to getting HomePod in customers’ hands beginning next week. HomePod is an innovative wireless speaker, which delivers stunning audio quality wtheyrever its placed in tthey home, thanks to tthey advanced Apple engineered hardware and software. Togettheyr with Apple Music, HomePod gives you instant access to one of tthey world's largest music catalogs. And with tthey intelligence of Siri, it’s a powerful assistant you control through natural voice interaction. We're very happy with tthey initial response from reviewers who've experienced HomePod atheyad of its launch, and we think our customers are going to love ttheir new product. We believe one of tthey key issues of tthey 21st century is education. And because of that, we've strengttheyned our commitment and investment into initiatives like everyone can code. To find tthey innovators of tthey future, we need to nurture tthey students of today. Our App Development with Swift curriculum, which is available free on iBooks, has been downloaded more than 1.2 million times worldwide with almost half of those coming from theyre in tthey United States. It’s also being taught in dozens of community colleges across tthey country, putting practical skills in tthey hands of today’s jobs seekers. I was in London two weeks ago as we announced that tthey program was expanding to more than 70 colleges and universities in Europe. Millions of students around tthey world will have tthey opportunity to add Swift to ttheyir coding vocabulary and gain skills that are essential for today’s economy. Ttheir is an exciting time at Apple and with tthey best lineup of products and services we've ever had and a set of initiatives that show how business can be a force for good in tthey world. We could not be more excited about our future. Now, for more details on tthey December quarter results, I'd like to turn over tthey call to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Our business and financial performance in tthey December quarter were exceptional, as we set new all-time records for revenue, operating income, net income and earnings per share. Starting with revenue, we’re reporting an all-time record, $88.3 billion, up nearly $10 billion or 13% over tthey prior record set last year. It is our fifth consecutive quarter of accelerating revenue growth. As you know, tthey December quarter a year ago spanned 14-weeks compared to 13-weeks ttheir year, which is important to consider as we assess tthey underlying performance of our business ttheir year. Wtheyn we look at average revenue per week, our growth rate was even higtheyr at 21% with growth across all product categories for tthey third consecutive quarter. Our results were terrific all around tthey world with double digit revenue growth in all our geographic segments, an all-time quarterly record in tthey vast majority of markets we track, including tthey U.S., Western Europe, Japan, Canada Australia and Korea, as well as Mainland China, Latin America, Tthey Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe, and India. In Greater China, we were very happy to generate double digit revenue growth for tthey second quarter in a row and in emerging markets outside of Greater China, we saw 25% year-over-year growth. Gross margin was 38.4% at tthey high end of our guidance range. Operating margin was 29.8% of revenue. Our net income was $20.1 billion an all-time record, and up $2.2 billion over tthey last year. Diluted earnings per share were $3.89 also an all-time record and cash flow from operations was very strong of $28.3 billion. During tthey quarter, we sold 77.3 million iPhones, tthey higtheyst number ever for a 13-week quarter. Average weekly iPhone sales were up 6% compared to December quarter last year with growth in every region of tthey world despite tthey staggered launch of iPhone X. We establittheyyd all-time iPhone revenue record in nearly every market we track with double-digit growth in all of our geographic segments. iPhone ASP increased to $796 from $695 a year ago, driven primarily by tthey launch of iPhone X and tthey success of iPhone 8 and 8 Plus. We exited tthey December quarter towards tthey lower end of our target range of five to seven weeks of iPhone channel inventory with less than 1 million more iPhones in tthey channel compared to tthey December quarter a year ago, in line with our growth in average weekly unit sales. Customer interest and satisfaction with iPhone are very, very strong for both consumers and business users. Tthey latest data from 451 Research indicates U.S. customer satisfaction ratings of 96% or higtheyr across iPhone models. In fact, combining iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus and iPhone X, consumers reported an amazing 99% satisfaction rating. And among business customers planning to purchase smartphones in tthey next quarter, 77% planned to purchase iPhone. Our customers are also incredibly loyal with Comcast latest U.S. research, reflecting a 96% iPhone loyalty rate, tthey higtheyst ever measured. Turning to services. We had a terrific quarter with revenue of $8.5 billion, up 18% year-over-year and up 27% in terms of average revenue per week; that is an acceleration to tthey 24% services growth run rate that we experienced in tthey September quarter. Tthey App Store set a new all-time revenue record. Tthey Store’s all-new design is off to a fantastic start with quarterly store visitors, transacting accounts and paying accounts, reaching new all-time highs. During tthey week beginning December 24th, a record number of customers made purchases or downloaded Apps from tthey App Store, spending over $890 million in that seven-day period, followed by $300 million in purchases on New Year’s day alone. And according to App Paulie’s latest report, tthey App Store continues to be tthey preferred destination for customer purchases by a very wide margin, generating nearly twice tthey revenue of Google Play. Across all our services offerings, paid subscriptions reactheyd $240 million with growth of 58% over last year and ttheyy were a major contributor to tthey overall strong growth in services revenue. As Tim mentioned, it was our best quarter ever for Apple Watch. And wtheyn we add tthey results from Beats and AirPods, our total revenue from wearables was up almost 70% year-over-year. In fact, wearables were tthey second largest contributor to revenue growth after iPhone, which is impressive for a business that started only three years ago. In total, our ottheyr products category set a new all-time record with quarterly revenue exceeding $5 billion for tthey first time. Next, I’d like to talk about tthey Mac. We sold 5.1 million Macs during tthey December quarter, which translates to 2% year-over-year increase in average sales per week. Mac performance was particularly strong in emerging markets with unit sales up 13% year-over-year and with all-time records in Latin America, in India, Turkey and Central and Eastern Europe. On a worldwide basis, tthey active install base of Macs was up double-digits year-over-year to a new record. It was also anottheyr growth quarter for iPad. We sold 13.2 million units with average iPad sales per week up 8% over last year’s December quarter. iPad sales grew strong double-digits in many emerging markets, including Latin America, tthey Middle East, Central and Eastern Europe and India, as well as developed markets, including Japan, Australia and Korea. Tthey active install base of iPad has grown every quarter since its launch in 2010, and it reactheyd a new all-time high in December, thanks to extremely high customer loyalty and large numbers of first-time iPad users. NPD indicates that iPad had 46% share of tthey U.S. tablet market in tthey December quarter, up from 36% share a year ago. And tthey most recent surveys from 451 Research found that among customers planning to purchase tablets within 90 days, 72% of consumers and 68% of business users planned to purchase iPads. Customer satisfaction is also very high with businesses reporting a 99% satisfaction rating for iPad. We are seeing great traction in enterprise as businesses across industries and around tthey world standardize on iOS. For example, Intesa Sanpaolo, one of Europe’s leading banks, has chosen iOS as tthey mobile standard for its entire 70,000 employee base in Italy; choosing iOS for its security, user interface, accessibility and reliability, Intesa Sanpaolo will deploy native apps to improve employee productivity in customer support, human resources, and marketing across tthey company. And LensCrafters, one of tthey largest optical retail brands in North America, will be using over 7,000 iPad Pros to enable digital eye exams and digital optical measurements in a personalized and interactive experience. We’re also rolling out a new initiative, called Apple at Work to theylp businesses implement employee choice programs more easily and offer Apple products company-wide. Resources from both Apple and our channel partners will enable enterprise IT and procurement teams to buy or lease Apple products more efficiently, streamline tthey setup of iPhone, iPad, and Mac, and deliver a seamless onboarding experience for employees. We launctheyd tthey program with CDW in tthey U.S. last week, and we would be expanding to more channels and regions later ttheir year. Tthey December quarter was extremely busy for our retail and online stores, which welcomed 538 million visitors. Traffic was particularly strong during tthey four-weeks following tthey launch of iPhone X, up 46% over last year. And across tthey quarter, our stores conducted over 200,000 Today at Apple sessions, covering topics including photography, music, gaming, and app development, and art and design. Just last weekend, we opened our first store in Seoul, Korea and we’re looking forward to opening our first store in Austria in a few weeks. Ttheyse newest openings will mark tthey expansion of our retail store presence to 21 countries. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with $285.1 billion in cash plus marketable securities, a sequential increase of $16.2 billion. $269 billion of ttheir cash, or 94% of tthey total, was outside tthey United States. We issued $7 billion in debt during tthey quarter, bringing us to $110 billion in term-debt and $12 billion in commercial paper outstanding, for a total net cash position of $163 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter. We also returned $14.5 billion to investors during tthey quarter. We paid $3.3 billion in dividends and equivalents, and spent $5.1 billion on repurchases of 30.2 million Apple shares through open market transactions. We launctheyd a new $5 billion ASR program, resulting in initial delivery and retirement of 23.6 million shares and we retired 3.8 million shares upon tthey completion of our 12th ASR during tthey quarter. We’ve now completed over $248 billion of our $300 billion capital return program, including $176 billion in share repurchases against our announced $210 billion buyback program with $34 billion remaining under our current authorization. Turning to taxes. Due to tthey recently enacted legislation in tthey U.S., we estimate making a corporate income tax payment of approximately $38 billion to tthey U.S. government on our cumulative past foreign earnings. Ttheir amount is very similar to what we had been accruing on those earnings in our financial results through fiscal year 2017. Including tthey $38 billion payment, we will have paid over $110 billion of corporate income tax on our total domestic and foreign earnings during tthey last 10 years for a cash tax rate of about 26%. Our tax rate of 25.8% for tthey December quarter was close to our guidance of 25.5% as tthey lower U.S. statutory rate from tthey new legislation was effectively offset by tthey remeasurement of deferred tax balances. As we move atheyad into tthey March quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey types of forward looking information that Frank referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call; we expect revenue to be between $60 billion and $62 billion; we expect gross margin to be between 38% and 38.5%; we expect OpEx to be between $7.6 billion and $7.7 billion; we expect OI&E to be about $300 million; and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 15%. Tax reform will allow us to pursue a more optimal capital structure for our company. Our current net cash position is $163 billion. And given tthey increased financial and operational flexibility from tthey access to our foreign cash, we are targeting to become approximately net cash neutral over time. We will provide an update to our specific capital allocation plans wtheyn we report results for our second fiscal quarter, consistent with tthey timing of updates that we have provided in tthey past. Finally, today our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.63 per share of common stock, payable on February 15, 2018, to shareholders of record as of February 12, 2018. With that, I’d like to open tthey call to questions. Frank Paxton Thank you, Luca. And we ask that you limit yourself to one one-part question and one follow-up. May we have tthey first question please? Question-and-Answer Session  Operator Thank you. Our first question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross Luca, I wanted to talk a little bit about, more about your comments on capital structure. I realize you don't want to give any specifics about what you're actually going to return in tthey timing. But just maybe if you can talk about how much cash you think you need to have theyre on tthey business? And ttheyn in terms of ongoing cash flow, since toe overseas cash flow no longer be encumbered, does that change your thought process, in general? And ttheyn I have a follow up. Thank you. Luca Maestri Of course, we've been talking about tthey importance of tax reform over tthey years, because we believe it's really beneficial to tthey U.S. economy. What it means to us as a company of course is that, we have additional flexibility right now from tthey access to tthey foreign cash. And in tthey past, we've been addressing ttheir issue by having to raise debt as tthey cash was overseas; tthey majority of tthey cash was overseas. And so we are now in a position wtheyre we have $285 billion of cash, we've got $122 billion of debt for a net cash of $163 billion. We have now tthey flexibility to deploy ttheir capital. We will do that overtime, because tthey amount is very large. As I said earlier, we will be discussing capital allocation plans wtheyn we review our March quarter results. And wtheyn you look at our track record of what we’ve done over tthey last several years, you’ve seen that effectively we were returning to our investors essentially about 100% of our free cash flow. And so that is tthey approach that we’re going to be taking. We’re going to be very thoughtful and deliberate about it. Obviously, we want to make tthey right decisions in tthey best interest of our long-term shareholders. Shannon Cross And ttheyn, Tim, maybe could you talk a little bit more about what you’re theyaring from customers in terms of tthey iPhone demand. How you’re thinking about tthey potential decay rate, for lack of a better term, with tthey high-end phones and over $1,000 phone versus balancing that with now your ability to ship phones down below $400, because you’ve expanded tthey product line so much wtheyn you launctheyd your phones in 2017? Thank you. TimCook Tthey revenue growth from iPhone across all tthey geographic segments was in tthey double-digits. And I think as Luca said earlier, wtheyn you change that for an average weekly sales basis, it’s actually 22%. And so it was a stellar quarter for iPhone. Tthey iPhone X was tthey most popular and that’s particularly noteworthy given that we didn’t start shipping until early November, and we’re constrained for a while. Tthey team did a great job of getting into supply demand balance ttheyre in December. But since tthey launch of iPhone X, it has been tthey most popular iPhone every week, every week sales. And that is even through today, actually through January. And so we feel fantastic about tthey results. Tthey most important thing for us is that really tthey number, it’s customer satisfaction. And customer satisfaction is literally off tthey charts on iPhone X. We think about tthey advances in technology that were a part of tthey iPhone X from -- we went from Touch ID to Face ID; Face ID has been incredibly well received; tthey wireless charging, tthey edge to edge super retina display; and totally new gestures, tthey user experience is different. And so it’s great to get that kind of feedback. If you look at tthey tthey overall iPhone line to get to tthey essence of tthey question, I think. I looked -- I reviewed tthey top many markets, I’ll talk briefly about tthey top four. In Urban China and tthey U.S., tthey top five smartphones last quarter were all iPhones. And in Japan and tthey UK, six of tthey top seven were iPhones. And so in a market that is as large as tthey smartphone market is, people want some level of choice and ttheyy’re deciding which ones to buy. But we feel fantastic, particularly as it pertains to iPhone X. Operator Next, we’ll go Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Growing double-digits of such a large revenue base is impressive in itself. But if I look at March quarter guidance, it does assume a slower average weekly growth in total revenue, as well as, I think on my math, iPhone shipments wtheyn you compare it to tthey December quarter. So just how should we read into a modest slowdown in average weekly growth as it relates to tthey last question around tthey decay of demand around tthey higtheyr priced products? Or any impact that you might be seeing from tthey lower-priced battery replacements or anything else in tthey market? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Luca Maestri We are guiding to $62 billion. It's a strong double-digit growth, 13% to 17%. In context, it's $7 billion to $9 billion above last year. So wtheyn you put things in perspective and you add tthey $10 billion of growth that we had in tthey first quarter and tthey $7 billion to $9 billion that we're guiding to for tthey second quarter, you're talking about $17 billion to $19 billion of growth in six months. Ttheir is at tthey macro level. We typically don't go into ttheir level of detail, but think it's important ttheir quarter to give you additional color. And maybe tthey two most important messages are that we believe iPhone revenue will grow double digits as compared to last year, during tthey March quarter. And also and importantly that iPhone sell-through growth on a year-over-year basis will be actually accelerating during tthey March quarter as compared to tthey December quarter. Let me explain tthey factors that we took into consideration as we came up with our iPhone units and ASP that are embedded in our guidance. Historically, because tthey channel fill and tthey holiday season, our selling volume during tthey December quarter is generally higtheyr than sell-through. Ttheir year, tthey difference was furttheyr magnified, because we shipped iPhone X in November rattheyr than tthey September quarter. We had a very successful product ramp. We were able to reach supply/demand balance in December, which placed tthey entirety of our channel fill for iPhone X in Q1 and ttheir will have an effect on both units and ASP in Q2. Now, for units, ttheyre is a second point to consider. We typically reduced channel inventory for our newest iPhones in Q2, because ttheyy enjoy very large demand in tthey initial weeks of sales, which are compounded by tthey holiday season in Q1. So we anticipate doing that in Q2 ttheir year as well. For ASPs, ttheyre's also anottheyr element that we need to consider. As you know, our newest products ttheir year have a higtheyr ASP than ttheyy had in tthey past. And so as a result, as we reduce inventories of ttheyse newest products, tthey overall ASPs for iPhone in Q2 will naturally decline sequentially by a higtheyr percentage than we have experienced theirtorically. So in summary, our guidance for iPhone; we got double digit year-over-year growth and acceleration of sell-through growth on a year-over-year basis. For tthey balance of tthey Company, in tthey aggregate, we expect to grow strong double-digits year-over-year and particularly very strong performance in service and in wearables like we’ve seen during tthey December quarter. I hope ttheir theylps. Katy Huberty Yes, that's great color. Just a follow-up on gross margin. Guidance for flat gross margin in March is pretty seasonal, but you do have tthey tailwind from currency. And so if you can just comment on how you think that flows into tthey model over tthey next couple of quarters, tthey weaker dollar. And what your outlook might be around component costs in tthey near future. Thank you. Luca Maestri Let me walk you through tthey sequential first. So we’re guiding about flat sequentially in spite of tthey loss of leverage. That is tthey largest element that we need to take into account because of our typical seasonality. And we expect to offset tthey seasonality impact with cost improvements and with mix. FX on a sequential basis is fairly muted, because as you know, we've got a theydging program that protects us from tthey volatility of currencies in tthey short term. Certainly, weaker dollar in tthey long term, if it holds, will be a positive but it's not something that you're going to be seeing translating to gross margin tailwind quickly. And so I think we need to keep that in mind. We also need to keep in mind that we continue to experience a difficult memory pricing environment, which we think is going to start improving as we move into tthey second half of our fiscal year. But it still has a negative impact in tthey March quarter. Operator Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray has our next question. Mike Olson I know you don't talk about future products, which is often presses to questions about future products and I'll give it a shot. Wtheyn you think conceptually about tthey path for iPhone X Style devices going forward. Is ttheyre any reason tthey roadmap wouldn’t consists of multiple devices as we’ve seen with past iPhone upgrades? In ottheyr words, tthey 10 was unique amongst recent iPhone launctheys, because it's a singular device, potentially limiting tthey shots on go for upgrades given limited options. How do you think about that, going forward? And ttheyn I have a follow up. TimCook Mike, you did a good job of answering your question. I think at tthey beginning, we don’t really comment on future products. But I would tell you that we’re thrilled with tthey reception of iPhone X. And as we said wtheyn we launctheyd it, we were setting up tthey next decade. And that is how we look at it. And so that's tthey reason it's chockfull of incredible innovation. And so you can bet that we're pulling that string. Mike Olson And ttheyn how you're think about AR beyond iPhone? You've created tthey world's largest AR platform. You've got developers generating a wide variety of apps. I realized it's still early days. But do you see Apple as a provider of a larger ecosystem of AR-enabled device beyond iPhone and iPad in tthey coming years? Or should investors focus on tthey opportunity within your existing device portfolio for at least tthey foreseeable future? Thanks. TimCook I see AR as being profound. I think, AR has tthey ability to amplify human performance instead of isolating humans. And so I am a huge, huge believer in AR. We put a lot of energy on AR removing very fast. We've gone from ARkit 1.0 to 1.5 in just a matter of months. I couldn't be happier with tthey rate and face of tthey developer community, how faster developing ttheyse things. And I don’t want to say what we may do. But I could not be happier with how things are going right now. Operator And next we’ll go to Toni Sacconaghi from Bernstein. Toni Sacconaghi I have a question and follow-up. You commented on how your install based over tthey last couple of years has grown 30%. And iPhone is clearly tthey largest component of that, and so iPhone install base is probably growing close to that number perhaps last, call it 20% through 25%. Yet, if we look at iPhone unit growth for fiscal ’18 what’s implied with your guidance fiscal ’17 and fiscal ’16, it’s been relatively flat. So you have an install base that’s 20% plus higtheyr, and a unit growth that relatively flat, which would suggest that your upgrade rate is going down or your replacement cycle is elongating. And I’m wondering wtheyttheyr you agree with that and wtheyttheyr investors should be worried about that. And maybe if I could just add one ottheyr wrinkle to potentially get your response on is. Given consumers’ theyightened awareness of ttheyir ability to replace batteries going forward as opposed to upgrades. Isn’t that also something that investors should potentially be concerned about in terms of its impact on upgrade rate going forward? And ttheyn believe or not, I have a follow-up. TimCook Ttheir is up to investors as to what things ttheyy would like to focus on, so I don’t want to put myself in tthey position of that. Tthey way that I look at ttheir and tthey numbers you’ve quoted have a different view of ttheym. But generally what we see with iPhone is tthey reliability of iPhone is fantastic. Tthey second or tthey previously owned market has expanded in units over tthey years. And you see in many cases, carriers and retailers having very vibrant programs around trading an iPhone in. And because iPhone has tthey largest residual rate on it, it acts as a buffer for tthey customer to buy new one and it lines up with anottheyr customer somewtheyre else that is perfectly fine with having a previously owned iPhone. And so I view all of that to be incredibly positive. It’s more people on iPhones tthey better. I would like to point out that tthey ever year major product hit a high on tthey active install base. And so that’s iPad, it’s Mac and those are huge numbers as well. And so as we’ve always said, ttheyre is a large part of tthey -- or tthey vast majority of tthey services are mapped to tthey install base instead of tthey quarterly sales. And ttheir quarter is no different on that. On tthey battery, Toni, we did not consider in any way, shape, or form, what it would do to upgrade rates. We did it because we thought it was tthey right thing to do for our customers. And sitting theyre today, I don't know what effect it will have. And again, it’s not -- was not in our thought process of deciding to do what we've done. Toni Sacconaghi And just a follow-up, maybe I could clarify two little things. One, Luca, on tax rate, you talked about 15% for Q2. Is that how we should think about tthey tax rate on an ongoing basis? And ttheyn just back to you on your response, Tim, I guess maybe you could just comment on wtheyttheyr you believe tthey upgrade rate has decreased over tthey last couple of years, because again, just mechanically install base is growing 20 and units are relatively flat over that period. Isn't that telling tthey install base is -- upgrade rate is going down, or am I not thinking about ottheyr considerations? Thank you. Luca Maestri Toni, on tthey tax rate, I will make two comments. First of all, tthey new tax law in tthey United States is complex. And I think we, as many ottheyr companies, are really trying to absorb what ttheir all means. And I think we're going to be receiving, over tthey next few months, implementation guidance. So we've taken some provisional estimates in coming up with our tax entries for tthey quarter, and we will have to do that as we go forward theyre during tthey year. So it may be a bit bumpy in tthey short-term as we understand tthey law in full, and it actually gets explained in full. But I would say that for tthey current fiscal year, tthey guidance that we provided for Q2 should be approximately what you should be seeing. As we get into new fiscal year, so many things change and we need to take that into account, tthey geographic mix of our products and so on. But I would say for tthey remainder of tthey year, it's what we’re guide to. Tim Cook I think on tthey replacement cycle, Toni, tthey answer is, probably looks different by geography. In those geographies that had, in tthey early days of tthey smartphone market, had very traditional subsidies wtheyre you paid $199 out tthey door or $99 or whatever. I think it's accurate to save those type of markets. Tthey replacement cycle is likely longer. Wtheyre that isn't tthey case, I am not nearly as sure on that. I would point out that that happened some time ago and so it's very difficult currently to ever get a real time handle on replacement rate, because you obviously not -- you don't know tthey replacement rate for tthey products you're currently selling, you only know that in an theirtorical sense. So it's not something that we are overly fixate on. Operator Next question comes from Jack Martin from Needham. Jack Martin I love tthey 1.3 billion devices you gave us, updating from two years ago. And I’d love tthey onramp as you spread out tthey pricing. Do you get a sense that we have more unique users in that 1.3 billion than we had unique users back ttheyre in 2016? Tim Cook Jack, I missed tthey first part of that, you broke up on tthey phone. Jack Martin So we have 1.3 billion [technical difficulty] unique users or I mean fewer products, so we have a higtheyr percentage of unique [users] in tthey 1.3 devices and more in tthey billion devices. Is it a [technical difficulty] are ttheyy…. Tim Cook Jack, you're cutting in and out. But I'm going to take a swing at what I think you're asking. I think you're asking, are ttheyre more active users today than ttheyre were two years ago wtheyn we had 1 billion active devices. And tthey answer is absolutely, ttheyre are many, many more. Jack Martin Yes, I was asking as a percent, tthey ownership. You see 1.4 billion devices owned per person. Do you think it's now 1.2 billion or 1.6 billion? Tim Cook Well, that 1.4 billion, I don't know wtheyre that came from. It did not come from Apple. And so that's one of tthey things that kind of flowed out ttheyre. And I want to divorce Apple from that number. We’re not releasing a user number, because we think that tthey proper way to look at it is to look at active devices. It's also tthey one that is tthey most accurate for us to measure. And so that's our thinking behind ttheyre. Jack Martin Switctheyrs in tthey quarter, you often give us switctheyrs. Tim Cook It is so early on ttheir product cycle, particularly with tthey iPhone X only starting in November that we do not feel we have data at ttheir point that would be very meaningful to share. And so I'll pump that question until next time around. Operator Next we'll go to Steve Milunovich from UBS. Steve Milunovich Tim, you said you don't want to tell investors what to do. But tthey first point you made was talking about tthey size of tthey install base. Later you've talked about tthey importance of customer satisfaction. Given that ttheir doesn't look like a super-cycle in terms of unit growth, are you nudging us to focus on tthey size of tthey install base, tthey annuity opportunity theyre? And do you have confidence that you can monetize that install base through additional hardware and services? Tim Cook What I said on tthey investor part is that I think every investor has to look at ttheyir own situation and conclude tthey things that ttheyy think are important. What I think is important, I think tthey active devices are hugely important and that's tthey reason that we released tthey number two years ago, and tthey reason that we’re releasing that again today. That number speaks to tthey strength of tthey product tthey loyalty of tthey customer, tthey strength of tthey ecosystem. And so we do put a lot of weight behind that. And it obviously also fuels tthey services business. So I have long believed that on 90 day clock on unit sales is a very surface way to view Apple. I think that tthey far bigger thing is to look over a longer period of time. And customer satisfaction and engagement and number of active devices are all part of that. Steve Milunovich And could you address tthey positioning of HomePod? What category is it in, is it a music speaker, is it a home system, since people seem to be trying to position it versus Amazon and Google’s offerings? And is tthey target market primarily Apple Music users? Tim Cook HomePod is an incredible product that is a unbelievable audio experience in a very small form factor with a super digital assistant in Siri that knows an enormous amount of music. But also can handle request to like home automation to close your garage door, open your door, turn tthey light on, turn tthey fireplace on, change tthey ttheyrmostat, all of tthey things that you would like to do in home automation. But takes it furttheyr, because we think do it right from tthey home app instead of seeing. So you can see, theyy Siri, I’m reading and your room will change to tthey things you would like happening in that particular room for wtheyn you read, maybe it’s a particular light, maybe it’s a type of light, maybe it’s tthey fireplace, so on and so forth. It also, obviously, you can also do things with HomePod like use it as a speaker phone. And so if you’re talking to your parents or ttheyy’re talking to ttheyir grand kids, its unbelievable audio quality for speaker phone. You can also have Siri call for you, you can send messages, you can get a Uber car or a Lyft car. And so ttheyre is just a whole variety of things. And so I think tthey use cases on ttheir much like our phones will be broad based. Some people will use it significantly for music and ottheyrs may use it significantly for as a digital assistance; and I think tthey majority of people will likely use all of it and use all of tthey functionality of it. Operator Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets. Amit Daryanani I have two questions as well. I guess first one. Could you just touch on what you’re seeing in China in terms of underlying trends, right now? I think growth was up double-digit year-over-year but essentially in line to what you saw in September. I would have thought that would have accelerated a little bit with iPhone X. Just tthey puts and takes in China will be great. Tim Cook It’s a good question. Keep in mind that ttheir year had 13 weeks, last year had 14 weeks. And so even though we were reporting a similar year-over-year growth for Greater China, if you change that reporting to an average weekly sales, which probably is much better way to look at it, ttheyre was actually a really nice acceleration. And specifically tthey numbers ttheir quarter as reported are 11% increase for Greater China year-over-year but on an average weekly revenue basis, we were up 19%. Also Mainland China, we had an all-time record for revenue in Mainland China. And of course a key part of that was iPhone. And as I’ve mentioned before, Kantar reported that tthey top five selling smartphones in urban China were all iPhones. And so we could not be more pleased with how we're doing. And if you look at tthey ottheyr -- we obviously grew share for iPhone in tthey quarter, but we also grew share in iPad and Mac during tthey quarter and wearables were extremely strong ttheyre in tthey quarter. And so everywtheyre I look, I feel really good about how we're doing in China. Amit Daryanani Luca, maybe a question for you. Wtheyn you talked about reducing Apple's net cash levels to zero effectively over time, I think that implies -- tthey number goes from $163 billion today to something like zero. What does over time mean for Apple? Is that one year, three years, 10 years, or how do you define over time? And does ttheir change your thoughts around M&A at all, and is that one reason to get that number from $163 billion to zero. Does it change your M&A thought process? Luca Maestri Let me answer, Amit, starting with M&A. Our thought process around M&A has always been tthey same, and really doesn't change. We've been acquiring companies over tthey years. In calendar 2017, we've acquired 19 companies. And tthey thought process is always to acquire something that allows us to eittheyr accelerate our product roadmaps, filling gap in our portfolio, providing a new experience to customers. So it's always with tthey customer experience in mind that we make acquisitions. We look at all sizes, and we will continue to do so. We have plenty of financial flexibility, of course. We had that even prior to tax reform. And as I said, we will talk about capital allocation plans wtheyn we report at tthey March quarter and that will include talking about timeframes and pace and so on. And so we’ll try to be to be very thoughtful. As we said, $163 billion is a large amount and ttheyre are even practical considerations around it. So we'll see. Tim Cook And just for clarity, let me add one thing. What Luca is saying is not cash equals zero. He's saying ttheyre's an equal amount cash and debt, and that ttheyy balance to zero. Just for clarity. Frank Paxton Thank you, Amit. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. And tthey numbers for tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, and please enter confirmation code 4783460. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406, and I'm at 408-974-5420. And thanks again for joining us. Operator That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.