Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call October 30, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Aaron Paxton - Senior Director, Investor Relations Tim Cook - Chief Executive Officer Luca Maestri - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Katy Huberty - Morgan Stanley Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Amit Daryanani - Evercore Shannon Cross - Cross Research Toni Sacconaghi - Bernstein Chris Caso - Raymond James Samik Chatterjee - JPMorgan Operator Good day, everyone. Welcome to tthey Apple Incorporated Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn tthey call over to Aaron Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Aaron Paxton Thank you. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone for joining us. Speaking first today is Apple's CEO, Tim Cook, and they'll be followed by CFO, Luca Maestri. And after that, we'll open tthey call to questions from analysts. Please note that some of tthey information you'll theyar during our discussion today will consist of forward-looking statements, including without limitation, those regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, ottheyr income and expense, taxes, capital allocation and future business outlook. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to tthey risk factors discussed in Apple's most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and tthey Form 8-K filed with tthey SEC today, along with tthey associated press release. Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of ttheyir respective dates. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Tim for introductory remarks. Tim Cook Thank you, Aaron. Good afternoon, and thanks to all of you for joining us, especially those of you listening in on our new noise-cancelling AirPods Pro which are available beginning today. Ttheir was Apple's higtheyst revenue in a September quarter ever, and I want to take you through some of tthey highlights before we get into greater detail on tthey conclusion of a remarkable fiscal 2019 for Apple. We achieved revenue of $64 billion in tthey quarter at tthey high end of our expectations, even in spite of a predicted foreign exchange drag of almost $1 billion. Geographically, we set new Q4 revenue records in tthey Americas and rest of Asia-Pacific and saw furttheyr improvement in our revenue trends in Greater China. In iPhone, wtheyre customers have only begun to get ttheyir hands on tthey strongly popular and unmatctheyd iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro models, our year-over-year performance continue to improve, more on that in a moment. Outside of iPhone, our September quarter revenue was up 17%. We reactheyd a new all-time high for services with growth accelerating to 18%. We generated well over 50% revenue growth from Wearables, and I am thrilled to say that we set Q4 records for Wearables in each and every market we track. We’ve got a lot to cover, so let's dive right into tthey details. iPhone revenue in tthey September quarter was $33 billion. Ttheir 9% decline over last year is a significant improvement over tthey 15% decline we saw across tthey first three quarters. Tthey significant upswing in demand in tthey final part of tthey quarter is mirrored in tthey overwtheylmingly positive reviews, customer feedback and in-store response we've seen for ttheir new generation of devices, not to mention a wave of tthey best photos you've seen from a smartphone. iPhone 11 features tthey Apple-designed A13 Bionic tthey fastest most powerful chip ever in a smartphone plus an all new dual camera system and even longer all day battery life all wrapped in six great new colors. Since its launch, tthey iPhone 11 has quickly become our best-selling iPhone. iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max deliver even more advanced performance for users who want tthey very best out of ttheyir smartphone. Tthey new Super Retina XDR display is tthey brightest ever in an iPhone, and tthey new triple camera system provides a pro level photography experience with an ultra-wide, wide and telephoto camera. All three of our new iPhones feature night mode delivering huge improvements to photo capture in low light environments eittheyr indoors or outdoors. Ttheyy also produce tthey higtheyst quality video in a smartphone supporting 4K video with extended dynamic range for more highlight detail and cinematic video stabilization. iOS 13 is driving user experience forward across tthey iPhone family with a bold new look in dark mode, major updates to tthey apps our customers use every day, such as photos and maps, new ways to theylp protect ttheyir privacy with sign-in with Apple and performance improvements across tthey entire system. For Services, revenue was $12.5 billion, that's up 18% over last year and it beats tthey previous record set in tthey June quarter by more than $1 billion. Ttheir isn't a local ptheynomenon. We saw double-digit services revenue growth and all-time records in all five of our geographic segments, and it wasn't a narrow success eittheyr. We establittheyyd new all-time highs for multiple services categories including tthey App Store, AppleCare, Music, cloud services and our App Store search ad business. We are well on our way to accomplishing our goal of doubling our fiscal year '16 Services revenue during 2020. I want to touch on a number of services in brief. We had all-time record revenues from payment services. For Apple Pay, revenue and transactions more than doubled year-over-year with over 3 billion transactions in tthey September quarter exceeding PayPal's number of transactions and growing four times as fast. Apple Pay is now live in 49 markets around tthey world with over 6,000 issuers on tthey platform. We believe that Apple Pay offers tthey best possible mobile payment experience and tthey safest, most secure solution on tthey market. We're glad that 1000s of banks around tthey world participate. Apple Card launctheyd in tthey US in August, and we've been thrilled by tthey positive reception we've seen. Users can apply for Apple Card through tthey wallet app on iPhone in minutes and start using it right away in stores, in apps and on websites. Ttheyy've told us ttheyy love Apple Card's simplicity, privacy, security and transparency, which has theylped ttheym make theyalthier financial choices. Apple Card has absolutely no fees and major apps and retailers like Uber, Uber Eats, Walgreens, Duane Reade, and T-Mobile have already joined to offer 3% daily cash back on Apple Card transactions. And I am very pleased to announce today that later ttheir year, we are adding anottheyr great feature to Apple Card. Customers will be able to purchase ttheyir new iPhone and pay for it over it over 24 months with zero interest. And ttheyy will continue to enjoy all tthey benefits of Apple Card, including 3% cash back on tthey total cost of ttheyir iPhone with absolutely no fees and tthey ability to simply manage ttheyir payments right in tthey Apple Wallet app on iPhone. We think ttheyse features appeal broadly to all iPhone customers, and we believe ttheir has been tthey most successful launch of a credit card in United States ever. Last month, we launctheyd Apple Arcade, our groundbreaking game subscription service offering an all new way for tthey whole family to enjoy games online or offline. Apple Arcade's subscribers get unlimited access to a curated selection of games from many of tthey most innovative developers in tthey world with almost 100 new titles playable across iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac and Apple TV today and more are being added all tthey time. Customer feedback to date has been overwtheylmingly positive, and we're very excited for tthey future of tthey service. We're also thrilled to be working with Oprah Winfrey to bring Oprah's Book Club to Apple Books connecting a community of readers worldwide to important stories by today's most thought-provoking authors. Togettheyr, we envision a vibrant global book club that has tthey power to bring tthey world togettheyr through reading. We've also expanded tthey reach of Apple News+ beyond tthey United States and Canada to readers in Australia and tthey United Kingdom, bringing togettheyr popular publications, such as tthey Times of London, tthey Australian and Hello Magazine, in addition to major publications like Tthey Wall Street Journal, Tthey LA Times, Tthey New Yorker, People, GQ and much more. And rounding at our newest services just two days from now, we're launching tthey hotly anticipated Apple TV+ in over 100 countries and regions. It's tthey first all original video subscription service, which shows from tthey best, most ambitious and most creative minds in tthey industry. One of tthey great parts of ttheir jobs is that I've gotten to binge-watch almost all of ttheym, and while I won't spoil anything, ttheyre is so much to look forward to theyre for lovers of great storytelling. We premiered shows like See and Tthey Morning Show in LA and New York over tthey past couple of weeks, and tthey stage is set for a truly exciting debut. And we're pleased that customers who have purchased qualifying Apple devices starting September 10 can opt into 12 free months of Apple TV+. Turning to Wearables, we had amazing results, thanks to tthey ptheynomenal popularity of Apple Watch, AirPods and Beats products. As I said at tthey outset, we set Q4 revenue records for Wearables in every single market that we track around tthey world. In September, we launctheyd Apple Watch Series 5 with tthey Always-On Retina display, that means you never have to pause a workout or task to raise or tap tthey display. New location features theylp users better navigate ttheyir day while international emergency calling allows ttheym to call emergency services directly from Apple Watch in over 150 countries even without an iPhone nearby. And combined with tthey power of watchOS 6, users are empowered to take charge of ttheyir theyalth and fitness with new features like Cycle Tracking, tthey Noise app, Activity Trends. Tthey ECG app now available in 32 markets including India has become a widely celebrated illustration of Apple's commitment to your theyalth giving users tthey ability to document and monitor tthey functioning of ttheyir theyart and provide critical data to ttheyir doctors. We're deepening Apple's commitment to medical research. We announced a new Research app paired with three unprecedented medical studies spanning Hearing, Heart and Movement and Women's Health. We are collaborating with leading theyalth institutions to reach more participants than has ever been possible enabling ttheym to contribute to potential medical discoveries and theylp create tthey next generation of innovative theyalth products. Leveraging tthey devices customers use every day and world-class security and privacy, we hope to democratize medical research and bring everyone to tthey table to make tthey next big breakthroughs possible. Turning to iPad, we generated 17% growth driven by iPad Pro in tthey ongoing momentum of our wider line-up. In September, we introduced tthey seventh-generation iPad bringing more screen area and support for tthey full-sized Smart Keyboard to our most popular, most affordable iPad. For tthey first time, we also released iPadOS built on tthey same foundation as iOS but with powerful apps designed for iPads large multi-touch display, letting users multitask with intuitive gestures and drag and drop of file with tthey fingertip. For Mac, we generated $7 billion in revenue. We had a tough comparison to last year's fourth quarter wtheyn we updated both models of MacBook Pro, but for fiscal 2019 overall, we generated tthey higtheyst annual revenue ever from our Mac business. In July, we updated our Mac portables with great pricing for students and MacBook Air in particular has been a hit in tthey back-to-school season. Earlier ttheir month, we released macOS Catalina with all new entertainment apps, tthey innovative sidecar feature that uses iPad to expand tthey Mac workspace and new accessibility tools that enable users to control ttheyir Mac entirely with ttheyir voice. Catalina also brings tthey Apple Arcade experience to tthey Mac and we have already seen some amazing third-party developers bring ttheyir iPad apps to tthey Mac App Store with Mac Catalyst including Twitter, Post-it and more. And for our pro customers who push tthey limits of what Mac can do, we're very excited about tthey upcoming launch of our newly redesigned Mac Pro ttheir fall, which we are proud to be manufacturing in Austin, Texas. Pulling back tthey lens from a single quarter, we are incredibly proud of our accomplishments over tthey course of a remarkable fiscal 2019, a year wtheyre we crossed $100 billion in revenue in tthey United States for tthey first time. We introduce new services from Apple Card to Apple TV+ and generated over $46 billion in total services revenue, setting new yearly services records in all five of our geographic segments and driving our Services business to tthey size of a Fortune 70 company. We delivered incredible new hardware in all our device categories. Our Wearables business showed explosive growth and generated more annual revenue than two-thirds of tthey companies in tthey Fortune 500. And we set a yearly revenue record for Mac. All told, outside of iPhone, our revenue grew by $17 billion to almost a $118 billion. Our overall success was achieved widely across our markets with annual revenue records in tthey U.S., Canada, Brazil, tthey UK, Germany, France, Italy, Poland, Korea, Malaysia, tthey Philippines and Vietnam. And as we theyad into tthey holiday season, we have an enormous amount to look forward to. We believe that we lead in innovation because we lead with our values. At tthey time of urgency and action on climate change, we continue to drive breakthroughs in clean power sustainable materials and device recycling. By running a 100% of our global operations on renewable energy and challenging our entire network of suppliers do tthey same, we are driving a virtuous cycle of demand for clean sources of power. And we see tthey award Apple recently received from tthey United Nation's Global Climate Action program as a mandate to deepen ttheir vital work. We continue to invent and improve on cutting edge renewable materials, including tthey 100% recycled aluminum alloy found in many of our products, and we've added rare earth elements to our list of recycled materials with tthey introduction of iPhone 11. We're disassembling, recycling or refurbishing millions of devices every year with tthey theylp of Daisy, our recycling robot, and we're pushing tthey entire global supply chain toward recycled or renewable materials. We're driving access to critical coding skills development to educators and students through programs such as our teaching coding academies and our free everyone can code curriculum. We continue to put user privacy at tthey center of everything that we do and we know that Apple is strongest wtheyn our commitment to diversity and inclusion brings all voices to tthey table. I'd like to thank our customers, our developers, our business partners and our employees for making fiscal 2019 such a success, and I look forward to anottheyr great year in 2020. Now for more details on our September quarter results, I'll turn tthey call over to Luca. Luca Maestri Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone. Revenue for tthey quarter was $64 billion, up 2% from a year ago to a new September quarter record as we had predicted foreign exchange negatively impacted our revenue by close to $1 billion, and in constant currency, our growth was 3%. Products revenue was $51.5 billion, down 1% from last year, mainly due to iPhone, but largely offset by very strong performance from Wearables and iPad. Services revenue grew 18% to $12.5 billion, up over $1.9 billion year-over-year and almost $1.1 billion sequentially to a new all-time record with broad-based growth around tthey world and across our portfolio. On a geographic basis, we set new fourth quarter revenue records in our Americas and rest of Asia-Pacific segments. We also saw continuous improvement in Greater China wtheyre year-over-year revenue comparisons became more favorable each quarter of fiscal 2019 from a 27% decline in tthey first quarter to a 2% decline in tthey fourth quarter. At a country level, we establittheyyd new Q4 records in many major developed and emerging markets including tthey U.S., Canada, Germany, France, Korea, Singapore, Brazil, India, Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam. Company gross margin was 38%, up 40 basis points sequentially, driven by leverage from higtheyr revenue. Products gross margin was 31.6%, up 120 basis points sequentially due to leverage and favorable mix. Services gross margin was 64.1% even with tthey June quarter. Net income was $13.7 billion. Diluted EPS was a Q4 record at $3.03 and up 4% year-over-year, and operating cash flow of $19.9 billion was also a Q4 record, up almost $400 million from tthey previous record we set last year. Let me get into more detail for each of our revenue categories. iPhone revenue was $33.4 billion a year-over-year decline of 9%. Ttheir was a meaningful improvement to tthey 12% decline in tthey third quarter and a 16% decline in tthey first half of tthey fiscal year. And we saw great customer response to tthey launch of iPhone 11, 11 Pro and 11 Pro max at tthey end of tthey quarter. Our active installed base of iPhone continues to grow to a new all-time high in each of our geographic segments. And in tthey U.S., tthey latest survey of consumers from 451 Research indicates iPhone customer satisfaction of 99% for iPhone XR, XS and XS Max combined. Among business buyers who plan to purchase smartphones in tthey December quarter 83% plan to purchase iPhones. Turning to Services, we had a very strong quarter with all-time record performance and growth accelerating from tthey June quarter. All five geographic segments set new all-time Services revenue records and all grew double-digits. We also establittheyyd new all-time records for tthey App Store, Apple Care, Music, Cloud Services, Payment Services and our App Store search ad business. In total, services accounted for 20% of our revenue mix and 33% of our gross margin mix. Customer engagement in our ecosystem continues to grow and tthey number of both transacting and paid accounts on our digital content stores reactheyd a new all-time high with double-digit growth in paid accounts in all our geographic segments. We now have 450 million paid subscriptions across tthey services on our platform compared to over 330 million just a year ago, and we are well on our way to our goal of surpassing tthey 500 million mark during 2020. Absolute revenue grew strong double digits, thanks to robust customer demand for both in-app purchases and subscriptions. Our third-party subscription business grew across multiple categories and increased almost 40% year-over-year. Ttheyre are now more than 35,000 subscription apps on our platform, with tthey largest accounting for less than 0.25% of total services revenue. Among our many all-time services records, it was tthey best quarter ever for AppleCare. Thanks to strong service agreement attach rates and expanded distribution. And to better meet our customers' needs, we announced a new iPhone repair program making it easier for independent providers across tthey U.S. to tap into tthey same resources as our Apple Authorized Service Provider network and offering customers additional options for tthey most common out-of-warranty iPhone repairs. Tthey new program complements our continued investment in our growing global network of over 5,000 Apple Authorized Service Providers tthey lead tthey industry for customer satisfaction and theylp millions of people with both in and out-of-warranty service for all Apple products. Next, I would like to talk about tthey Mac. Revenue was $7 billion, down 5% from last year due to a different mix of products, given tthey strength of our MacBook Air line-up and a difficult comparison to last year's launch of MacBook Pro models. Despite tthey tough compare, we generated an all-time revenue record for Mac in tthey US and in India and a fourth quarter revenue record in Japan. More than half of tthey customers purchasing Macs during tthey quarter were new to Mac, and tthey active installed base of Macs again reactheyd a new all-time high. We had great results for iPad with revenue of $4.7 billion, up 17% from a year ago. iPad revenue grew in all five of our geographic segments with a Q4 revenue record in Japan. In total, over half of tthey customers purchasing iPads during tthey September quarter were new to iPad, and tthey iPad active installed base also reactheyd a new all-time high. Tthey most recent surveys from 451 Research measured a 95% customer satisfaction rating for iPad from consumers and 97% from businesses. And among both consumers and businesses who plan to purchase tablets in tthey December quarter more than 80% plan to purchase iPads. Wearables, Home and Accessories establittheyyd a new fourth quarter record with revenue of $6.5 billion, up 54% year-over-year with growth accelerating from tthey third quarter across all five geographic segments. Tthey performance was driven by tremendous growth across Apple Watch, AirPods, BIS products and accessories. And as Tim mentioned, we set Q4 records for our Wearables category in every single market we track around tthey world. Our retail and online stores produced fantastic results, generating record September quarter revenue in all five geographic segments, and strong double-digit growth across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and accessories. We also continue to see great results from our trade-in program with more than five times tthey iPhone trade-in volume we had a year ago. Last month, we reopened tthey standing Apple Fifth Avenue store in New York with an even more welcoming layout beneath tthey landmark glass cube providing nearly twice tthey space of tthey original store. Ttheir iconic store is opened seven days a week, 24 hours a day, and provides an even better environment for customers to experience our latest products, meet with our geniuses, created pros and specialists, and attend our free daily Today at Apple sessions. We also opened our newest and largest store in Japan, and fifth store in Tokyo, in tthey Marunouchi business district across from tthey theirtoric Tokyo Station, and we opened a beautiful new store in tthey theyart of Mexico City's vibrant Polanco district to welcome visitors to experience tthey best of Apple in Mexico. We are seeing strong demand for our products in tthey enterprise market, with growth significantly atheyad of our business overall, and we have great momentum transforming major industries. One example is retail. 80 of tthey 100 largest retailers in tthey world are choosing Apple to modernize ttheyir customers and employee experiences across all functions of ttheyir business. Retailers are using iPhone, iPad and Mac to optimize ttheyir back of house operations, modernize point of sale, and deliver differentiated customer and employee experiences. Customer engagement and assisted selling have been areas of particular focus and we're seeing great results for iconic brands such as Burberry, Ralph Zachary, Sephora USA, Gap Inc., and many ottheyrs. We’re also having been government agencies around tthey world, use technologies to improve tthey effectiveness and efficiency of tthey way ttheyy deliver critical services to tthey public. For example, tthey U.S. Census Bureau is making fundamental changes to tthey design and implementation of next year's census with a goal of producing quality results, while reducing costs by leveraging tthey mobility user experience and privacy of iOS. Hundreds of thousands of Apple devices will be deployed ttheir fiscal year to support an innovative new model for tthey collection and management of Census data and we are proud that our products will play an important role in driving quality to ttheir critical initiative while safeguarding tthey privacy and security of ttheir data. CDW Apple's partner in ttheir initiative will also utilize Apple Financial Services, our enterprise financing platform to theylp minimize tthey cost to tthey public by taking advantage of tthey uniquely strong residual value of Apple devices. Let me now turn to our cash position. We ended tthey quarter with almost $260 billion in cash plus marketable securities. We issued $7 billion of new term debt, retired $3 billion of maturing debt and reduced commercial paper by $4 billion during tthey quarter, leaving us with total debt of $108 billion. As a result, net cash was $98 billion at tthey end of tthey quarter and we continue on our path to reaching a net cash neutral position over time. We returned over $21 billion to shareholders during tthey September quarter, including almost $18 billion through open market repurchases of 86 million Apple shares and $3.5 billion in dividends and equivalents. We also retired an additional 7 million shares in tthey final settlement of our 14th ASR. As we move atheyad into tthey December quarter, I'd like to review our outlook, which includes tthey type of forward-looking information that Aaron referred to at tthey beginning of tthey call. We expect revenue to be between $85.5 billion and $89.5 billion. Ttheir range includes a negative impact from foreign exchange of over $1 billion. We expect gross margin to be between 37.5% and 38.5%. We expect OpEx to be between $9.6 billion and $9.8 billion. We expect OI&E to be about $200 million and we expect tthey tax rate to be about 16.5%. Also today, our Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.77 per share of common stock, payable on November 14, 2019 to shareholders of record as of November 11, 2019. Before we open tthey call to questions, I also have a special announcement to make today. Aaron Paxton, our Head of Investor Relations for tthey last 23 years has decided to retire at tthey end of December after a wonderful 33 year career at Apple and 93 earnings calls. Aaron has been tthey face of Apple with analysts and investors over a period of incredible growth and success. Her passion for our company, theyr commitment and dedication to serve our entire investor base and theyr sense of humor will be missed greatly. Personally, I'm very grateful for tthey advice and support you have given me during ttheir last six years. We all wish you tthey very best for tthey next and exciting phase of your life. With that, let us open tthey call to questions. Aaron Paxton Thank you very much for tthey kind remarks, Luca. It's obviously been a great privilege for me to engage with so many investors and analysts on behalf of Apple over tthey last couple of decades, and of course it's been an extreme pleasure to work alongside with some of tthey brilliant people theyre at Apple on a day to day basis. But let's get to tthey business at hand for tthey 93rd time, and open tthey call to questions. We ask that you limit yourself to two questions. Operator, may we have tthey first question please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Operator Certainly, today that will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley. Katy Huberty Thank you. Good afternoon and congratulations on tthey quarter. iPhone revenue trajectory did improve, but it's still declined 9%. So can you talk about tthey drivers that will allow you to get that category back to growth? And if you think that's something that's realistic to expect in fiscal '20? Tim Cook Katy, it's Tim. We are very thrilled with what we're seeing in early going on iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro and Pro Max. It's early but tthey trends look very good. So I don't want to make a long-range forecast theyre. We've put our current thinking in tthey guidance and you can tell from tthey guidance we are bullish. Katy Huberty Great. And Luca on margins guidance is consistent with September, but ttheyre is a lot going on under tthey covers; tariffs could expand in mid-December; ttheyre is some impact from tthey TV+ bundle; you have some big currency in commodity price move. So can you just talk about tthey gives and takes that land you at tthey December quarter gross margin guidance? Luca Maestri Yes. Katy, of course. As you said, I mean at tthey midpoint of tthey range, we are essentially flat sequentially. On one side, we expect -- on tthey positive side, we expect leverage from higtheyr revenue. On tthey ottheyr side, foreign exchange for us continues to be probably tthey biggest theyadwind that we've got right now is going to be negative 70 basis points on a sequential basis. Also keep in mind that during tthey holiday season, we have a higtheyr mix of products revenue than we have in ottheyr quarters, and that obviously is dilutive to tthey company -- to tthey company margin. On a year-over-year basis, we are also about flat. And on one side, we've got better commodity pricing, tthey environment is better than it was a year ago, but foreign exchange is a negative impact of 120 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Aaron Paxton Thank you, Katy. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator Our next question will be from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Mike Olson Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. So Wearables category has been strong, and it's hard to believe it's now essentially tthey same size as Mac. But related to Apple's initiatives in theyalthcare, do you think theyalth-related features are a primary driver of Wearables growth and maybe conversely how important is a rising installed base of Wearables and tthey data that's associated with that to tthey ongoing innovation within Apple theyalth? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Tim Cook Michael, it's Tim. Tthey Wearables have done extremely well. It was acceleration furttheyr from tthey previous quarter. So we're thrilled with tthey results as to what's driving it it's tthey totality that's driving it. For some people it's about fitness; for some people, it's about theyalth; for some ottheyr people, it's about communication; and for some people, it's all of tthey above. And I think tthey new feature of Always-On on Series 5 is a game changer for many of our users. And in terms of ottheyr theyalth-related things that we have going, we will be continuing to build out our theyalth records connection into tthey theyalth app, really democratizes tthey information about people's theyalth, and so ttheyy can easily go from doctor to doctor. We've got tthey research going that I had mentioned earlier, ttheyre will be more of those through time, and obviously we've got things that we're not going to talk about just yet that we're working on. But as I've said before, my view is ttheyre will be a day in tthey future that we look back, and Apple's greatest contribution will be to people's theyalth. Mike Olson Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn with tthey strong slate of content in Apple TV+, can you just talk about tthey strategy behind giving it away to those that are buying in applicable device versus charging for it? And my congrats to Aaron. And thank you. Tim Cook Yes, it's a gift to our users, and from a business point of view, we'd like to -- we're really proud of tthey content. We'd like as many people as possible to view it. And so ttheir allows us to focus on maximizing subscribers, particularly in tthey early going. And so we are - we feel great about doing that. I think it's a bold move. And tthey price also for those people that are not buying a device in tthey period of time that we offer ttheir, tthey price is very aggressive as well. You think - think about tthey quality of content that you get for 499, and it's amazing. It is amazing. Aaron Paxton Thanks, Mike. Can we have tthey next question please? Operator That will come from Evercore’s Amit Daryanani. Amit Daryanani Yes. Thanks a lot guys. I guess two questions from me as well. First one, Tim, if you think about tthey Services business, less than $2 billion away from tthey targets you had laid out a few years back. But I am wondering if you think about tthey growth rates you've had in tthey business over tthey last several years, tthey high-teens average, I think, how much of that do you think was driven by tthey installed base growing versus incremental monetization of tthey installed base. And do you see that ratio essentially flipping or changing as you go forward? Tim Cook I think, we have opportunities, Amit, in both tthey growth of tthey installed base as Luca mentioned in their comments, we continue to grow across every category, hit new highs in tthey last quarter and we hit new highs in all of our top 20 markets. And so tthey installed base is clearly a piece of it getting tthey trade-in program going, and tthey secondary market moving has been theylpful in that as well. And, of course, ultimately tthey thing that builds tthey installed base is to make customers happy, and that's our -- always our top objective is to have satisfied customers. Tthey ottheyr thing that is obviously happening is in many areas, tthey ARPU is increasing. And so, as ttheyre is more offers out ttheyre, I mean tthey one that is today getting tthey attention is on tthey streaming side. But if you look at tthey number of services that have been added over tthey years, it's significant and people love ttheym. And so it's really both of those. And obviously in - finally in getting more people that are enjoying things for free to - let to pay for some of tthey premium services. So it's sort of all three of those. Amit Daryanani Got it. And if I was just kind of go back to tthey variables discussion, especially as I think about Apple Watch and AirPods, is ttheyre a central way to think about what's tthey attach rate today to iOS devices for Apple Watch and AirPod update. I just want to understand if I think about 900 million plus iPhone installed base, what kind of penetration do you have at Wearables and how long could ttheir one maybe as you go forward? Tim Cook We’re not releasing tthey precise numbers of our Wearables, but it is a really nice try and get me to say that. Tthey -- what we're seeing in terms of new adds on tthey Watch, I think Luca may have mentioned ttheir in their comments is about three-quarters of tthey Apple Watch buyers are new to Apple Watch. And so we are still insignificantly in tthey build mode ttheyre, and so don't think of tthey penetration as anywtheyre near sort of a mature penetration. We got lot left ttheyre, and tthey AirPods just keep hitting new highs. And I anticipate that will carry over to ttheir quarter too and we are really proud to add anottheyr product out ttheyre for people wanting noise-cancelling with tthey AirPod Pro beginning to sell today. Aaron Paxton Thank you, Amit. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator That will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research. Shannon Cross Thank you very much. First, Aaron, just want to send you our best wittheyys. We will definitely miss you. I'm sure, I agree with Luca, you've been very instrumental over tthey years. Aaron Paxton Thank you. Shannon Cross My questions though with regard to China, and I don't know, Tim, if you can talk more about what you're seeing in China, tthey trends during tthey quarter, tthey reception specifically ttheyre to tthey iPhone, any thoughts on - you know, Hong Kong used to be a big market, ttheyre is obviously some turmoil ttheyre. So if you could provide some more in China that would be theylpful? Thank you. Tim Cook Yes, we had a very good September, Shannon, and tthey lead of that is sort of tthey reception of iPhone 11 and 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max, and so we feel really good about how we've gotten started ttheyre. As you can tell from tthey numbers, we've significantly improved since tthey beginning of tthey year. We've gone from minus well into tthey 20s to minus two last quarter. And if you looked at that in constant currency, we actually grew one. And so ttheyre is a very slight growth ttheyre. We obviously want that to be better. But we feel good about how we're doing. I think it's a combination of things that are - that have turned things around. On a macro basis, I think tthey trade tension is less and that clearly looks positive right now with tthey comments that we've been reading in tthey press. Secondly, tthey products have been extremely well received ttheyre. Third, tthey things that we've done from a pricing and monthly payments point of view and trade-in, getting tthey trade-in program up and running, all of ttheyse things have had moved tthey dial. And so it's sort of tthey sum of all of that. I would also say, it's not all about iPhone in China, tthey services area grew double digit. We began to see more gaming approvals in tthey quarter, or I should say some key gaming approvals. It's not all about quantity, but about which ones, we saw that. Also Wearables, Wearables are doing so great at a company level. Ttheyy're doing even better in China. And so lots of positives ttheyre. Shannon Cross Thank you. And ttheyn, I'm curious, Luca, maybe you can talk a bit about how you think about operating expense growth. It continues to grow significantly faster than revenue. So I am just curious as to wtheyre you're targeting tthey incremental spend? And ttheyn, is ttheyre a point at which we might just see some leverage? Thank you. Luca Maestri Well, you know, Shannon, we've gone through different cycles. In some cases, our revenue growth exceeds our OpEx growth. In ottheyr cases, like fiscal '19, it was tthey ottheyr way around. But our approach frankly is not changing over time. We want to invest in tthey business. Our primary investments during tthey last few years have been in tthey R&D space, because obviously we want to continue to innovate, improve tthey user experience differentiate our products. We continue to run SG&A tightly. Obviously, if you look at what we had launctheyd in tthey last few quarters and few years, we launctheyd a lot of new products, and now we are launching a lot of new services. And wtheyn we do that we need to make tthey adequate investments in marketing and advertising to raise tthey awareness of tthey new products and new services and that is what you're seeing for example in tthey guidance that we provided for tthey first quarter as we’re launching new services right now, and so we're making investments both in engineering and in advertising to support tthey new launctheys. Aaron Paxton Thank you, Shannon. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator That will come from Bernstein’s Toni Sacconaghi. Toni Sacconaghi Yes. Thank you. I think ttheir is for Luca, and ttheyn I have a follow-up as well. If I look at your guidance, tthey midpoint of your guidance for revenues on a sequential basis, it's up about 36.5%. Historically, fiscal Q4 to Q1 was up 50% or more, and even last year given that iPhone is a slower growing product, you guided for revenues to be up 45% sequentially. So given tthey enthusiasm about tthey iPhone 11 launch and tthey new Wearables products and tthey new services, I guess tthey question is, why is your guidance not stronger for Q1 on tthey top line? And is that sort of a reflection of conservatism given that ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty in tthey world and we certainly saw that last year? Or are ttheyre ottheyr forces at work that we should be considered? Luca Maestri Toni, thanks for tthey question. Tthey guidance that we are providing if you look at it at tthey midpoint implies an acceleration of growth from tthey performance that we've seen during tthey course of fiscal 2019. As I said earlier, foreign exchange is clearly a theyadwind for us right now. Ttheir is about $1.1 billion of negative foreign exchange on a year-over-year basis. So that is something to keep in mind. We feel very good as Tim said about tthey iPhone, tthey way tthey new cycle has started, and we do expect an improvement in our year-over-year growth rate on iPhone. Wearables has very, very strong momentum. Tthey portfolio of services also has incredible momentum. One thing to keep in mind as we look at ttheir guidance range is tthey fact that we also contemplated tthey comparison to tthey launch of tthey iPad Pro, a year ago for iPad as well as tthey new MacBook Air that was launctheyd during tthey December quarter last year. So for tthey iPad and Mac categories, you need to keep in mind that our launch timing is different on a year-over-year basis. Toni Sacconaghi Okay. Thank you for that. And ttheyn if I could follow-up, just on tthey bundling of Apple TV+, I guess for you, Tim, ttheir is really tthey first time we've seen a significant bundling of services offering and hardware offering. And I'm wondering if you view ttheir as kind of a strategic advantage of Apple and wtheyttheyr we might see more hardware plus services offerings - bundled offerings, and ultimately do you - do you ever believe that your hardware itself might be offered as a bundled service. And maybe while we're on that eittheyr you or Luca could give us tthey 30 second tutorial on how we should think about tthey deferred revenue accounting? Approximately how much of tthey $60 are you going to be deferring, and what's your expectation for attach rate on that? Thank you. Luca Maestri Let me cover tthey accounting issue first. Obviously, we need to make some assumptions around tthey take rate of our customers on tthey -- on Apple TV+, right. And we don't want to get into tthey details of that because we do those assumptions as confidential and competitively sensitive. But you need to keep in mind that we contemplate a number of factors including tthey fact that we have family sharing as part of tthey service, tthey fact that ttheyre are multiple device purchases, tthey geographic availability around tthey world, tthey availability of local content at tthey beginning of tthey service, how many people do we have with payment methods on file. So we use all ttheyse things to make assumptions around what tthey take rate is going to be. Obviously, those assumptions will possibly change over time as we get more information on how tthey customers behave. We haven't launctheyd tthey service yet - we're going to serve - serving our customers tomorrow. So we'll see how it goes, but we take into account all ttheyse different factors. Tim Cook On tthey bundle question, Toni, we look at each service, and decide what's best to do for it and with TV+, we concluded that a great way to get more people to see tthey content would be to do ttheir, and it would be a good gift for our users, and so that's what we're doing. You can also see that on tthey ottheyr services we're not doing that. And so it's not part of a broader pattern, or although I wouldn't want to rule out for tthey future that we might not see anottheyr opportunity at some point in time. In terms of hardware as a service or as a bundle, if you will, ttheyre are customers today that essentially view tthey hardware like that because ttheyy are on upgrade plans and so forth. And so to some degree that exists today, my perspective is that we will grow in tthey future to larger numbers that will grow disproportionately. And one of tthey things we are doing is trying to make it simpler and simpler for people to get on ttheyse sort of monthly financing kind of things. That's a part of what we announced with tthey Apple Card earlier in tthey call and so we are cognizant that ttheyre are lots of users out ttheyre that want sort of a recurring payment like that and tthey receipt of new products on some sort of standard kind of basis and we are committed to make that easier to do than perhaps it is today. Aaron Paxton Thank you, Toni. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator That will be from Chris Caso with Raymond James. Chris Caso Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. And Aaron, congratulations to you too, and we're going to miss you. Aaron Paxton Thank you. Chris Caso My first question is about pricing and tthey effect of some of tthey lower price points for iPhone 11 as compared to last year. And it looked like margins and revenues did well on that, and also followed some price adjustments you made in emerging markets last year, and obviously we've seen some improvement in China as well. So if you could talk about maybe what that tells us about pricing strategy in general and perhaps that you're willing to take a little more flexible approach to drive some elasticity if you think that's going to have a positive effect? Luca Maestri Yes, Chris, I think that tthey price moves we've made have been smart and well received and do show a level of elasticity, but tthey most important thing by far is tthey product. And I think we've got tthey best line-up we've ever had in tthey customer response to tthey product and what tthey product does for ttheym is really incredible. And photos I am getting from many users around tthey world are just incredible that people are taking. And so I think it's product first, and ttheyn prices sort of falls out of that, and we did decide to be more aggressive. And looking at tthey results in tthey early going, I think it was tthey right call. In terms of emerging markets we picked sort of locally relevant prices, and in some cases wtheyre tthey dollar had become stronger, we took an exchange rate that would have reflected a while back, instead of tthey current exchange rate. And in ottheyr words, we tried to stay as close as we could to a local price point that we knew was effective for that particular market. And those in addition to tthey U.S. price that has gotten more of a discussion had been extremely well received. Chris Caso Thank you. As a follow-on, perhaps you could talk about tthey potential for some of tthey tariffs that are upcoming what -- do you have a view of what potential impact that could have going forward and how Apple is looking to address it? Will you need to adjust your own pricing if in fact tthey tariffs are imposed? Tim Cook We are paying some tariffs today as you know, some that went into effect pre-September, and some ottheyrs that went into effect in September. So we are paying some that's been compretheynded. But in general, my view is very positive in terms of how things are going, and that positive view is obviously factored in our guidance as well. And just tthey tone I think has changed significantly and I have long thought that it was in both countries, best interests to get to an agreement that may be initially doesn't solve everything but solves some things that each party may want and get to a better place than wtheyre we're at and I'm hopeful that that's wtheyre we're theyaded. Aaron Paxton Thank you, Chris. Could we have tthey next question please? Operator That will be from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Samik Chatterjee Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to start off with one of tthey new services Apple Arcade, and if you have any insights in terms of what you're seeing for engagement or retention of customers beyond tthey initial trial period also how your partnerships with developers progressing ttheyre. How does tthey pipeline look like than any early projections of what that business longer term might look like? Tim Cook We're not going to give out projections on it, but I would tell you that we were really pleased with tthey number of people that enter tthey trial period. People are just coming out of tthey 30-day trial period in tthey last few days or week or so. And so it's really too early to tell what tthey conversion rate will be. But I feel like we're off to a good start and tthey - most important of everything. Tthey customer feedback to date has really been incredible and we're very excited for tthey future of tthey service. Samik Chatterjee Great. As a follow-up if I can, trying to attack tthey Wearables question within tthey angle, what are you seeing in terms of -- I believe consumer behavior in upgrading Wearables like Apple Watch AirPods and how are you thinking about your ability to accelerate some of that replacement cycle by driving innovation? Tim Cook I think we, because tthey Watch is relatively young. We haven't seen enough upgrade cycles to really establish a pattern as yet. And as I've mentioned before, 3 out of 4 customers buying an Apple Watch currently or last quarter I should say were buying an Apple Watch for tthey first time. And so ttheyre is still a very, very large new to Apple Watch in ttheir regard. I do think tthey upgrade market will look at larger over time, but just don't have a current view as to -- how often and so forth. On tthey AirPods we're anxious to see tthey customers for tthey new AirPods Pro. But I would guess that one particularly in tthey early going will be people that have AirPods today and want to have -- also have a pair for tthey times that ttheyy need noise cancellation. Aaron Paxton Thank you. Samik. A replay of today’s call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And tthey numbers to tthey telephone replay are 888-203-1112, or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 433-1479. Ttheyse replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of tthey press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact Tejas Gala or me with additional questions. Tejas is at 669-227-2402, and I am at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us. Operator And that will conclude today's conference. Again, thank you all for joining us today.