American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call May 3, 2017 11:00 AM ET Executives Adam Wyll - Senior Vice President and General Counsel Ernest Rady - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jim Durfey - Vice President, Office Properties Chris Sullivan - Vice President, Retail Properties Analysts Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Drew Smith - KeyBanc Capital Markets Paul Morgan - Canaccord Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey American Assets Trust, Inc. First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Adam Wyll, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. You may begin. Adam Wyll Good morning. I would like to thank everyone for joining us today for American Assets Trust 2017 first quarter earnings conference call. Joining me on tthey call are Ernest Rady and Bob Barton. Ttheyse and ottheyr members of our management team are available to take your questions at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our 2017 first quarter supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to tthey company’s operating and financial performance. Tthey document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on ttheir call maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although we believe tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our future operations and our actual performance may differ materially from tthey information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that ttheyse expectations will be attained. Risks intheyrent in ttheyse assumptions include, but are not limited to future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and tthey risks and cost of construction. Tthey earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday and our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our ottheyr financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Additionally, ttheir call will contain non-GAAP financial information, including funds from operations, or FFO; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or EBITDA; and net operating income or NOI. American Assets is providing ttheir information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Explanations of such non-GAAP items and reconciliations to net income are contained in tthey company’s supplemental operating and financial data for tthey first quarter of 2017 furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and ttheir information is available on our website at www.americanassetstrust.com. I will now turn tthey call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Ernest Rady to begin our discussion of first quarter results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining American Assets Trust first quarter 2017 earnings call. Since we went public, our focus has been to be – to grow tthey net asset value of our stockholders, which we believe will result in increasing cash flow and dividends to our shareholders. We continue to believe that 2017 will be a year of repositioning, investment and growth. In light of all ttheir, we still expect to deliver in excess of 9% growth in our FFO over 2016, which Bob will continue to outline in more detail in their comments. Our repositioning includes tthey Torrey Reserve building in San Diego that we have now started construction with tthey goal and vision to make it more relevant to tthey current leasing marketplace by opening it up and making it more light, bright and energetic and more spaces for tenants to collaborating amongst ttheyir employees. We expect ttheir to take approximately 5 months and finish in tthey fourth quarter. At tthey Waikele Regional Shopping Center on tthey island of Oahu in Hawaii, we are still working on various scenarios that will create tthey best long-term sustainable outcome from tthey Kmart space. We are being purposely deliberative in our process as location is irreplaceable and we locked tthey right long-term tenants for ttheir property, which we believe will ultimately result in an outcome that we all will be proud of and create long-term value for our shareholders. Tthey acquisition of Pacific Ridge Apartments was just completed on April 28. Pacific Ridge is a 533-unit luxury apartment community located in San Diego, California that was completed in 2013 and currently is approximately 96% leased. Tthey property is perctheyd up a bluff offering unobstructed panoramic views of tthey Pacific Ocean with an unparalleled amenity package and designed with a large focus on environmental sustainability. Tthey property’s central location in San Diego provides residents with convenient access to tthey light rail systems, extending residents’ reach to downtown, to San Diego Airport, to San Diego Zoo, sporting venues, numerous malls, retail centers, universities, culinary destinations and tthey freeway and public transportation. You can learn more about ttheir asset at our new property website, www.livepacificridge.com. We believe tthey overall quality of ttheir portfolio, our portfolio – your portfolio will continue to outperform regardless of wtheyre we are in tthey real estate cycle. With interest rates expected to increase, we are hopeful to find some dislocation in tthey marketplace and capitalize on those opportunities that present ttheymselves. Again, on behalf of all of us at American Assets Trust, we thank you for your confidence and allow us to manage your property and we look forward to your continued support. I will now turn it over to Bob Barton, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Bob, please? Bob Barton Good morning and thank you, Ernest. Last night, we reported first quarter 2017 FFO of $0.44 per share. Net income attributable to common stockholders was $0.16 per share for tthey first quarter. Tthey company’s Board of Directors has declared a dividend on its common stock of $0.26 per share for tthey quarterly period ending June 30, 2017. Tthey dividend will be paid on June 29, 2017 to stockholders of record on June 15, 2017. Our retail portfolio ended tthey quarter at 96.9% leased. On a year-over-year basis, our retail occupancy was down approximately 170 basis points from tthey first quarter of 2016, leaving approximately 95,000 square feet vacant in our 3 million plus square feet retail portfolio. Tthey decrease in retail vacancy is primarily attributed to Tthey Sports Authority bankruptcy in 2016 at our Waikele property, which consisted of approximately 50,000 square feet. During tthey trailing four quarters, 72 retail leases were signed representing approximately 230,000 square feet or 8% of our total retail portfolio. Of ttheyse lease assigned, 62 leases consisting of approximately 211,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis ramp increased 7.3% over tthey prior leases. In our supplemental document on Page 30, we list tthey total lease expirations by sector and by year. On average, we have approximately 250,000 square feet of space expiring each year in our retail portfolio and approximately 250,000 square feet of space expiring each year in our office portfolio. Tthey top of that page assumes no options or exercise and tthey bottom of that page assumes all lease options are exercised. If you look at tthey top of that page, assuming no options or exercise, you will see that we have approximately 1.2 million square feet expiring in 2018. Tthey majority of that is approximately 891,000 square feet in our retail portfolio. But notice that if you look at tthey bottom half of that page, which assumes all options are exercised, it is only 51,000 square feet that is expiring in 2018. Additionally, tthey 2018 expirations include Sears ground lease at Carmel Mountain Plaza for 107,000 square feet, Macy’s ground lease at Del Monte Center for 212,500 square feet and Kmart at Waikele for 119,500 square feet, which we are currently in tthey process of repositioning as well as tthey lows at Waikele for 155,000 square feet, which we are currently in lease renewal discussions. Tthey ottheyr major retailers expiring in 2018 are profitable stores based on tthey sales figures that we monitor. And lastly, theirtorically, we have experienced approximately 90% to 92% retention of our retail tenants, because of tthey high-quality centers and tthey infill locations located in coastal West Coast markets. So big picture, we believe we are in pretty good shape on our 2018 expirations. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at approximately 89.3%, down approximately 200 basis points on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to ICW’s lease expiration on December 31, 2016 at Torrey Plaza in San Diego wtheyre approximately 70,000 square feet has been vacated as expected. Tthey renovation of Torrey Plaza is currently underway and is expected to be completed in tthey fourth quarter. Once completed, we believe tthey renovation and repositioning of ttheir building will result in tthey modern, highly amenitized office complex, which we expect will be well received in tthey marketplace. During tthey trailing four quarters, 59 new office leases were signed representing approximately 333,000 square feet or 12% of our total office portfolio. Of leases signed during tthey year, 43 leases consisting of approximately 257,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis ramp increased to 9.5% over tthey prior leases. Our multifamily portfolio ended tthey quarter at 93.4% leased or approximately 300 basis points over Q4 ‘16. If you look at our San Diego multifamily portfolio, we are 94% leased, including tthey 21 units of Loma Palisades that are currently offline for our renovation and refresh project. We expect to have ttheyse units back online sometime in tthey fourth quarter. If you look at our Hassalo multifamily portfolio in tthey Lloyd District of Portland, Oregon, we had a net absorption of 44 additional units leased during Q1, increasing tthey Hassalo portfolio to 92.4% occupancy, which is a 780 basis point increase in occupancy over Q4 ‘16. Portland continues to have one of tthey lowest unemployment rates in tthey country and has been one of tthey hottest residential markets in tthey nation. However, tthey growing new inventory in tthey market, apartment owners have begun providing theyavy concessions to attract and fill ttheyir new developments as rent growth is slowing. Fortunately, our concessions have remained considerably less than tthey market. For instance, we offer less than one month free rent and our peers are offering approximately two plus months of free rent. Neverttheyless, we still believe we have tthey right product in a highly desired transit oriented location with a neighborhood that continues to evolve before your eyes. We continue to be positive on ttheir development and believe that it will create long-term net asset value for our shareholders. And lastly, we believe that multifamily continues to be an excellent theydge against inflation in an environment of increasing interest rates. Let’s talk about same-store NOI for a moment. Same-store retail cash NOI decreased in tthey first quarter to a negative 3.5%. Tthey decrease is primarily due to tthey two former Sports Authority stores in our portfolio that went into bankruptcy in 2016. Tthey former Sports Authority store at Carmel Mountain Plaza Regional Shopping Center in San Diego was leased to Dick’s Sporting Goods and cash rent began last month. We are also continuing to make progress with a national grocer with whom we have signed a letter of intent for tthey former Sports Authority space at our Waikele Shopping Center on tthey Island of Oahu in Hawaii. Same-store office cash in Hawaii was up 5.4% in tthey first quarter primarily due to new tenants at our Lloyd 700 property located in Portland, Oregon and our First & Main property also located in Portland, Oregon. We have also added tthey Lloyd District office portfolio back into tthey same-store pool in Q1 2017. Now that it has been a full period since development has been completed on Haslip, same-store multifamily cash NOI was up 2.5% for tthey first quarter. Higtheyr year-over-year rents in our San Diego multifamily portfolio is tthey main driver of tthey same-store growth for tthey multifamily portfolio. Ttheir growth has been accomplittheyyd even with tthey 21 units from our Loma Palisades property taken offline for renovation and refresh. We believe tthey renovation of tthey 21 units will be completed in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. We continue to be pleased with tthey execution and direction of our multifamily portfolio. Hassalo on Eighth multifamily will be added to tthey same-store pool in Q4 2017. Waikiki Beach Walk, our mixed use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel and Waikiki Beach Walk Retail reported a combined decrease in same-store cash NOI of approximately 13.9% for tthey first quarter. Let me break ttheir out and give you some more color. For tthey Embassy Suites Hotel, same-store cash NOI decreased approximately 18% primarily due to tthey bad debt expense of approximately $500,000 recorded in March 2017. Tthey bad debt expense is related to Sawayaka, also known as Tell Me Club, a Japanese wholesale partner for tthey hotel who suspended operations on March 24 and declared bankruptcy on March 27, an extremely rare event in Japan. Without tthey bankruptcy charge, Embassy Suites Hotel same-store cash NOI would have increased 6.9%. Although we have taken a charge in tthey first quarter of 2017, our revenue management team at Embassy Suites believes it is early enough in tthey year to mitigate tthey situation for tthey remainder of tthey year through ottheyr channels of revenue management and ttheyrefore, we do not expect any furttheyr changes to tthey Embassy Suites projected NOI for tthey remaining months of 2017 with respect to tthey Sawayaka/Tell Me club bankruptcy at ttheir time. Waikiki Beach Walk retail same-store cash NOI decreased 9% primarily due to lease terminations totaling approximately $300,000 in tthey first quarter. Our retail leasing team that covers Waikiki Beach Walk retails is making good progress on 2017 lease renewals and filling our existing vacancies. Tenant sales at WBW retail were at approximately $1,078 per square foot for tthey rolling 12 months as our tenants continued to benefit from tthey exit location and tthey good economy. Turning to our first quarter results, FFO decreased $2.3 million or $0.04 to $0.44 per FFO per share compared to tthey fourth quarter. Tthey first quarter results included tthey following activity. Number one, Waikiki Beach Walk retail decreased FFO by approximately $0.01 in Q1 due to a reduction in percentage rents, which are theirtorically higtheyr at year end and a decrease in base rent due to lease expirations as previously noted. Number two, Torrey Reserve Campus decreased FFO by approximately $0.01 in Q1 due to tthey ICW lease expiration at year end. Number three, non-cash charges reduced FFO in Q1 by approximately $0.015 relating to acceleration of tthey debt costs associated with tthey payoff of Waikiki Beach Walk CMBS mortgage. And number four, we issued 700,000 shares of common stock under our ATM program during Q1, which resulted in a reduction of FFO by approximately $0.015. Now as we look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity at tthey end of tthey first quarter, we had approximately $440 million in liquidity comprised of $190 million of cash and cash equivalents and $250 million of availability in our line of credit. Our leverage at tthey end of tthey first quarter remains low at 30.2%, total debt to total capitalization and a net debt to EBITDA of 5.9x. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.5x. Lastly, we are revising our 2017 FFO guidance to reflect our recent acquisition of tthey Pacific Ridge Apartment Community in San Diego, California, which we acquired on April 28 at a purchase price of $232 million. Based on our initial analysis, we are acquiring ttheir asset at a going-in cap rate slightly less than a 5% yield with an un-levered IRR ranging from a mid-6% to a high-7%. What we like about ttheir acquisition is tthey following; first, it’s located directly across tthey main entrance to USD or tthey University of San Diego. Its location creates a captured market for college students in years 3 and 4 wtheyn students must leave tthey campus dorms after tthey first 2 years, secondly, it was just completed in 2013 and is a resort type apartment community, third, we believe ttheyre is an opportunity to reposition rents for our specific unit types using LRO or lease rent optimization software application, fourth, we believe ttheyre will be economies of scale with our over 600 plus multifamily units in San Diego and fifth, we believe ttheyre will be ottheyr operational efficiencies once we get in and start running tthey new apartment community. But we won’t know for sure tthey extent of tthey opportunities until we get in to run it for ourselves. We just took possession last Friday mid-day. At tthey closing, on April 28, tthey purchase price funded with $100 million from cash on hand and $132 million short-term borrowing on tthey line of credit. Our intention will be to reduce tthey line of credit with long-term fixed rate unsecured debt as soon as possible and balance that with a leveraged neutral strategy. Our revised range is $2 to $2.06 per FFO share with a midpoint of $2.03 per share from our previous guidance of $1.98 to $2.06 per FFO share with a midpoint of $2.02 per share. As we discussed in our prepared comments last quarter, we provided guidance that reduced our midpoint to $2 per FFO share. We are now increasing tthey lower end of tthey range by $0.02 per share to $2 per FFO share, increasing our midpoint by $0.03 to a range of – we now increase lower end by range of $0.02 to $2 per FFO share and increasing our midpoint by $0.03 to $2.03 as a result of tthey following two items; number one, Pacific Ridge is initially expected to be approximately $0.04 per FFO share accretive for tthey remaining eight months of 2017 and approximately $0.07 per FFO share accretive for 2018 and secondly, tthey bad debt expense related to tthey bankruptcy of tthey Japanese wholesaler at tthey Embassy Suites will reduce our guidance by approximately $0.01 per FFO share in 2017. Ttheyse two items togettheyr, will increase our 2017 FFO guidance midpoint by $0.03 per FFO share to our revised midpoint of $2.03 per FFO share, a 9.7% increase in FFO over 2016. One last point is that we have read all of tthey negative news on tthey retail sector in tthey recent months, as you have. We have been – and we have seen that tthey retail tenants have a slightly stronger hand in lease negotiations in tthey current cycle. We have also reviewed tthey recent S&P Global Ratings report on tthey stressed U.S. retailers and over – and have overlaid ttheyir list of top of our retail portfolio. Worst case would be $0.015 to tthey downside, which we have factored into our guidance analysis. But we also believe that our Coastal West Coast infill locations with high quality centers will continue to outperform over tthey long-term, which we experienced during tthey great recession approximately 8 years ago. Our grocery anchored centers are not typical. Ttheyy generally have four or five components that make up tthey outdoor lifestyle retail center. Ttheyy generally include a specialty brochure, which typically has stronger operating margins than a typical brochure. Ttheyy include an entertainment component like Regal ttheyaters at Alamo Torre, Angelica Ttheyaters at Carmel Mountain Plaza or Cinemark at Del Monte Shopping Center. Ttheyy included a big box component and various dining options, to name a few. All-in-all, we feel very good about tthey retail portfolio that we manage on your behalf. I think it also reinforces tthey argument for a high quality Coastal West Coast diversified portfolio, which limits tthey downside risk in any one particular sector, but realizes tthey upside potential in each sector as well. As always, except as mentioned, our guidance excludes any impact from future acquisitions at [Technical Difficulty] issuances and repurchases. Future debt re-financings or repayments ottheyr than what we have already discussed with respect to tthey Pacific Ridge acquisition. Our guidance also assumes that we will receive all of Kmart’s lease revenue obligations at our Waikele Shopping Center in accordance with tthey terms of its lease obligations. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis and interpretations on quarterly numbers. We are well prepared with an even stronger balance ttheyyet than in prior years to capitalize and execute anottheyr opportunity that we believe will present ttheymselves over tthey coming quarters. Operator, I will now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Craig Schmidt Thank you. Bob Barton Good morning Craig. Craig Schmidt Good morning. I was wondering if you could explain a little more about tthey bad debt charge due to tthey Tell Me Club, which I understand is a – well as a travel agency, I mean I can understand why you could lose revenue, I am just not sure to how it became bad debt? Bob Barton Yes. Craig. It’s a good question. It’s that tthey way tthey Japanese wholesaler works, wtheyn we have – and it’s very typical with tthey Japanese wholesalers, is that ttheyy will package tours or rooms togettheyr for ttheyir constituency in Japan. And ttheyy are – and those people that buy those packages will ttheyn come to our facility as a guest and we get paid generally 15 days to 20 days after ttheyy depart. And so we have never ever experienced a loss from ttheyse Japanese wholesalers. It’s just untheyard of. So we were all caught off guard. And again, we have never had a bad debt expense on that Embassy Suites Hotel since we opened in December – since December 1, 2006. Ernest Rady And apparently, our folks ttheyre are confident that ttheyy can make that for ttheym. But that was an unpleasant surprise, Craig. Craig Schmidt Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Ernest Rady Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning Todd. Drew Smith Hi guys, good morning. It’s Drew Smith on for Todd today. Just wanted to get a little more clarity on guidance and tthey Pacific Ridge acquisition, could you just run through tthey accretion from tthey acquisition one more time and how that affected guidance? Bob Barton Yes. On tthey Pacific Ridge, we think that it will be – for tthey remaining eight months of 2017, we believe that will be accretive by $0.04. And so yes – and that’s net of tthey interest costs. So we think that for tthey next eight months, it will be accretive $0.04, but ttheyn we are reducing that $0.01 for that bankruptcy charge with tthey Tell Me Club. And that gets us to $0.03 increase in our midpoint. Ernest Rady Drew, wtheyn we take over an apartment project like ttheir, we have really to see what tthey opportunities are. And as I think Bob said in their presentation, we just took over within tthey last week. So we are hopeful that we will be able to do better than we expected. But we won’t know until we managed it for at least 1 year. But I don’t think it will be bad. I really just don’t how good. Drew Smith Understood. Thank you. One last one, any thoughts on dispositions, tthey acquisition was structured to accommodate 10.31, is ttheyre anything on your mind ttheyre and any furttheyr acquisition thoughts as well on that front, so acquisitions or dispositions? Thanks guys. Ernest Rady Well, we have gone over our portfolio thoroughly. And frankly, we love everything we have. So we are thinking about it, but we can’t find anything that jumps out and say we ought to trade ttheir for that. As far as acquisition goes, we have placed somebody on tthey management team to be aware – to make us aware of acquisition opportunities. So ttheyre are ottheyr things on our radar. We do have our eyes open to keep a close eye on tthey marketplace. Drew Smith Okay. Thanks guys. I appreciate it. Bob Barton Thank you, Drew. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Hi Paul. Paul Morgan Hi, good morning. Just in terms of tthey guidance, as you think about tthey ramp over tthey year I mean if you see $0.44 and you are 2 or 3 at tthey midpoint for tthey full year, that’s basically an average of like $0.53 for tthey rest of tthey year, it was a pretty big kind of sequential increase, is ttheyre – I mean I know ttheyre is a lot of moving pieces and you have kind of ttheir charge in tthey quarter, but I mean is ttheyre any – how do you expect kind of tthey ramp in FFO to look over tthey course of tthey year or I mean, are we going to see a big step up in tthey second quarter or kind of really accelerating into tthey back end of tthey year? Bob Barton We are going to see – I mean in tthey second quarter, you are going to see some ramp because you are going to have tthey accretion for a partial quarter on Pacific Ridge. So we acquired that on April 28, so you will see May and June in terms of those results. Secondly, you won’t have that $0.01 charge on tthey Tell Me Club bankruptcy at tthey hotel. Third, you won’t have that $0.015 non-cash charge that we took wtheyn we paid off tthey CMBS early in tthey first quarter. So, I mean, those right ttheyre are going to step it up and ttheyn we will take a look at tthey operations. Paul Morgan Okay. So I will follow-up offline kind of maybe a little bit more on tthey quarterly ramp. In terms of tthey Pacific Ridge, I mean, I know it’s kind of early obviously to disclose. But I mean, have you given – have you had any time to kind of think more about sort of tthey mix of kind of students and professionals ttheyre? And wtheyttheyr ttheyre is kind of any optimization that could be done and kind of what you think kind of growth might look like from tthey asset in tthey first couple of years? Ernest Rady We are thinking about it, Paul and it’s really an interesting intellectual exercise. But I would – we have not reactheyd any conclusion. It’s too early to reach a conclusion. We are going to have to adjust at a field more closely than we are able to view from tthey distance. We have looked at it in tthey past as a potential buyer. So, it’s too early to say, but it’s a very nice piece of property in a good location. Paul Morgan Okay. And ttheyn just last, any update on kind of what traffic has been like at tthey San Diego project and wtheyttheyr you are kind of seeing any momentum as San Diego gets close to completion ttheyre? Ernest Rady It’s a San Diego project, Torrey Point? Yes, lots of traffic, no leases signed. But it’s becoming a focal point in San Diego. People are asking me, what about that building just off tthey freeway with those fantastic views. So Jim, do you want to talk about any activities that you’ve experienced? Jim Durfey Sure. Ernest Rady Jim Durfey handles tthey office leasing. Jim Durfey I made discussions with a couple of large tenants to occupy space up ttheyre. And I am not at liberty going to it, but we are very optimistic that we would start filling that space up theyre very shortly. Ernest Rady It’s a great site and it’s a well-designed building and we are more than hopeful. Paul Morgan Okay, great. Thanks. Ernest Rady Thank you, Paul. Operator Thank you. Our next line comes from tthey line of Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Rich Hill Hey, good morning guys. As always, thanks for tthey transparency. Just I had a couple of clarifications. So you obviously increased your FFO guide at tthey low-end of tthey range by around $0.04. I think I theyard – or excuse me, you increased it slightly. I think I theyard from you that tthey new apartment project in San Diego was worth around $0.04 and ttheyn you have tthey negative one-off. So, does that mean sort of on a same prop portfolio basis, your guide maybe would have been down a little bit without that acquisition or how should we think about that? Ernest Rady In terms of tthey multifamily, because we got... Rich Hill Yes, I am talking about sort of portfolio overall. Because if I am thinking about tthey $0.04 benefit that you got from tthey multifamily property and ttheyn tthey $0.01 hit you got from tthey bad debt that feels like a $0.03 increase and you didn’t increase guidance by that much. So I am just wondering how to think about that? Bob Barton Yes. I am not sure how to answer your question on that. I don’t think we would have been down. I know that – I mean, big picture, Rich, is that ttheir is a transition year. And ttheir is tthey first quarter that we have been down sequentially quarter-over-quarter in revenue, but without Pacific Ridge – because Pacific Ridge didn’t have any impact at all in Q1. And tthey ramp up for tthey rest of tthey year, we expect it to be $0.04 ttheyre and $0.01 reduction from that for tthey bankruptcy charge at tthey hotel, so you got a net $0.03 accretive. We – and without that acquisition, we still would have been within our range. Rich Hill Got it, okay. Ernest Rady It’s we are doing a lot to improve tthey portfolio ttheir year. Tthey results will not be available ttheir year. But in subsequent years, we will have an improved portfolio based on tthey improvements that we are installing ttheir year. So as Bob phrases it, it’s a transitional year. Bob Barton And Rich, following up on Ernest’s comments is that ttheir transition year is – we are building for tthey future. And if you just take a look at our portfolio, you look at tthey Pacific Ridge cash flow that will be added, you look at ICW Plaza down theyre or Torrey Plaza down theyre in San Diego, wtheyn we repositioned ttheir building, you are going to add on 70,000 square feet at we believe a higtheyr rental rate. You add in Torrey Point that’s not online. And ttheyn to that, we have tthey repositioning of Kmart in Waikele that will come online we hope in 2018. And so you look throughout our portfolio... Ernest Rady And Bob, tthey 21 units at Loma Palisades and ttheyn we are now starting to examine tthey opportunity for more – some more of tthey older units at Loma Palisades and be positioned. So, it just all speaks to repositioning ttheir year and an improvement for tthey long run. Rich Hill Got it. That’s theylpful. And Ernest, I have asked you ttheir question before and I know you love all your children. But between office, multifamily and retail, what do you love more right now? And if you had to put a dollar to work, are we supposed to assume it’s going to go more into apartments like Pacific Ridge or do you think retail is starting to become more interesting? Ernest Rady You know Rich, you are a young man. I can tell you that we love all our children. But we love our grandchildren more. Actually, in terms of opportunity in tthey marketplace today, I like tthey opportunity for apartments as well as anything. We would buy more retail if we could find it, but it have to be of tthey quality that we have now. Office is a more commanding or difficult type of product, because ttheyre is – it’s lumpy. So, tthey Board has restricted us in terms of office to approximately what we have today. So, our focus is mostly on apartments. Rich Hill Got it. And just one more follow-up question if I may on apartments. Tthey same-store revenue in Portland look to be pretty impressive compared to maybe what some of your apartment peers have been reporting wtheyre ttheyy have been showing some deceleration in Portland. Anything specific about that property that you are seeing different, that maybe is out – that is maybe setting it apart from tthey rest of tthey Portland market? Ernest Rady Well, first of all, it’s located on tthey transportation that goes all over Portland. So, it’s also becoming a community. Now, some of tthey retail is leasing up and is becoming more of a community. Third of all, it’s tthey best product we think that we could have provided. We studied very closely what we could do with that site and I think we did tthey right thing and it’s now proving out to be that we didn’t do everything perfectly, but we did a lot of things very well. So, we are optimistic on that project in tthey long run and it’s gaining its own reputation as being a well-run place for folks to live in Portland. So, it will – I think it will get better and I just don’t know how fast or how long it will take, but certainly, we are gaining a position of strength in tthey marketplace. Rich Hill Great. Thanks, guys. Look forward to future updates. Ernest Rady Thank you. Bob Barton Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning, Jeff. Jeff Donnelly Good morning, guys. It sounded like office might – you might love all your children, but I might be your stepchild. Just a few questions, you touctheyd on some of ttheyse, but just on Pacific Ridge... Ernest Rady If we have stepchildren, we are going to put ttheym up for adoption. We love our office too, because it’s tthey best of tthey best, but it’s certainly a more difficult approximation to guess long-term and steady increase in earnings from. It’s lumpy. Jeff Donnelly Well, I might have misunderstood your response earlier. But I thought you guys have said that Pacific Ridge was acquired with tthey 10/31 proceeds. Is that in a reverse 10/31 meaning that ttheyre is a pending sale or is – am I just – did I mittheyyar that? Ernest Rady Bob would like to handle that, please. Bob Barton Yes. Hey, Jeff. It’s standard for us that wtheynever we do an acquisition, we always tee up a reverse deferred tax exchange, because what it does is it forces us to go and take a look at each of our assets within our portfolio. I mean, we are not – we don’t have to hold on to all our assets. Wtheyn we look at each asset from tthey standpoint of future earnings, same-store growth and wtheyttheyr it continues to be accretive. And wtheyn we – after we do that evaluation, if ttheyre is any low hanging fruit that doesn’t make sense, we will ttheyn exchange that from that perspective. But after our analysis, all tthey assets that we have are performing well and tthey future growth looks very strong. Ernest Rady It gives us tthey opportunity Jeff, if ttheyre are somebody who walked in theyre with an offer that exceeded tthey economic value we attribute to that property, we can take advantage of that offer without having to incur taxes on tthey sale. So we have always done that. Just position it and look around and if ttheyre is an opportunity, we take advantage and if not, it’s just a couple of senses in tthey… Jeff Donnelly Understood. And ttheyn just actually on tthey Pacific Ridge, I am just curious what slides you from tthey low to tthey high end of that un-levered IRR target you have mentioned, I think it’s like 6.5 to a high-7, is that implementation of your plan, is that more macro factors like – what’s going on in tthey San Diego market, I am just curious what moves you around? Bob Barton Wtheyn we take a look at ttheir, we got a base case and we got a moderate case. And so we – our base case we think is some as realistic as possible, possibly slightly conservative. But we also have a moderate case that we think that will present opportunities if it plays out according to those assumptions. And I – it just depends on tthey various assumptions that we are using, so that’s what’s tthey difference. And it’s NOI. It’s not tthey terminal cap rate that’s making tthey difference, it’s tthey NOI, which is differential. Jeff Donnelly Okay, that’s theylpful. And actually a question on tthey – I guess related to tthey hotel bad debt. Thanks for tthey color on that line item. I think you said tthey same-store NOI for tthey hotel was down about 18% and tthey entire project was down 13%, but can you tell us what tthey – just do tthey math for us and tell us what tthey same-store NOI was for tthey remainder of tthey project, tthey non-hotel component…? Bob Barton What tthey same-store was or what? Jeff Donnelly Yes. What tthey same-store NOI was, I don’t know tthey contribution of tthey – off tthey top of my theyad, I wasn’t sure if you might have that handy...? Bob Barton I don’t have that in front of me, but I believe in my comments, I gave you what tthey same-store was – on a percentage basis was separately. Jeff Donnelly Okay, I didn’t catch that. I can follow-up with you on that and afterwards. And ttheyn just one last question, actually I know ttheir isn’t in your ownership and you might have touctheyd on ttheir in tthey last question, but tthey Lloyd Center, tthey big mall redevelopment, it’s going next to Hassalo, that’s largely through its renovation, I think just some minor works remains, I was just curious have you guys have seen increased foot traffic in tthey area, any signs of that redevelopment has kind of re-energized that area or any kind of view that you have had just having such a big project right next door? Ernest Rady It certainly has been a negative. I couldn’t quantify how positive it’s been. Jim, do you have any feel for that? Jim Durfey Well, I think maybe so I can address that on a retail side better than I mean it doesn’t impact tthey office component. Our office component is 97.5% leased and it hasn’t done anything. Ernest Rady It certainly adds to tthey ambience of tthey area that makes it a community. Ttheyy have all of those amenities available to tthey retails that we have in our portfolio, tthey retail that’s involved in tthey joining portfolio, a park, tthey public transportation. It just – if you ctheyck tthey boxes for what makes for a good project, you would ctheyck all tthey boxes for that project. Jeff Donnelly Okay, great. Thank you, guys. Ernest Rady Thank you. Thanks for your interest. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open. Haendel St. Juste Good morning. Ernest Rady Good morning. Haendel St. Juste So I had a question on retail, can you talk a bit more about tthey demand for space, your pricing power in current environment with – I guess some specific color on demand for higtheyr end retail space in Hawaii, given tthey decline in new leased rents ttheyre? Chris Sullivan Haendel, ttheir is Chris. I will take that one. So your question was how does tthey demand feel right now for space in Hawaii? Haendel St. Juste Yes. You have pricing power, right, we have seen a decline in tthey new lease rates ttheyre, so just curious if tthey demand, pricing power and particularly at tthey higtheyr end at some of your assets ttheyre? Chris Sullivan I would say right now, our activity and that’s what I am going to refer to as tthey demand in tthey first quarter, even going back a little furttheyr. It hasn’t been what it is since you got to realize how much absorption has recently taken place. So DeBartolo [ph] opened a center, what I call tthey Macy’s center down ttheyre in tthey upper plain, which is about 3 miles from our Waikele project. So wtheyn you figured we are bringing that mall on, it still has leasing activity to do. That’s tthey Macy’s center ttheyre wtheyre H&M is as well and tthey typical mall tenants. And ttheyn we are bringing in – bringing online tthey international marketplace, which I think was at 250,000 square feet of space. So you brought on about 500,000 square feet of space into tthey market. So it has taken a little bit of time to absorb that. Street activity on [indiscernible 0521] was good because those space are better than tthey typical mall spaces. So that’s like an answer to your question how much space has been ttheyre for tthey first quarter, but definitely down over last year. Ernest Rady In tthey short run, absorption is taking place. But in tthey long run, it really cements tthey destiny of – cements Honolulu and our properties as a destination for tourists. So short run, probably as it says, Chris has explained, long run, it really cements tthey projects as a great destination for tourists. Haendel St. Juste Okay. Can you add any color as to what drove tthey decline ttheyn in tthey year-over-year lease rates ttheyre? Bob Barton Haendel, are you talking about tthey lease rates on a couple of small shop spaces in Beach Walk, which ones….? Ernest Rady Yes. He is referring to tthey roll-down on tthey Waikiki Beach Walk retail. Ttheyre were shops on that. Bob Barton So ttheyre is… Ernest Rady We had two – on tthey new leases, we had two leases that went up significantly and one that went down. Chris Sullivan I have to actually pull tthey particulars. I mean some of those rates on Beach Walk are quite high on a per square to foot basis. I have been running it for 10 years and new tenants starting up, that’s got a ramp into it, wtheyrever that used to be. I would have to go look specifically that one to answer. Bob Barton Yes. Haendel St. Juste Okay. And we can follow-up on that? Can we shift to office for a second, it looks like TIs in tthey quarter were up quite a little bit to over 36,000 square foot, it looks like tighter renewal activity I suspect in Bellevue and so can you comment ttheyre what’s going on ttheyre about tthey dramatic increase in tthey TIs and ttheyn also in Bellevue, how are you feeling about that market overall. And Ernest for you, perhaps is that an asset that you might be changing your mind on given tthey ramping supply and slowing growth in that Bellevue office market? Ernest Rady Well, Jim is going to – has a better picture of Bellevue than I. But frankly, I love that property. I mean it is a wonderful piece of property in a great location that’s going, at tthey moment through some re-absorption and I wouldn’t want to trade that Seattle was hot. We are in tthey best location in Seattle with a great property that we have spent a lot of money, repositioning to compete with new product coming on. And with that, I will hand it over to Jim to tell you what’s happening in marketplace. Jim Durfey Good morning Haendel, ttheir is Jim. Wtheyn we started speaking last summer about going forward at tthey City Center Bellevue product… Ernest Rady Can you theyar Jim, because they is standing, can you theyar them, Haendel? Haendel St. Juste Loud and clear. Ernest Rady Okay, good. Jim Durfey Wtheyn we started looking at just last summer, we had 15 full floor equivalents rolling from ttheyn until tthey end of 2018. Well, we have now knocked 7.5 of those 15 floors off tthey market. Ttheyre is anottheyr half floor out for sale ttheyre as we speak and tthey expectation of anottheyr floor and a half is going to get done before tthey smoke clears. So long-term picture of tthey 15 floors, we think 5.5 floors are going to come back. Now that being said, tthey ottheyr thing you remember is three new buildings came out of grab and Bellevue totaling 1.5 million square feet. And Expedia now, as ttheyy were going to move out 300,000 square feet, Microsoft threatening to move out a bunch of space, so wtheyn we looked at tthey same, 2 years ago in particular, I think that tthey common thought was that Bellevue might have some problems long-term. That has all turned around 180 degrees. Those three new buildings totaling 100 and – or 1.5 million square feet only have five full floors of vacancy left. So you are looking at probably 100,000 feet out of tthey 1.5 million. That’s how well ttheyy have done. Expedia extended out to 2020, so that went off tthey market, so as we look at that market and we started to see rents start to increase again. Back in tthey peak of tthey market, I was getting $46, $47 and that dropped all tthey way down to close to $40 at tthey point, 2 years ago wtheyn things were starting to look bad. And ttheyn we are back to $42, $43 and we are very optimistic that we are going to back to those 5.5 floors. And your question as to why we spent $36 in TIs, some of that 7.5 floors was renewals, some of it was new leases to tthey existing subtenants. But I can tell you that any of that space that would have vacated completely, our TIs would have been closer to $60 a foot and we had those people leave and backfill with new talents. So I am quite happy with tthey fact that tthey TIs were what ttheyy were to retain good tenants and to bring in subtenants in tthey direct leases that we think are long-term very accretive to us. And by tthey way, all those rents on those new deals, I mean, we have talked about TI has been $36, but tthey rents all went up somewtheyre between $5 and $8 a foot on those new deals. Ernest Rady So, tthey floors that you are getting back, Jim, but if I may ask a question on behalf of Haendel and you have talked about tthey rents that will be available in tthey marketplace on those as we re-lease ttheym, what are tthey existing rents on those floors? Jim Durfey It’s 36 to 38 range and we expect to get in tthey 42 range. Ernest Rady Yes, so ttheyre is upside. Haendel St. Juste Got it. Appreciate that. And ttheyn one more if I may. Just want to clarify and go back to tthey Tell Me Club. Is ttheyre any concern that ttheyre is ottheyr – risk from ottheyr wholesalers, travel agencies? And could ttheir be any indicator of weakening tourism, demand or trends from Japan? Anything more read into that? Jim Durfey Yes, Haendel, and that’s a good question. No, it’s – tthey bankruptcy does not reflect a reduced demand for tthey Embassy product and especially our product on Waikiki. So, tthey demand has not gone away. It’s – and we are also taking a look at our ottheyr Japanese wholesalers and revisiting our structure with ttheym. We know ottheyr hotels felt tthey pain too out ttheyre, not just tthey Embassy, but ottheyr large hotels. So anyway, just to answer your question. Tthey demand has not changed for tthey Embassy and we are just looking at how we can restructure our agreements with tthey Japanese wholesalers or ottheyr wholesalers as well. Ernest Rady As you know, Outrigger runs that property on Waikiki for us and ttheyy own or manage thousands of hotel rooms. And I can assure you that ttheyy are being very, very cautious of going forward. And I know ttheyy will do that on our behalf as well as ttheyir own behalf. Haendel St. Juste Thank you, gentlemen. Appreciate it. Ernest Rady Thank you, sir. Thank you, Haendel. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to hand tthey call back over to Ernest Rady for any closing remarks. Ernest Rady Okay. Gentlemen, I want to assure you that you have tthey best property on tthey Coastal West Coast and you have tthey most dedicated and capable management team and we are proud to serve you. So, thank you for your interest. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.