American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 9, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - President and Chief Operating Officer Ernest Rady - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton - Chief Financial Officer Steve Center - Vice President, Office Properties Daniel Rex - Vice President, Multifamily Jerry Gammieri - Senior Vice President, Construction and Development Conference Call Participants Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Tamara Fique - Wells Fargo Operator Hello and thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Q4 and Year End 2021 American Assets Trust, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Adam Wyll, President and Chief Operating Officer. Please go atheyad. Adam Wyll Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Assets Trust Inc.’s fourth quarter and year end 2021 earnings call. Yesterday afternoon, our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey SEC on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. During ttheir call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations, which statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements as actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements, including due to tthey impact of COVID-19. And with that, I will turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO, to begin tthey discussion of our fourth quarter and year end 2021 results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thank you very much, Adam and good morning everyone. First and foremost, I would like to wish all of our stakeholders continued theyalth and safety as we hopefully find 2022, uttheyyring in a more manageable phase of ttheir pandemic. As you all know, we remain very optimistic with tthey high quality irreplaceable properties and asset class diversity of our portfolio combined with tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet, ample liquidity, top notch management team and that said with all due modesty and efficient operating platform will allow us to grow our earnings and net asset value for our shareholders on an accretive basis on a long-term basis. I recall at tthey outset of tthey pandemic, I thought we might be in for anottheyr great depression like tthey 1930s, but thanks to tthey incredible ingenuity and perseverance of Americans and modern science, particularly in regard to tthey push for effective vaccines and antiviral drugs. Tthey U.S. economy only felt a limited recession. And meanwhile, capital markets rebounded quickly in most industries. However, our economy is less managing tthey unprecedented fiscal stimulus that no doubt has contributed. Ttheyre was likely to be more than short-term inflation. Along those lines with tthey Consumer Price Index experienced its largest gain in 30 years, approximately 7%, we are confident in tthey ttheysis of our portfolio being an effective protection against inflation. Based on one, our ability to increase both base rents and annual rent escalators as lease expire within our portfolio to keep up with inflation, our visibility of significantly higtheyr demand and limited supply in our markets for higtheyr quality assets, like tthey ones we own, and third, tthey replacement cost of our properties continues to rise. Ttheir is particularly more compelling with high barrier to entry, modern amenitized property like ours that are in tthey path of growth, education and innovation. Ttheyrefore, we can likely withstand tthey impacts of long-term inflation, if not ultimately thrive. Ttheyse are amongst tthey reasons why I personally have purchased our stock during prior open periods, as in my view theyre trading significantly below our net asset value and believe that tthey recent brokered transaction in our markets and asset classes support ttheir view. With respect to our financial results, I was pleased to see our considerable rebound in 2021 as compared to 2020 and continue to be optimistic about our growth in 2022 and particularly tthey years ttheyreafter. As such, I want to mention that tthey Board of Directors has approved a quarterly dividend of $0.32 a share for tthey fourth quarter, an increase of $0.02 or approximately 7% from our previous dividend, which we believe is supported by our financial results and tthey expression of our Board’s confidence in tthey embedded growth of our portfolio ttheir year and beyond. Tthey dividend will be paid on March 24 to shareholders of record, March 10. Finally, on tthey development front, both La Jolla Commons III and One Beach Street remain on time and on budget. And though we remain optimistic by tthey leasing process, we not have any specific views to share on that front at ttheir time. Adam, Bob and Steve will go into more details on our various asset segments, financial results and guidance. And I will be available for any questions that you may have at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. Again, on behalf of all of us at American Assets Trust, we thank you for your confidence and allowing us to manage your company and for your continued support. I am now going to turn tthey call back over to Adam. Adam, please. Adam Wyll Thanks, Ernest. In 2021, our fiscal and operational results showed a meaningful rebound from 2020, which as Bob will describe in a few minutes, we expect to see continued growth in 2022 and beyond. Among a few of our accomplishments in 2021, we are closing our inaugural public bond offering of $500 million that was over 4x oversubscribed, acquiring two office projects in Bellevue, Washington for a total of approximately 440,000 square feet for a combined cost of approximately $210 million. Furttheyr establishing our critical mass and economies of scale within our Bellevue office portfolio, a market in which we believe tthey municipality has properly planned for growth with light rail alignment and ottheyr transit nodes and with a spectrum of housing options for workers intended to minimize commutes and to theylp create up and coming urban neighborhoods around downtown to capitalize on what we believe will be continued growth on tthey east side markets. We also leased approximately 255,000 square feet of office space and 410,000 square feet of retail space and increased our portfolio of multifamily leased occupancy from 86% to 96% year-over-year. We also maintained our investment grade credit rating from all three major U.S. credit rating agencies and we remain vigilant and focused on tthey safety and well-being of our stakeholders and achieved a 99% COVID-19 vaccination rate among all AAT employees. We also increased our collection percentage sequentially for tthey six consecutive quarters since tthey onset of tthey pandemic to over 98% in Q4, including collecting over 96% of deferred rent payments due in Q4. We also continued our ESG initiatives with a focus on tthey positive impact of being both a steward of tthey environment as well as fostering a culture of diversity inclusion has on tthey strength of our business and in partnership with our communities. Along those lines, we are pleased to have increased our GRESB score of 2021 for tthey third consecutive year in line with our peer average and above GRESB averages. We also increased our total dividends by 16% in 2021 over 2020 and we negotiated our amended and restated credit facility, which closed a few days into ttheir year, which increased our borrowing capacity, extended tthey maturity dates of our revolver and term loan, and transitioned tthey borrowings to SOFR. And as Ernest mentioned, we furttheyred development activity at La Jolla Commons and One Beach on time and on budget despite tthey theyadline theyadwinds of supply chain shortages, vendor staffing challenges, and governmental delays. Meanwhile, on tthey external growth front, we continue to be active, yet disciplined, as we evaluate acquisition opportunities in our target markets and various asset classes as well as our ability to take advantage of low interest rates, while obviously keeping an eye on our cost of capital. And finally, I am more than pleased to announce that we promoted two key employees ttheir month into Vice President positions. Daniel Rex, who is now our VP of Multifamily San Diego and Jordan Mandic, who is our VP Regional Manager at Portland, Bellevue. And though ttheyir promotions were based on merit and ttheyir accomplishments with AAT, we are more than happy to furttheyr strengttheyn our commitment to diversity among our management team. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Bob to discuss financial results and guidance in more detail. Bob Barton Thanks, Adam and good morning, everyone. Last night, we reported fourth quarter 2021 FFO per share of $0.54 and fourth quarter of 2021 net income attributable to common shareholders per share of $0.14. Fourth quarter results are primarily comprised of tthey following. Actual FFO decreased in tthey fourth quarter by approximately 5.3% to $0.54 per FFO share compared to tthey third quarter of 2021 primarily from tthey following four items. First, as you may recall on our Q3 earnings call, our expectation for Q4 was for approximately $0.47 per FFO share. Tthey assumption we made for Q4 was our best estimate at that time. But what increased tthey FFO from our Q4 guidance was tthey following four items. First, our Waikiki Beach Walk mixed use property contributed $0.04 per FFO share, half from Embassy Suites and half from Waikiki Beach Walk retail, which we did not anticipate in Q4 due to tthey lower than average tourism as a result of tthey Delta and Omicron variant. Second, our retail portfolio in San Diego performed a $0.01 of FFO better than expected. Third, our office portfolio performed $0.01 of FFO better than expected. And fourth, our multifamily performed $0.01 of FFO better than expected. Adding ttheir $0.07 of FFO per share to our Q3 guidance of $0.47 for Q4 gets you back to wtheyre we ended at $0.54 per share of FFO for tthey fourth quarter. Same-store cash NOI overall was strong in 2021 ending at 20% growth year-over-year for tthey fourth quarter. It should also be noted that mixed use was added back to tthey same store pool in Q4. Absent tthey mixed use sector in Q4, same-store cash NOI would have been approximately 11.6% growth, which we are still very pleased with. As it relates to liquidity at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had liquidity of approximately $539 million comprised of approximately $139 million in cash and cash equivalents and $400 million of availability on a revolving line of credit. Our leverage which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 6.8x. Our objective is to achieve and maintain a net debt to EBITDA of 5.5x or below. We do recognize that our net debt to EBITDA has increased during COVID as a result of lower EBITDA primarily from our retail portfolio and our mixed use property at Waikiki. We believe ttheyse reductions are temporary and our expectations, is that our EBITDA will increase over time to pre-COVID levels. Our retail centers on tthey Mainland are generally full, with increasing sales, but still have a way to go. As you may recall, we have theirtorically provided a pro forma cash NOI bridge to theylp all stakeholders understand tthey embedded growth that we see in our portfolio as well as what we are anticipating in tthey next year or two. We expect to update our cash NOI bridge to reflect our expectations for 2023 in tthey next 60 days or sooner. Our current cash NOI bridge through 2022 reflects that cash NOI in 2021 has finally surpassed 2019 cash NOI and is expected to increase anottheyr 6% in 2022. Ttheir increase has largely resulted from tthey strong consistent growth from our office portfolio. Ttheir also shows tthey importance of a high-quality diversified real estate portfolio, such as American Assets Trust. I also need to point out that cash NOI is a non-GAAP supplemental earnings measure, which tthey company considers meaningful in measuring its operating performance. A reconciliation of cash NOI and net income is included in our supplemental which you can access on our website. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.8x. Let’s talk about 2022 guidance. We are introducing our 2022 FFO per share guidance range of $2.09 to $2.17 per FFO share with a midpoint of $2.13 per FFO share, which is approximately a 6.5% increase over 2021 actual of $2 per FFO share. Let’s walk through tthey following nine items that make up tthey increase in our 2022 FFO guidance over 2021 FFO actual. First, same-store office cash NOI is expected to increase approximately 9% or $0.14 per FFO share. Second, same-store retail cash NOI is expected to decrease approximately 5% or $0.05 per FFO share. Third, same-store multifamily cash NOI is expected to increase approximately 5% or $0.02 per FFO share. Fourth, same-store mixed use cash NOI is expected to increase approximately 15% or $0.03 per FFO share and is attributable to approximately $0.01 of FFO to Waikiki Beach Walk retail and $0.02 of FFO to Embassy Suites Waikiki. All four sectors combined above are expected to generate a total same-store cash NOI growth year-over-year in ‘22 of approximately 5% or $0.14 of FFO per share. Fifth, non-same-store guidance includes our two acquisitions in Bellevue, Washington in 2021. Combined, ttheyy are expected to contribute approximately $0.07 of FFO per share in 2022. G&A is expected to increase approximately $3 million and decrease FFO by $0.04 per share. Interest expense is expected to be flat. Ottheyr expense is expected to decrease by approximately $4.4 million and increase FFO by approximately $0.06 per FFO per share year-over-year, resulting from a one-time early prepayment fee on tthey $150 million unsecured loan paid with a portion of tthey proceeds from our inaugural bond offering in January of 2021 and which will not occur in 2022. GAAP adjustments primarily relating to straight line rents will decrease FFO by approximately $7.5 million or $0.10 per FFO share. Ttheyse adjustments wtheyn added togettheyr will be approximately $0.13 per FFO share and represent tthey increase in 2022 over 2021 FFO per share. While we believe tthey 2022 guidance is our best estimate as of ttheir earnings call, we do believe that it is also possible that we could outperform tthey upper end of ttheir guidance range in both tthey multifamily and in tthey mixed use sector of our portfolio. So, in order to do that, tourism and travel to Waikiki on tthey Hawaiian Island of Oahu needs to return in full force, including our guests from Japan. We are cautiously optimistic that tthey Embassy Suites Waikiki will outperform our guidance, but we won’t know that until most likely tthey end of Q3 2022. As always, our guidance, our NOI bridge in ttheyse prepared remarks exclude any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity, issuances or repurchases for future debt refinancings or repayments ottheyr than what we have already discussed. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis, interpretations of our quarterly numbers. I will now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Senior Vice President of Office properties for a brief update on our office segment. Steve? Steve Center Thanks Bob. At tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, net of One Beach, which remains under redevelopment, our office portfolio stood at 93% leased, with 8.5% expiring in 2022. Our office portfolio was gaining momentum. In tthey fourth quarter, we executed 18 leases totaling approximately 130,000 rentable square feet, including approximately 31,000 rentable square feet of comparable new leases, with increases over prior rent of 32% and 45% on a cash and straight line basis respectively. Approximately, 37,000 rentable square feet of comparable renewal leases with increases over prior rent of 6% and 10% on a cash and straight line basis respectively. Approximately, 62,000 rentable square feet of non-comparable new leases, including deals with a top 100 law firm for approximately 26,000 rentable square feet at Torrey Reserve and tthey global technology company for approximately 17,000 rentable square feet at La Jolla Commons I. Throughout our office portfolio, we have been employing multiple initiatives to drive occupancy and rent growth, including renovating buildings with significant vacancy and/or rollover adding or furttheyr enhancing amenities at tthey project level, aggregating and white-boxing larger blocks of space, wtheyre ttheyre is scarcity and improving our smaller spaces to be a new move-in ready condition. We realized meaningful increases in occupancy and rent growth resulting from ttheyse initiatives in 2021, with additional increases realized or in process in Q1 as follows. In Bellevue, we have signed approximately 18,000 rentable square feet of expansions, with anottheyr 12,000 rentable square feet of new leases and expansions and lease documentation. In San Diego, we have signed approximately 23,000 rentable square feet of new leases and expansions, with anottheyr 19,000 rentable square feet of new leases pending. Including ttheir Q1 activity, we believe that our office portfolio is on track to absorb an additional 71,000 rentable square feet or nearly 2% of tthey office portfolio at favorable rent spreads. As a result, we believe that strategic investments in our portfolio will position us to continue to capture more than our fair share of net absorption at premium rents as office markets rebound. I will now turn tthey call back over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. You may proceed with your question. Haendel St. Juste Hey, good morning out ttheyre. Just early good morning to you guys. Ernest, a question for you, you mentioned that you bought back some stock in tthey fourth quarter, I don’t think… Ernest Rady No. I can say I bought back tthey stock. Tthey company didn’t buyback tthey stock. I bought tthey stock personally and affiliates. Haendel St. Juste Right, right. No, that’s what I am getting at. So, I guess you bought, but tthey company did not. And so clearly you see a value proposition theyre. Now, you talked about tthey stock being discounted. So, maybe you can theylp me better understand tthey decision to raise tthey dividend versus perhaps buying back tthey stock theyre in light of tthey discount you highlighted? Ernest Rady Haendel, ttheir is something that is discussed in depth. Because as a – of our REIT size, we are on tthey smallest side relative to tthey absorption of tthey cost of being public. So ttheyre is no emphasis whatsoever on becoming smaller and reducing our capacity to make acquisitions and grow. That’s why I buy tthey shares personally, I would love to see a path or a strategy for American Assets Trust to have more assets on its balance ttheyyet, more income from all ttheyse additional assets and spread tthey overtheyad of being public over ttheyse additional assets. That’s tthey logic. Haendel St. Juste No, I appreciate that, Ernest. And so I certainly appreciate tthey comments ttheyre. But ttheyn also on tthey leverage, Bob, maybe you theylp us understand you outlined getting to that mid-5 level, but I don’t think you outlined a timeline. So, any updated perspective ttheyre, is that something we can expect by next year in light of perhaps some of tthey delayed recovery in certain parts of tthey portfolio? Bob Barton Yes, Haendel, I can’t put a date on that. But it’s really tthey EBITDA that we – that has temporarily gone down is really a result of COVID. And so as soon as we can get Waikiki Beach Walk back with tthey Embassy Suites and have our Japanese guests return to tthey island, I think you are going to see a significant growth, I think you are going to see a significant growth ttheir year as it is. And I think we have a good shot at outperforming if those things happen, which will increase our EBITDA and start working our net debt to EBITDA back down. But we also need to – I mean, I think ttheir whole COVID environment, ttheyre is – has been a repricing on tthey retail side. But just like I mentioned on tthey script, tthey sales have been strong, sales continued to improve, but we got to see more on tthey retail side as well. Haendel St. Juste Fair enough. We get those comments. Maybe a comment on pricing power over on tthey portfolio, certainly a differentiator amongst tthey asset classes we look across REITs. Can you compare and contrast tthey pricing power across tthey key corridors of tthey portfolio, apartment, office, open air centers? And do you think that will be enough in tthey near-term to offset tthey rising costs tthey inflation that we are seeing? Thanks. Ernest Rady Somehow rattheyr we have got a bad connection, Haendel. Is ttheyre something you could do maybe step back a little bit from tthey microphone and repeat tthey question, because it’s not coming through? Haendel St. Juste I apologize. Is that better? Ernest Rady That’s better. Thank you. Haendel St. Juste Okay. Ernest Rady Anything could be better. Haendel St. Juste Well, I was hoping for some comments on pricing power across tthey portfolio, certainly a key differentiator amongst tthey asset classes. I was hoping you could compare and contrast tthey pricing power across tthey key corridors of tthey portfolio, apartments, office, shopping centers, if you think that will be enough to offset tthey near-term rise in cost and inflation? Thanks. Ernest Rady Sure. That’s a very good question. It’s something that we can think about frequently. First of all, as Bob pointed out, retail is getting repriced to some extent. Our product – our retail will do as well as anybody, but retail by definition now is being affected. Our residential strong, I’m really optimistic that we are going to have a very good year in residential. And office, Steve went through tthey fact that and outlined tthey fact that our office properties in tthey past of growth were improving tthey amenitization, tthey word which they has taught me. And we are preparing offices so that wtheyn tthey smaller tenants want to occupy, ttheyy can occupy it more quickly. So, ttheyre is because of our offices in tthey past of growth, we are optimistic that it’s going to be a significant contributor to tthey growth of tthey company. And of course, La Jolla Commons is under construction and that could add significantly and we have tthey property in San Francisco, wtheyre we positioned. Portland just completed, but ttheyre is no lease on it yet. But you know what, it’s all good property. And if anybody can make it, our properties can do equally as well as tthey market and I am confident. If not, I am hopeful, if not confident that we will outperform tthey market. Steve Center Hey, Haendel. Let me just add to that too is that in tthey supplemental we talk about tthey leasing spreads on new leases. And if you look on a comparable basis, our cash basis percentage change over tthey prior rent on tthey leases we did, for retail, it was down 6% on a cash basis, but on a GAAP basis, it was 5.2% positive. So ttheyy had some free rent initially, but once it straight lined over tthey term, obviously, it’s a positive 5.2%. On tthey office sector it’s strong 17%, 18% in a cash increase, cash basis percentage change over tthey prior rent. And on a GAAP basis, it’s like 26%, 27%. So, I think we are in tthey right sectors. I think we got tthey right product. It’s just tthey retail is a little bit slower. Ernest Rady And Steve would agree we had tthey excellent management. Haendel St. Juste Wonderful. Alright guys. Thank you so much for tthey time. Steve Center Thank you. Ernest Rady Haendel, thanks for your continued interest. Hope to see you sometime soon. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc. You may proceed with your question. Ernest Rady Hi, Todd. Todd Thomas Hi, good morning. Hi, how are you? So, couple of questions on some of tthey segments as it pertains to guidance. First, can you talk a little bit more about tthey mixed use segment, tthey guidance you discussed sounds like ttheyre is some uncertainty, but perhaps also some conservatism embedded in tthey forecast. And I was just wondering if you could maybe elaborate a little bit more around bookings and what tthey guidance translates into for RevPAR growth throughout tthey year in ‘22? Ernest Rady Todd, that’s probably tthey most difficult part of tthey whole portfolio to predict what’s going to happen, because we don’t know what’s going to happen with tthey virus. We don’t know wtheyttheyr tthey Japanese tourists will return. We don’t know what tthey Governor of Hawaii is going to do to encourage or discourage tourism. But tthey properties we own are in first class shape. Ttheyy are tthey simple. And so it’s not a question of if ttheyy return, it’s a question of wtheyn ttheyy return and it’s tthey wtheyn that we find difficult to quantify. Do you want to add something, Bob? Bob Barton Yes. So, Todd thanks for tthey question. Yes. So as we mentioned our guidance for that same-store mixed use is 15% increase, which is $0.03 – approximately $0.03 of FFO per share. We rely theyavily on our outrigger team that has tthey boots on tthey ground out ttheyre. We are in contact with our General Manager and our team out ttheyre. So, we know what’s going on. We know tthey data. In fact, we are visiting ttheir coming March face to face with everybody. So that really is tthey upside. And like Ernest mentioned, tthey return of our Japanese guests is really important. But if that portion is delayed, we are seeing even strength on tthey U.S. west and U.S. east side. Let me give you a quick update on tthey Embassy Suites Hotel. And so, what’s interesting is that tthey paid occupancy for tthey month of December was 86%. What we have shown on a quarterly basis, it was 73% average for tthey fourth quarter, but it really was strong in December. Our paid ADR or average daily rate for tthey average quarter or for tthey fourth quarter average was $215, but in December, it spiked up to $350. That’s a strong month. And ttheyn RevPAR also increased similarly to that $315 as well versus to $215 on an average. And as of mid-January, Japan was experiencing its sixth wave of COVID, ttheir time around largely from Omicron. And Japan is better prepared today with 30% more capacity in hospitals and a more flexible homecare recommendation for all, but tthey serious cases of infection. Vaccination data as of yesterday, wtheyn I just ctheycked it was 80% of Japan’s total population was partially vaccinated and 79% was fully vaccinated with tthey second shot. And tthey Japanese government is speeding up its rollout of booster shots and shortening tthey interval between second and third shots. So, ttheyy have made positive strides in tthey vaccination rate since last July. And we are hopeful that ttheyy too will get through ttheir as we have and we look forward to welcome ttheym back. And that’s really tthey key to outperforming on ttheir guidance. Todd Thomas Thanks. That’s theylpful. I mean, tthey fourth quarter exceeded your expectations, you talked about half of that $0.04 Delta being, tthey hotel half being retail, it seems like occupancy and ADR outperformed despite sort of Delta, Omicron how are bookings trending through tthey spring and summer? Bob Barton Because of tthey Omicron, ttheyy are still slow. And we expect ttheym to pickup for tthey March spring break. That’s always tthey popular destination. So, ttheyy are not like pre-COVID at ttheir point in time, but we are seeing tthey growth, I don’t have tthey exact number in front of me. Todd Thomas Okay. And ttheyn shifting over to tthey retail segment and apologies if I missed ttheir, but just trying to understand that down 5% same-store NOI growth forecast for ‘22 a little bit better. What’s tthey impact year-over-year from out of period collections that were recognized during ‘21? And do you have that number for tthey fourth quarter just trying to get sort of a better run-rate theyading into tthey new year for that segment? Bob Barton Yes, I don’t have it for that segment. But I can tell you that our change in accounts receivables, which is wtheyre we book tthey collections from are down approximately $600,000 in tthey fourth quarter. We were about $1 million of collections in tthey third quarter from prior quarter collections. And in tthey fourth quarter that was down to like about $400,000 or less. So, it wasn’t that meaningful. And ttheyn going into 2022 in terms of our guidance, we have nothing in ttheyre for prior collections. I mean, every time we do a lease modification, we try to go back and get as much as we can at that point in time and ttheyn it’s generally in a deferral that we will build and collect in tthey current month. Todd Thomas Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn just last question on office sort of two things theyre, if we could – can we get an update at all around tthey leasing or pre-leasing for tthey tower at La Jolla? And ttheyn can you also provide an update in tthey office portfolio around tthey late ‘22 expirations that you have? I think VMware and Autodesk, if ttheyre is any updates ttheyre and any sort of activity that we should be thinking about late in tthey year or theyading into ‘23? Ernest Rady I think Steve should handle that. He is intimately involved with it. Do you want to handle it, Steve? Steve Center Sure. You addressed Tower 3 we have got activity, but nothing to report at ttheir point. But tthey market remains very strong. It’s tight for big lots of space. And ttheyre are a number of large users that are looking long-term at aggregating space. So we are still very bullish on Tower 3 and tthey eventual outcome ttheyre. With regard to tthey ‘22 rollover, we had come to terms with Autodesk on that second floor renewal. And we are papering that deal right now. And ttheyn we expect to get an RFP from VMware in tthey next week or two to engage in that discussion. Ernest Rady That market, wtheyre La Jolla Commons is, is very strong. We bid – it’s not an adjoining property, but a few 100 yards away and we got outbid by 25%. So – and we reactheyd for it too, because it is – that is a great market. So, it’s a strong market. I don’t know what tthey outcome will be as far as leasing goes, but based on tthey activity in tthey area, tthey outcome ought to be positive. Todd Thomas Okay, alright. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you. Steve Center Thanks, Todd. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your may proceed with your question. Craig Schmidt Thank you. I have just if we could talk a little bit about tthey increase in tenant improvements and leasing commissions in office. I assume it’s related to tthey new level of tthey new leases, but as you can comment especially on trends for 2022 on those measures? Steve Center Yes. And I am just looking at tthey numbers overall and I am focused on comparable new leases in ‘21. If you at tthey outcome, we increased NOI on those deals by $9.12 or about 22% over tthey rents prior and in place. And if you just apply a five cap to that increase, it’s worth about $182 a foot. So in terms of investment, for example, on tthey renovations we did at Torrey Reserve in both Torrey Plaza and North Court One, I think we spent about $15 a foot on those renovations and achieved outsized increases in NOI as well as leased ttheym quickly. Tthey big block initiative has paid off as evidenced in Q4 by tthey top 100 law firm lease that we did in 26,000 feet at North Court One. So, our average – our weighted average TIs on new leases last year was $50 a foot. You are touching spaces that in some respects tthey lighting package hasn’t changed in 20 years. So you are going from parabolic lights to new – a new lighting package LED and so that’s a $10 a foot swing right ttheyre. You are also seeing less full drop ceiling and more a combination of cloud ceiling and open ceiling, which requires rigid duct distribution of air and that’s anottheyr $10 a foot to a TI package. So we are seeing higtheyr end TIs. And we are also seeing really big co-investment on part of tthey tenants. So, while our TI contribution is up, our tenants in some respects are putting 2x into tthey space and even more in certain cases. So yes, tthey investment is bigger, but tthey increase in NOI that we are achieving and tthey quicker lease-up we are achieving way more than compensate for tthey additional costs. Craig Schmidt How would you describe tthey markets that our offices are in relative to what you read about in tthey newspaper at office? Steve Center I would talk about our assets within those markets. And I touctheyd on renewing Autodesk and it’s a great customer of ours and it’s a great building and we achieved what I’ll call a win-win outcome in a market that’s choppy. But wtheyn you have exceptional assets in markets even if it’s choppy around you, tthey outcomes are good, because people just want to be ttheyre. So, that applies to Bellevue, that applies to San Francisco and even our holdings in Portland, especially in Lloyd, we are full essentially in Lloyd. So we have done very well ttheyre. And ttheyn San Diego, it’s really fun right now, because we have made ttheyse investments I mentioned, Torrey Reserve and we are seeing tthey results right now. It’s a lot of fun. So we are – we have unique properties. We are in good markets, even in tthey markets that are a bit choppy right now, Portland and San Francisco wtheyre we are performing really well. I’ll say ttheyir management teams take really good care of our customers and that’s a huge part of success, especially in renewing tenants, but even on tthey new leasing front, our managers are very customer service oriented and engaging and ttheyy do a terrific job. Bob Barton Hey, Craig. Let me add to what Steve is saying is that I think tthey first part of your question was about tthey operating CapEx, which drove down our funds available for distribution ttheir quarter. And really what that relates to is a one-time TI reimbursement for our largest tenant at Landmark. And that’s what drove that down. That’s been out ttheyre for some time and we finally got tthey invoice. So, we are pleased to have that. Adam Wyll And just as a matter of information, that tenant spent, I think anottheyr $100 million of ttheyir own money for tthey property. So yes, we are investing wisely. And I know you are very familiar with all tthey ottheyr markets we are in. But San Diego is on fire. I have been around theyre for a lot of years. And I have never seen tthey San Diego economy as strong as it is today. Biotech lab space, it’s amazing. I mean we are in tthey right place at tthey right time. Craig Schmidt Thank you for that. And ttheyn just one small follow-up, tthey lower occupancy at Del Monte Center, is that due to tthey previous vacant 2021, or is that smaller specialty business is driving to tthey ADG 0.1% occupancy? Ernest Rady Ttheyre is two vacancies ttheyre. One, as Macy’s abandoned tthey furniture store, and tthey ottheyr is Forever 21. And we are doing our best to replace those tenants. But of all tthey properties we have wtheyreas problem with Del Monte as any ottheyr, but it does not have enough population around it to really make it into what we would like it to be. But it’s all it can be. But it - what it can – all it can be is limited by tthey fact that tthey population is not as dense as it should be in that area. Craig Schmidt Great, I think I mean, I guess that’s a better position to be in tthey NAV, tthey specialty gets so hard. Thank you for that update. Ernest Rady Thank you, Craig. Hope to see you soon. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hey, guys. It’s Adam on – theyy, it’s Adam on for Rich. Hope you guys are all well. And thanks for taking tthey question and appreciate tthey bridge earlier to kind of tthey guidance, really, really theylpful. Once to ask about kind of tthey mixed use asset, it’s kind of in terms of kind of recovery to pre-COVID NOI, I think your ottheyr property types, ttheyy didn’t recover in ‘21, should kind of recover to 2019 levels and exceed those results. I am just kind of wondering what you kind of think about recovery to pre-COVID NOI in mixed use wtheyttheyr that’s a ‘23, ‘24 events and just kind of how you think about that? Ernest Rady From what I read, tthey American tourist is anxious to travel. And right now, we just don’t know wtheyn. But I think wtheyn ttheir thing opens up, people are anxious to get out and have vacation and I suspect maybe I hope for unprecedented demand for our Hawaiian properties. Just people are anxious to travel, sick and tired of staying home. So, we don’t know wtheyn, I mean we don’t know what extent. And I would like to tell you that we do because we don’t, you probably know as well as you read tthey newspapers as well as we do. Adam Wyll We are hopeful to see a significant outperformance beginning in tthey third quarter. But again, that’s, let’s get rid of ttheir COVID. Ernest Rady So, it’s not anything you can predict, we don’t think you can hope for. And it’s something that we honestly expect that we don’t know tthey time. Unidentified Analyst Okay, that’s all really theylpful. Thank you. And I just want to ask about kind of acquisitions recognized kind of made two larger deals last year? I guess kind of what’s tthey appetite today for future acquisitions, furttheyr acquisitions, kind of given tthey debt levels, but also kind of given that EBITDA is obviously recovering, right? So, your net debt to EBITDA will just look better organically and kind of recover organically. So kind of, what asset types are you focused on for acquisitions theyre and kind of what are you thinking ttheyre in terms of valuation and furttheyr acquisitions? Ernest Rady You couldn’t have asked a question, which is more contentious, or more internally debated than tthey question you just asked. I think that money costs today are a modest compared to inflation. If you can borrow money at 3% or 4%, and inflation is 7%. Tthey economy is paying you to take tthey money. If you can buy a property which will return more than tthey cost of tthey money, ttheyre is accretion. Ttheyre is a great internal debate about net debt to EBITDA. And we have been examining those numbers very thoroughly. So, if we found something that would – and tthey prices are not compelling, tthey prices are really high. So, you have to find something that is below replacement cost that you can add to and increase tthey value. And that’s we have been successful with doing. And so we continue to explore all tthey possibilities, including tthey retention of our net debt to EBITDA, including tthey enhancements to tthey shareholder value, because of inflation, including tthey fact that all of our properties replacement cost is increasing dramatically. Jerry estimates that if we were to have to buyout La Jolla Commons today versus wtheyn we bought it at tthey bottom, bought tthey contracts out at tthey bottom of tthey coronavirus. Go atheyad. Adam Wyll That would have been upwards of 30% more. Ernest Rady And that’s on what size of tthey contract? Adam Wyll On $100 million. Ernest Rady $100 million, so that’s $30 million. Ttheir is happening across our portfolio. It doesn’t happen if tthey demand isn’t ttheyre to compensate for tthey cost. But ttheir is happening across our portfolio. And that’s why I am so optimistic about tthey quality and tthey position of tthey American Assets Trust portfolio. It’s not only a great inflation theydge, I think its performance over tthey mid-term will outpace inflation. Unidentified Analyst Got it. And just kind of in terms of a property – by property type. I mean is ttheyre more of an appetite for office rattheyr than multifamily? If you could kind of get tthey kind of power rank tthey different property types, what would kind of be, be first that you would buy it? Ernest Rady I hate to tell you ttheir. But our appetite is governed by greed. If we find ttheyre is an opportunity in office, which we have in Bellevue, because we are very optimistic about that market. We did it if we could find apartments, which are now trading in tthey mid-3% cap, wtheyre we could improve ttheym and improve tthey returns. We do that, if we could find retail, that ttheyre was upside, we do that. So, we have tthey advantage of looking at three product types in several markets. And we are going to do what we think enhances tthey underlying value of our stockholders – for our stockholders as best we can. So obviously, tthey emphasis has been in office, because we found a couple of office products. But at tthey same time, we are investing in our residential dramatically improving tthey properties we have. At tthey same time, we are looking at every opportunity we can for retail. So, we have got our weattheyr eye peeled to find something that will add to tthey value of our shares. And at isn’t easy, tthey thing that’s easy is to see that money costs are least or moderate in relation to inflation. But ttheyn you have to find a product that is not overpriced. And so that’s accretive. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thanks for tthey time, really appreciate it. Ernest Rady Thank you for your interest. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Tamara Fique with Wells Fargo. You may proceed with your question. Tamara Fique Thank you very much. Wondering, I guess a couple of questions. Given tthey increased leasing activity that you saw in tthey fourth quarter, it drove your sign, but not opened rents to get more than double what was reported in our third quarter, can you just talk about how much of that…? Adam Wyll Tammy, somehow something wrong with our speaker system theyre, if you kind of step back from your microphone, we might be able to theyar you better, please. Tamara Fique Okay, is ttheir better? Ernest Rady Is that better? Adam Wyll We hope so. Tamara Fique Okay, given. Adam Wyll Let us speak to you in person, Tammy, I can tell you that. Tamara Fique Good enough. Given tthey increased leasing activity in tthey fourth quarter that drove your signed but not open rents to more than double what you reported in tthey third quarter, I guess, can you just talk about how much of that you expect to come online in 2022. And ttheyn, secondly, related, are you generally delivering spaces to tenants on time given tthey supply and labor constraints in tthey market today? Adam Wyll Do you want to handle that Steve? Steve Center I will let Jerry, you should. Jerry Gammieri We are doing it well in terms of timing, because we are integrated from having in-house legal to having a really talented construction team. So, we got in front of it. We don’t work – we work parallel paths while we are going through a transaction. So, as a result, we have tthey lease execution, we typically have an approved plan that we can readily go into CDs, and we do everything we can to expedite tthey process, because our tenants have time constraints, and we take those on as our own. So, we perform well. That being said, ttheyre are delays in permitting. Ttheyre are delays in certain materials. We tend to have an urgency to get in. And we will have that move in. And if you have a long lead time on certain millwork, ttheyy will move in and start operating. And ttheyn we will do tthey millwork after ttheyy moved in. So, you make those kinds of moves to meet ttheyir needs to operate, and give ttheym tthey space that ttheyy want. So, we are adapting, but we do it really well. Adam Wyll It’s difficult, but we do as well as anybody. I think that would be tthey way to phrase it. Jerry Gammieri I agree. Ernest Rady No, it is not. If tthey supply chain is strained and ttheyre are labor constraints, but one of tthey points that we made and Steve has really brought to us is we instituted ttheir program with specs leads. So, I would like to call those ready rooms. And ttheyn as we found tenants to lease some of those spaces that might have been adding one office or taking out one office, so we were able to adapt pretty quickly. And we had some inventory. So, we have – timing has been good for us. Adam Wyll I think we have a great team that’s doing a great job. But it isn’t easy. Tamara Fique Okay, appreciate that. And ttheyn maybe following up on your discussion around your appetite to be a larger company, what do you see as tthey best pathway to getting to tthey level that you feel you are maximizing your G&A cost? Is it just slow and steady or is ttheyre a bigger transaction that you see you can do to get ttheyre quicker, just wondering if you can give us your perspective on that, and what’s kind of governing that? Adam Wyll If our stock was fairly priced, that wouldn’t be a path to be larger. But at tthey price of our stock today, that’s not a path. If anottheyr path would be to find somebody who would like to throw ttheyir lot in with ours, that ain’t easy eittheyr. So, I would say tthey ultimate outcome is slow, but steady wins tthey race. And that’s what we are working on, bit by bit, piece by piece you can see that wtheyn we issued that $500 million of bonds, we were a year early. But now interest rates are moving up. But that fixed rate has a lot – fixed rate on that bonds for 10 years has allowed us some flexibility. We recently extended a bank loan and locked in tthey rate. So, it’s slow, but steady wins tthey rate. We start – wtheyn we started ttheir company, it was a public entity, about $1.7 billion in assets. Now, I estimate our underlying value is about $5 billion to $6 billion. So, and we didn’t do anything dramatic. If we had our nose down on our ass up, and just look in tthey deal. And somehow we find tthey ways to enhance shareholder value. Tthey inconsistency is that tthey stock market doesn’t seem to recognize that. So, tthey way I put it, I can buy real estate ctheyaper on Wall Street than I can on Main Street, wtheyre we can buy. Wtheyn tthey reverse is true, we will be able to take advantage of that opportunity, hopefully, for tthey benefit of all our stockholders, so stick with us. Tamara Fique Okay. And ttheyn maybe just a follow-up on that an earlier comment on tthey broker transactions, you said, supportive, that you are trading at a discount to NAV. I am just wondering if tthey team can provide some more specific data points to theylp give us a sense for cap rates in your markets for your different asset types? Adam Wyll That’s a really good question. You are asking, is ttheyre a guidance available for NAV loss. You are not coming through clearly. That’s why I am translating it. Ernest Rady Thank you. Adam Wyll Are you planning on guidance for tthey NAV, I can tell you that by [indiscernible] I feel we have got A and ttheyn I extrapolate that to what we own and I said oh my god, what a disconnect? Now, Bob, you have anything that is concrete. Bob Barton Yes. We haven’t publittheyyd that for tthey last 2 years during COVID. But tthey intent would be is to issue an NAV, because we are a diversified. We try to theylp people understand how we are thinking, but it’s something to Board approval. And we need to look at it and discuss it. But we are – we feel good about wtheyre tthey NAV is last time we looked at it. And we look forward to going through that process. It would probably be at tthey beginning of tthey third quarter. Adam Wyll If our apartments are selling at 3.5% cap, what our apartments worth, if office wtheyre we are improving ttheym, and rents are going up dramatically. And we are having to find particular properties wtheyre we can improve ttheym, what our office properties were, some of which are stellar. Our retail, even retail is trading at cap rates, that don’t seem to discount what’s affecting retail. So, I would love to buy some more retail, but ttheyre is no bargains out ttheyre. So, you look around and say, ttheir is what tthey market tells you. And ttheyn we look what we have and ttheyre is ttheir giant disconnect. Tamara Fique Okay. It makes sense. I look forward to tthey updated NAV. And ttheyn just one last question, if I could, I know your cash on tthey balance ttheyyet about $140 million today? Is that your mark at ttheir point for development spending in ‘22? Bob, maybe just if you could give us some color on tthey sources and uses of capital underlying your 2022 guidance? Bob Barton Yes. So, we have about $140 million of cash in tthey bank today. We got $400 million line of credits, does not even been touctheyd. So yes, I mean in ttheyory, that cash would be used for finishing La Jolla Commons, finishing our renovation on One Beach. So, One Beach is expected to be finittheyyd in tthey third quarter of ‘22. And we expect to have revenue coming in by July, by tthey third quarter sometime in ‘23. And we are hoping – and again, that’s subject to leasing. But we feel good about that renovation. And ttheyn La Jolla Commons III, we are hopeful to have that completed by tthey end of tthey second quarter in ‘23, with revenue coming in at tthey beginning of ‘24. Again, that’s based on what we know in tthey marketplace, nothing has been committed or signed at ttheir point in time. But we don’t think that is unrealistic. But we will see. Ernest Rady If you want somebody to manage your cash, you couldn’t find anybody better than Bob Barton. He is very brutal in their analysis of how every penny is spent and we do our best to spend it wisely. Tamara Fique Okay, great. Thank you so much for your time. Ernest Rady Thank you. Adam Wyll Thank you, Tammy. Operator Thank you. And I am not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Ernest Rady for any furttheyr remarks. Ernest Rady Okay, stay well, you guys. Don’t get any viruses. Wear a mask. And we hope to see you soon and give you all a hug. And we get through ttheir nonsense that we have been to for tthey last 2 years. But I have always said tthey portfolio will come through better off and ttheyn we will began and I think that’s still how I feel. Thank you all. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.