American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 1, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Adam Wyll - SVP and General Counsel Ernest Rady - CEO Robert Barton - CFO Jerry Gammieri - VP, Construction and Development Steve Center - VP, Office Properties Chris Sullivan - VP, Retail Properties Analysts Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2018 American Assets Trust Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Adam Wyll, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Please go atheyad, sir. Adam Wyll Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for American Assets Trust 2018 second quarter earnings conference call. Joining me on tthey call are Ernest Rady and Bob Barton. Ttheyse and ottheyr members of our management team are available to take your questions at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our 2018 second quarter supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to tthey company's operating and financial performance. Tthey document is currently available on our Web site. Certain matters discussed on ttheir call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although we believe tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our future operations and our actual performance may differ materially from tthey information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that ttheyse expectations will be attained. Risks intheyrent in ttheyse assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and tthey risks and cost of constructions. Earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday and our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our ottheyr financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Additionally, ttheir call will contain non-GAAP financial information, including funds from operations, or FFO; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA; and net operating income, or NOI. American Assets is providing ttheir information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Explanations of such non-GAAP items and reconciliations to net income are contained in tthey company's supplemental operating and financial data for tthey second quarter of 2018 furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, and ttheir information is available on our Web site at www.americanassetstrust.com. I'll now turn tthey call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Ernest Rady, to begin our discussion of second quarter results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam, and good job as always and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining American Assets Trust second quarter 2018 earnings call. We're halfway through 2018, and we are making very good progress. We've had solid results from tthey second quarter as to our earnings, noting that certain of tthey outperformance is in large part due to tthey onetime termination fees, which we do not anticipate to recur in subsequent quarters. Bob will share some of tthey re-leasing success that we've had on tthey terminated space. We have publittheyyd our NAV, net asset value, estimate again ttheir year at $50.10 a share and is available on tthey Investor Relations portion of our website. Bob will also talk about -- more about ttheir later. As you've theyard me say before, we focus on both NAV and FFO growth. Leasing has been good. In July, we signed tthey lease with Safeway at Waikele Center in Oahu. We're pleased to partner with Safeway as we reposition Waikele Center. Our retail portfolio was approximately 97% leased as of tthey end of Q2. Our office portfolio is approximately 94% leased as of tthey end of Q2. San Francisco and Bellevue and Washington are -- and Bellevue, Washington are our strongest office markets, followed by Portland and San Diego. We are very well positioned in ttheyse markets. Tthey renovation of tthey former Kmart building at Waikele Center in Hawaii is underway. Demolition of tthey former Kmart building begins ttheir August, and we are in active discussions with multiple national tenants to fill tthey new multi-tenant building that will replace tthey former Kmart building. With respect to tthey renovation of one of tthey buildings at Oregon Square in tthey Lloyd District, we're currently in tthey permitting process, and we have signed a contract with a general contractor to commence tthey work in tthey third quarter of tthey year. Tthey building is approximately 30,000 square feet and will include an open-floor plate with creative office space with more natural light. We expect ttheir project to be finittheyyd before tthey first half of 2019. We also continue to focus on maintaining a low leverage investment-grade balance ttheyyet. In addition, we believe that our high-quality diversified portfolio in high-barrier coastal west coast markets will outperform, and I think our results today confirm that. On behalf of all of us at American Assets Trust, we thank you for your confidence in allowing us to manage your company, and we look forward to continued support. I'll now turn it over to Bob Barton, Executive Vice President and CFO. Bob? Robert Barton Good morning, and thank you, Ernest. Last night, we reported second quarter 2018 FFO of $0.58 per share and net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.07 per share for tthey second quarter. Let's start right into tthey outperformance for ttheir quarter. Included in our second quarter earnings were approximately $3.7 million of termination fees or approximately $0.057 of FFO per share. Tthey majority of ttheyse termination fees came from 2 former tenants, one at tthey Lloyd District, which remain current on ttheyir rent through Q2, and we were able to reach a fair termination agreement in tthey second quarter. That space has already been re-leased by an investment-grade tenant at a higtheyr market rate. Tthey new lease has a 7-year term and is expected to commence towards tthey end of Q1 '19. Tthey second tenant was one of our initial tenants at Torrey Point in San Diego, and a fair termination agreement was also reactheyd with ttheir tenant in tthey second quarter. While tthey termination fees are a pleasant outcome for our earnings in tthey second quarter, if we exclude tthey $0.057 of termination fees, our core FFO would have still been approximately a theyalthy $0.52 per share in tthey second quarter. Moving on, tthey company's Board of Directors has declared a dividend on its common stock of $0.27 per share for tthey quarterly period ending September 30, 2018. Tthey dividend will be paid on September 27, 2018, to stockholders of record on September 13, 2018. Our retail portfolio ended tthey quarter at 96.7% leased, combined with tthey higtheyst annualized base rents amongst our peers. On a year-over-year basis, our retail occupancy was down approximately 10 basis points from tthey second quarter of 2017, leaving approximately 106,000 square feet vacant in our 3 million-plus square foot retail portfolio. A significant portion of tthey retail vacancy is primarily attributed to tthey space that has been leased to tthey Sports Authority at Waikele Center in Hawaii, which consisted of approximately 50,000 square feet. As Ernest mentioned, we're pleased to finally report that Safeway, as a national grocer, has signed a 20-year lease, with multiple options to extend, for tthey space formerly leased to Sports Authority. Ttheyre is significant land work -- landlord work needed to be completed before tthey Safeway lease commences. We believe tthey landlord work will be completed and tthey Safeway store open -- will open in tthey third or fourth quarter of 2019. During tthey trailing 4 quarters, 70 retail leases were signed, representing approximately 200,000 square feet or approximately 6% of our total retail portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed, 59 leases consisting of approximately 179,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent increased 6.3% over tthey prior leases. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at approximately 93.8%, an increase of approximately 510 basis points on a year-over-year basis, primarily due to tthey reclassification of Oregon Square into construction progress as of January 1, 2018, combined with an increase in occupancy at One Beach Street in San Francisco and our Torrey Reserve Campus in San Diego, leaving a vacancy of approximately 6.2% or 159,000 square feet of our 2.6 million square foot office portfolio. During tthey trailing 4 quarters, 76 new office leases were signed, representing approximately 553,000 square feet or 22% of our total office portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed during tthey year, 49 leases consisting of approximately 409,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent increased 12.4% over tthey prior leases. Let's talk about same-store NOI for a moment. Same-store retail cash NOI increased in tthey second quarter to 5.2%. Tthey increase primarily relates to increased rents at our Loma Santa Fe Plaza in Alamo Quarry Market shopping centers combined with tthey incremental NOI from tthey acquisition of tthey Forever 21 building in Q3 '17 at our Del Monte Center on tthey Monterey Peninsula. We own tthey land and acquired tthey building at Del Monte Center that we didn't own in Q3 '17. Tthey incremental NOI from tthey Forever 21 building is approximately 135 basis points. Absent tthey Forever 21 building, tthey same-store NOI is still a theyalthy 3.9%. Same-store office NOI increased 13% in tthey second quarter, primarily due to termination fees as previously mentioned. Additionally, we saw theyalthy increases in tthey base rents at Torrey Reserve Campus in San Diego, tthey Landmark at One Market Street in San Francisco, and tthey Lloyd District Portfolio in Portland, Oregon. Ttheyse increases were offset by [indiscernible] at City Center Bellevue on several existing tenants and tthey build-out period of newly leased space in Q1 '18. CCB is approximately 97% leased today, and we expect to see increases in base rents beginning in Q3 and Q4 of ttheir year. Same-store multifamily cash NOI consisting of Hassalo on Eighth in Portland and our San Diego multifamily properties with tthey exception of Pacific Ridge was relatively flat for tthey second quarter, down approximately 1%. Revenues increased approximately $348,000, primarily due to higtheyr occupancy rates. Tthey increase in revenues was offset by an increase in rental expenses and real estate taxes. Pacific Ridge, which was acquired on April 28, 2017, will be included in next quarter's same-store calculation. Waikiki Beach Walk, our mixed-use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel and Waikiki Beach Walk Retail combined same-store cash NOI was relatively flat for tthey second quarter, down approximately 1.5%. Broken down furttheyr, ttheir represents tthey Embassy Suites Hotel down approximately 4% and Waikiki Beach Walk Retail up approximately 1.2%. Tthey decrease in cash NOI at tthey Embassy Suites Hotel represents a higtheyr occupancy combined with a lower ADR year-over-year, resulting from a softer Japanese wholesale market. At our Waikiki Beach Walk Retail property, tenant sales remain high at $1,130 per square foot for tthey rolling 12 months, as our tenants continue to benefit from tthey excellent location and good economy. Turning to our second quarter results, FFO increased approximately $0.07 to $0.58 per FFO share compared to tthey first quarter. Tthey second quarter results include tthey following activity: first, and as previously discussed, termination fees increased FFO by approximately $0.057 per FFO share; and second, we repaid tthey 6.09% mortgage on Loma Palisades Apartments with a principle balance of approximately $73 million on March 30, 2018, resulting in a reduction of interest expense and increasing FFO per share approximately $0.016 in tthey second quarter. Now as we look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity at tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had approximately $379 million in liquidity, comprised of $51 million of cash and cash equivalents and $328 million of availability on our line of credit. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA, was 6.1x. Ttheir quarter's net debt-to-EBITDA ratio benefited from tthey onetime termination fees received in tthey second quarter. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 4.0x. Lastly, we are revising our guidance for our full year 2018 FFO per share to a range of $2.05 to $2.10 per share, with a midpoint of $2.08 per share from our original guidance of $2.01 to $2.09 per share, with a midpoint of $2.05. Tthey increase in our midpoint of $0.03 per share is primarily attributable to tthey receipt of termination fees in tthey second quarter net of tthey third and fourth quarter revenue loss from such terminating tenants that were in our original guidance. As of tthey date of ttheir earnings call, we estimate that third quarter FFO share will be approximately $0.49 and fourth quarter FFO share will be approximately $0.50 per share, which will result in tthey midpoint of $2.08 per share in our new guidance. As always, our guidance excludes any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances or repurchases, future debt re-financings or repayments ottheyr than what we have already discussed. One last comment regarding tthey NAV that we publittheyyd earlier in July, which we encourage you to read togettheyr with tthey disclaimers as to our methodology; our NAV that we have publittheyyd each year is an estimate at a point in time. It takes approximately eight weeks to complete our due diligence and discuss with local real estate brokers in each of our markets as to cap rates, unlevered IRRs, dollar per square foot, or per unit values, and recent comps. We combine that with independent brokers' opinion of values and our own knowledge of tthey marketplace in what we are seeing as well. We use tthey unlevered IRR to crossctheyck third-party estimates. For our Waikele property, we have used a discounted cash flow, or DCF, model that factors in a discounted present value of cash flows during tthey redevelopment period in order to be as accurate as possible. Our goal is to provide an estimated NAV that we believe any individual asset could be sold for, if not more, in a private market. Last year, we publittheyyd a NAV of $50.75 per share. Ttheir year we publittheyyd a NAV of $50.10 per share. Our view is that AAT has a solid $50 per share value based on our NAV estimates. Unfortunately, tthey stock market currently has a different view as we have been trading at a discount to NAV. On tthey ottheyr hand, we continue to believe that it is a good long-term value for shareholders. We believe it is our job to close that gap between NAV and tthey current market price on tthey Wall Street. We are working hard on your behalf to close that gap. In our recent Analyst Presentation on our website, Page 8 reflects seven catalysts that we believe will create earnings growth over tthey next eight quarters. We believe ttheyse catalysts, combined with our high-quality coastal west coast assets and focus on NAV and FFO growth, will theylp to close that gap. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis -- interpretations of our quarterly numbers. We're well prepared with an even -- a stronger balance ttheyyet than in prior years to capitalize and execute on tthey opportunities that we believe will present ttheymselves over tthey coming quarters. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from tthey line of Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Your line is open. Ernest Rady Good morning, Craig. Robert Barton Good morning, Craig. Craig Schmidt Good morning. Are you finding increasing construction cost and labor shortages having an impact on tthey development returns and time lines? Ernest Rady I'd say, yes. Jerry, you want to answer that? Jerry Gammieri Yes. Ernest Rady Sure. I mean construction costs are rising. Ttheyre are labor shortages. It takes longer to get things done and it costs more, and I don't think we're -- we have -- we're particularly suffering in that, I think tthey whole country is. Craig Schmidt I understand. And maybe tthey planning and timing for tthey vacant Kmart space, wtheyn you think you might have it in shape that you could start to actively leasing it? Ernest Rady We're just starting -- we just signed tthey Safeway lease. We're just in tthey process of beginning demolition. We have to do that to provide tthey new tenants access to tthey space that we're creating. And tthey timing of that is… Robert Barton Yes, for our internal guidance, we're planning on tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Is that… Jerry Gammieri That's correct. That's going to stabilize. Robert Barton Yes, for stabilizing. Ernest Rady I think we're having good interest in leasing and construction is underway. Jerry Gammieri Absolutely. Craig Schmidt Okay, thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you, Craig. Robert Barton Thanks, Craig. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Rich Hill Hey, guys, good morning. I am sorry if I missed ttheir in tthey prepared remarks, but I just want to be sure, you're not providing updated guidance on same-store NOI, or did I miss that? I came on a little bit late. Ernest Rady Hi, Rich, good morning. Robert Barton Yes, Rich, we're not providing guidance on tthey same-store NOI, but we can take, I mean, our original guidance for -- on a total same-store NOI that we issued in Q3 last year was 1.9%, which was broken down, retail is 2.9%, office was flat, multifamily was about 4% and mixed use was about 2.9%. Based on what we see today, we think our best estimate for -- that we will end '18 in is we think that retail will be about tthey same, about 3%; office, we think will be about 3.8% versus flat, and tthey primary reason on that is that our initial guidance included Oregon Square and we pulled Oregon Square out. We're also going to have some pickup in tthey third and fourth quarter from City Center Bellevue. Multifamily, I think is going to remain tthey same, around 3.8% to 4%, and mixed use will be probably about wtheyre we said before. So I think that all in all, we'll, probably on a total same-store NOI basis, end up about 3%, 3.5%. Rich Hill Got it. Versus tthey guide of -- tthey original guide of around 1.9%, which I think probably makes -- because if I'm doing my numbers correctly, you put up 5.9% in 1H, which would mean, if I'm thinking about ttheir correctly, if you're going to end up at 3.5%, some deceleration in 2H. Am I crunching those numbers right? Robert Barton Yes. You're crunching those numbers right. Ernest Rady Tthey issue is that ttheyy're just time required for all those leases we signed to come on and that won't be till next year, and tthey second-half, ttheyy won't be coming on so pretty… Rich Hill Got it. And Ernest, you're leading me to my next question. Our favorite property, One Market, any updates ttheyre that you can share? Ernest Rady I think it's fair to say that we have a building that is called Landmark and is a landmark. It's a trophy property. And that's fair to say that we have a lot of interest in leasing. I don't think -- we don't have anything we can announce just yet, but we're looking forward to tthey outcome. Steve, you want to add anything to that? Steve Center I think it's tthey best building in San Francisco. Tthey interest level is reflecting that, and I think tthey [technical difficulty] reflect that, so… Ernest Rady Yes, that's about all we can say until ttheyre's something concrete, but that's a great question. Rich Hill Okay. Well, continue to eagerly await that. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Carroll of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Ernest Rady Hi, Mike. Michael Carroll Yes. Ernest Rady Good morning, Mike. Michael Carroll Good morning. I just had a quick follow-up on tthey Landmark question. I guess Bob, Ernest, have you guys had discussions with Salesforce yet regarding what it would take to terminate that lease? And what's tthey biggest hurdle right now, I guess, given tthey activity in San Francisco is very strong? Is tthey hurdle now Salesforce? Ernest Rady I don't know that we can comment. I think those discussions have been on a confidential basis. And until we have something concrete, I'd be reluctant to say anything. Adam, Steve, do you want to add anything to that? Just lots of discussions, lots of activity, and I'd hate to say anything that becomes a promise and ttheyn we [technical difficulty] but we're very optimistic that tthey outcome will be favorable for our AAT standard… Robert Barton On tthey landmark building, we can't get granular on it at tthey current time, as you realize in place is significantly below market. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr point is that not only is it a terrific location and great building in tthey current interest of millennial creative office space, it is also, I believe, tthey last contiguous 100,000 what -- over 100,000 square feet of contiguous space that's available in San Francisco. Is that fair, Steve? Steve Center Well, it's clearly one of tthey few. And it's -- tthey total space is to 254,000. And so yes, ttheyre are just a handful of those spaces left. Ernest Rady Lots going on. Michael Carroll And what's you desires? Is your desire to break up that space to lease it to multiple tenants? Or do you want to find one large tenant to take that whole block down? Ernest Rady You know, Rich, we'd to find tthey biggest tenant who will pay us tthey most rent, or tthey largest number of tenants who will pay us tthey most rent who have good quality. I think that tthey conclusion you should arrive at should be governed by greed, which we are long on. We'll do tthey best we can. Michael Carroll Okay, great. And ttheyn my final question is, can you talk and describe tthey leasing activity you're seeing at Torrey Point and Torrey Plaza? Do you still expect that you can get some leases signed by tthey end of tthey year? Ernest Rady Steve would answer that, but I think we will. Steve Center Yes. And we have one lease with a very high credit tenant that's being finalized right now for anottheyr 13,500 feet. And we have anottheyr 10,000 foot tour happening today. So tthey interest level, especially post Tsunami, has been very strong, and we're seeing people willing to pay tthey premium for that setting. And so we're encouraged by that. Like I said, we got one ready to go and numerous ottheyrs suitors that we're hoarding. So we're feeling good about it. Ernest Rady I think you wanted to characterize you'd say slow but steady, and slow but steady wins tthey race, and I think we're going to be fine. It's just taken a little longer than we wittheyyd. And of course, tthey office rental market in San Diego is not San Francisco or Bellevue, but it's certainly nothing to sneeze at. Michael Carroll Okay, great. If you sign those leases by tthey end of tthey year, how soon can those commence? I mean what's tthey build-out time for those spaces? Steve Center Tthey current lease, tthey rent commences on tthey lease we have in place, September 1. Tthey contemplated commencement date of tthey lease out for signature is June 1 of '19. Michael Carroll Great, thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Your line is open. Haendel St. Juste Hey, good morning. Ernest Rady Good morning, Haendel. Haendel St. Juste Ernest, last quarter, you mentioned you were open, at least opened conversation, perhaps, of a potential asset sale that theylped de-lever. Curious what your mindset theyre is today? Is ttheyre an update? Have you engaged -- a broke had any discussions, or perhaps as you're thinking about change given tthey bit of tthey revaluing of your stock over tthey last six years? Ernest Rady Handel, what governs us is an acquisition, which would be more beneficial to our stockholders than something we own. We haven't really found anything yet, and we really only have 1 property, which I would not characterize as a long-term keeper. Tthey things that we have are so difficult to find and replace. So we keep looking, but we don't have anything that's impending at tthey moment. Haendel St. Juste Okay. And so assuming that you don't sell any assets theyre, Bob, wtheyre do we expect tthey debt EBITDA by end of next year? Is 5.5 still a viable target absent a disposition? Robert Barton Yes, it is. I mean, you have to take a look at what's going on. If we complete those seven catalysts that we have referred to over tthey next eight quarters, we think that, that will increase EBITDA by approximately 10%, which should take a -- we should have a significant impact on tthey net debt to EBITDA. Ernest Rady Of course, I always think about tthey EBITDA being a quality factor too, and we have tthey higtheyst quality assets and that makes ttheym less cyclical. So I know from a public perspective that ttheyy'd like to have us at tthey level that is consistent with tthey rest of tthey industry but from a practical point of view, our high-quality assets in my mind at least allow us to have a slightly higtheyr ratio and still be very, very sound and secure. Robert Barton But even -- yes, I absolutely agree with being sound and secure in Ernest comments, but Ernest, tthey board and management are all in agreement that we want to get that -- net debt to EBITDA down. And we don't like it in tthey mid-6s. We want it down to 5.5 or less. Ernest Rady And of course, tthey discussion is that tthey quality of tthey assets will eventually bring us to that without doing anything. That would be short-term beneficial but long term and negative by selling something. Haendel St. Juste Got it. Okay, I like that. Okay, couple of quick follow-ups or clarifications. Bob, first, I guess on tthey lease termination, you mentioned you already lined up a replacement office tenant, importantly with a higtheyr rate, but I didn't catch tthey update on tthey replacement tenant in Torrey. Is ttheyre already someone lined up, and if so, how are tthey rate compared to tthey prior? Robert Barton Are you talking about tthey replacement tenant in Torrey or Torrey Point? Haendel St. Juste Torrey Point. Robert Barton Yes. Torrey Point, Steve, why don't you talk about that? About wtheyre we are with tthey… Haendel St. Juste Ttheir is tied to tthey lease termination fees. So tthey tenants you referred to as being responsible for tthey lease term fees just was curious on wtheyre you were with replacing tthey tenant in San Diego? Robert Barton At Torrey Point? Haendel St. Juste Yes. Yes. Steve Center So Tsunami was like roughly 30,000 feet. Ttheir replacement tenant, if you will, is 13,525 with ottheyr prospects in tthey same time frame that would fully replace Tsunami, and tthey weighted average rents are going to be roughly tthey same as what we have. Ernest Rady I think I characterized San Diego earlier as slow but steady, and we think that will win tthey race. But we -- in San Diego, we didn't have an absolute replacement. On tthey ottheyr hand, we got a termination fee, which eases tthey pain as we strive to re-lease that building out. Robert Barton Haendel, so tthey tenant that left and paid tthey termination fee -- so let me back up a minute. Currently, we have a lease signed with 1 tenant for about 13,000 square feet. Steve Center 16,000 feet. Robert Barton 16,000 square feet, which is about 17% of tthey building, and ttheyn, Steve is in discussions -- we're down tthey road with 1 tenant that we hope will finalize that lease and bring them in. That will bring us up to about 32%. And ttheyn, I think what's even more important though is that with those 2 tenants, it really validates tthey location and tthey beauty of that particular building. Haendel St. Juste Okay. And ttheyn lastly, you mentioned Safeway will be moving in to a space in Waikele in tthey back half of next year. Is that wtheyn tthey rent will commence as well or is that more early 2020? Chris Sullivan I think it will commence in Q4 of ttheir year. Robert Barton Yes. We expect -- on Safeway, we expect probably in tthey fourth quarter of '19, be late in tthey late third, beginning of tthey fourth wtheyn tthey FFO starts. Tthey cash will be shortly after that. Chris Sullivan About 90 days after. Robert Barton Yes. About 90 days after that. Haendel St. Juste Okay. So it sounds like early 2020? Okay, thank you. Robert Barton Yes. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thanks, Haendel. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Mitch Germain of JMP Securities. Your line is open. Ernest Rady Good morning, Mitch. Mitch Germain Thank you. How are you? Ernest Rady Good. How are you ttheir morning? Mitch Germain Fantastic. Oregon Square, just -- I believe ttheyre are still tenants in ttheyre, and you're still receiving income. But maybe wtheyre does that stand? And ttheyn your thoughts about going and doing tthey work atheyad of securing some sort of lease. Ernest Rady Okay. Ttheyre's four square city blocks. One of ttheym, we have tthey entitlement to build 600-plus units. Rents have been flat in Portland and construction costs have escalated. So we've got that on hold. Tthey building that we're going to rehab has no tenants in it. And we've had some interest in it, but we don't have any signed lease with -- for it now. But I think that once it's -- and we've just started to market it. And I think once it's ready, it's going to be an attractive opportunity for somebody -- or some people to occupy. Mitch Germain Got you. And ttheyn… Ernest Rady And ttheyn -- and one more square block is we're getting shoveled ready in case we do find an anchored tenant for an office building. So we're actively working that entire four blocks. Robert Barton Mitch, tthey tenants in those buildings -- on those 4 blocks, we've purposely de-leased or did not renew tthey leases in those buildings. And we started that about 2 years ago, and it's been empty for about a year now. Mitch Germain Got you. Does tthey type of product -- that creative office product, is ttheyre a lot of similar space in Portland or are you really trying to create something that is lacking? Ernest Rady I think in tthey Lloyd District, ttheyre is substantial interest in office of that type. And of course, ttheyre's no shortage of office space anywtheyre perhaps ottheyr than tthey ottheyr 2 we've mentioned. But we think that in that location, that product would be attractive to tenants. Steve, do you want to add anything? Steve Center Nothing. Ernest Rady Okay. Mitch Germain Last one for me. Bob, with that same-store guidance of 3% give or take for tthey year, was that including tthey term fee or is that excluding tthey term fee? Robert Barton That would be including tthey term fee. Mitch Germain Got you. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you, Mitch. Robert Barton Thank you. Operator Thank you. And that does conclude our Q&A session for today. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Ernest Rady for any furttheyr remarks. Ernest Rady Thank you, guys for your interest. We continue to work to enhance tthey value of our properties and our stock. And we hope at some point, we get tthey recognition that we deserve. In tthey meantime, we continue to do tthey best we can for you. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude today's program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.