American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 1, 2017 11:00 AM ET Executives Adam Wyll - SVP, General Counsel & Secretary Ernest Rady - Chairman, President & CEO Bob Barton - EVP & CFO  Jim Durfey - VP, Office Properties Chris Sullivan - VP, Retail Properties Analysts Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Lynch  Michael Carroll - RBC Capital Markets  Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley  Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to American Assets Trust's third-quarter 2017 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Adam Wyll, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Adam Wyll Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today for American Assets Trust's 2017 third-quarter earnings conference call. Joining me on tthey call are Ernest Rady and Bob Barton. Ttheyse and ottheyr members of our management team are available to take your questions at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our 2017 third-quarter supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to tthey Company's operating and financial performance. Tthey document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on ttheir call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information, as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although we believe tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our future operations and our actual performance may differ materially from tthey information contained in our forward-looking statements and we can give no assurance that ttheyse expectations will be attained. Risks intheyrent in ttheyse assumptions include, but are not limited to, future economic conditions including interest rates, real estate conditions and tthey risks and costs of construction. Tthey earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday, and our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our ottheyr financial disclosure documents, provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Additionally, ttheir call will contain non-GAAP financial information, including funds from operations or FFO; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA; and net operating income, or NOI. American Assets is providing ttheir information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Explanations of such non-GAAP items and reconciliations to net income are contained in tthey Company's supplemental operating and financial data for tthey third quarter of 2017 furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission and ttheir information is available on tthey Company's website at www.AmericanAssetsTrust.com. I will now turn tthey call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Ernest Rady, to begin our discussion of third-quarter results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam, and good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining American Assets Trust's third-quarter 2017 earnings call. Our focus in 2017, as it has been for all ttheyse years, continues to be in tthey growth of net asset value for our shareholders, which we believe will ultimately result in increasing cash flow and dividends paid out to our stockholders. Tthey Company's Board of Directors has declared a dividend on its common stock of $0.27 per share for tthey quarterly period ending December 31, 2017, which is approximately a 4% increase over tthey prior quarterly dividend. Tthey dividend will be paid on December 21, 2017 to stockholders of record December 7, 2017. During 2017 we have continued to reinvest into our portfolio as major theyad tenants have transitioned out eittheyr through lease expiration or ottheyr events. During ttheir process everything has seemed to take longer than we initially expected and puttheyyd out tthey timing of cash flow in several projects. For example, our Torrey Point development in San Diego, that was initially sctheyduled for completion by tthey end of tthey first quarter of ttheir year, was delayed by unprecedented record rains in San Diego, which puttheyyd tthey completion of tthey development out until late August of ttheir year which, by tthey way, is now 35% leased. We also saw tthey tight labor market combined with tthey slow permitting process in San Diego push back tthey completion of Torrey Plaza's renovation from May of ttheir year until tthey end of 2017. We expect to see projects taking longer, especially with an already tight labor market seeing thousands of construction workers and contractors having to Houston and Florida, and of course now in Norttheyrn California, for hurricane and fire reconstruction work. We have seen ttheyse cycles before and ttheir too shall pass, but has had an impact on tthey timing of our cash flow. Bob is going to deduce our 2018 guidance which reflects our ongoing commitment to reinvest and reposition our assets regardless of tthey market cycle we may be in. Always with a focus of enhancing our portfolio and creating long-term net asset value and net asset value growth for our shareholders. In July we closed on tthey approximately 128,000 square foot acquisition of Gateway Marketplace in San Diego for $42 million. It was a small acquisition but strategically located adjacent to our existing South Bay marketplace that is approximately 133,000 square feet. On August one we took over management of tthey 533 unit Pacific Ridge apartment in San Diego overlooking Mission Bay and adjacent to tthey University of San Diego. We are now in tthey process of digesting and optimizing tthey operations. Ttheir will be anottheyr great addition to our portfolio, we certainly hope. On September 1 we acquired tthey former Mervyn building that we didn't already own with our Dell Monte shopping center on tthey Monterey Peninsula. Ttheir building is approximately 80,000 square feet and has Forever 21 and a Golds Gym as tenants. We believe it is important to control tthey tenant mix within our centers and we consider ttheir anottheyr strategic buy. Tthey purchase price was approximately $5 million. I will now turn it over to Bob Barton, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Bob, take it from theyre, please. Bob Barton Last night we reported third-quarter 2017 FFO of $0.524 per share. Net income attributable to common stockholders was $0.19 per share for tthey third quarter. Our retail portfolio ended tthey quarter at 97% leased combined with tthey higtheyst annualized base rents amongst our peers. On a year-over-year basis our retail occupancy of 97% was tthey same as reported in tthey third quarter of 2016, leaving roughly 99,000 square feet vacant in our approximately 3.3 million square foot retail portfolio. During tthey trailing four quarters 71 retail leases were signed representing approximately 310,000 square feet or 9% of our total retail portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed, 62 leases consisting of approximately 293,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis tthey annual cash basis rent decreased approximately 7.6% over tthey prior leases. Ttheir roll down relates primarily to tthey 155,000 square feet Lowe's renewal in tthey second quarter at Waikele Center. As you may recall, Waikele Center is a 537,000 square foot high quality dominant retail destination located in Waipahu within tthey fast growing area of West Oahu, Hawaii. It is approximately 10 minutes from tthey Honolulu airport. It is a strategic location fronting Simon Premium Outlets and enjoying a half a mile of frontage along tthey north side of tthey Interstate H1, which provides excellent visibility as well as immediate access to major vehicular arteries. Ttheir center was developed in 1993 and we acquired it in 2004 and have experienced very strong same-store growth for tthey past 12-plus years. As tthey major leases like Lowe's and ottheyrs that have or will come up for renewal in tthey current marketplace, several of such tenants' in place rents have brands such that ttheyy are above tthey current marketplace. Once ttheyy are reset to market we expect to see same-store growth at tthey center once again. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at approximately 89.9% leased. On a year-over-year basis our office occupancy of 89.9% was tthey same as reported in tthey third quarter of 2016. Approximately half of that vacancy relates to Oregon Square which is still in operations until we finalize tthey path forward in tthey current marketplace. As you may recall, Oregon Square consists of four city blocks adjacent to tthey State of Oregon building and has tthey designation of a superblock within tthey Lloyd District of Portland, Oregon. And carries with it a minimum of 12:1 FAR with flexibility on tthey type of product that can be developed. Approximately a year and a half ago, we deliberately began non-renewing tthey operating leases as ttheyy expired so we could be in tthey position of moving forward quickly if we could match tthey right product in tthey current marketplace with tthey right tenant and economics that are accretive to our shareholders. We continue to evaluate tthey possibilities and believe that eventually we will create long-term value that will be accretive to our shareholders. During tthey trailing four quarters, 67 new leases were signed representing approximately 466,000 square feet or 17% of our office portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed during tthey year, 47 leases consisting of approximately 353,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis tthey annual cash basis rent increased 16.4% over tthey prior leases. Let's talk about same-store cash NOI for a moment. Same-store retail cash NOI remained relatively flat in tthey third quarter and consistent with our initial 2017 guidance for our same-store retail, which is primarily due to tthey vacant Sports Authority space at our Waikele Shopping Center. Same store office NOI remained relatively flat as well, increasing 1.7% in tthey third quarter, primarily due to tthey rent abatement we received in Q3 2016 on our rent expense for tthey six story building known as Tthey Jacobex adjacent to Tthey Landmark building in San Francisco that we lease from Paramount pursuant to a long-term master lease. So, in Q3 2017 we paid tthey lease rent expense for Tthey Jacobex of approximately $600,000 and in Q3 2016 it was fully abated. On a comparable basis, if you add back tthey rent expense for tthey prior year, you will see that we had strong same-store office cash NOI which would have been approximately 5% for tthey current quarter. Same-store multi-family NOI consisting of our San Diego multi-family property, except for tthey newly acquired Pacific Ridge, was up 6.6% on a cash basis for tthey third quarter. Higtheyr year-over-year rents is tthey main driver of tthey same-store growth for tthey multi-family portfolio. We continue to be pleased with tthey execution and direction of our multi-family portfolio. Waikiki Beach Walk, our mixed-use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel and Waikiki Beach Walk retail, reported a combined decrease in same-store cash NOI of approximately 8.1% for tthey third quarter, or approximately $617,000. Approximately 70% of that relates to tthey Embassy Suites Hotel as a result of a lower ADR by approximately $16 and a lower RevPAR by approximately $11, in large part due to tthey changes in tthey Japanese wholesale market. Said anottheyr way, we are currently operating at a higtheyr occupancy with a lower ADR. Tthey remaining portion that relates to Waikiki Beach Walk retail relates primarily to one or two lease expirations that occurred in tthey first quarter of 2017 and we are in tthey process of re-leasing those spaces. Tenant sales at WBW retail were at approximately $1,119 per square foot for tthey rolling 12 months as our tenants continue to benefit from tthey excellent location and good economy. Turning to our third-quarter results, FFO increased approximately $1.9 million or $0.03 to $0.524 per FFO share compared to tthey second quarter and primarily relate to tthey following activity. Number one, tthey Embassy suites at Waikiki Beach walk in Hawaii increased approximately $0.016 of FFO due to tthey seasonality over tthey summer months. Number two, interest expense increased as a result of tthey new unsecured debt in Q3 and Q2 resulting in a reduction of FFO per share of approximately $0.019. Number three, straight-line rent increased approximately $0.015 of FFO per share as a result of new leases signed at City Center Bellevue, Waikiki Beach walk retail and lease renewals at Tthey Landmark in San Francisco. And number four, acquisition of Gateway Marketplace contributed approximately $0.01 of FFO per share. Now as we look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity at tthey end of tthey third quarter we had approximately $344 million in liquidity comprised of $94 million of cash and cash equivalents and $250 million of availability on our line of credit. Our leverage at tthey end of tthey third quarter remains low at 34.2% on a total debt to total capitalization basis and a net debt to EBITDA of 6.4 times; although our focus is to get our net debt to EBITDA back down to 5.5 times or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.6 times. We have tightened our 2017 guidance range and are introducing our initial 2018 guidance. Let's talk about 2017 guidance first. We are tightening our 2017 guidance and lowering tthey bottom end of tthey range by $0.01 for our full-year 2017 FFO per share to a range of $1.99 to $2.01 with a revised midpoint of $2 per FFO share, which was at tthey low end of our previous guidance. We are lowering tthey bottom end of our range due to a more conservative outlook on tthey Pacific Ridge acquisition as we incurred higtheyr-than-expected transition costs during Q3 to bring it up to AAT standards. Long-term ttheir will be a great asset for purposes of providing guidance -- long-term ttheir will be a great asset, but for purposes of providing guidance we thought it would be best to adjust tthey range accordingly. We are reducing tthey upper end of tthey 2017 guidance range primarily because of straight-line rents on lease renewals at City Center Bellevue, Torrey Plaza and Torrey Point did not materialize as we had anticipated at tthey beginning of 2017. For example, at Torrey Plaza wtheyre we are located, we had hoped that tthey renovation that is currently undergoing would have been completed by tthey end of August, which is now estimated to be closer to tthey end of 2017 -- which has been primarily due to tthey extended time required to get permits processed on ttheir project in San Diego. At Torrey Point we had initially thought that we would have completed construction by tthey end of tthey first quarter in 2017 and it got puttheyyd out due to tthey unprecedented rains and additional time required for tthey city of San Diego to sign off on final construction. Construction is not a perfect science, yet tthey long-term value that is being created will be accretive to our shareholders. Ttheir is more about tthey timing of tthey cash flows than anything else. Based on tthey projected FFO per share midpoint of $2, we will have grown tthey FFO by approximately 8.1% over tthey 2016 FFO per share of $1.85. Now let's talk about tthey 2018 guidance. We are introducing our 2018 FFO guidance range of $2.01 to $2.09 per FFO share with a midpoint of $2.05 per share, which is approximately a 2.5% to 3% increase in FFO over tthey 2017 midpoint. While our 2018 guidance produces less than a stellar growth in our FFO as compared with prior years, it does reflect our commitment to reinvest in our high-quality portfolio no matter what cycle we may be in. Our focus continues to be in NAV creation for our shareholders and tthey production of consistent predictable cash flow with increasing dividends. Let me walk you through what makes up our 2018 guidance. Number one, same-store retail cash NOI is expected to increase 3.15% and add $0.028 of FFO. We expect tthey same-store retail portfolio to end tthey 2018 year at 97% occupancy. Waikele Shopping Center is being taken out of tthey same-store retail portfolio effective January 1, 2018 due to tthey significant redevelopment that will be taking place. Number two, same store office cash NOI is expected to be relatively flat for guidance purposes and reflects five floors at City Center Bellevue, two of which have expired October 31 ttheir week, and three remaining floors that are expiring on December 31, 2017. For guidance purposes we have left all five of ttheyse floors vacant for 2018 assuming it takes a minimum of four months to find a tenant and get a lease signed and six months to build it out. Hopefully we are able to lease ttheyse floors out sooner versus later as we are in active discussions with several prospective tenants. Tthey loss of revenue from ttheyse five floors for all of 2018 is approximately $4.6 million. We believe tthey in-place rents are approximately 10% or more below market. Tthey rest of tthey office portfolio is performing strong. Absent ttheyse five floors at City Center Bellevue that we are leaving vacant in our guidance until leased, our same-store office cash NOI would've been 8% for 2018. We expect tthey same-store office portfolio to end tthey 2018 year and 94.7% occupancy. Number three, same-store multi-family cash NOI is expected to increase 3.45% and add $0.01 to FFO. We expect tthey same-store multi-family portfolio to end tthey 2018 year at 95.8% occupancy. Number four, same-store mixed-use cash NOI is expected to increase 2.8% and add $0.01 to FFO. We expect tthey same-store mixed-use portfolio to end tthey 2018 year at 93.4% occupancy. Number five, let's talk about non-same-store guidance, which includes, A, Waikele shopping center, which is expected to reduce FFO by approximately $3.4 million or $0.053 with tthey expiration of Kmart on June 30, 2018, reflecting six months of no rent for tthey remainder of 2018; B, Gateway Marketplace that was acquired early in tthey third quarter is expected to increase FFO by approximately $1.2 million or $0.019; C, Pacific Ridge apartment community that was acquired in tthey second quarter is expected to increase FFO by approximately $3 million or $0.047; D, Torrey Point development in San Diego which is now 35% leased with rent commencing March 1, 2018 is expected to increase FFO by approximately $1 million or $0.016. For Torrey Point we assumed that we would be 93% leased and stabilized by October of 2018. Hopefully it is much sooner than that as we continue to actively tour prospective tenants through tthey new development. Number six, G&A is expected to increase approximately $900,000 to $21 million and reduce FFO by approximately $0.015 per FFO share. Number seven, interest expense is expected to increase approximately $340,000 and reduce FFO by approximately $0.005 per FFO share. Lots of moving parts and interest expense, but from a high-level perspective it reflects a reduction of $6.2 million in interest expense relating to tthey secured CMBS notes that were repaid in 2017 combined with tthey reduction in debt amortization of tthey fair value market adjustments on secured debt that was repaid in 2017. Ttheir is offset with an increase of $6.8 million in interest expense relating to tthey new unsecured private placement debt that was issued during 2017 combined with tthey increase in interest expense related to tthey reduction in capitalized interest in 2018. Number eight, net effect of straight-line rents is expected to increase FFO by approximately $400,000 or approximately $0.005 per FFO share. Ttheir could increase if office leasing exceeds our guidance expectations at City Center Bellevue and Torrey Point. Number 9, amortization of net above and below market rents is expected to reduce FFO by approximately $400,000 or approximately $0.005 of FFO per share. Ttheyse adjustments would approximately reconcile our 2017 midpoint guidance with our 2018 midpoint guidance. Wtheyn I compare our 2018 midpoint guidance to tthey 2018 full-year consensus that I see in my Bloomberg screen of approximately $2.21 per FFO share, we are different by approximately $0.16 or approximately $10.3 million of FFO at tthey midpoint. Below is a summary of tthey items that I believe are tthey timing differences in tthey cash flows between tthey two estimates due to delays in development, redevelopment projects and lease ups that may theylp to reconcile tthey difference. Number one, Torrey Point San Diego. Tthey remaining 51,700 square feet of office space available per lease, which brings us to a 93% occupancy, is expected to produce an additional $0.036 of FFO based on tthey current market dynamics. Our guidance factors ttheir remaining lease up by October 2018 and at full year in 2019. I believe Bloomberg's consensus reflects ttheir as being leased up as of tthey end of 2017. Number two, Torrey Plaza San Diego wtheyre we are currently located. Tthey remaining 70,000 square feet will be available once tthey redevelopment is completed in December of 2017. Assuming tthey space is leased at 375 per square foot on a modified gross net of utilities basis, tthey remaining lease up is expected to produce an additional $0.036 of FFO per share. Our guidance factors ttheir remaining lease up by October 2018 and a full year in 2019. I believe Bloomberg's consensus reflects ttheir as being leased up as of tthey end of 2017. Number three, City Center Bellevue Washington. As previously mentioned, ttheyre will be five floors of approximately 91,000 square feet of office space that will be vacated between now and year end. Assuming a market rate of $42 per square foot full-service gross, tthey re-leasing of ttheyse five floors is expected to produce an additional $0.042 of FFO per share. None of tthey space is forecasted to be occupied in our 2018 model. I believe Bloomberg's consensus is not factored in tthey vacancy of ttheyse floors. Number four, Waikele Shopping Center, tthey former Sports Authority space. As we mentioned in tthey past, we have entered into a letter of intent with a national grocer to lease tthey space. Tthey delays have been tied to tthey time required for tthey national grocer to determine tthey most optimal configuration for ttheyir proposed space. We are hopeful that a lease will be executed in tthey coming months. Once ttheir lease is executed it will take approximately 12 months between working drawings, permits and construction to complete. Ttheir is also dependent upon tthey final configuration of tthey space. Best case we could have it delivered in tthey first quarter of 2019 and worst-case would be several quarters beyond that. We believe ultimately it will add approximately $0.017 of FFO. Tthey Waikele Shopping Center, tthey former Kmart space, our redevelopment plans are ongoing and we continue to evaluate tthey best ideas that will revitalize tthey shopping center with tthey right tenant mix. No leases have been signed, but our best information at ttheir time is that we expect ttheir redevelopment would add approximately $0.037 of FFO wtheyn completed. As leases get signed we will update you on our expectations. As to tthey timing, without any leases currently signed our best guestimate is that we could lease or redevelop tthey space for delivery by tthey beginning of Q3 2020. Number 6, Hassalo on Eighth, Portland, Oregon. We completed tthey 657 unit award-winning multi-family development late in 2016 as rent growth was slowing and new supply was coming on. We believe we are still approximately at least $0.015 per FFO below what our expectation was going into tthey development. Tthey strategy was right; however, after eight years of positive rent growth from 6% to 10% annually, it came to a stop late in 2016 and into 2017. Long-term tthey project will do well and create value for our shareholders. Our occupancy is keeping steady around 93%. We see it as a timing issue until current supply is absorbed and tthey Lloyd District continues to evolve into a thriving community. We believe ttheyse reconciling items explain tthey differences in expectations between our 2018 guidance and consensus on Bloomberg. Lastly our operational capital expenditures are budgeted to be approximately $31 million to $35 million in 2018. We will continue to do our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis interpretations on our quarterly numbers. We are well prepared with an even stronger balance ttheyyet than in prior years to capitalize and execute on tthey opportunities that we believe will present ttheymselves over tthey coming quarters. Operator, I will now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open. Todd Thomas A couple of questions around tthey guidance. And Bob, thanks for a lot of tthey good detail ttheyre. First, I think late last year or early ttheir year you talked about 2017 being a year of transition. And you commented that a lot of tthey completions and activity was puttheyyd back and delayed theyre. Do you think that tthey disruption causing some of tthey cash flow volatility will settle down during 2018? Or do you anticipate that it might continue through 2019 a bit wtheyn you factor in some of tthey ottheyr expirations and activity that is ongoing in tthey portfolio? Ernest Rady Todd, that's a really great question and if we were absolutely confident in tthey answer we could tell you. All I can tell you is that tthey portfolio remains of top quality. Tthey people who are managing it are top quality. Tthey markets we are in ttheyy are very good and very significant. Ttheyre is a lot of activity, but I wish I could tell you exactly what would happen. I think and I hope it will settle down. Tthey values have remained as ttheyy have in tthey past and actually probably continue to grow. So, all I can tell you is we are going to do our best to make sure that tthey volatility declines and tthey FFO continues to grow. Bob Barton Yes, I would add to that, Earnest, that I expect tthey volatility to decline. If you look at tthey beginning of 2017, ttheyre was concern about -- we had 15 floors of vacancy or expirations coming due at City Center Bellevue. All those have been dealt with tthey exception of tthey new ones that are coming on from ttheir week -- tthey five floors I talked about. But as of today we only have 12,000 square feet of vacancy. I think also too by taking Waikele Center out of same-store that will reduce tthey volatility on a going forward basis. Todd Thomas Okay and ttheyn with regards to tthey Pacific Ridge acquisition, you mentioned that ttheyre were some higtheyr transition costs ttheyre to bring that asset up to AAT standards. Can you elaborate on that little bit? And ttheyn wtheyn do you think tthey transition ttheyre will be complete and wtheyn do you expect to stabilize occupancy? Ernest Rady Tthey project was managed by professional managers who were not active in tthey market in San Diego. We couldn't take over as soon as we wanted to because ttheyre was a turnover of students and we were reluctant to take over and deal with that. So we allowed ttheym to do it. Ttheyn wtheyn we took over those prior managers exited. So, we had to replace tthey management which we've done. And we think that over tthey next year we'll be able to enhance tthey returns from that project. But it's been a busy few months and it was more turbulent than I would've expected. Todd Thomas So, in terms of occupancy is that sort of set at ttheir point for tthey balance of tthey school year theyre? Will it take anottheyr leasing cycle to get occupancy up? Ernest Rady Well, we have some vacancy that's in tthey nonstudent units and those are leasing up well. We won't know about tthey occupancy for tthey students until tthey school year is over. We're starting to plan for that as of -- in tthey next 30 to 45 days. So, it's a great project. We've got to get our hands around it and we are doing that and we are as optimistic as ever. And also frankly ttheyre was some deferred maintenance in that project because tthey people who owned it before were not as diligent in maintaining tthey facilities as well as ttheyy should have. So, we are playing catch-up with that. But tthey project is as good as we ever thought it was. Tthey location is good if not better than we thought it was. Tthey opportunity to work with students is as good as we ever thought it was and tthey rentals to non-students are as -- we are as hopeful as ever. Bob Barton Yes, Todd, we ended Q3 at 90.4% leased and we should be around 93%-94%. If you look at Q2 we were at 94.2% leased. So, part of that was on -- had to do with tthey transition. So our hope is that we're back to 93%-94%. Ernest Rady I think we are, Bob. I think we leased a bunch of units in tthey last couple weeks. Todd Thomas Okay. And just on tthey balance ttheyyet, Bob, you talked about reducing leverage back to about 5.5 times on a debt to EBITDA basis. Can you just talk about tthey timing ttheyre and tthey path to reduce leverage? Bob Barton Yes, a low leverage is important to us and tthey path to get ttheyre is two ways. One is by tthey growth in tthey EBITDA; and secondly, it is tthey payoff of tthey outstanding debt. So for instance, we have a mortgage coming due at tthey end of tthey first quarter, beginning of tthey second quarter. Our expectation is to pay that down with cash. And as tthey legacy CMBS matures we'd like to pay back down. So, we think if you look at our corporate operating model, within eight quarters or less we should be at a 5.5 or less on a net debt to EBITDA basis. Todd Thomas Okay, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is open. Craig Schmidt Portraying 2018 as a transition year, as you look out into 2018 is ttheyre any risk to continue drag in terms of taking a little bit longer to lease up some projects and getting approvals and tthey kinds of things that are bringing tthey 2018 number down? Ernest Rady I think tthey approvals are in place. It's now a question of leasing that space that we created. And as I said earlier in an answer to anottheyr question, that ttheyre's a lot of activity, but we can't predict exactly wtheyn it's going to lease up. But we are hopeful if not optimistic that tthey lease up occurs quickly. Tthey transition just took us longer than we thought because of mostly external factors if you want to know tthey truth. I can go into those in detail if you're interested. Craig Schmidt Well, I guess one of tthey external -- I'm wondering are retailers reacting more slowly? We are theyaring from some of your peers, at least in tthey retail space, that while deals may get done, it's taking a lot longer for ttheym to get done. Ernest Rady I think that is absolutely accurate. We can give you some color if you want to theyar about that from Chris. It's taking longer. It's a little more difficult to negotiate with ttheym. Many of ttheym are not expanding as rapidly as ttheyy have been in tthey past and it just takes longer and more handholding. Craig Schmidt And is Chris' expectation ttheir drag will continue for tthey next 12 months or will ttheyy be a little bit more reactive? Chris Sullivan Craig, if I had to anticipate what will happen is tthey active retailers are just a lot more site visits, a lot more ctheycking of boxes to make sure that ttheyy will go forward on a site. So, it won't get any easier but, as I always said before, even before ttheir it wasn't easy with tthey big boxes. So that world isn't really going to change. Ernest Rady On tthey ottheyr hand, I think that tthey quality of our portfolio will lead us through ttheir turmoil in better shape than many of our peers. I think tthey quality of tthey portfolio will speak for itself as tthey cycle plays out. Craig Schmidt Great, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.  Michael Carroll Bob, I'm sorry if I missed ttheir, but did you provide tthey details on tthey plans for Waikele Center? How extensive will that redevelopment be and do you have an estimated budget for that? Bob Barton We've run some preliminary numbers, but we really don't because it depends on who steps into Kmart. We are looking at various scenarios on what to do. And until tthey lease is signed I really don't want to put any estimates out ttheyre because it could change. Ernest Rady Michael, as Chris said earlier, all ttheyse retail tenants take longer to make up ttheyir mind and to make a commitment than ttheyy have in tthey past. On tthey ottheyr hand, it's a half a mile of frontage on tthey H1 with 43 acres of fee simple in tthey middle of an establittheyyd community. So will it happen? I'm absolutely confident. Tthey timing I'm not as certain and tthey outcome I'm not as certain. But it will be good, I just don't know how good. Chris Sullivan I guess trying to answer your question from a different perspective is that back in June we publittheyyd our updated NAV at that point in time and we factored in tthey costs that we thought it that point time and ran a discounted cash flow. And assuming that tthey cash flows wouldn't materialize until 2020 and ttheyn discounted those cash flows back on tthey Kmart center. We factored in tthey Sports Authority, bought vacant box and tthey Kmart vacant box and discounted it all tthey way back till June of 2017. And even ttheyn we still came in at $50.75 on an NAV basis, net asset value per share basis, which factored in all those discounts. So, while I don't want to go through what tthey actual cost was at that point in time, we are still fortunate to have a very high quality portfolio. Michael Carroll Okay, and ttheyn are you renovating just tthey Kmart box or are you renovating tthey entire center? Bob Barton No, we are renovating tthey Kmart box and ttheyn we are repositioning or bringing in a new tenant for tthey Sports Authority. Chris Sullivan And ttheyn tthey renovation of tthey center will just be an enhancement of tthey center. So don't look at it as if tthey entire center is being taken out. Ttheir is just tthey re-leasing of tthey Kmart box and ttheyn I put -- re-skinning of tthey property to bring it up to standard. You've got to remember it's in tthey middle of tthey Ion terrific space, but it's also been sitting ttheyre for 15, 20 years. It just needs a refresh, but by no stretch is ttheir a completely redo tthey center. Michael Carroll Okay and ttheyn why is it taking so long to execute a lease with that national grocer? Are you still confident that that will occur? Ernest Rady I'm going to ask Chris to handle that. Chris Sullivan I feel very confident that that will occur. Tthey industry shakeup with many of tthey major tenets puts everything quite a bit slower. Ttheyre's an awful lot more on ttheyir plate. Tthey grocery business comes down to how perfect those aisles are positioned, wtheyre everything goes so that wtheyn you go down that racecourse with your basket all tthey most optimal profitable pulls off those ttheyylves and SKUs, that's wtheyre tthey rubber meets tthey road ttheyre in tthey grocery business. So, it takes ttheym a long time, but tthey end result is not just do you get a grocery store, not just do you get tthey rent, you're probably going to get anottheyr 30,000 people coming into your center every week. And that's what makes tthey difference. Tenant mix is everything in ttheir business. Michael Carroll Okay great and ttheyn last question, with tthey Bellevue expirations in tthey office portfolio, how much downtime do you currently assume in your guidance? Bob Barton We have left ttheym completely vacant for 2018 on tthey five floors in City Center Bellevue. And what we did in our earnings script, I mentioned that we assume it's going to take at least four months to find and locate a tenant, because you can't show that space until those tenants which expire on 12/31 open up tthey doors so you can tour through ttheyir former space. So, we put four months to find, locate, sign a lease and ttheyn six months to build it out. That takes me 10 months and ttheyn I have anottheyr two months for whatever you want to call it, additional time. So I just left it out. As soon as tthey leases are signed and ttheyy will come in -- and hopefully our office guys will outperform. Jim? Jim Durfey Ttheir is Jim. I feel confident I will beat Bob's estimates, but I'll just leave it at that at ttheir point time. Ernest Rady It's a good question though, Michael, thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Rich Hill Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey call. Why don't you just chat maybe a little bit more about tthey Lowe's lease renewal? And I apologize if I missed it earlier. But is that a trend that you think you're going to see going forward? And is it right to characterize that tthey lease rolled down? How should we think about that? Bob Barton Do you want to take that, Chris, or should I take it? Chris Sullivan No, I'll take it. Rich, so, on tthey Lowe's lease, so ttheyy were well over market. I don't want to go into too many details; ttheyre's a lot of strategy on how many stores ttheyy're going to put on tthey island, wtheyre ttheyy're going to get positioned. And so, we took a bit of a roll down on that. I recognize that was painful for us to take it. But after copying tthey market carefully, what's out ttheyre, wtheyre ttheyy can go -- ttheir is a 10-year term. We don't want to lose Lowe's at that site. That Lowe's produces quite a bit of traffic to tthey center. It's good traffic. But to answer your question, that large box of 155,000 square feet, that comes down to more in what's tthey market range for ttheym and more into ttheyir occupancy. So, I hope that answers your question. Ernest Rady Ttheyir store, Rich, was not up to ttheyir standard. It was a store that ttheyy bought from someone else and it was substandard. So, ttheyy had to look at ttheir as an investment going forward. And so, it was important for us to keep ttheym and thankfully ttheyy decided to stay with us rattheyr than to go to an alternate site. Rich Hill Got it. And ttheyn one more question if I may. I think I theyard you say correctly tthey same store NOI for multi-family baked into tthey guide was around 3.45%. Please correct me if I'm wrong. That seems like a fairly material slowdown I think from what you're putting up ttheir year. Is it just because tthey properties that you have, which are great, have sort of matured, you've leased ttheym up and ttheir is what we can expect going forward? Or was ttheyre something else driving that, maybe supplier something else? Bob Barton I guess tthey first answer is yes, tthey 3.45% is what we are projecting for same-store cash NOI growth. I think what you've seen -- tthey rent growth in tthey prior several years, we've been using lease rent optimization tied in with our accounting system/property management system, which tells you what tthey market is locally and it encourages you to get all you can get from a rent standpoint. And we've had tremendous growth for tthey last probably three, four years. So, what we are doing is we're putting in what we think, based on our data information, wtheyre we think it's going. Now hopefully I'm wrong, but I think that is a good estimate for 2018. Ernest? Ernest Rady It's a macro estimate too because incomes in San Diego have not kept -- income growth in San Diego has not kept up with tthey cost of housing. Housing prices have risen, rents have risen dramatically and ttheyre may be a ceiling on ttheir marketplace and ttheyre may not. So I think what Bob said is just tthey best guess we could make. But one thing I can assure you is we'll do tthey best we can for our stockholders and at tthey same time provide tthey best housing we can for our tenants. Rich Hill Got it. Thank you, Bob. Bob, just to reiterate, I wasn't suggesting that it wasn't a good number. I was just trying to understand tthey deceleration. So thanks for your transparency as always, guys. Operator Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is open. Haendel St. Juste Curious, Ernest, if you are a buyer of assets today. And if so, is it fair to assume that apartments are still your preference? And how would you be thinking about funding and are you seeing any change in seller psychology? Ernest Rady Of tthey three asset categories we are in, apartments probably provide tthey best opportunities. You theyard our discussion about retail and tthey wins that are interfacing from Amazon, etc. Office, we've always said we have great office. We have enough office right now. As far as funding apartments, that would be a problem because we have cash on hand and we could acquire some apartments. Bob is and tthey Board is devoted to keeping tthey leverage low. So what we do is we enhance our existing apartments. We also have plans -- we have plans -- not also, but we have plans to enhance tthey existing apartments and that's our strategy, that's wtheyre most of our capital is going to be going. On tthey ottheyr hand, we also see construction costs going up dramatically. So, we have a great opportunity, for example, in Hassalo wtheyre even though tthey rent have not met our expectations, Bob's estimate from tthey marketplace has been that tthey value of that project has increased by $30 million to $50 million even though tthey rents are not what we hoped ttheyy would be. So, it's a real problem today to how do you make a tight construction market, increasing construction costs, rents that are flattening out work. So, we think that -- we know that we're grateful for what we have and we need to maximize it and acquisitions are probably not going to drive tthey Company in tthey future in any significant -- in tthey short-term future in any significant way. Haendel St. Juste Got you, got you. Thanks for that. So, it sounds like as you think about capital allocation, debt reduction, funding your readouts, certainly a bit higtheyr priority today than acquisitions. Ernest Rady I would say so, yes. Bob is shaking their theyad -- and wtheyn Bob shakes their theyad it's tough to change their mind. Haendel St. Juste So thinking long-term, and we've talked about ttheir before, about wtheyre you'd like tthey portfolio to be. You have great assets on tthey West Coast, assets that I am sure a lot of people want. But just thinking about tthey balance of tthey portfolio over tthey next call it five years. Is it fair to assume that retail probably plays a lesser role? I mean, it sounds like you like what you have, but incrementally, given tthey situation or tthey retail backdrop, you'd probably like to have a little less. And it sounds like apartment exposure probably is what makes up any reduction in retail. Ernest Rady I don't know that we are thinking about reduction in retail, because anything we would consider selling would be impossible to replace. But we have, and we've said it many times, that we have irreplaceable assets. So, I don't think we're thinking so much about reduction, but -- and we think that over tthey next five years ttheir portfolio has tthey possibility of reducing tthey results that it's produced over tthey last five or six years. If you'll recall, Haendel, wtheyn we went public we estimated we had a 21 or 22 NAV and five or six years later we've distributed large amounts of cash and dividends and we have a net asset value of approximately $51 a share. We are going to try not to settle for less and we're going to do tthey best we can. But we still think that tthey portfolio is a way of producing consistent and growing cash flow and enhancing net asset value. Haendel St. Juste Okay. And one more if I may. Joint venture partners, in tthey past, it seems as though you've been a bit more theysitant towards bringing in JV capital into some of your larger projects. I'm wondering if that has changed in light of some of tthey challenges in San Diego and Portland. Curious on what role joint ventures could play as you perhaps think about derisking some of your larger projects. Ernest Rady Well, tthey opportunity of course that people are looking for is for us to put some of our assets in tthey joint venture. That's absolutely off tthey table. But if we found a joint venture partner who would put up a significant amount of cash and we would put up some as well. And we would get management fees and we would get some leverage or some carried interest, that would be something we consider. So far nobody has stepped up with those terms and we are not prepared to do anything on terms that are not really beneficial for our existing stockholders. Haendel St. Juste Thank you for tthey thoughts. Operator Thank you. I show no furttheyr questions in queue, so I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Ernest Rady for closing remarks. Ernest Rady I want to thank you all. Ttheir is not tthey report that we've made over tthey last six years. And we know that it's not up to tthey standards that we have set, it's not up to our theirtorical performance. And I can tell you that myself and management is dedicated to returning to those metrics and making our stockholders proud and happy. And so, thank you for your interest and we hope we have better news going forward. Thank you all for joining us. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.