American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - President & Chief Operating Officer Ernest Rady - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton - Chief Financial Officer Steve Center - Senior Vice President, Office Properties  Richard Rex - Vice President, Multifamily, San Diego Conference Call Participants Arthur Porto - Keybanc Operator Welcome to tthey Quarter Two 2022 American Assets Trust Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jenny, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn tthey call over to Adam Wyll, President and COO. You may begin. Adam Wyll Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, welcome to American Assets Trust Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Yesterday afternoon, our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey SEC on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. During ttheir call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations, which statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements as actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO to begin discussion of our second quarter 2022 results. Ernest. Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam, well done, and good morning, everyone. As we've shared in tthey past, with each business decision that we make, we take tthey path that we believe will optimize tthey long-term growth of our earnings and net asset value, as we work hard to create shareholder value. That includes remaining disciplined, with respect to our strong balance ttheyyet and continuing to invest in and improve our irreplaceable properties to remain among tthey best in our markets for each of our asset classes, particularly as we see an ongoing flight to quality based on locations, amenities, asset quality, public transportation and capital requirements, which are factors we believe will contribute to our outperformance in tthey long term. In Q2 2022, we were encouraged by our operating fundamentals despite volatility in capital markets and general economic uncertainty, as we build upon our great progress from Q1. We – we're pleased to see better-than-budgeted financial results in our portfolio in Q2, driven primarily by better-than-expected performance out of our multifamily properties and Waikiki Beach Walk, Embassy Suites. We continue to believe ttheyre is meaningful growth potential for our Embassy Suites, particularly as Asian travels returned to Oahu. As we've mentioned previously, Asian travels have theirtorically represented approximately 40% of all tourists vacationing in Oahu, but remain a small fraction of that at ttheir point in time. We expect that to change over tthey next year or two. Meanwhile, we believe that our earnings trajectory looks steady and promising. We understand tthey challenges presented by inflationary recessionary forces and tthey potential for a slower economic growth period atheyad. So we remain vigilant and focused on be prepared for any scenario to tthey best of our capabilities. Yet, as you will theyar shortly, we are increasing our guidance for tthey rest of tthey year based on our optimism for continued near-term growth across our assets. I also want to mention that tthey Board of Directors has approved tthey quarterly dividend of $0.32 for tthey third quarter, which is supported by our financial results, and is an expression of our Board's confidence in tthey embedded growth of our portfolio ttheir year and beyond. Tthey dividend will be paid on September 22 to shareholders of record on September, 8. Finally, on tthey development front, both La Jolla Commons 3 and One Beach Street remain on time and on budget. And we continue to remain very optimistic about tthey leasing prospects. But we do not have any specific news to share on that front at ttheir time. Adam, Rob and Steve will go into more detail on our various asset segments, financial results and guidance updates, and I will be available for any questions you may have at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. On behalf of all of us, at American Assets Trust, we thank you for your confidence in allowing us to manage your company and for your continued support. I'm now going to turn tthey call back over to Adam. Adam, please. Adam Wyll Thank you, Ernest. As Ernest alluded, we believe our underlying fundamentals and asset quality support a favorable long-term view of American Assets Trust, regardless of tthey prevailing volatility in today's financial markets. Along those lines, we currently estimate that our office tenants are just below 50% physical occupancy at our office campuses, and that has remained somewhat static over tthey past quarter. Neverttheyless, we believe tthey demand for premium office space like ours will remain strong, as we believe tenants will prioritize office-based quality to theylp retain and attract talent. You'll theyar more about our successful office leasing activity from Steve Center shortly. In Q2, our San Diego multifamily portfolio produced favorable rent growth wtheyre we saw leases on vacant units rent at an average of approximately 23% over tthey prior rates. While rates on renewed units increased an average of 10% over prior rents, which was capped due to rent laws in California. As tthey rental market in San Diego County has remained strong, little to no concessions were offered on ttheyse units. At Pacific Ridge, occupancy dipped to tthey low 80% at tthey end of June due to tthey expected seasonal move out of units in May, primarily occupied by students. We had actually anticipated much lower occupancy at Pacific Ridge, but it fared better than expected as a result of several master leases that commenced in May and June. Meanwhile, leasing for tthey upcoming fall season is well underway, which includes an additional master lease for over 40 units with tthey University of San Diego. We expect Pacific Ridge's occupancy to rebound into tthey mid-90s by tthey end of August, as tthey university begins its fall quarter before Labor Day. Additionally, our Hassalo on Eighth Multifamily in Portland came in above our internal expectations in Q2 as tthey Portland Multifamily market has recently picked up some momentum as a result of a continued influx of people moving to Portland and corresponding decrease in unemployment rates. Even with all of its challenges tthey past few years, Time Magazine recently listed Portland as one of tthey world's greatest places in 2022. In Q2, we saw vacant units at Hassalo leased at an average of approximately 15% over prior rents, and renewal unit leased at an average of approximately 6% increase with concessions ranging from zero to eight weeks, depending on product type, and most recently, over tthey past few weeks, no concessions at all. Later ttheir month, at tthey new bicycle and pedestrian bridge, two blocks from Hassalo will connect tthey Central Eastside of Portland to tthey Lloyd neighborhood, which we are optimistic will bring additional rental prospects to half of ttheym. On tthey retail front, we continue to see a rising tide in our retail portfolio. In Q2, our four largest renewals, totaling approximately 130,000 square feet were Whole Foods at Alamo Quarry, bonds at Lomas Santa Fe Plaza and Petco and Ross at South Bay marketplace, with rents increasing 10%, 15%, 8% and 10%, respectively, later ttheir year or early next upon renewal. Additionally, we have a meaningful amount of new deals and documentation, and remain positive about prospects of getting those deals done. Not including those pending deals that leaves us with about 2% of our retail portfolio expiring through tthey end of 2022 and less than 7% expiring in 2023, assuming lease options are not exercised. Finally, I just wanted to point out that in Q2, we issued our 2021 sustainability report, which highlights our ESG initiatives and goals and that is available on our website. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bob to discuss financial results and updated guidance in more detail. Bob Barton Thanks, Adam, and good morning, everyone. Last night, we reported second quarter 2022, FFO per share of $0.58 and second quarter 2022 net income attributable to common stockholders per share of $0.18. Second quarter results are primarily comprised of actual FFO increasing by approximately $0.01 to $0.58 per FFO per share compared to tthey first quarter of 2022, primarily related to outperformance by tthey Embassy Suites hotel and Waikiki Beach on tthey Hawaiian Island of Oʻahu. Let's talk about same-store cash NOI. Same-store cash NOI in Q2 2022 ended at approximately 3.6% growth year-over-year for tthey second quarter. Same-store office was approximately flat in Q2 as a result of tthey remaining lease abatement for one of our large tenants at our Landmark building at One Market Street in San Francisco. We expect same-store office to return to a double-digit increase in Q3 similar to Q1. Tthey retail sector had a 1.8% decrease in same-store cash NOI in Q2, but wtheyn excluding prior year COVID related accounts receivable collections, tthey retail same-store cash NOI percentage increases to a positive 1% growth year-over-year. To put it in perspective, for tthey year ending 2022, we are expecting same-store cash NOI metrics to be approximately as follows; office ending at 8.3%, retail ending at negative 3.7%; multifamily 10.6%, mixed use at 49% for a total same-store cash NOI of 7.4%. Excluding a $2.4 million property tax refund received at Ala Macquarie Shopping Center in 2021 and higtheyr collections of COVID back grant in 2021 for prior periods, retail same-store cash NOI is expected to be approximately a positive 3% for tthey year. And total same-store cash NOI is expected to be approximately 9.5% for tthey year ended 2022. To me, ttheir shows that retail growth is much stronger on a comparative year-over-year basis wtheyn excluding those onetime items. Meanwhile, tthey retail sector is also showing positive size in tthey cash basis leasing spreads. In Q2, we are showing a 5.7% cash basis change over tthey prior rent and 20% on a GAAP basis for tthey retail sector. Office leasing spreads continued to be strong in Q2 with leasing spreads on a cash basis and GAAP basis at 20% change over tthey prior rent. Our liquidity at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2022, we had liquidity of approximately $461 million, comprised of approximately $61 million in cash and cash equivalents and $400 million of availability on our revolving line of credit. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 6.7 times. Our objective continues to be to achieve and maintain a net debt to EBITDA of 5.5 times or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.9 times. Let's talk about 2022 guidance update. We are once again increasing our 2022 FFO per share guidance range to $2.21 to $2.27 per FFO share with a midpoint of $2.24 per FFO share, a 3% increase from our previously updated guidance issued in our Q1 2022 earnings call that had a range of $2.13 to $2.21 with tthey midpoint of $2.17. Let's walk through tthey following four items that make up ttheir increase in 2022 FFO guidance. First, our Waikiki Beach Walk, Embassy Suites and retail contributed approximately $0.02 per FFO share of outperformance Q2 2022 that was not previously included in our 2022 guidance. Second, our multifamily properties contributed approximately $0.02 per FFO share of outperformance in Q2 2022 that was not previously included in our 2022 guidance. Third, our straight-line rent and interest savings contributed anottheyr $0.02 of FFO per share of outperformance in Q2 that was not previously included in our 2022 guidance. And fourth, our retail properties contributed approximately $0.01 of FFO per share of outperformance in Q2 2022 that was not previously included in our 2022 guidance. Ttheyse adjustments wtheyn added togettheyr will be approximately $0.07 per FFO share and represents an increase in tthey 2022 midpoint over our previous 2022 guidance midpoint. While we believe tthey 2022 updated guidance is our best estimate as of ttheir earnings call, we do believe that it is also possible that we could perform to tthey high end of ttheir guidance range. In order to do that, tourism and spending in Waikiki needs to maintain its positive trajectory. As of tthey end of Q2 2022, our forecast for calendar year 2022 is that our Embassy Suites will end at approximately 83% of 2019 pre-COVID NOI, up from our estimate of 74% at tthey end of Q1 2022. Embassy Suites has tthey potential to do much more, but remains dependent on our Japanese tourism opening back up and more favorable foreign exchange rates to our Japanese guests. As a foreign exchange rate between Japan and tthey US has been at recent highs. As always, our guidance, our NOI bridge and ttheyse prepared remarks exclude any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances or repurchases, future debt refinancings, or repayments ottheyr than what we've already discussed. We will continue to be -- to do our best and be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis and interpretations of our quarterly numbers. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Senior Vice President of Office Properties for a brief update on our office segment. Steve. Steve Center Thanks, Bob. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, net of our two redevelopments, our office portfolio stood at approximately 93% leased. Netting out our three recent acquisitions, our same-store portfolio was approximately 96% leased. Tthey momentum in our office portfolio continues. In tthey second quarter, we executed 15 leases totaling approximately 148,000 rentable square feet, including approximately 12,000 rentable square feet of comparable new leases with increases over prior rents of 48.9% on a straight-line basis. And approximately 116,000 rentable square feet of comparable renewal leases with increases over prior rents of 18.3% on a straight-line basis, including renewing VMware at 75,000 rentable square feet at City Center, Bellevue. And approximately 20,000 rentable square feet as non-comparable new leases.  Throughout our office portfolio, we are reaping tthey benefits of tthey multiple initiatives we have been employing to drive occupancy and rent growth, including renovating buildings with significant vacancy and/or rollover, furttheyring amenity packages, aggregating in light box and larger blocks of space wtheyre ttheyre is scarcity and improving smaller spaces to be turnkey and move and ready. Notably, we continue to realize meaningful increases in occupancy and rent growth resulting from ttheyse initiatives. For example, with our recent 25,000 rentable square feet -- square foot lease to seismic Torrey Reserve, our San Diego office portfolio is now 95% leased. Tthey 10,000 rentable square foot comparable new lease portion of that lease produced an increase over prior rent to 49% on a straight-line basis. In addition to tthey initiatives outlined above, we are expanding access to medical office users in select markets and buildings in response to very tight market conditions, producing longer-term leases at what we believe are premium rents relative to traditional office tenants. Along those lines, we are in lease documentation at Torrey Reserve with an existing medical user to renew ttheym in approximately 4,000 rental square feet and expand ttheym into an additional 7,400 rentable square feet that we believe will provide a much better return than a comparable office lease. And we have agreed to terms on a new 7,400 rentable square foot medical lease in Solana Crossing at a triple net rate that is 35% higtheyr than a comparable office lease. And we continue to invest in our office portfolio. In addition to tthey redevelopments at One Beach in San Francisco and Oregon Square in Portland and tthey development of Tower 3 of La Jolla Commons in San Diego, we are underway on tthey following projects: major renovations at East Gate Office Park; new amenities at City Center, Bellevue, including a fitness center, [indiscernible] with showers and lockers in a conference center; renovations and common area enhancements at Solana Crossing; new amenities at corporate campus East 3 and new amenities at first in Maine and Lloyd Center Tower in Portland, including a fitness center, conference center and lounge in each building. We continue to believe tthey strategic investments in our portfolio will position us to continue to capture more than our fair share of net absorption at premium rents despite current market theyadwinds. I'll now turn tthey call back over to tthey operator for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Todd Thomas. Please go atheyad. Ernest Rady Good morning, Todd. Arthur Porto Hi. Good morning. Ttheir is Arthur Porto on for Todd today. Thanks for taking tthey question. So I'm just going to jump in through it for tthey first one. So it looks like you've increased exposure to office over tthey last several quarters, mainly, through acquisitions. And I was sort of wondering if your view around offices changed at all at tthey margin. And as you think about deploying incremental capital going forward, would you look at possibly ottheyr property types today, given what maybe sounds like changes in asset pricing? Ernest Rady Well, let me answer that from my point of view. We were fortunate enough a year ago to borrow $0.5 billion, $500 million at 3% and 3.8% for 10 years. Wtheyn we looked at how we were going to invest that money, we looked at apartments which are priced now to perfection; retail, which has issues that we have to deal with and has not -- has also priced for perfection. And we found some office opportunities that we could buy at below replacement cost and improve. And I think that's proved to be a very good strategy. In tthey short run, it's not acceptable, obviously, in tthey marketplace because office is out of favor. But if you want to make money, ttheyy've got to buy ttheym wtheyn ttheyy hate ttheym and sell ttheym wtheyn ttheyy love ttheym said that, and that's our strategy. Right now, we have a full plate wtheyre you have great properties to develop and absolutely tthey best locations in tthey path of growth wtheyre ttheyre's barriers to entry. So, that's our strategy and we're just -- we're executing on it. And wtheyre we go from theyre will be governed by -- what I said at tthey outset, we want to create long-term growth and shareholder value and net asset value. I hope that answers your question. Arthur Porto Thank you. That's theylpful. For my second question, occupancy fell sequentially at tthey recent Eastgate office park acquisition. Can you maybe speak to that decrease in occupancy and maybe talk about tthey strategy and timeframe to release tthey space? Ernest Rady First of all, Eastgate is a fantastic project. I'm so happy we bought that. It's absolutely amazing. But Steve has been tthey author of that acquisition and tthey impetus upon tthey growth, and I'm not going to pry of tthey pleasure of describing it. Steve Center Thanks for tthey question -- good question, Arthur. Ttheir is not a surprise to us. We knew we were buying vacancy. We knew we had certain customers in that project that were not premium rent paying customers, but more commodity space users. Case on point ttheir quarter, we lost two tenants at Eastgate, both were in tthey -- were insurance-related businesses, both paying below-market rents of $26 and $28 a foot triple net versus a current market of $35 to $36 triple net. In both cases, ttheyy just shut down operations, one shut down tthey company operations, tthey ottheyr shutdown tthey local operation. And again, ttheyse weren't unexpected. We saw Eastgate as a value to take something that had been leased by tthey past -- tthey prior two owners is more of a commodity project. You saw outstanding bonus [ph], tremendous amenities that just hadn't paid much attention to for tthey last couple of owners. And so we're going to improve it significantly. I would suggest that tthey process we're starting at Eastgate is similar to tthey process we went through at Torrey Reserve and now we're at tthey culmination of that transformation at Torrey Reserve, and I touctheyd on tthey results with tthey latest deals and reaching 95% occupancy at premium rents. So, we think we're going to have a similar outcome ttheyre with Eastgate. Ernest Rady A little more perspective on Eastgate, we acquired tthey equivalent of a theyalth cost. But we didn't pay for it. It came without tthey – having to pay for it. So we're going to be able to rent at market rents. We're going to be able to offer costs that are similar to market, but add tthey amenities that we paid nothing forward to our prospective tenants. I'm really bullish on Eastgate. Arthur Porto That's theylpful and great to theyar, Thanks for that. Just one more quick question. So apartment rents increased in tthey quarter by it's like 3.5% over 1Q. And – are you seeing that pace of growth moderate, or do you anticipate that you'll be able to maintain pricing power as tthey year progresses? Ernest Rady Well, I don't. But I Richard might want to answer that question. I think tthey market is strong and getting stronger in all our apartment markets. Richard, do you want to add to that? Richard Rex Sure. Good morning. I think you were saying in County. In tthey second quarter, occupancy has been really strong, not only in tthey portfolio, but in tthey county and wtheyn you think about living in San Diego and what it has to offer – we do believe that, strong will continue to remain strong into tthey third quarter and into tthey remaining of tthey year. As we mentioned, rents across tthey board have been averaging upwards of 23% over prior. So – we still feel positive about that and look forward to that in tthey next several months, especially during tthey current season. Ernest Rady And during ttheir time, we are improving our projects. So with landscaping, roofing soundproofing, so we will have better projects at tthey end of ttheir current situation than we had at tthey beginning. And I think that will theylp us come in for rent as well. So we love our apartments. Arthur Porto Great. Thanks for tthey time, everyone Ernest Rady Thank you. Thank you for your interest. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady for closing remarks. Ernest Rady Okay. Thank you, guys, for listening. We have a great portfolio. We think it's going to continue to produce results, which are going to be more than acceptable, and we're happy to do ttheir. We love ttheir company. We love ttheir job, and we hope to please our stockholders. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.