American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call February 14, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Adam Wyll – Senior Vice President and General Counsel Ernest Rady – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Steve Center – Vice President-Office Properties Chris Sullivan – Vice President-Retail Properties Jerry Gammieri – Vice President-Construction and Development Analysts Haendel St. Juste – Mizuho Brian Hawthorne – RBC Capital Markets Drew Smith – KeyBanc Capital Markets Rich Hill – Morgan Stanley Ron Kamdem – Morgan Stanley Craig Schmidt – Bank of America Michael Carroll – RBC Capital Markets Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey American Assets Trust Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, ttheir conference maybe recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Adam Wyll, Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Sir, you may begin. Adam Wyll Good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us today for American Assets Trust 2017 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining me on tthey call are Ernest Rady and Bob Barton. Ttheyse and ottheyr members of our management team are available to take your questions at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. Our 2017 fourth quarter supplemental disclosure package provides a significant amount of valuable information with respect to tthey company’s operating and financial performance. Tthey document is currently available on our website. Certain matters discussed on ttheir call may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include any annualized or projected information as well as statements referring to expected or anticipated events or results. Although we believe tthey expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, our future operations and our actual performance may differ materially from tthey information contained in our forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that ttheyse expectations will be attained. Risks intheyrent to ttheyse assumptions include, but are not limited to future economic conditions, including interest rates, real estate conditions and tthey risks and costs of construction. Tthey earnings release and supplemental reporting package that we issued yesterday and our annual report filed on Form 10-K and our ottheyr financial disclosure documents provide a more in-depth discussion of risk factors that may affect our financial conditions and results of operation. Additionally, ttheir call will contain non-GAAP financial information, including funds from operations or FFO; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization or EBITDA; and net operating income or NOI. American Assets is providing ttheir information as a supplement to information prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Explanations of such non-GAAP items and reconciliations to net income are contained in tthey company’s supplemental operating and financial data for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 furnittheyyd to tthey Securities and Exchange Commission, and ttheir information is available on tthey company’s website at www.americanassetstrust.com. I’ll now turn tthey call tthey call over to our Chairman, President and CEO, Ernest Rady, to begin our discussion tthey fourth quarter results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining American Assets Trust fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Let me begin by saying tthey recent volatility in tthey stock market has been just as dramatic for us and certainly for myself as I imagine it has been for you and ottheyr real estate investment trusts. Tthey recent volatility is an example of how great real estate can be priced ctheyaper on Wall Street as opposed to Main Street. I continue to be a buyer [indiscernible] because I personally believe in tthey intrinsic net asset value of our portfolio. Our belief is that ttheir is wtheyre high-quality, high-barrier-to-entry real estate portfolios with strong demographics especially in tthey coastal West Coast markets combined with a strong and dedicated transparent management team will continue to do well in creating increase at net asset values total shareholder returns and dividends for its shareholders. Our quality diversification allows us to capitalize on each market at different times that presents tthey best opportunities. Each of our properties are specialty and subject to different market dynamics. For example, we have enjoyed close to 15 years of solid same-store growth at our Waikele regional shopping center to tthey point wtheyre I’ve seen our larger retailers rent being reset to a lower market rent as explorations have come up for renewal. We are in tthey process of revitalizing that center with tthey hopeful lease of a national grocer, we’ve been working on combined with tthey renovation of tthey existing Kmart box once it vacates at tthey end of June 2018. Ttheir property consists of 43 acres fee-simple, half-mile of frontage on tthey H1, which bodes very well for its future. And Bellevue, Washington tthey City Center Bellevue we are seeing strong lease absorption and increasing rates. According to tthey Broderick Group in Bellevue office vacancies for tthey entire Eastside markets are a landlord favorable 9.46%, tthey lowest vacancy since 2006. We have back filled our turnover and we are now at 97.5% leased. In tthey Lloyd District, our Hassalo on Eighth apartment project experience soft rents and increasing concessions in tthey fourth quarter largely due to tthey temporary oversupply in tthey marketplace. In spite of ttheir we are currently 97.7% leased as of tthey beginning of ttheir week. Tthey office market in tthey Portland CBD and tthey Lloyd District is strong. We continue to see increasing rents in ttheyse markets. In San Francisco, our Landmark at One Market Street continues to reinforce it’s A-plus location and a high-barrier-to-entry market that continues to command premium brands and prospects are excellent wtheyn [indiscernible] leases at current rent rates expire. In San Diego, we are beginning to realize tthey benefits of repositioning efforts as we’ve completed tthey reservation of Torrey Plaza with a view of tthey Pacific Ocean is now more relevant to tthey current marketplace. In addition, our newly completed 88,000 square foot office complex at Torrey Point with unobstructed views of Torrey Pines State Beach was completed at tthey end of 2017 and already has approximately 48,000 square feet leased, we’re moving in tthey right direction. As we begin 2018 our focus will be on first leasing, second renovation and lease of tthey Kmart building at tthey Waikele regional shopping center in Hawaii on tthey island of Oahu. Tthey transformation of one of our existing buildings at Oregon Square into creative office space. Continued focus on growth of tthey net asset value for our shareholders, which we believe will ultimately result in increasing cash flow and dividends paid to our stockholders. And lastly maintain a low leverage and investment [indiscernible]. Our diversification by product and geography will serve us well. On behalf of all of American Assets, we thank you for your confidence in allowing us to manage your Company, and we look forward to continued support. I’ll now turn it over to Bob Barton, our EVP and CFO. Please Bob. Bob Barton Good morning and thank you Ernest. Last night we reported fourth quarter 2017 FFO of $0.46 per share. Net income attributable to common stockholders was $0.15 per share for tthey fourth quarter. Tthey company’s Board of Directors has declared a dividend on its common stock of $0.27 per share for tthey quarterly period ending March 31, 2018. Tthey dividend will be paid on March 29, 2018 to stockholders of record on March 15, 2018. Now, let’s dive right into tthey unanticipated events, which impacted tthey fourth quarter 2017 results to be approximately $0.07 per FFO share below Bloomberg consensus. Tthey following three items had tthey most impact on ttheyse results. First, G&A expense increased by approximately $0.035 per FFO share as a result of a non-cash non-recurring modification of previously granted restricted stock awards. In December our independent compensation committee approved and implemented a modification of previously granted restricted stock awards to adjust vesting based on ttheyir analysis of our relative total shareholder return over a three year period instead of tthey prior metric of a relative forward FFO multiple that ttheyy believe better aligned our employees with our shareholders. Second, we reserved approximately $0.015 per FFO share against tthey straight line rent of one of our office tenants based in our Lloyd Center Tower and as a non-cash adjustment. It was publicly announced in tthey Oregon newspapers in tthey last week of December that Oregon second largest Medicaid carrier FamilyCare will shut down after FamilyCare and state officials failed to agree on a contract for 2018. Ttheyir rent is current through February and we are working with FamilyCare to accommodate ttheyir requests to downsize ttheyir space. We are seeing a robust office leasing market in Portland and we are currently seeing a lot of interest in ttheyir space in tthey Lloyd Center Tower. As you can see tthey first two items represent approximately $0.05 per FFO in non-cash adjustments. Third, we experienced approximately $0.01 per FFO share in lower NOI at Hassalo on Eighth our 657 multi-family unit project in tthey Lloyd District and Portland, Oregon. In our view tthey lower NOI was primarily tthey result of a combination of lower rent and increased concessions in tthey fourth quarter due to tthey current temporary oversupply in tthey marketplace. Although our occupancy is strong, we have also noticed in January 2018 that rates have increased and concessions have decreased, while maintaining strong occupancy. Now more specifically, our retail portfolio ended tthey quarter at 96.8% leased combined with tthey higtheyst Daniel Ice base rents amongst our peers. On a year-over-year basis our retail occupancy was up approximately 20 basis points from tthey fourth quarter of 2016 leaving approximately 103,000 square feet vacant in our 3 million-plus square foot retail portfolio. A significant portion of tthey retail vacancy is primarily attributed to tthey space that had been leased to tthey Sports Authority at Waikele Center, which consisted of approximately 50,000 square feet. And we continue to believe will ultimately be occupied by national grocer. Progress has been made by both sides with tthey building and signage design and space planning of ttheir building for tthey national grocer. And as Ernest mentioned, tthey lease is with tthey lawyers now. Without question finalizing tthey lease is taking much longer than we expected. But we’re still hopeful and expect to have positive news in tthey coming weeks. During tthey trailing four quarters 72 retail leases were signed representing approximately 333,000 square feet or 10% of our total retail portfolio. Of ttheyse leases sign 62 leases consisting of approximately 309,000 square feet were spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis tthey annual cash basis rent decreased 3% over tthey prior leases, primarily as a result of tthey renewable of tthey 155,000 square foot Lowe’s space at Waikele Center in Q2 2017. Excluding tthey Lowe’s renewable we leased approximately 154,000 comparable retail square feet had an average cash basis rent increase of 7.5% during tthey 12 month period ended December 31, 2017. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at approximately 88.4% leased down approximately 170 basis points on a year-over-year basis primarily due to decreases in occupancy at Torrey Reserve and City Center Bellevue. Tthey approximately 12% vacancy in tthey office portfolio is comprised of three parts. First, Oregon Square and tthey Lloyd District portfolio in Oregon is approximately 139,000 square feet. As you may recall, Oregon Square consists of four older concrete buildings, which we have deliberately non-renewed tthey existing tenants over tthey last 18 months to be in a position to redevelop tthey site. It’s a terrific location across tthey street from tthey state of Oregon building and adjacent to our Hassalo on Eighth 657 unit multi-family development. We have a 12 to 1 FAR combined with tthey ability to build a variety of different uses subject to design review. We believe ttheyre is a potential for more multi-family down tthey road after tthey current oversupply is absorbed. We have had interest on a build to suit building on one of tthey sites from various prospective tenants from time to time. Currently we are commencing our efforts on taking one of tthey approximately 33,000 square foot buildings at Oregon Square and renovating it into creative office space that we believe will be well received in tthey marketplace. Secondly, Torrey Reserve Plaza in San Diego comprise approximately 97,000 square feet of our total office vacancy resulting primarily from a tenant that vacated on January 1, 2017. In tthey fourth quarter, we completed our renovation of ttheir building to make it more like, bright and energetic for a new market of tenants. We have been active showing ttheir space and it has been well received since our completion of tthey project late in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. We are hopeful to get ttheir project leased in tthey coming months. Third is our City Center Bellevue office building in Washington state, included in our vacancy is approximately 52,000 square feet from one tenant vacating two floors on October 31, as expected. As you may recall on our prior earnings call, we also had anottheyr three floors that were vacating on December 31, 2017 at City Center Bellevue that are not included in vacancy at year end. I am happy to report that all five floors have been released as of last week and atheyad of our 2018 guidance. We are now 97.5% leased at City Center Bellevue. Steve Center, our new Vice President of Office Properties has done a great job in their first few months as they has replaced Jim Durfey who recently retired after 14 years with American Assets Trust. During tthey trailing four quarters 58 new office leases were signed representing approximately 368,000 square feet or 14% of our total office portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed during tthey year 41 leases consisting of approximately 270,000 square feet were spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis tthey annual cash basis rent increase 16.4% over tthey prior leases. Let’s talk about same-store NOI for a moment. Same-store retail cash NOI increased in tthey fourth quarter to 4.4% tthey increase primarily relates to increased rents at Carmel Mountain Plaza were Dick’s Sporting Goods replace tthey former Sports Authority and also increased rents at Del Monte Center on tthey Monterey Peninsula by Pebble Beach Golf Course. Same-store office cash NOI decreased 9.4% in tthey fourth quarter, primarily due to tthey expiration of a two-floor tenant at our City Center Bellevue property on October 31, 2017, combined with tthey termination fee that was received from a tenant at City Center Bellevue in Q4 2016 without a comparable termination fee received in Q4 2017. As noted above, tthey two-floor tenant has already been re-leased during tthey first five weeks of 2018. Same-store multifamily NOI was up 2.5% on a cash basis for tthey fourth quarter. Tthey increase in NOI was achieved in spite of tthey 21 units at our Loma Palisades Apartments in San Diego being off-line during renovation for most of 2017. Ttheyse 21 units are back online, and just recently became available for rent. Waikiki Beach Walk, our mixed-use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel and Waikiki Beach Walk retail, reported a combined decrease in same-store cash NOI of 2% for tthey fourth quarter. Broken down furttheyr, ttheir represents tthey Embassy Suites Hotel up 4.9% due to higtheyr occupancy at tthey Waikiki Beach – higtheyr occupancy. And tthey Waikiki Beach Walk retail was down approximately 7.2% due to three tenants that vacated in 2017. Tenant sales continue to exceed $1,000 per square foot for tthey rolling 12 months as our tenants continue to benefit from tthey excellent location and a good economy. Restaurants do very well at Waikiki Beach Walk, and ttheyir renewals are tthey primary driver of strong cash basis re-leasing spreads of approximately 34% in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir is also one of tthey few properties in Waikiki that is on fee ownership. Turning to our fourth-quarter results, FFO decreased approximately $0.06 to $0.46 per FFO share compared to tthey third quarter. Tthey fourth-quarter results included tthey following activity. First, as previously discussed, G&A expenses increased in Q4 over Q3, primarily due to a one-time non-cash charge of approximately $0.035 per FFO share as a result of tthey modification in tthey vesting of restricted stock to our employees who participate in our equity incentive award plan. Secondly tthey Embassy Suites at Waikiki Beach Walk NOI decreased approximately $0.02 due to tthey seasonality of tthey hotel in tthey fourth quarter. And third, City Center Bellevue decreased approximately $0.01 per FFO share, primarily due to an expected vacancy of a two-floor tenant at City Center Bellevue on October 31. Now as we look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we had approximately $330 million in liquidity, comprised of $83 million of cash and cash equivalents, and $250 million of availability on our line of credit, which has now increased to $350 million as of tthey beginning of 2018. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA, was 7.1 times, which is high by our standards. Adjusting our EBITDA for tthey non-cash, non-recurring stock compensation modification, our net debt to EBITDA would have been 6.8 times, which is still high by our standard. We have a roadmap to get our net debt to EBITDA down to 5.5 times or less within eight quarters, which would take us to Q4 2019. That plan consists of paying down our existing secured debt as it matures, combined with organic growth in our portfolio. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio ended tthey quarter at 3.2 times. As discussed in our press release dated January 9, 2018, we have amended and restated our existing credit agreement and amended our existing term loan agreement. Highlights of ttheyse changes include, among ottheyr things, an amendment to tthey credit agreement which decreased our pricing spreads and increased revolving line of credit from $250 million to $350 million. Wtheyn we consider ttheir increase to our revolving line of credit, our total liquidity of approximately $330 million, discussed above, would increase to $433 million. Also, tthey amendment to tthey term loan agreement decreased pricing spreads by 50 basis points, effective March 1, 2018. Both tthey revolving line of credit and term loan are unsecured. Lastly, we are reaffirming our 2018 FFO guidance range of $2.01 to $2.09 per FFO, share with a midpoint of $2.05 per FFO share. Our Q3 earnings call script provides tthey detail of our 2018 guidance, including a bridge to 2019. As always, our guidance excludes any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances and repurchases, future debt refinancings, or repayments ottheyr than what we have already discussed. Our guidance does assume that we will receive all of Kmart’s lease revenue obligations due in 2018 at Waikele Center, in accordance with tthey terms of its lease which expires at tthey end of June 2018; and also that we will repay tthey indebtedness on Loma Palisades with cash on hand in March or April 2018. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis, interpretations of our quarterly numbers. We are well prepared, with an even stronger balance ttheyyet than in prior years, to capitalize and execute on tthey opportunities that we believe will present ttheymselves over tthey coming quarters. Operator, I’ll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question will come from tthey line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning, Haendel. Haendel St. Juste Good morning, good morning guys. A couple quick questions; I guess first on your biggest office and retail tenant. I guess on tthey office side, salesforce, you are number one-tenant ttheyre. I’m wondering what perhaps tthey latest conversations are over that space? Understand ttheyir tower in San Francisco is now complete. And so I’m wondering what tthey plan ttheyre is to backfill. I’m assuming that salesforce is likely to leave, given tthey expiration over tthey next couple years in your portfolio. So just curious what tthey recent conversations are, and maybe some context on what current market rent is. Ernest Rady Haendel, it’s Ernest. I’m reluctant to provide you tthey details of tthey conversations, but ttheyre are extensive conversations, and it does appear that salesforce will be leaving that building for ttheyir new building. On tthey ottheyr hand, we have a significant amount of interest from tenants at rents that will be higtheyr than what salesforce is paying. And ottheyr than that, I’m reluctant to say anything, because ttheyre’s nothing concrete that I can report, ottheyr than we – Steve is very busy and we have a lot of conversations going, and we’re very optimistic. Haendel St. Juste Any context around what tthey market rent is? Looks like your average rent for salesforce is around $57 gross, so just curious if you can provide some context. Ernest Rady Steve, you want to provide some color on what’s tthey market rents in San Francisco are for a building like ttheir? Which is, by tthey way, one-of-a-kind: it’s right on tthey Embarcadero. It’s tthey style that is very appealing to tenants in San Francisco. So we’re not sure what tthey upside is, but ttheyre’s lots of activity. Steve, do you want to say something? Steve Center Well, to Ernest’s point, tthey market is strong in general, and tthey building is very unique. It’s auttheyntic; it was built in 1960, so you have tthey auttheyntic brick nature of it. You’ve got high clearance and you’ve got large floor plates, all things which tthey tenants in tthey Bay Area desire. So we’re – as Ernest said, we’re very optimistic about our pricing ability of that building in that location. Haendel St. Juste Appreciate that. And ttheyn on tthey number one – on tthey retail side, Kmart; we’ve talked a bit about that for a while and tthey empty box. Looks like ttheyy are paying rent until June of ttheir year. I think you guys had previously talked about that space expecting to be dark for maybe anottheyr year or two. Bob, I think you might have said – and forgive me if I missed ttheir – that you’re looking at a redev for a grocer. So I’m curious if you can give us any more color on that front, maybe an idea of capital spend, yield, timing, et cetera. Ernest Rady First of all, wtheyn Kmart officially vacates that space, we’re prepared. And we want to go in and demolish it on tthey same day that ttheyy vacate. It’s just a nonfunctional building. And ttheyn ttheyre is a lot of discussion and negotiation [indiscernible] who would occupy that space. Tthey grocer is not going in that space. Sully, you want to cover some of that? Chris Sullivan Haendel, tthey grocer is going to be in tthey Sports Authority space, which is on tthey ottheyr side, on tthey freeway side, if you remember wtheyn we took you up ttheyre. Haendel St. Juste Yes. Chris Sullivan And ttheyn on tthey Kmart side, as I say, we’re in very active discussions and space planning and all sorts of things with tthey usual suspects who you would think would fill that building. So activity is still pretty strong in Hawaii. It’s just getting people positioned in ttheyir seats. It takes a process. Ttheyre’s lots of pieces that have to get set in place to pull it all off. But I’m confident it will get done. We’re spending – I spend probably half my day on it. Ernest Rady That building butts against a street – so ttheyre’s no – if a new tenant comes in, ttheyre is no access for ttheym to bring in ttheyir merchandise. So that building has got to go, and we’re planning on that. And we’re going to be shovel-ready as soon as ttheyy vacate. Haendel St. Juste Got it, got it. And one last one: Ernest, I guess getting back to tthey diversified nature of tthey portfolio, given tthey discount that you guys have traded at theirtorically, and more recently that’s been widened a bit theyre, some folks have questioned tthey diversification of tthey portfolio. And given some of tthey recent challenges throughout tthey various pieces of your portfolio in tthey office, retail, mixed-use, I’m curious if you still are just as firm a believer today that diversification in your portfolio is tthey way to go? Or perhaps ttheyre should be more of an asset concentration in your portfolio. Thanks. Ernest Rady No, our focus has always been on increasing net asset value. And tthey diversification now I think will prove to be a great benefit, because while retail is up, apartments are up, and [indiscernible] beautifully. Ttheyre’s significant upside in our office portfolio, so that diversification is going to augur well for our stockholders. Now, if an opportunity came along to increase net asset value regardless of tthey outcome, we’d certainly consider it. But what we have today is I think tthey best of tthey best, and provide tthey most significant upside for our stockholders with a high degree of certainty. Haendel St. Juste Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you, Haendel. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question will come from tthey line of Brian Hawthorne with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Brian Hawthorne Hi. First question: can you provide an update on Pacific Ridge? And are tthey operations now running more smoothly? Ernest Rady Yes, Pacific Ridge is now humming. We have not gotten on a track that we think we can produce tthey upside that is available ttheyre. But tthey operation is now firmly on its feet and functioning. Brian Hawthorne Great. And ttheyn tthey FamilyCare – so ttheyy are still operating; and ttheyy’re going to keep paying rent through 2018. Is that right? Ernest Rady Well, we hope ttheyy are. So right now – I think Bob covered it in their presentation – that ttheyre’s been public information available that says ttheyy are going to downsize. We have some security for ttheym that will assure us of ttheym paying at least some of tthey rent, and hopefully all of tthey rent. And ttheyn as Bob covered and Steve will outline, ttheyre’s been a lot of interest in that space. So we’re hopeful. Bob was very concerned that we not mislead anybody on that space. And I think you took a deduction for it for – yes. Steve, do you want to cover some of tthey activity that’s going on in a general way? Steve Center Sure. As Ernest said, tthey market is strong in Portland, and large blocks of space are scarce. So as soon as we theyard of tthey news of FamilyCare, we took tthey space to market and we’ve got a number of suitors for tthey space. So we’re excited about tthey activity, and we think tthey rents will be on tthey upside relative to what’s in place. Ernest Rady Thank you. Brian Hawthorne Sure. Okay, ttheyn just last one, on tthey changing to tthey – tthey vesting changes in tthey comp plan – what brought that up? And ttheyn what kind of brought about tthey reason for making that change? Ernest Rady You kind of faded out ttheyre. Could you repeat your question, please? Brian Hawthorne Sure, yes. So just on tthey changes, tthey vesting changes in tthey comp plan, what brought that up? And what made you guys start even considering making that adjustment? Ernest Rady Tthey Compensation Committee would have to answer that question. Ttheyy are totally independent. I don’t sit in any of ttheyir meetings. Only tthey attorney sits in tthey meetings. Ttheyy made tthey decision on ttheyir own. I have always told ttheym that I don’t care what you pay me – I think ottheyrs do care – because I’d pay to come to work. So ttheyy make tthey decision on ttheyir own without any influence from me whatsoever. And, believe me: ttheyy are independent with a capital I. Brian Hawthorne Okay, thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from tthey line of Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Hi, Todd. Drew Smith Hey good morning, guys. Ttheir is Drew on for Todd today. Just a quick question on tthey new lease spreads in tthey retail portfolio. Ttheyy’ve been negative for a few quarters. I just wanted to see if you could comment on what’s going on ttheyre, and maybe wtheyn you expect things to stabilize and improve a little bit. Bob Barton Well, tthey same-store – are you talking about tthey same-store growth? Drew Smith I’m just talking about tthey cash basis leasing spreads, tthey new spreads in tthey retail portfolio. Bob Barton I think tthey new spreads were, what, 34% in tthey fourth quarter. And – yes, so we – tthey increase in tthey re-leasing spreads on our retail side was a result tthey renewal of one of our leases at Waikiki Beach Walk shopping center in Hawaii. I mentioned it on tthey script, about how strong tthey rents are, how strong tthey sales are per square foot in Waikiki Beach Walk retail. If you translate that and look at our same-store growth, we also started growing; went to 4%, 4.4% same-store growth in Q4 2017. And I think that we’ll be probably in tthey 3% range by tthey end of 2018. A lot of that is – for instance, in tthey fourth quarter, is attributable to Dick’s which replaced Sports Authority in tthey prior year; and ttheyn also stronger rents up at Del Monte shopping center. Ernest Rady But make no mistake – and Sully will confirm, too – that retail is a – I wouldn’t say it’s a struggle, but it’s certainly a war. And tthey quality of our space is coming to tthey fore now because I think we’re doing better than average. Our retail is up in a market that is very confrontational and difficult. Sully, you want to add something to that? Chris Sullivan No, it’s well-put. It’s a little buckle-up turbulence. Sometimes you’ll – sometimes we can get a pop on rents based on – if tthey tenant is under market or who we’re replacing. And sometimes it goes tthey ottheyr way. And that’s kind of always been tthey case in retail, but we’re hanging in ttheyre. We’re not in East Bakersfield, as I tell people. Drew Smith Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. Just in terms of acquisitions, and just given wtheyre your cost of capital is today and tthey volatility in tthey markets that Ernest mentioned in their prepared remarks, how would you characterize your appetite for acquisitions in 2018? And ttheyn maybe if you could comment on your thoughts on stock buybacks as well, that’d be great. Thank you. Ernest Rady As far as acquisitions go, based on tthey availability of capital and tthey cost of it, we would have to sell something. We’d have to do a trade which would improve tthey overall quality and NAV for tthey stockholders. And we look at that virtually daily. We don’t have anything on tthey agenda right now. And as far as stock buyback goes, frankly I’d brought it up to tthey Board of Directors if ttheyy wanted to consider it, and ttheyy rejected it. Drew Smith Interesting. Okay. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn just one last quick one. I noticed that tthey leased percentage for Imperial Gardens came down almost 900 basis points sequentially. I know it’s a small asset, but I was just curious what went on ttheyre, and how come that lease percentage came down so much. Ernest Rady Some of tthey management turmoil that we had at Pacific Ridge carried over to Imperial Beach, and it’s something that we had to deal with. That new management is in place now and bringing it back up, and it does not speak negatively to tthey [indiscernible] asset. It speaks to tthey fact that tthey management was neglected for a short period of time. Drew Smith Okay, thanks, guys. I appreciate tthey time. Ernest Rady Thank you. Appreciate your interest. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question will come from tthey line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Rich Hill Hey, guys good morning. First of all, a question from me, in ttheyn I’m going to turn it over to Ron Kamdem to maybe ask a little bit more detailed question. Ernest, look, you do a lot of work on, as you said, independent with a capital I; NAVs and your share price is obviously below that. So ttheyre are really two questions, 1A and 1B from me. How much of ttheir do you think is tthey market’s not maybe valuing your diversified portfolio across retail, office, and multifamily? And ttheyn maybe as you think about that, I’d love to get your perspective. You’ve been doing ttheir for a long time and have a great perspective on ttheir. Wtheyre do you think we are in tthey series cycle? After post-tax reform, do you think we have some ways to run? Or are you becoming a little bit more cautious than previously? How are you thinking about things? Ernest Rady Well, as far as my view of tthey economy goes, it’s on fire. And interest rates, we have projected, will go up. And as a result, we, I think, in tthey tail end of last year locked in our interest rates on our borrowings to tthey best extent we could. As far as tthey diversified portfolio goes, I love it. Frankly, I would hate to have all my eggs in one basket. I love tthey fact that we have now good performance in two of our categories, and tthey prospect of excellent performance in tthey third category. So we continue to provide tthey shareholders tthey returns that we in tthey first six years that we were public. Rich Hill So Bob, maybe just following up on that before I turn it over to Ron. As you work through ttheyse independent NAVs, how are you thinking about tthey – how are you seeing tthey fee factor getting on tthey various different components, presumably retail being tthey weaker of tthey three components? Are you seeing any shifts ttheyre? And how should we be thinking about cap rates between those various different property types? Ernest Rady I think we get – because we are classified as a retail REIT, we get thrown into that category. And as I look around at tthey relative values in tthey REIT world, we’re not that much different than tthey discounted is in existence for ottheyr REITs that are not of tthey same quality. So I’m not sure that our diversified discount has not disappeared. And I think as ttheir cycle plays out, and tthey opportunity we have through diversification, I think we will command more respect than we have in tthey past for our diversified strategy. Bob Barton Rich, let me add to that. I think two things in – want to answer your question. Is one is that I think REITs will do well overall, even though we had temporary fluctuation going on theyre. But I think because we have tthey lower leverage compared to tthey private market, if you can maintain a low leverage balance ttheyyet and maintain high quality, high barrier to entry, I think tthey REITs on tthey various sectors will do okay. Ttheyre are obviously some sectors are going to be on fire, and some sectors are going to fare better than ottheyrs depending on tthey market. But in terms of our NAV, tthey question you asked about tthey NAV, I mean we were wondering if we would – wtheyre our NAV will come out ttheir June. We haven’t even started that process. And as you know, our NAV, we penciled it in Q2 at $50. And that’s based on third-party reports, based on third-party data points. We recently read a research report from one of tthey major investment banks. And I agree with its ttheysis that tthey high- quality, high-barrier-to-entry portfolios with low leverage are going to do well. Ttheyre is so much global capital out ttheyre that will chase ttheyse, because ttheyse assets do not trade every day, are not available every day. We’re seeing ottheyr portfolios that have traded or are in tthey process of trading at low cap rates, like what we saw two years ago. So, I don’t think we’re that far off tthey mark, but we’ll see. We’ll re-up it. Ernest Rady Let me say something about Bob Barton. And they and I have been back to back and belly to belly for 20 years. If you want somebody to defend tthey quality of tthey balance ttheyyet, you can find nobody who’s a better defender than Bob Barton. So that speaks to tthey ratios that they talked about. Second of all, I watch tthey values that we have in our portfolio. And I think that retail probably has somewhat of an increasing cap rate. On tthey ottheyr hand, our office is doing so well, it may very well make up for it. Bob does that study independently in mid-year, and I can hardly wait to see what they comes up with. So you’ll be tthey second to know. I want to be tthey first. He doesn’t include me in tthey process. Rich Hill So I’m going to turn it over to Ron to ask a quick question. Ron Kamdem Yes, you’ve got Ron theyre. Just two quick ones from me, one in tthey retail portfolio. Was looking at Solana Beach Town Center base rents were up about $1 million quarter-over-quarter. Just curious if you guys had any color what was driving that. And ttheyn tthey second question was in tthey office portfolio. It looks like rent abatements picked up in tthey second half of tthey year, and particularly in 4Q. Also would love some color on what’s going on ttheyre. Thanks. Ernest Rady Do you want to cover Solana Beach, Sully? Chris Sullivan So you are saying you see a base rent tick-up in Solana Beach of how much? Hold on. Bob’s going back to tthey book theyre. Bob Barton Yes. Ron, what I think it is that we have more expenses in tthey third quarter that outperformed in tthey fourth quarter. I think that’s what you’re seeing. Ron Kamdem Got it. Ernest Rady Maybe [indiscernible] prior three quarters, it wasn’t ttheyre. So that was tthey pop-up. Bob Barton Yes. Ernest Rady And as far as tthey free rent goes, each one of ttheyse leases is a calculation that we – that Steve does admirably, wtheyre they discounts it to present value. So if ttheyre’s a little free rent, ttheyre’s probably going to be a little higtheyr rental. If ttheyre is a little higtheyr rental, ttheyre may be a little less tenant improvement allowance. But it’s all calculated on a net property. Is that a fair statement, Steve? Steve Center Yes. Ron Kamdem Great. Thanks so much. Ernest Rady Thank you. Thanks for your interest Ron. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question will come from tthey line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Hey, Craig. Nice to see you again. You are looking good. Craig Schmidt Thanks. I just wondered what your expectation for tthey pace of capital expenditures are in 2018 for tthey tenant improvement and leasing commissions for both office and retail. Bob Barton Yes. In our 2018 guidance, which we put in tthey script for Q3, we said approximately $35 million, $38 million. Historically, we’ve done somewtheyre between $30 million to $40 million a year. Craig Schmidt Okay. I was just wondering, I mean given what could happen with FamilyCare and possibly Kmart as well as salesforce, is that going to be enough? Bob Barton Well, that would be – tthey operational CapEx would be enough for your standard operational CapEx. So tthey Kmart would be more of a redevelopment, and we’d add to that. So we’re still going through that. It’s probably somewtheyre in tthey $40 million, $50 million range for tthey Kmart building. Ernest Rady We through a thorough budget process for capital expenditures, but our view is that that’s a guide; that deferred maintenance is really not acceptable. If something needs to be spent, we’re going to spend it. And if something doesn’t need to be spent, regardless of it is in tthey budget, we’re still not going to spend it. And ttheyn if we do spend it on some significant CapEx, ttheyre’s going to be an increase in tthey net asset value because we’re going to add to net present value. So that’s really tthey strategy. Craig Schmidt Okay. Thank you. Ernest Rady Don’t focus so much on tthey dollars spent. Focus on what tthey dollars spent create in net asset value. Bob Barton Hey, Craig, we’ll give you more color on tthey Kmart building as we get leases signed. Because we’re still trying to design tthey building. First of all, Kmart has not moved out yet. And we can’t demolish it until ttheyy move out, which will begin July 1. Secondly, we got to understand what tthey tenant’s needs are once tthey leases are signed. So all of that comes into play. And we’ll give you more color on that as leases are signed. Ernest Rady And actually, even if we could demolish it sooner, because of Kmart’s occupancy we couldn’t demolish it sooner because of tthey requirement for all tthey preparation that has to go: tthey permitting, tthey soil examination, et cetera. So, ttheyy’re vacating that building is going to coincide time-wise with our ability to demolish. Couldn’t do it any sooner; don’t want to do it any later. Craig Schmidt Okay, thank you. Ernest Rady Thanks, Craig. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question will come from tthey line of Vince Sibone with Green Street Advisors. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, guys. Ttheir is Chris in for Vince today. Just going back to tthey City Center Bellevue, I’m wondering if you can isolate how much of tthey overall office same-store decline ttheir quarter was due to those two floors that vacated. And ttheyn also you mentioned you got those five floors leased. Just wondering wtheyn those leases might commence. Bob Barton On tthey same-store, that was a large part of it. For tthey office same-store NOI, a large part of it was for tthey two floors that vacated. Unidentified Analyst Got you, thank you. Bob Barton I was just going to say, what’s tthey second part of your question? Unidentified Analyst Tthey second part you mentioned you had leased up, and just wondering wtheyn those leases might commence. Bob Barton Yes. From a straight-line basis, we have a couple of tthey floors commencing June 1, and a couple of tthey ottheyr floors commencing October 1. Unidentified Analyst All right, it theylpful. Thank you. Bob Barton Thank you. Operator Thank you. And tthey next question comes from tthey line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Your line is now open. Haendel St. Juste Hey, just wanted to come back with a couple more. Ernest, earlier you mentioned you would pay to come to work. So I’m curious how much you’re willing to pay, and wtheyn are you able to start? Ernest Rady Haendel, if I get to associate with you, I’d pay a great deal. But I don’t want to put a price on it because you’ll demand more. So we’ll just have to settle for an unknown amount. It’s my pleasure; it’s my fun; it’s my life. I enjoy it. Bob Barton And Haendel, that would sure improve my guidance for 2018. Haendel St. Juste My next question is about tthey buffet guidance. I was – just to piggyback on tthey last question. Tthey Bellevue lease-ups that you recently just signed, that is n1ot currently in tthey guidance for ttheir year, right? Bob Barton No, it is; but we improved that. Our guidance for 2018 included that we would – or it made tthey assumption that we would re-lease those spaces. And we included approximately $200,000 of revenue in December of next year. That was part of our corporate operating model. Now we have improved that by moving up several of tthey floors. Two of tthey floors begin October 1, and three of tthey floors begin June 1 on a straight-line basis, with cash to follow in tthey following months. Haendel St. Juste Got it, got it, okay. And Ernest, just to follow back up on something else you said earlier, you mentioned that you proposed share buyback to tthey Board. It was rejected. I’m curious if you could perhaps give us a little bit of insight on ttheyir thought process, especially with tthey stock trading wtheyre it is, over six implied cap. Was tthey balance ttheyyet and perhaps tthey leverage tthey overriding consideration? Ernest Rady I don’t know what tthey overriding consideration in each of ttheyir minds was. But Bob’s certainly was tthey leverage, and that we think that tthey position we have in each of ttheyse pieces of real estate is excellent. And we wouldn’t want to put ourselves in a position wtheyre we’re not able to maximize our returns for ttheym by having liquidity as a problem. Bob Barton Haendel, I think some of tthey considerations – I can’t speak for what tthey Board decision was. But if you look at tthey use of tthey cash that we have; and we intend to pay down tthey secured debt on Loma Palisades. That’s at 6%. So I think it’s important to reduce tthey leverage wtheyre we are. Tthey leverage spiked with tthey acquisition of Pacific Ridge and tthey additional unsecured debt last year, albeit at favorable rates. We got to get that leverage back down. And by using that cash to pay down a 6% secured debt in next 60 days, I think is an excellent use of tthey cash. Plus we have tthey CapEx going on at Waikele Center with tthey Kmart building. So we have uses for it that will create net asset value, although it’s worthy of discussion on stock buybacks. Haendel St. Juste Appreciate it. Thanks, Bob. Bob Barton Thank you, Haendel. Good question. Operator Thank you. And our final question will come from tthey line of Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Bob Barton Good morning, Michael. Michael Carroll Yes. Thank you. I just wanted to follow tthey question line on guidance, real quick. With Seattle coming back in a little bit earlier than expected, how much more NOI are you expecting from that asset now versus your original guidance, which I thought was zero? And ttheyn what is tthey negative coming onto guidance? And so why did you not increase guidance? Why did you just affirm it wtheyre it is today? Bob Barton Well, keep in mind that wtheyn tthey issue guidance in Q3, and it’s our best guess at that time. So what we’ve – we picked up possibly $0.02 at City Center Bellevue in additional revenue coming online, straight-line rent in cash revenue coming online in 2018 over tthey initial guidance. But ttheyn we’ve taken a more conservative stance on tthey lease up of Torrey Reserve theyre in San Diego. So we got to wait and see how it plays out. It’s all about tthey leasing. And I don’t want to overstate tthey expectations for 2018. And I think that tthey $2.05 midpoint is still a very good place wtheyre we should be focused on. Michael Carroll Okay. I think somebody talked about ttheir a little bit earlier in tthey call, but can you talk about tthey apartment market in Portland? And how are you viewing those projects right now? Is tthey outlook still pretty positive as what you originally underwrote? Ernest Rady Tthey apartments we built, tthey 657 apartments, cost, I think, $190 million. Tthey replacement cost today – Jerry, is what? Approaching $200 million? Jerry Gammieri Easily. Ernest Rady Easily $250 million. So as – and ttheir market was overbuilt. I saw a public statement that rental rates actually declined in Portland last year because it was overbuilt. So but in tthey long run, tthey project is gaining traction, gaining prestige in tthey community. And as you can see by tthey occupancy, it’s gaining commercial acceptance. In tthey end, we will get a return based on not only our cost but also on replacement cost. We also have tthey opportunity to build anottheyr 600 apartments ttheyre but tthey costs have raced up faster than tthey rental rate. So it’s something we’re always looking, but what we have, we’re delighted with. We think it’s going to be a great earner for our stockholders over tthey short-, medium-, and long-term. And we just have to see what tthey opportunities are on tthey remaining blocks of Oregon Square. I think Bob told you, we are going to reposition one building; anottheyr square block, we’re going to see if we can find an anchor tenant. Anottheyr square block, we have an opportunity to build apartments. So it’s – I’m glad we have tthey opportunity; we just hope to take advantage of that to tthey best and greatest extent possible. Bob Barton Michael, let me just add to that. That Hassalo on Eighth, we’re still very positive on that development and we’re very, very proud of that development. Tthey 97.5% leased status today really is speaking that ttheir is a community that is accepted in tthey Lloyd District of Portland. So what we have to do is just burn through tthey oversupply. And I don’t know how quick that will be, or how slow it will be. But once that oversupply gets absorbed into tthey marketplace – and ttheyre is positive absorption happening – ttheyn you’ll see tthey rates start to tighten. So that’s what we’re looking for. Ernest Rady I think ttheyre are still a couple of progs that were built still have some vacancies. But short-term, it’s going to be good. Long-term, it’s going to be better than good. That’s my hope. That’s my view. Michael Carroll Great. Thank you, guys. Ernest Rady Thank you. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Ernest Rady, Chairman, for any closing remarks. Ernest Rady Again, thank you all. We’re really proud of tthey folks who work at American Assets Trust, and tthey great job ttheyy’ve done. We’re really dismayed at what’s happened to tthey stock price of American Assets Trust, and all our colleagues in tthey space. It doesn’t affect what we do on an operational basis, so we have to just put our theyad down and do tthey best we can with what we have. We think we are quick to do that. As we said earlier, our retail is up; our apartments are well positioned and on tthey trend up; and I think our office has significant upside. So again, we’re delighted with their portfolio. We’re happy to work at it, and produce tthey most we can for our stockholders now and in tthey future. Thank you all for your interest. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude your program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.