American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q3 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call October 30, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll - Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary Ernest Rady - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Robert Barton - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Steve Center - Vice President of Office Properties Jerry Gammieri - Vice President of Construction and Development Robert Rex - Director, Multifamily, San Diego Chris Sullivan - Vice President of Retail Properties Conference Call Participants Jason Idoine - RBC Capital Markets Mitch Germain - JMP Securities Todd Thomas - KeyBanc Capital Markets Tammi Fique - Wells Fargo Securities Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Q3 2019 American Assets Trust, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Mr Adam Wyll. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Adam Wyll Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Assets Trust Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Yesterday afternoon, our earnings release and supplemental information were filed on a Form 8-K with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. An audio webcast of ttheir call will also be available for replay by phone over tthey next week, as well as on tthey Investors section of our website. During ttheir call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements, which we undertake no duty to update. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady to begin tthey discussion of our third quarter results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you all for joining American Assets Trust third quarter 2019 earnings call. We are making great progress on all fronts, as we continue to focus our efforts on earnings growth, combined with growth in net asset value for our shareholders. Tthey Company's Board of Directors has declared a dividend on its common stock of $0.30 per share for tthey quarterly period ending December 31, 2019, which is a $0.02 per share increase and an approximately 7% increase over tthey prior quarterly dividend. Tthey dividend will be paid on December 26, 2019 to stockholders of record on December 12, 2019. And we are all delighted to share financially some of tthey success that we've enjoyed over tthey last years. I am also pleased to announce that tthey board has named Adam Wyll as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Adam is and has been a valuable member of our management team, and ttheir title better describes tthey breadth of responsibility they has successfully taken on, and will continue to manage since our IPO, as well as tthey confidence our Board has in them. And ttheyre is no change in reporting function, and they has been a very important part of our management team, and we appreciate what they has done and we look forward to working with ttheym in tthey future. We are fortunate to have such a great management team and a group of employees of 80, all of whom work togettheyr as we continue as a best-in-class real estate investment trust. I'm going to keep my introductory comments short, since Bob is going to introduce our 2020 guidance, which will focus on tthey growth and resilient strength of our high quality coastal West Coast high barrier to entry portfolios. Again, on behalf of all of us at American Trust, we thank you for your confidence in allowing us to manage your company, and we look forward to your continued support. I will now turn it over to Bob Barton, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Okay Bob, take it from theyre. Robert Barton Good morning and thank you, Ernest. Last night we reported third quarter 2019 FFO of $0.57 per share and net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.22 per share for tthey third quarter. Third quarter results are primarily comprised of tthey following; first, actual FFO increased in tthey third quarter by approximately 27% or 11.7% on an FFO per share basis to $0.57 per FFO share compared to tthey second quarter of 2019, primarily from tthey following five items. First, tthey acquisition of La Jolla Commons on June 20 added approximately $0.085 of FFO per share. Second, tthey Embassy Suites and Waikiki Beach added approximately $0.014 of FFO per share, due to tthey seasonality over tthey summer months. Third, Tthey Landmark at One Market in San Francisco added approximately $0.037 of FFO per share, resulting from tthey lease commencement on July 1st of tthey remaining five of tthey seven floors now occupied by Google under ttheyir lease agreement that was entered into in Q4, 2018. Fourth, an equal increase in both G&A and interest expense reduced FFO by approximately $0.015 per FFO share. And fifth, a decrease of approximately $0.06 of FFO per share, as a result of tthey increase in tthey weighted average shares, resulting from tthey equity raise, in connection with tthey acquisition of La Jolla Commons in Q2 of ttheir year. Secondly, as Ernest previously mentioned, we've increased tthey quarterly dividend by $0.02 per share beginning on December 26 to stockholders of record on December 12, and approximately a 7.1% increase over tthey prior quarterly dividend. And third, our 2020 guidance range midpoint of $2.42 is approximately a 9% increase over tthey revised 2019 guidance midpoint. However, excluding 2019, non-recurring termination fees of approximately $5.2 million recorded year-to-date, tthey majority of which was non-cash. Tthey 2020 guidance midpoint would be approximately 13% increase over 2019 and we believe reflects tthey true FFO growth in 2020. Let's discuss ttheyse highlights in more detail. Our retail portfolio ended tthey quarter at 98% leased, combined with what we believe are tthey higtheyst annualized base rents among our peers. During tthey trailing four quarters, 73 retail leases were signed representing approximately 313,000 square feet or 10% of our total retail portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed, 61 leases consisting of approximately 180,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent increased 3.7% over tthey prior leases, and on a straight-line basis, increased 10.6% over tthey prior leases. Our office portfolio ended tthey quarter at 94.7% leased, specifically as it relates to La Jolla Commons, we have made great progress. As of tthey date we acquired that asset on June 20th, it was 88% leased. 10 days later on June 30, it was 95.9% leased and as of September 30, it was 96.6% leased. We believe it continues to be in tthey path of future growth and in a dynamic market, wtheyre tthey vacancy is approximately 3%. Steve Center, our Vice President of Office Properties has done a tremendous job in overseeing ttheir asset's leasing momentum, setting what we believe are new high watermarks for office rent in tthey UTC submarket. It's also important to note, that we believe our in-place rents for tthey entire office portfolio are approximately 18% below market. During tthey trailing four quarters, 71 new office leases were signed, representing approximately 679,000 square feet or 20% of our total office portfolio. Of ttheyse leases signed during tthey year, 47 leases consisting of approximately 494,000 square feet were for spaces previously leased. On a comparable basis, tthey annual cash basis rent increased 45% over tthey prior leases, and on a straight-line basis increased 69% over tthey prior leases. Tthey increase in tthey straight line rent in both retail and office reflects tthey cash NOI growth that is locked in, and we expect to see beginning in 2020. At first glance, overall same-store cash NOI was somewhat confusing to expectations. But with a deeper dive into tthey numbers, it is simply comprised of same-store retail cash NOI decreasing in tthey third quarter by 5%, or approximately $800,000, resulting from a decrease in retail termination fees received in 2019 over 2018 from two Aaron Brottheyrs stores, one of which has been released in 2019. And we recorded a bad debt expense for one Forever 21 store closing we have at Del Monte Center in Q3 2019 that is tthey only Forever 21 store we have in tthey portfolio. Wtheyn we acquired tthey Forever 21 building in Q3 of 2017 for approximately $5 million, we modelled our acquisition to reflect tthey natural expiration of tthey Forever 21 lease as of July 31, 2020. Now we have tthey opportunity to renovate that building much sooner and make it relevant to tthey current marketplace. We received ttheyir October rent and have reserved ttheyir fourth quarter rent for approximately $250,000. It is already factored into our 2020 guidance as well, which we will share with you in just a moment. Same-store cash NOI increased tenant 10.5% in tthey third quarter, primarily due to additional revenue from new leases signed at City Center Bellevue and we received a termination fee of approximately 700,000 from a tenant at City Center Bellevue for approximately 37,000 square feet, terminating in tthey third quarter of 2019. VMware has since entered into a lease that expands into all of ttheir tenant's former space effective in 2020 at higtheyr rates. Same-store multifamily cash NOI for all multifamily properties on a combined basis decreased approximately 4.8%, primarily due to a decrease in cash NOI of approximately 8% in our San Diego multifamily portfolio, primarily due to a reduction in tthey occupancy percentage, combined with higtheyr repair and maintenance expenses at Loma Palisades. Cash NOI increased 8% at our Hassalo on Eighth multifamily property in Portland. Although tthey occupancy percentage for Hassalo on Eighth remained consistent at approximately 91% compared to tthey same property -- same period in 2018, rental expenses decreased approximately 6%, providing for tthey increase in cash NOI. Moving on to our mixed use property; as previously announced, Waikiki Beach Walk, our mixed use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites hotel and Waikiki Beach Walk Retail, was moved out of same-store designation beginning in Q1 2019, as tthey mixed-use property undergoes a significant renovation, which began at tthey beginning of tthey year, including spalling work on all outdoor balconies and exterior painting of both towers. As an update to tthey renovation, work on tthey first tower is now complete and we are now working on tthey second hotel tower. Tthey spalling work and exterior painting is estimated to be completed before tthey end of Q2 next year. Tthey room refresh project is expected to begin in mid-March and be completed for both towers by tthey end of May 20 As tthey renovation work is on-going for tthey third quarter of 2019, our mixed use properties reported a combined increase in cash NOI of approximately 2%. Looking at tthey results separately, tthey Embassy Suites' cash NOI remained flat, despite tthey on-going renovation work. Embassy Suites saw an increase of 3% in RevPAR for tthey quarter, which was offset by an increase in room operating expenses, and an increase in sales and marketing expenses. At Waikiki Beach Walk Retail, cash NOI increased 4%, primarily due to increases in base rent and parking income, partially offset by an increase in real estate taxes. Tenant sales remain high at $1,060 per square foot tthey rolling 12 months, as our tenants continue to benefit from tthey excellent locations and a good economy. Now if you look at our balance ttheyyet and liquidity at tthey end of tthey third quarter, we had approximately $466 million in liquidity, comprised of $116 million of cash and cash equivalents and $350 million of availability on our line of credit. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt-to-EBITDA was 5.5 times, and our focus is to maintain our net debt-to-EBITDA at 5.5 times or below On July 30, we entered into a no purchase agreement for tthey private placement of $150 million unsecured 3.91% Senior Guaranteed Notes with an 11-year maturity. Tthey effective interest rate, net of tthey settlement of a treasury rate lock contract is 3.88% for 10 years. As we approach tthey end of tthey year, we are updating our 2019 guidance by tightening tthey FFO per share range to $2.20 to $2.24 per FFO share from our prior guidance range of $2.18 to $2.26 per FFO share, with tthey same midpoint of $2,22 per FFO share. Now let's talk about 2020 guidance. We are introducing our 2020 FFO per share guidance range of $2.38 to $2.46 per FFO share, with a midpoint of $2.42 per FFO share, which is approximately 9% increase in FFO over tthey revised 2019 midpoint, or an increase of approximately 13%, excluding non-recurring termination fees received year-to-date through September 2019 that totaled approximately $5.2 million or $0.07 of FFO per share. Let's walk through what makes up tthey 2020 guidance. First, same-store retail cash NOI is expected to increase approximately 4% or $0.035 per FFO share. Ttheir is primarily due to increases in cash NOI at Carmel Mountain Plaza, as we received full year's rent from tthey at-home lease and rent continues on two new leases recently signed at Solana Beach Towne Centre. Secondly, same-store office cash NOI is expected to increase approximately 14% or $0.14 per FFO share. Tthey increase in same-store office cash NOI is mostly attributable to tthey following. First, at Torrey Reserve, we expect to receive a full year's rent from newly signed tenants that is estimated to increase cash NOI, approximately $0.04 per share of FFO. At Torrey Point, we expect to receive a full year's rent from newly signed tenants. Tthey increase in cash NOI is estimated to be $0.02 per share of FFO. At tthey Lloyd District, we expect to receive a full year's rent from newly signed tenants, including rents to be received from our newly redeveloped Oregon Square building, as well as rent increases from contractual increases specified in existing lease agreements. Tthey increase to cash NOI is estimated to be approximately $0.07 per share of FFO. At City Center Bellevue, we expect to receive a full year's rent from newly signed leases, as well as rent increases from contractual increases. Tthey increase to cash NOI is estimated to be approximately $0.03 per FFO share. At First and Main, we are currently negotiating lease renewals with tthey GSA, which we are optimistic that it will occur. A decrease in cash NOI is anticipated based on current negotiations, which include rent abatements and tthey giveback of one floor. We are estimating a decrease to cash NOI of approximately $0.02 per share. What's interesting is that ttheir growth in tthey same-store office cash NOI is not coming from Landmark at One Market. Tthey reason is that Google, which is a tenant at Landmark, has partial rent abatements of approximately 35% of its base rent through tthey second quarter of 2022. Tthey same-store office cash NOI growth in 2020 is mostly from positive momentum at City Center Bellevue, Torrey Reserve campus and tthey Lloyd District portfolio. Same-store multifamily cash NOI is expected to increase approximately 3.5% or $0.01 per share of FFO. Number four, our non-same-store guidance includes tthey following four properties. First, a full year of operations in 2020 at La Jolla Commons is expected to increase our cash NOI at approximately $0.18 per share of FFO. Secondly, a major tenant's lease at tthey One Beach Street Property in San Francisco is sctheyduled to expire at tthey end of 2019. Beginning in 2020, we will remove One Beach from tthey same-store metric, as we anticipate undergoing a significant redevelopment project of tthey interior of tthey building and adding a rooftop deck with elevator access and panoramic views of Alcatraz off tthey North Waterfront in San Francisco. Tthey current in-place rents of tthey expiring tenant are approximately $39 per square foot in a dynamic market, that we believe is an excess of $70 per square foot, and justifies tthey reinvestment in tthey building. Tthey decrease in cash NOI is estimated to be approximately $0.04 per share of FFO in 2020. Third, Waikele Center in Hawaii was removed from same-store in 2019, with tthey demolition of tthey former Kmart building. We anticipate that Waikele Center will remain a set same as a non-same-store property, as we continue to work with prospective tenants. We do not anticipate commencing construction on a new building -- retail building space until we have a signed lease with a lead tenant. Meanwhile, tthey new Safeway store at Waikele Center is sctheyduled to open before tthey end of 2019 in space formerly occupied by tthey Sports Authority. Lease revenue from Safeway is expected to increase cash NOI approximately $0.02 per share of FFO in 2020. Fourth, our mixed use property consisting of tthey Embassy Suites and Waikiki Beach Walk Retail Properties were also taken out of tthey same store metrics in 2019, due to previously mentioned paintings, falling and room refresh work intended to maintain tthey high level customer experience that keeps our Embassy Suites tthey number one performing Embassy Suites in tthey world. We hope to have everything completed by tthey end of tthey second quarter in 2020. We expect tthey results of our mixed use property will remain flat in 2020, with no change to cash NOI for 2020. Fifth, G&A is expected to increase to approximately $26.2 million, which will decrease FFO by approximately $0.02 per share of FFO. Interest expense is expected to decrease by approximately $2 million, primarily due to tthey capitalization of interest costs related to tthey anticipated development at tthey La Jolla Commons property. We currently are actively planning and getting ready for tthey development of tthey 224,000 construction gross square feet Class A office tower mentioned above. However, at ttheir time, ttheyre is no definitive date with respect to tthey start of construction, nor is ttheyre any assurance that tthey project will be developed. Tthey reduction of interest expense related to tthey capitalization of interest costs is expected to increase our FFO per share by approximately $0.025. Seven, straight line revenue combined with above and below market revenue adjustments is estimated to remain flat at approximately $20 million in 2020. Tthey majority of which relates to Landmark, La Jolla Commons, and tthey Lloyd District office portfolio. Number 8, in connection with tthey acquisition of La Jolla Commons, we did a follow-on equity offering in June 2019. As a result, we estimate that our outstanding weighted average shares of common stock used in tthey calculation of FFO per share for 2020, will increase by approximately 5.3 million shares. We have estimated that tthey increased number of outstanding weighted average shares of common stock will result in a dilutive effect of approximately $0.15 of FFO per share for 2020. Ttheyse adjustments should approximately reconcile our revised 2019 midpoint revised guidance of $2.22 with our 2020 guidance of $2.42. Retail same store occupancy is expected to end 2020 at approximately 95.8% and office same store occupancy is expected to end 2020 at approximately 96%. Operational CapEx in 2020 are again expected to be in tthey $80 million to $85 million range, which is consistent with our 2019 estimate. Our estimated operational CapEx in 2019 and 2020 are higtheyr than our theirtorical $30 million to $40 million per year, due to tthey increased leasing activity resulting in higtheyr tenant improvement and leasing commission expenditures. As always, our guidance in ttheyse prepared remarks exclude any impact from future acquisitions, dispositions, equity issuances or repurchases, future debt refinancing or repayments, ottheyr than what we've already discussed. We will continue our best to be as transparent as possible and share with you our analysis, interpretations of our quarterly numbers. Operator' I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you.[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from [Indiscernible] with Mizuho. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, good morning gentlemen. Robert Barton Good morning. Unidentified Analyst I was wondering if you could talk a bit more about tthey 2020 guidance. I appreciate tthey color theyre, but maybe a bit on some of tthey factors that you contemplate at tthey upper end, and ttheyn tthey lower end of tthey guidance range? Robert Barton Well, in terms of in terms of tthey range of tthey guidance [Indiscernible], I think it's not likely we're going to hit tthey lower end of tthey range first of all. But we generally put a range out. Keep in mind we're 15 months out by tthey end of 2020. So we're making our get our best estimate at ttheir point in time. But from our vantage point today we did -- at least from my perspective is that, I don't think it's likely we're going to hit tthey lower end of tthey range, I think we're seeing positive momentum, positive leasing momentum that will give us tthey opportunity to accomplish tthey upper end of tthey range. But ttheyre is -- who knows what tthey future sees in tthey next 15 months. But we're very positive of tthey markets that we're in. Unidentified Analyst Got it, got it, thanks. Maybe a bit more clarity on, tthey Waikiki falling project, now because tthey start of tthey year, you've said a $0.05 of drag. So maybe you could parse out a little bit about what is, I guess tthey current expectation for tthey drag in ttheir year, and ttheyn what's embedded in tthey guide for next year. And by tthey way was that contemplated previously to be completed ttheir year and is now I guess spilling over into next year, or was it always tthey case with respect to tthey mid 2020 completion? Robert Barton It's really spilling over to next year. In Hawaii, things take longer because you have to ship everything to tthey island. So I would say it's -- our goal initially was to have that finittheyyd by tthey end of Q3 and tthey furniture is coming from Vietnam -- for tthey room refresh, ttheyre's just a whole lot of logistics and timing trying to get that done. So we are hopeful that by tthey end of Q2, that we will have ttheir finittheyyd. So to answer your question, yes, it's spilling over into 2020. Ernest Rady But if you compare ttheir to comparable jobs, we think we're making very good progress in very good time. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So -- and ttheyn back to I guess tthey first of all, my question, tthey full year estimated impact of that -- drive that project ttheir year I guess embedded in that is, how did tthey hotel perform during tthey year versus your expectations, wtheyn you said it had a $0.05 drag outlook at tthey start of ttheir year and ttheyn maybe quantifying a bit tthey drag that's embedded within tthey guidance on an FFO basis for that project next year? Robert Barton Yes. We've put a reserve at tthey beginning of tthey year and part of that may rollover. But what's happened is that, tthey Embassy Suites hotel, tthey sweet spot is to run that at about 88%, 87% occupancy, with a RevPAR north of $300 -- significantly north of $300. And what we've experienced is, we've had to increase tthey occupancy on that and try to make up for that, because tthey ADR has been reduced somewhat because of tthey spalling. Keep in mind, wtheyn we say spalling, you have scaffolding on tthey exterior of that building, and wtheyn you go to Hawaii, you're on vacation and you don't anticipate opening tthey curtains and seeing scaffolding out. You expect to see palm trees and water. So we had to adjust tthey rate. It hasn't been -- tthey impact to tthey NOI hasn't been as significant as we thought it was, but ttheyre was some adjustments to that. Unidentified Analyst Okay, fair enough. And ttheyn maybe some color on Loma Palisades, tthey weakness ttheyre? Curious if it’s an asset specific, sub-market specific big issue than what seemed to be an ottheyrwise strong multifamily market in Souttheyrn California? And ttheyn expectations for that asset into next year. Thank you. Ernest Rady Lomas Palisades is in need of a facelift, and we are in tthey process of providing that. In tthey meantime, tthey market has been a bit softer than we would have liked for apartments in San Diego. And we still think it's a great piece of property right overlooking Seaworld, Mission Bay. But it was tired, and it needs some improvement and we're providing that improvement. Robert, do you want to add something to that? [Indiscernible] Well, it's a great piece of property [Indiscernible] extremely valuable, just in order to maximize tthey returns from it, we've got to give it a facelift. We've done tthey roofs. We're starting to work on tthey landscaping. We've done tthey plumbing, tthey sewers and that we're doing it one at a time. And it will happen, ttheyn it will be a beautiful property wtheyn it's finittheyyd. It just needs a facelift. Unidentified Analyst And just to be clear, is that within your same store multifamily for tthey next year or that excluded? Ernest Rady I think Bob, do you want to... Robert Barton Yes. We've not taken that out of same-store. That's still in tthey same-store. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, you've got Ron on for Richard. Tthey first question, just looking at tthey… Robert Barton Good morning. Unidentified Analyst Good morning. Just looking at tthey investor presentation you guys had out with tthey potential FFO, it looked like it was $2.45 for 2020. So I guess I'm just wondering, thinking about tthey guidance for next year and appreciate a lot of tthey color that you provided. But it feels like it's a little bit conservative, if La Jolla coming in better than expected. And you're going to have sort of a benefit from interest expense as well. Maybe, can you just talk about maybe -- ask that anottheyr way, is it possible that that high-end of tthey range maybe -- may even be too low? Robert Barton Well ttheyre -- first of all, good morning, Ron. Ttheyre's always that possibility, but keep in mind. So, we had that question from several investors along tthey way. So during 2019, we've been on tthey road meeting with investors, and in our presentations through August, we had tthey bridge, which reflected a midpoint or what we thought was realistic at that time, that we were comfortable with at $2.42. So through eight months of tthey year, we showed $2.42. In our September presentation, we increased that midpoint -- not midpoint, but we increased that to $2.45 and through our guidance and our budgeting process we rolled it up, and wtheyn we take a look at tthey ranges and tthey possibilities, we always like to put a range around it, that's just prudent to do wtheyn you're 15 months out from tthey next -- at tthey end of tthey next year. So while we are not saying that we can't achieve $2.45, it was more important to have a midpoint that reflected tthey midway between tthey rock bottom and tthey potential weigh up above. And I think tthey $2.45; we put tthey upper range at $2.46. I think ttheyre is -- we're very positive on tthey potential in ttheir portfolio. And so it's not to say that we can achieve tthey $2.45. But we think tthey right thing to do was, to put tthey midpoint at $2.42 which is what we had shown throughout most of tthey year. Ernest Rady If we had our choice of a strategy, it would be under promise and over deliver. In ttheir case, it's our best guess, and we certainly hope to over deliver. But we don't want to make promises to disappoint. Sooner make promises and at least meet ttheym and perhaps exceed tthey results of that promise. Unidentified Analyst Great, that's theylpful. Maybe can you give an update on what tthey acquisition environment is like, maybe cap rate assets that you're looking at? What property types look tthey most interesting to you right now? Thanks. Ernest Rady Ron, ttheyre is so much money around, that tthey value of properties that we look to acquire, has been high, and we had a run at several, mostly office properties. We have come to realize that if you own good office in tthey path of growth, it can be very significantly profitable. But tthey competition for quality properties such as ours is intense, that would lead to tthey conclusion, that what is tthey value what we have, if what we acquire is so expensive. So, we are very pleased with what we have, and we continue to beat tthey buttheyys to try and find more of tthey same quality with ttheir -- with upside as well. Unidentified Analyst Great. That's all from my end. Thanks guys. Ernest Rady Thanks. Robert Barton Thank you, Ron and say theyllo to Richard. Unidentified Analyst Yes, sure. Ernest Rady Thanks Ron. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Carroll with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Jason Idoine Hey guys, it's Jason on for Mike. Ernest Rady Who is on? Jason Idoine Jason on for Mike. Ernest Rady Okay, Jason, say theyllo to Michael. Jason Idoine Will do. So just wondering, given all tthey noise around rework, how are you guys feeling about that lease and sales are continuing to fill up tthey space at 8.30 [ph]? Ernest Rady Yes, we're watching it. I'm not concerned about it. Rework seems to have for path at least a midpoint. We do have security for tthey lease we have. Ttheyy continue to work upgrading tthey building that we provide ttheym. And so we also believe that if, God forbid something happens to reworks that we have an excellent and improved property in a market that has interest in ttheir product. And frankly, I'm not losing any sleep over it. Steve, you're losing any sleep? Steve Center No, I can add to that, that it's a 55,000 foot building and ttheyy are now marketing 14,000 feet for lease. So ttheyy've owned it for -- all tthey 14,000 foot in six small spaces. So it appears that ttheyy are doing very well, even prior to completing TIs. And you asked about tthey ottheyr building, that we're also in tthey process of beginning to upgrade it. And should we were not to be present for some reason or ottheyr. Ernest Rady We'll will manage that ourselves. Jason Idoine That's a seven ton? Steve Center Its money well spent, in a market wtheyre tthey demand seems to be ttheyre for tthey project we are producing. Jason Idoine Got it. And ttheyn I was also wondering if you guys could just provide an update on tthey Torrey Point asset and what kind of leasing activity you're seeing ttheyre? Ernest Rady Steve, I'm going to leave that to you. We're making some progress, but certainly it has been slower than we'd wittheyyd for. Steve Center We recently signed a 15,000 foot lease with Neurelis, which is a life science company. Ttheyy were an existing customer in 3,900 feet and ttheyy grew up to 15,000 feet and we've got proposals out for anottheyr 12,000feet. So, we're chipping away, and tthey markets coming in our direction. UTC and Torrey Pines are virtually full. UTC is Class A, Vacancy Direct is 2.3% at tthey end of Q3. So we're seeing a lot of life science prospects, not only at Torrey Point, but also at Torrey Reserve as well. So tthey market is improving and we feel good about tthey future. Ernest Rady It seems to be in tthey path of tthey growth and we're hopeful, if not optimistic. Jason Idoine Got it. Okay, thank you guys. Ernest Rady Thank you, Jason. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Mitch Germain with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Hi Mitch. Mitch Germain Hey, good morning, how are you? Ernest Rady Good. Mitch Germain So tthey UTC development, I'm curious wtheyre that stands from a planning/entitlement perspective, number one? And ttheyn number two, what does it take for you guys to commence it, and ttheyn I guess number three, how are you planning to fund it? Ernest Rady Okay. I'm going to ask Jerry Gammieri, who is in charge of that entitlement and they knows tthey answer, because I ask them that question almost daily. Jerry Gammieri Good morning, Mitch. We are in tthey process right now with tthey City of San Diego to protect our entitlements and submit under tthey code -- ttheyre is a code change coming in 2020. We expect to be into tthey city ttheir year to basically protect ourselves for tthey next four years. So we have some runway in front of us, allowing us an opportunity to pre-lease tthey building before we go to construction, but our hope is to be permit ready by tthey first quarter of 2020. Robert Barton Let me just be clear to those people listening is that, tthey entitlement to build is protected, it's vested. But what Jerry is talking about is that, if you can get into tthey city of San Diego and get tthey permit number, ttheyn we don't have to do tthey upgrade in tthey -- from tthey 2016 code to tthey 2020. Ernest Rady Is it an upgrade or just a change, Jerry? Jerry Gammieri It's a change in code. Ernest Rady It's a change. It's not necessary an upgrade. Jerry Gammieri Yes. Ernest Rady Tthey change in code leaves more time delays. Robert Barton But tthey entitlement is vested. Jerry Gammieri And ttheyn wtheyttheyr we're going to build it, it is much more likely than not we would build, into a market with 3% vacancy. And as tthey financing goes, as Bob pointed out in their presentation, we have $110 million cash on tthey balance ttheyyet, and as tthey time approactheys, we will consider ottheyr methods of financing. Robert Barton Yes. Mitch, tthey cost of that building, I mean we don't -- we haven't been bid it out yet. But just back of tthey napkin, it's probably -- it's under $200 million from my back of tthey napkin math, probably $160 million to $180 million somewtheyre in that range. But it's only like a -- it's less than a 4% expansion of our balance ttheyyet. So it's tthey right thing, in tthey right market, in a very low vacancy market in UTC, and that's on tthey forefront of growth. Ernest Rady We'd like to buy anottheyr one just like it. Mitch Germain That sounds that sounds wonderful. So Bob, while I have you, talk to me about from 3Q to 4Q. So it looks like you have a term fee ttheir quarter that comes out of tthey numbers. So obviously, Forever 21 comes out. How do I get from 3Q to 4Q in terms of tthey bridge to hit your guidance range? Robert Barton So you're looking for tthey bridge going forward to 2020? Mitch Germain Yes. No, I'm just talking about just -- no, I'm talking about from 3Q to 4Q. Just I guess just a couple of negatives in tthey number right. Ttheyre's a couple of -- how much was tthey charge that you took for Forever 21? Robert Barton We took approximately $250,000, and we did -- actually we got paid for November. I just theyard about that ttheir morning. So that maybe a little bit stiff. Ernest Rady I think it's lightly [Indiscernible]  Mitch Germain Got you and ttheyn -- and ttheyn you took a -- and ttheyn you have a term fee that you received in tthey office sector, right? Robert Barton Term fee, we received about $700,000 in tthey office sector in Q3. Mitch Germain So netting those two, it's about $500,000 positive, right? Is that comes off? Robert Barton Approximately, yes. Mitch Germain Yes. And ttheyn, is ttheyre anything that kind of -- that we should be cognizant of in tthey 4Q that wasn't in 3Q? Robert Barton No, nothing, nothing that really sticks out on that. We're on track to hit our midpoint. Mitch Germain Great, thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you, Mitch. Operator Thank you and our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning Craig. Elvis Rodriguez Hey guys, ttheir is Elvis for Craig. How are you guys doing? Ernest Rady Okay. Good, thanks. Say, hi to Craig for us. Elvis Rodriguez We will. And congratulations to Adam. Ernest Rady Yes. He deserves it. Elvis Rodriguez Just a quick question, because ttheyre's a lot of moving pieces in and out of tthey same-store pool. How should we think about that cash same-store NOI, as you report it, or as you think you will report it call it in tthey end of 2020 for tthey entire portfolio? Robert Barton Well, in tthey remarks, Elvis, I think we said it was 4% growth in retail and -- is it 14% growth in office. And frankly, wtheyn I look at tthey office into tthey next couple of years, we're expecting in excess of 10% in tthey office sector on same-store. I mean, that is a strong sector for us. And ttheyn multifamily should be about 3.5%. Elvis Rodriguez So Bob, tthey 9% includes redevelopment or excludes redevelopment? Robert Barton It excludes redevelopment. Elvis Rodriguez Okay. So including redevelopment, wtheyre would that be trending you think call it, through 2020? Robert Barton Yes. It's not going to be -- I mean, multifamily isn't impacted. Retail would be impacted slightly. If you look at it what it is today on tthey supplemental, excluding redevelopment and including it, it's not that -- it's not that big of -- and we break it out in ttheyre. So I'll be glad to give you more color on that after tthey call. But I don't think, it's that big of an impact. Elvis Rodriguez All right. That'd be theylpful. And just anottheyr question; so as you commence or potentially commenced tthey La Jolla project, you're going to probably trend to be more than 50% office. How do you think about your diversified portfolio going forward, and will you rebalance in tthey future with more multifamily or retail or is office sort of tthey stock that you think you'll have longer term? Ernest Rady What we tell investors, if you guys don't pay me to come to work to build an office, a REIT, a shopping center REIT or a residential REIT, you pay me to build wealth. And if tthey opportunity to build wealth is in office, we're going to emphasize that. At tthey same time, we're going to try and build wealth in tthey ottheyr categories too. So we don't think of ourselves as one character only. We think of ourselves as wealth builders. Right now, tthey opportunity that is in office, and we are fortunate to have been in that to be able to take advantage of those opportunities. Robert Barton Elvis, just to add to that. I think that's a great way that Ernest has stated about creating wealth. Wtheyre we are right now, we're not looking to add retail, we're looking to add office, and multifamily to a lesser extent. Ernest Rady And if you look at ttheir strategy, since we went public over tthey last eight years, we've increased our dividend every year and our compound return has been -- what 13% or 14% a year. We still apologize for being multi-strategy REIT. I've stopped apologizing because tthey statistics are -- was good as anybody in tthey industry and better than tthey vast majority, and we hope to be able to continue that track record. Elvis Rodriguez Great. Thanks guys. Ernest Rady Thank you, sir. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Good morning Todd. Todd Thomas Hi. Good morning. So I just wanted to circle back to acquisitions. You had talked previously about doubling tthey size of tthey portfolio over what's now, I guess a four year time-frame, and you commented that it's a competitive environment. But your cost of capital has also improved. So I'm just curious if your appetite has changed ttheyn and Bob I'm curious if ttheyre is anything in tthey 2020 guidance for investments or capital raising? Ernest Rady Our appetite hasn't changed. It's a question of tthey number of calories and tthey meal we'd have to consume. So we're going to continue to try and achieve those objectives. But we don't have to achieve ttheym to produce superior results. And Bob, do you want to take us through... Robert Barton Yeah. Hey Todd In tthey 2020 guidance we've not factored in any acquisitions at all. We're actively looking. Our job is to create value for our shareholders, and that's why we're out looking. We're not looking to get big for tthey sake of getting big. We're looking to do it accretively and ttheyn if we find something and bring it to your attention, it's going to be accretive, its going to be good for every shareholder. Ernest Rady That's well put. Todd Thomas Okay. Wtheyn you had discussed that plan a couple of quarters ago, what's changed since ttheyn? Is it just that ttheyre's been some cap rate compression and more capital coming into tthey markets that you're targeting? What's changed over tthey last couple of quarters, specifically? Ernest Rady Look nothing has changed, except that we continue to look and we make acquisitions that are significant. To make acquisitions significant is not like going to tthey grocery store and filling in your basket up with groceries. We've got to find something that makes sense. Bob? Robert Barton Ye, I think regardless of wtheyre we are in tthey economy, we still underwrite. We're very consistent on our underwriting. We look for unlevered IRRs greater than six. We look -- we focused on NAV and we focus on earnings growth. Earnings growth is really important and we want to make sure it's accretive. I mean you could make an acquisition and get big and you do financial engineering, you could destroy shareholder value or destroy earnings. That's not what we do. And if you look at our theirtory, we've been pretty good at it. Tthey ottheyr thing too is that, our cost of capital, which I think you mentioned. We're in a -- we continue to enhance our cost to capital and not everybody is at that vantage point. So I think it's our job to look for those opportunities and we are actively looking. Todd Thomas Okay. And ttheyn, going back to tthey multifamily portfolio, we saw occupancy decrease a little bit more meaningfully in tthey quarter across tthey portfolio in Portland as well, not just in San Diego, but you are projecting pretty solid recovery in 2020. And I'm just wondering if you could ttheyyd some light on what happened in tthey quarter, more broadly and what gives you confidence that you'll see tthey same-store growth materialize that you're forecasting? Ernest Rady Well, Portland has become more competitive. Those are circumstances we don't have any control over. We have excellent product. In San Diego, we have excellent product as well, Loma Palisades needs a facelift as I said earlier, and we're working on that. Pacific Ridge is doing well, and has opportunity for upside. It's a changing [Indiscernible]. You have anything Robert? Robert Rex Yes. Just to add a little bit to that. I think we've seen a softening in tthey county in terms of vacancy rates, and while we think about San Diego being a nice theyalthy place to live and with theyalthy occupancy across tthey Board in San Diego between three star and five star communities, tthey average vacancy rate is about 5% to 6% and that's pretty comparative to 6% and that's pretty comparative to what we're seeing in tthey portfolio theyre in San Diego. So like Ernest said, we're trying to continue building value. We're investing capital in tthey communities, in hopes that it will continue to target a greater leasing and more occupancy in ttheyse communities. Todd Thomas Okay. Are you increasing your use of concessions? Should we expect to see rent start to come down? So far, ttheyy've theyld up pretty well across tthey multifamily portfolio. But should we expect to see it begin to build a little bit more occupancy in 2020? Ernest Rady We'll do what we can to maximize in tthey coming year. Robert Barton Todd, wtheyn I think about that, is that you think about tthey new product that comes online. And for a studio, what I've seen and ttheir is I think in tthey recent paper, studio going for like $2,700 at which is very expensive. And I think that, tthey pricing of our product and tthey quality of our product is in a sweet spot. If you want to ttheye bedroom, let's say its $4,000 to $4500; its $1,500 a person, which is achievable. But wtheyn you start mixing that up, it becomes more expensive, it's tough for a sustainable rent to continue at that higtheyr rate. So I think that our product is priced right, and I think that that growth, we will see it -- continue to see it. I feel positive about our multifamily portfolio theyre in San Diego. In terms of Portland, we've mentioned on ottheyr calls that ttheyre is an oversupply of product in multifamily product, in tthey Lloyd -- not tthey Lloyd District, but in Portland, and that is slowly being absorbed. And I can't tell you wtheyn that's going away. I'm hopefully within tthey next two years that goes away. But in tthey meantime, we're staying steady at about 91%. Todd Thomas Okay. And ttheyn just last question. I was just wondering if Ernest I missed your prepared remarks at tthey very beginning of tthey call. And you're -- I came on right as you were finishing though, and I theyard you commenting about, tthey appointment of Adam to COO. Ernest, you've been in tthey Chairman, CEO and President seat for several years and tthey executive management team has been comprised entirely of you and Bob for quite some time now. So I find ttheir announcement interesting. And I'm just curious if you could talk about what ttheir means for AAT? What Adam will focus on with their new responsibilities theyre, and if ttheyre's anything we should read into that announcement? Ernest Rady No. Ottheyr than it's a recognition by tthey Board, that Adam has made a significant contribution and that their role has been more than just Chief Legal Counsel. He has really handled a lot of tthey operations very well and tthey Board wanted to acknowledge that with tthey title. Ttheir has never been just Bob and I, it's been Bob and I and all tthey team in ttheir room, including Adam, who has made a great contribution, they is extremely capable and they has tthey good fortune of being younger than me. On tthey ottheyr hand, I love what I do, and I'm having fun and if tthey Board fired me, I don't know what I'd do to have so much fun. So we're going to continue to work togettheyr. It's a great team. We're dedicated to build tthey wealth for all our stockholders. Stick with us Todd. Todd Thomas All right. Great. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thank you. Robert Barton Thanks Todd. Operator Thank you. And I'm currently seeing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to turn tthey call back to -- correction; I do see one furttheyr question in tthey queue. Would you like to take it? Ernest Rady Sure. Operator All right. Next question comes from Tammi Fique with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open. Ernest Rady Hi. Tammi Fique Hi. Just wondering, tthey CapEx that you laid out for 2020, does that includes tthey redevelopment spending that you're planning to do? Robert Barton Tthey redevelopment at which property? That does not include La Jolla Commons at all. Tammi Fique Okay. But still like tthey Kmart space at Waikele, like I just -- I guess, I'm just curious to know what -- I'm really just looking for a summary of tthey capital spending that you expect to do in total for development, redevelopment projects in 2020? Robert Barton Yes. We have I think about $30 million in ttheyre for Kmart redevelopment wtheyre we're hopeful that Chris gets tthey lease signed. And we expect to put probably about $30 million toward that. And ttheyn a lot of TIs and leasing commissions on some of tthey new leases. Tammi Fique Okay, so I guess just in total, what are you expecting to spend for tthey developments and redevelopments in 2020? Robert Barton Tammi, I don't have that broken out in front of me. But I'd be glad to answer that offline. Tammi Fique Okay, great. And ttheyn just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about tthey opportunity in tthey Forever 21 space, you mentioned renovating that space. I'm wondering if you will replace that tenant with anottheyr apparel tenant, or is ttheyre a better use, is ttheyre expansion potential, just wondering if you could elaborate ttheyre a little bit? Ernest Rady Sully, who handles that is stirring, which means that they wants to answer tthey question. Chris, am I correct that you would like to answer that question? ChrisSullivan Hi, Tammi. So you know that Forever 21 is on a 20,000 feet of ground floor and 40,000 feet of tthey second former Mervyns building in Del Monte Center. So as we look to break up that box and space, it will be probably a combination of what I would say a more typical mall tenants and also a combination of some entertainment pieces ttheyre. Ernest Rady And we are in tthey process of... ChrisSullivan Yes, we've been working on ttheir for about a year probably now. Tammi Fique Okay. Got it. And ttheyn do you think that rents ttheyre will go up relative to what Forever 21 was spending? Yes, I'm sorry -- tthey Forever 21 rent ttheyre? ChrisSullivan I'm going to say. I certainly hope so, Forever 21, is on a gross lease. So I've got to compute it back to get my triple nets and tthey rest of it. But I hope to do better. Tammi Fique And ttheyn just last question, I mean it looks like in tthey most recent investor presentation, tthey FFO estimates for 2021 and 2022 were eliminated, and I'm just curious why you decided to take that out? Robert Barton What we are doing is just getting ready for our guidance report on ttheir earnings call. So what we're doing just focusing in on 2019 and 2020 and as we get into 2020, what we'll do is, we hope to give you more information on that. Tthey information that we put, was not fully baked, because we only put out what we knew at that point in time. What we do know, is that ttheyre is growth. And so as we get a clearer picture, we will share it with you as we have consistently in tthey past. Tammi Fique Okay, great. Thank you. Ernest Rady Thanks, Tammi. Operator Thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back to Ernest Rady for any closing remarks. Ernest Rady Okay. Thanks all of our stockholders and tthey representatives for allowing us to have so much fun. It's really fun for us to create tthey wealth we've been able to create for our stockholders over tthey last eight years, and we hope, tthey next years are as fruitful. And thank you for your confidence. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.