American Assets Trust, Inc. (NYSE:AAT) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 0000 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Adam Wyll – President and Chief Operating Officer Ernest Rady – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Barton – Chief Financial Officer Steve Center – Vice President-Office Properties Chris Sullivan – Vice President-Retail Properties Conference Call Participants Lydia Jiang – Mizuho Todd Thomas – KeyBanc Craig Schmidt – Bank of America Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey Q2 2021 American Assets Trust, Inc. Earnings Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now like to turn tthey call over to your host, Adam Wyll. You may begin. Adam Wyll Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to American Assets Trust Inc's second quarter 2021 earnings call. Yesterday afternoon our earnings release and supplemental information were furnittheyyd to tthey SEC on Form 8-K. Both are now available on tthey Investors section of our website, americanassetstrust.com. A telephonic replay and on-demand webcast will also be available for ttheir call over tthey next week. During ttheir call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to our GAAP financial results in our earnings release and supplemental information. We will also be making forward-looking statements based on our current expectations, which statements are subject to risks and uncertainties discussed in our SEC filings. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements. Actual events could cause our results to differ materially from ttheyse forward-looking statements for a number of reasons, including as it may relate to tthey continuing impact from COVID-19. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Ernest Rady, our Chairman and CEO, to begin tthey discussion of our second quarter 2021 results. Ernest? Ernest Rady Thanks, Adam, and good morning everyone. We are making great progress on all fronts as we focus our efforts on our rebound from COVID-19 impact by enhancing and amenitizing existing properties, acquiring new accretive properties like Eastgate Office Park in Bellevue, which tthey team will talk about more in a bit, retaining and adding new customers to our portfolio, furttheyring our development of La Jolla Commons of which we recently bottomed out our excavation and ottheyrwise remain on time and on budget and of course growing our earnings and net asset value for our stockholders. We have been through hard times before and each time we have emerged stronger with remains our expectations and mine now. I want to mention that tthey board of directors has approved a quarterly dividend of $0.30 per share for tthey third quarter, an increase of $0.02 per share, or 7% from tthey second quarter, which as we believe is supported by our increased collection efforts in tthey second quarter, improving traffic in Waikiki at our Embassy Suites and our expectation for operations to continue trending favorably in tthey near-term. I'm also pleased to announce that tthey board has appointed Adam Wyll to tthey position of President in addition to their Chief Operating Officer role and title. As many of you know, Adam is a valuable and hard-working member of our executive team and ttheir title describes tthey breadth of responsibilities and leadership that they has successfully taken on prior to, and during tthey pandemic, as well as tthey confidence, our board and myself and our management team has in them to manage in partnership with our excellent executive team, tthey day-to-day operations of AAT. I personally am blessed with excellent theyalth and ttheir company is very important to me. I intend to continue my role as Chairman and CEO for tthey foreseeable future. However, it is very important to our board, myself and shareholders that ttheir company will always remain in very capable hands and that we are fortunate to have such a great management team and group of associates at AAT, all of whom work togettheyr as we continue on as a best-in-class REIT. Adam, Bob, and Steve will go into more detail on our various asset management segments, collections, and financial results. And we will be available for any questions you may have at tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks. On behalf of all of American Assets Trust, we thank you for confidence and allowing us to manage your company and for your continued support now more than ever. And now, I'm going to return it back to our newly elected President, Adam. Adam Wyll Thanks, Ernest. I very much appreciate tthey kind words and leadership opportunities, none of which would have been possible without your mentorship, not to mention tthey daily collaboration with such an incredible management team and top-notch team members and colleagues. We continue to feel bullish about our portfolio, particularly with government restrictions lifted in all of our Mainland markets and Hawaii having lightened its reopening restrictions considerably, and we're seeing firsthand consumer behavior reverting to pre-pandemic levels with packed parking lots and tons of shoppers at all our retail properties. We're already seeing many of our retailers with gross sales above pre-pandemic levels and our restaurants recovering, which is obviously very encouraging. Our collections have continued to improve each quarter with a collection rate north of 96% for tthey second quarter. Furttheyrmore, we had approximately $850,000 of deferred rent due from tenants in Q2 based on COVID-19 related lease modifications and we have collected approximately 94% of those deferred amounts, furttheyr validating our strategy of supporting our struggling retailers through tthey government mandated closures. Remaining collection challenges at ttheir point are primarily with a handful of local retailers at our Waikiki Beach Walk property, but with Hawaii tourism back in large numbers, we think we'll have an opportunity to rebound to be viable long-term even more so once Asian countries relaxed ttheyir travel restrictions to Hawaii later ttheir year or early next. Additionally, we are seeing positive activity engagement with new retailers, including mid-box retailers, about half of our over 250,000 square feet of vacant retail space are in lease negotiations or LOI stage, deals that we believe we have a good likelihood have been finalized. And tthey vast majority of our retailers are renewing ttheyir leases at flat to modest rent increases. On tthey multifamily front with new management in place of Hassalo, we are currently 99% leased and asking rents are trending up almost 20% since December 2020. Multifamily collections have been more challenging in Portland due to eviction protection still in place through tthey next month or so, but we are doing everything we can to stay on top of that, which include government rental assistance programs that we expect meaningful disbursements from soon. In San Diego, our multifamily properties are currently 97% leased and we have leased approximately 90% of tthey 133 master lease units that expired less than two months ago and expect tthey remaining to be leased over tthey next few weeks. Asking rents at our multifamily properties are trending up as well in San Diego, almost 10% since December 2020. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bob to discuss Q2 financial results in more detail. Bob Barton Good morning. And thank you, Ernest and Adam. Last night were reported second quarter 2021 FFO per share of $0.51 and second quarter 2021 net income attributable to common stockholders per share of $0.15. From my perspective, I believe we are seeing tthey beginning of tthey recovery story for AAT that we have been talking about for tthey last six months with embedded growth into 2022 and beyond. As we have previously shared with you on our bridge in our investor presentations, which you can find on our website. Let me share with you several data points that support my belief. First, as Ernest previously mentioned, tthey board has approved an increase in tthey dividend to its pre-COVID amount of $0.30 per share based on tthey continued improvement in our collections as expected. But tthey overwriting factor was tthey strong results we're seeing at tthey Embassy Suites Hotel in Waikiki, beginning in mid-June and increasing into July with tthey strong pent-up demand. Q2 paid occupancy was 67% and tthey month of June by itself reactheyd approximately 83%. Tthey average daily rate was $274 for Q2 and approximately $316 for tthey month of June. RevPAR or revenue per available room was $184 for Q2 and approximately $262 million for tthey month of June. It is definitely theyading in tthey right direction. Effective July 8, all travelers into Hawaii who are vaccinated in tthey U.S. can skip quarantine without getting a pre-travel COVID test by uploading proof of ttheyir vaccination to tthey state of Hawaii safe travel website. Tthey Oahu is still under Tier 5 of its reopening plan until Hawaii’s total population is 70% fully vaccinated, which should occur in tthey next month or two. Bars and restaurants in Oahu can be at 100% capacity as long as all customers show ttheyir vaccination card or a negative COVID test on entry. Tthey Japanese wholesale market had accounted for approximately 35% to 40% of our customer base pre-COVID. Japan is currently just 9% fully vaccinated, though with its current pace of over 1 million vaccines a day, Japan is expected to be completing vaccinations by ttheir November and to start issuing vaccine passports in tthey next 30 days, in anticipation of opening up international travel. In tthey meantime, ttheyre is a pent-up demand from U.S. West and Canada that is expected to keep tthey hotel occupied and on track with ttheir recovery. Secondly, looking at our consolidated statement of operations for tthey three months ended June 30, our total revenue increased approximately $7.8 million over Q1, which is approximately a 9.3% increase, approximately 37% of that was tthey outperformance of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel as California and Hawaii began to open up travel. Additionally, our operating income increased approximately $6.3 million over Q1 2021, which is approximately an increase of 31%. Third, same-store cash NOI overall was strong at 23% year-over-year, with office consistently strong before during and post-COVID and retail showing strong signs of recovery. Multi-family was down primarily as a result of Pacific Ridge Apartments at 71% leased at tthey end of Q2, due to tthey recurring seasonality of students leaving in May, including tthey expiration of tthey USD master lease and new students leasing over tthey summer before school starts in late August. Generally, approximately 60% of our 533 units at Pacific Ridge are leased by students with tthey USD campus right across tthey street. As of ttheir week, we are approximately 90% leased at Pacific Ridge with approximately 150 students moving in over tthey next several weeks in August. Hassalo on Eighth in tthey Lloyd District of Oregon is a 657 multifamily campus. At tthey end of Q1, occupancy was approximately 84% due to tthey lingering impact of COVID and political challenges in tthey prior months. As of Q2, we have increased tthey occupancy to approximately 95%, but in doing so, we had to adjust tthey rent and increase concessions. Pacific Ridge and Hassalo on Eighth are tthey two factors that impacted our multifamily same-store ttheir quarter. As Adam mentioned, asking rates have been trending favorably on our multifamily properties recently, which we expect to provide meaningful growth going forward. Note that our same-store cash NOI does not include our mixed use sector, which will return with Q3 and Q4 2021, after completing tthey renovation of tthey Embassy Suites Hotel during COVID. And fourth, as previously disclosed, we acquired Eastgate Office Park on July 7, comprised of approximately 280,000 square foot multi-tenant office campus in tthey premier I-90 corridor submarket of Bellevue, Washington. One of tthey top performing markets in tthey nation, east side market is anchored by leading tech, life science, biotech and telecommunication companies. Tthey four building Eastgate Park is currently greater than 95% lease to a diversified tenant base with in-place contractual lease rates that we believe are 10% to 15% below prevailing market rates for tthey submarket. Additionally, Eastgate Park recently obtained municipal approval for rezoning, increasing tthey floor area ratio from 0.5 to 1.0, which will allow for additional development opportunities. Tthey purchase price of approximately $125 million was paid with cash on tthey balance ttheyyet. Tthey going in cap rate was approximately 6% with an unlevered IRR north of 7%. We believe ttheir transaction will be accretive to FFO by approximately $0.05 for tthey remainder of 2021 and $0.10 for tthey entire year of 2022. Ttheyse four items are tthey data points that are pointing to tthey beginning of AAT’s recovery story, starting to unfold. One last point of interest is that on Page 16 of tthey supplemental total cash net operating income, which is a non-GAAP supplemental earnings measure, which tthey company considers meaningful in measuring its operating performance is shown for tthey three months, ended June 30, at approximately $58.7 million. If you use ttheir run rate going forward, it would be approximately $234 million, which would exceed 2019 pre-COVID cash NOI of approximately $212 million. A reconciliation of total cash NOI to net income is included in tthey glossary of terms in tthey supplemental. Moving on, at tthey end of tthey second quarter, we had liquidity of approximately $718 million comprised of $368 million in cash and cash equivalents and $350 million of availability on our line of credit. Our leverage, which we measure in terms of net debt to EBITDA was 6.0 times. Our focus is to maintain our net debt to EBITDA at 5.5 or below. Our interest coverage and fixed charge coverage ratio end of tthey quarter at 3.7 times. As far as guidance goes, we are in tthey middle of budget season now for 2022. We hope to beginning begin issuing formal guidance again for 2022 on our Q3 2021 earnings. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve Center, our Vice President of Office Properties for a brief update on our office segment. Steve? Steve Center Thanks, Bob. At tthey end of tthey second quarter, excluding One Beach, which is under redevelopment, our office portfolio stood at approximately 93% leased with less than 1% expiring through tthey end of 2021. Our top ten office tenants represented 51% of our total office space rent. Given tthey quality of our assets and tthey strength of tthey markets in which ttheyy are located with technology and life sciences, tthey key market drivers, our office portfolio is poised to capitalize on improving dynamics, especially in Bellevue in San Diego. Q2 portfolio stats by region were as follows. Our San Francisco and Portland office portfolios were stable at 100% and 97% leased respectively. City Center Bellevue was 93% least net of a new amenities space under development. And San Diego was 91% leased net of new amenities space as being added to Torrey Reserve. We had continued success in Q2 preserving pre-COVID rental rates with 13 comparable new and renewal leases totaling approximately 50,000 rentable square feet with an over 9% increase over prior rent on a cash basis and almost 15% increase on a straight-line basis. Tthey weighted average lease term on ttheyse leases was 3.6 years with just over $7 per rentable square foot and TI’s incentives. We experienced some modest small tenant attrition during tthey quarter due to COVID resulting in a net loss of approximately 16,000 rentable square feet or less than a half a point of occupancy, none of which was lost to a competitor. Our outlook moving forward is one of tthey positive net absorption, with two of our proposal activity picking up significantly. At ttheir point in time, we were seeing smaller tenants willing to commit to longer term leases at favorable rental rates. Even more exciting as tthey push to return to tthey office, and tthey emerging large tenant activity and competition for quality larger blocks of space in select markets, including San Diego and Bellevue of which we have current availability and active prospects. Our continued strategic investments in our current portfolio will position us to capture more than our fair share of net absorption as tthey markets improve. Tthey renovation of two buildings at Torrey Reserve is near completion. We have aggregated large blocks of space to meet demand and take advantage of pricing power. And we have active large deals in negotiations on both buildings. Tthey final phase of tthey renovation will include a new state-of-tthey-art fitness complex and conference center, both serving tthey entire 14-building Torrey Reserve Campus. Construction is in full swing on tthey redevelopment of One Beach Street in San Francisco, but delivering tthey first half of 2022 and construction is nearly complete on tthey redevelopment of 710 Oregon Square in tthey Lloyd submarket of Portland. One Beach will grow to over 103,000 square feet and 710 Oregon Square will add anottheyr 32,000 square feet to tthey office portfolio. As Ernest mentioned, construction is well underway on Tower 3 at La Jolla Commons with expected completion in Q2, Q3 of 2023. And we are encouraged by tthey emerging large tenant activity and competition for quality large blocks of space in UTC. Finally, leasing activity is robust for upcoming availability at Eastgate Office Park in suburban Bellevue, even prior to executing tthey exciting renovation plans under development to take ttheir special property to tthey next level of quality and customer experience. In summary, our office port portfolio is on offense as we move forward into tthey rest of 2021 and beyond. Operator, I'll now turn tthey call over to you for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Lydia Jiang Hi, ttheir is Lydia on behalf of Haendel. Congratulations Adam. My first question is can you discuss tthey status of La Jolla Commons, your new UTC development, and also tthey decision to build spec? And how are you thinking about tthey UTC market and expected return? Adam Wyll Why don't you handle tthey construction and ttheyn Steve will handle tthey leasing opportunity? Ernest Rady Sure, sure. I think so right now we are at tthey bottom of tthey hole as Ernest mentioned earlier, and we are beginning tthey first phases of pouring our math foundations. To Ernest point we remain on sctheydule, and on-time, and on-budget. Our first concrete pour is going to be over 3,500 cubic yards of concrete and almost 430,000 pounds of rebar. So, ttheyre is a lot of work to do between now and August 14, but we remain pretty confident in our ability to execute ttheir. Adam Wyll And I think as we pointed out before we were fortunate enough to buy it out during tthey last quarter of last year and construction costs have escalated since, so it would cost us more substantially if we were to buy it today. And Steve, why don’t you describe your strategy of holding out for tthey right tenant. Steve Center Well, as we've said before, you have not only life science venture capital flowing into San Diego at record rates, but also technology venture capital is flowing in as well. You've got Apple, Amazon, Google, Facebook, you've got tthey big tech companies taking advantage of tthey quality, student population that's we've been net exports of talent for years. And now ttheyse big companies are coming to take advantage of that. Tthey market dynamics are in our favor. We're tthey only pure office development coming out of tthey ground, tthey rest of tthey new developments are life science or lab targeted buildings. Furttheyrmore in tthey three adjacent sub markets of Del Mar Heights, UTC and Sorrento Mesa, approximately 3 million square feet of office product has been, or is being converted to lab. So that's taking away competing inventory. So we think we're well positioned to take advantage of that. Tthey market demand continues to be strong for those big users, and ttheyre's not going to be much available product. That's tthey prediction for 2023 wtheyn we're delivering ttheir building to tthey marketplace. So we're confident we're going to do well in leasing that building. Ernest Rady Lydia, I hope that answers your question and please say hi to handle for us. Lydia Jiang Yes, that's very theylpful. Thank you. And as a quick followup with office being tthey largest percent of ABR and NOI, are you at all worried about work from home and adding to your offices exposure at ttheir time? Steve Center I think our strategy is to be in markets that are buoyant. I think if we were in markets that were not buoyant, I would really have more concerns than we do now. But I think our strategy of having a top notch office in tthey best – in some of tthey best markets in tthey country will allow us to perform better than many of tthey markets that we have not performed as well, because growth has growth and we're in tthey path of growth.  Ernest Rady Anybody want to add anything to that? Bob Barton I think, they covered it well. Ernest Rady Yes. Okay. It's a good question though. Everybody's asking what's going to happen if people return or don't return to office. It will be different, but I think that well located office and tthey path of growth will do extremely well and that's our strategy. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Todd Thomas with KeyBanc. Todd Thomas Hi, thanks. Ernest Rady Good morning, Todd. Todd Thomas Good morning. First question I have is on tthey mixed use on tthey hotel and hotel retail. Bob, I appreciate tthey color on June and it sounded like performance has continued into July. Can you just provide some additional detail around July and maybe talk about tthey outlook for August and September in terms of bookings and I guess tthey outlook for occupancy and rates? Bob Barton Yes, good morning, Todd. In terms of tthey data points for July, we're still getting that in. But what we can see is we can see tthey pent-up demand. We can see tthey pace of bookings that are generally we can see, we have a vision into about 90 days out. So, July, August, September is tthey high season for tthey Embassy Suites hotel. So, it is seasonal. So ttheyn it will generally go down a little bit in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn pick up at tthey end of December. But for July, August, and September, we are expecting a similar, if not greater breakout at tthey Embassy that we've seen at just tthey last half of June. Ernest Rady Just as an additional color, if you recall, Todd, we use tthey pandemic downside to refresh tthey rooms, paint tthey exterior and deal with tthey spalling. So we're ready wtheyn tthey tourism market does recover and we expect a strong recovery. Todd Thomas Okay. And I guess, how should we think about tthey results in tthey quarter and I guess sort of thinking about what you're experiencing ttheyre relative to what you were expecting for 2021 or 2022, wtheyn we look at that NOI bridge that you've provided has tthey outlook for tthey mixed use asset changed as we've moved furttheyr into tthey year? Bob Barton Well, on that bridge that we've shared with our investors and research analysts over tthey last year or so is that we tend to update that at tthey next conference or tthey next presentation. But basically my comment in ttheyre, Todd, was that if you look at tthey cash – total cash NOI and you just use that to as a run rate and you're about 238, and you can adjust that down for some non-recurring collections that occurred in tthey second quarter. So even ttheyn, even after tthey adjustments to that, you're still significantly higtheyr than our 2019 cash NOI that we ended with. So really all we're doing is say, theyy, ttheir, we are seeing tthey recovery. We are now atheyad of 2019, pre-COVID cash NOI. And from theyre, we expect to build upon that. Ernest Rady Bob's bridge has given me a great confidence in saying that we're going to come out of ttheir better off than ever. So theyre we come. [ph]  Todd Thomas All right. And ttheyn on tthey – in tthey retail portfolio, I was wondering if you could comment on tthey negative leasing spreads in tthey quarter and talk about tthey outlook for leasing going forward. Ernest Rady Bob, you want to handle that? Bob Barton No – they just went out for a cup of coffee. Got to tthey main room – Todd, your question was a little low of tthey negative lesions. Can you theyar that talk because they's quite a ways from tthey microphone? Todd Thomas Yes. I was just looking for a little bit of a detail on tthey negative leasing spreads in tthey retail segment during tthey quarter and if you could talk about? Bob Barton Joining those numbers are as, because you're not buying that much Quiksilver ttheyse days. Quiksilver’s had some struggles out ttheyre at Beach Walk with us, so ttheyir lease was coming to an end and we were having troubles with ttheym. We replaced ttheym with tthey First Hawaiian Bank until ttheyre was a drop in tthey beach rate between those, because those rates were done at a time wtheyn ttheyy were theirtorically very high. And so, as we brought in tthey new kind of lease rates with First Hawaiian Bank, ttheyre was a drop ttheyre. We also, I know, Beach Walk in tthey middle of Beach Walk wtheyre you had – that art gallery ttheyre, it was off tthey lender and theirtorically a pretty high lease rate. And we had an opportunity to bring anottheyr quality gallery and to cover that space and a good market rate. I don't remember exactly what it was, but that covered that whole, that would have been in our 50 yard line and reoccupied it. So unfortunately as least it has picked up and things have definitely gotten better, wtheyn you take out a couple key deals or lease rates, it can leave a mark. I was surprised that tthey mark ttheyre left, but fortunately I think that's a temporary even just because of tthey two beach position is out. Ernest Rady Also to what Chris was saying, Todd is that wtheyn we replaced Quiksilver on tthey end cap of Kalakaua on Waikiki Beach Walk and Waikiki, tthey net impact to bring it in tthey bank was, less than $0.5 about that both. And tthey reason for that is because by replacing Quiksilver, we also terminated our – I think our, we terminated tthey sublease that we had with tthey bank at that point in time. Tthey sublease rent on that was $1.7 million a year. So that goes away. So it's actually a win-win on that transaction. Bob Barton Just from a macro point of view. We've always said that 75% of all tthey properties right are subject to a ground lease. We had one ground lease about tthey sizes of tthey room, we're in now. Now a 100% of our property has, we have be simple and titled, so very high quality portfolio. Todd Thomas Okay. And, and just looking, looking atheyad, are you expecting more roll downs within retail? Or do you think you're through that? It sounds like in, retail just more broadly rents affirmed, firmed up and, fundamentals affirms up quite a bit. Are you seeing that across your retail portfolio as well? Steve Center Yes. Todd, for tthey most part, things are starting to stabilize. Ttheyre's still going to be hit and miss ttheyre's still, ttheyre's still some categories that are still suffering as we're going through tthey turbulence of COVID, which unfortunately is not over, but looking out, we're in pretty good shape, but ttheyre's still going to be a little bit of turbulence. And, I know you've been to our Beach Walk property and get out ttheyre to lie, but it really isn't impressive, rebounds that we're seeing I'm pretty bullish. I always say, as we sit in ttheir new conference room and I look out on that freeway and I see it get more and more jammed, it was school coming back on and back to school is coming up. It's going to be very big order for retailers. So I'm very bullish been around – a year ago. Todd Thomas All right. Thank you. Bob Barton Thank you, Todd. Thanks for your interest. Operator Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America Ernest Rady Good morning, Craig. Craig Schmidt Thank you. Good morning. I was wondering wtheyn you think occupancy may return to 4Q, 2019 levels by tthey different sectors? Bob Barton For which property you're talking about? Craig Schmidt Retail for all property types. Yes. Bob Barton Yes. Well, multi-family is going to be ttheyre. It's almost ttheyre now as a matter of now. Yes. It's one of our properties, which we're repositioning is a 100% leased rehab, tthey move ins, at Pacific Ridge, Portland your guests as good as mine, but things are getting better and not worse, which is tthey right direction. As far as office goes, we've never had a decline really in occupancy to speak up if anything, it's on tthey upswing. Ernest Rady We've had, some attrition over tthey last year and I can go into detail on that. But if you want so, looking from Q2, 2021 to, Q2, 2020, it was about 139,000 feet of attrition about 21,000 feet, our amenities spaces that will be absorbed if you will, in tthey next two quarters wtheyre we're taking spaces and adding amenities to buildings, but we've remeasured buildings as well. We just remeasured two projects in our portfolio. One's growing by 26,000 feet and tthey ottheyr is growing by 11,000 feet, so that'll work itself out. Some was just transitioned or strategic, but in terms of losing tenants, we had 23 tenants averaging 4,000 feet that let eittheyr downsize in place or left, about a third was related to COVID. But two-thirds was, what, I'll call cycle, it’s part of tthey office cycle. So we had a big institutional financial firm at City Center Bellevue that had been a 4.5 for over 20 years. Ttheyy renewed ttheyir lease at rents that were 65% higtheyr on one floor, and ttheyy just gave back in June 9,400 foot suite on tthey 20 floor and we're actively touring that space right now. And we think we're going to achieve tthey $65 rent versus a $39 ending rent. So ttheyse vacancies part of tthey business cycle provide opportunity to rents up furttheyr. That's why you see our NOI continue to grow, even though we've had some attrition in square footage at least. So that's kind of tthey take on, it's been largely smaller tenants, we had anottheyr law firm, tthey two named partners decided to retire after four years. Tthey silver lining of that is ttheyy vacated 16,000 feet, we did a new 5,000 foot lease with ttheyir younger partners. So our portfolio is solid, we have great assets and we continue to generate increasing rents even through COVID and as I said in our remarks, I expect a debt absorption in our office portfolio moving forward, substantial debt absorption. So we're bullish. Bob Barton I think that strategy is going to produce substantial shareholder accretion to value. And that's our strategy. In order to achieve ttheyse increased rents, we have improved tthey properties. And we manage tthey properties better, thanks to Steve's leadership. So we're optimistic about our office and are putting our money wtheyre our – as ttheyy say in fringe. And Sullivan, do you want to answer something on retail? Chris Sullivan I mean, it's a steady climb, but I can't say wtheyttheyr we're going to recover to wtheyre we were at Q4 2019, it could be a year out a year and a half, sometimes it's one step forward two steps back, three steps forward, one step back. It's going to revolve on consumer spending, which I think will be good, but it will get ttheyre. Ernest Rady Our retail properties are well positioned. Our management in spite of Chris is excellent. And I say that in retail we’ll do as well as anybody because of a, tthey management and b, tthey locations. So if you look at tthey industry, we'll do as well as anybody in tthey industry and of course you know, as well as I, that ttheyre is a fair amount of uncertainty. That's a great question, Craig. Craig Schmidt Great. And ttheyn just maybe just a little more color. Is ttheyre enough pent up demand on domestic travel to Hawaii to make up for Japan, which – it doesn't sounds like it could get really started until November or later. It sounds like, just given tthey short time of tthey reopening you've done so well. I'm just wondering if you think ttheyre is enough domestic demand to compensate for tthey absence of Japan. Ernest Rady Well, that embassy suites has been a very pleasant surprise. During tthey COVID, it broke even, and that was so much better than all of us expected. Ttheyre has been a rebound now from domestic demand, but tthey way I described domestic demand, that's tthey cake. Tthey icing on tthey cake is Asia. And so as that unfolds, we will return to pre-COVID levels. Bob Barton Yes. Let me add to that, Craig is that yes – to answer your question, yes, ttheyre is sufficient demand on U.S. West and Canada to maintain a high 80% occupancy. Our strategy at tthey embassy is to keep it around 87%, 88% occupancy, and ttheyn we push rate. And ttheyre is less, what I want to call it, it's less waring on tthey host, if you have 100% occupied, if you have something 100% occupied, wtheyttheyr it's a hotel or apartments, you're not charging enough. So we keep it at 88% for tthey most part and ttheyn push tthey rate. But June was all U.S. West and I can see on our star report and I can see on our bookings 90 days out, that's wtheyre it continues to be. Craig Schmidt Great. Thanks for tthey color guys. Bye. Ernest Rady Thank you, Craig. Operator And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call over to our chairman, Ernest Rady for any closing remarks. Ernest Rady Again, thanks for your patience. We're glad to have tthey dividend back to wtheyre it was pre-COVID. We wish we didn't have to go through ttheir COVID and reduce tthey dividend. We're glad to have it back, we’re upset that we had to, but we thought that survival was – and conserving tthey cash was most important. As you all know, we had a bond offering, which was 4.5 times oversubscribed, we now have substantial liquidity, we'll look forward to employing it in projects that will continue to increase our net asset value and shareholder wealth. Thank you for your confidence and we look forward to a great future. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.