AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Mark Griffin - Head, Investor Relations Seth Bernstein - President & Chief Executive Officer Scott DiMaggio - Co-Head of Fixed Income Gershon Distenfeld - Co-Head of Fixed Income Kate Burke - Chief Operating Officer & Chief Financial Officer Onur Erzan - Head, Global Client Group & Private Wealth Conference Call Participants Craig Siegenthaler - Bank of America Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Bill Katz - Credit Suisse John Dunn - Evercore Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein First Quarter 2023 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be question-and-answer session. And I will give instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded, and will be available for replay on our website shortly after tthey conclusion of ttheir call. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host of ttheir call Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad.  Mark Griffin  Thank you operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2023 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website www.alliancebernstein.com. With us today to discuss tthey company's results for tthey quarter are Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; Kate Burke, COO and CFO; and our Co-Head of Fixed Income, Scott DiMaggio and Gershon Distenfeld; Onur Erzan, Head of Global Client Group in Private Wealth will join us for questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we'll present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I'd like to point out tthey safe harbor language on Slide 2 of our presentation. You can also find our safe harbor language in tthey MD&A of our 10-Q. Under Regulation FD management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now I'll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein  Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Tthey first quarter saw positive returns in both equities and fixed income markets though equity leadership was relatively narrow and yields in bond markets were volatile. Our global platform generated positive net flows as retail and high net worth investors became more comfortable taking on risk and we're keen to take advantage of higtheyr fixed income yields. Our realized fee rate improved by 4% year-over-year driven by tthey addition of carve-out. And we executed on several focused growth investments launching three new active equity ETFs filing for our AB carve-out interval fund and continuing to grow market penetration of our customized muni SMA platform. Let's get into tthey specifics, starting with a firm-wide overview on Slide 4. Gross sales were $25.6 billion, down $5.7 billion, or 18% from tthey year ago period excluding last year's large custom target date sale. Firm-wide active net inflows were $1.8 billion, or 1% annualized positive in two of three channels. Quarter end assets under management of $676 billion declined 8% versus tthey prior year and were up 5% sequentially. An average AUM of $667 billion was down 11% year-over-year and up 5% sequentially. Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firmwide first quarter net imposts were $800 million. Retail gross sales of $16.8 billion were down year-over-year though improved sequentially driving net inflows of $1.6 billion amid strong demand for taxable and municipal fixed income, up 15% and 21% on an annualized basis respectively. Our institutional channel had gross sales of $3 billion, declining from prior quarters, but of which included large custom target-based sales. Net outflows were $2.7 billion. In Private Wealth gross sales were strong at $5.8 billion with clients inclined to invest ttheir into money market funds given market volatility. Net inflows were $1.9 billion now positive eight of tthey last 11 quarters. Investment performance is shown on Slide 6. Starting with fixed income. During tthey first quarter developed market government bond yields fell in all major markets. Yields remain volatile as investors factored in shifting inflation and growth assumptions. Global developed market treasury returns rose 3.1% as measured by tthey Bloomberg Global Treasury Index on a theydge basis. AB's fixed income performance improved in all periods. Notably tthey percentage of assets outperforming over tthey three-year period improved to 83% driven by our flagship global high-yield income which posted top quartile performance. Totally 75% of our fixed income assets are outperforming over tthey five-year period. Our one-year underperformance continues to reflect our broader positioning in global credit during a period in which tthey U.S. has outperformed challenging some peer comparisons. Turning to equities. Global equities were volatile during tthey quarter, as turmoil in tthey banking sector jilted markets in March. After recovering toward quarter end, tthey MSCI World Index had advanced by 7.4% in local currency terms. In a reversal of last year's performance patterns, gross stocks outperformed value stocks with tthey Russell 1000 Growth Index, up 14% while tthey Russell 1000 Value Index was flat. Our equities performance was generally strong, with one year improving to 74% as global core and several small-cap strategies outperformed. Three-year performance reverted back to 38% after rebounding in tthey prior quarter. Our US large cap growth portfolio, beat tthey morning to our peer group but lagged tthey Russell 1000 growth benchmark, which remains theyavily weighted in mega-cap technology, presenting concentration mix. 73% of our AUM outperformed over tthey five-year period. Versus tthey morning to our peer group, 68%, 61% and 70% of our equity assets outperformed over tthey one, three and five-year periods, respectively. Now I'll review our client channels, beginning with retail on Slide 7. Gross sales of $16.8 billion in our retail channel declined by $3.8 billion from last year and were up $2.6 billion sequentially. Net inflows were $1.6 billion or 2.6% annualized organic growth, reflecting strong taxable fixed income and municipal demand. Tthey overall redemption rate improved to 25%, tthey lowest rate in tthey last 12 quarters. Taxable Fixed income sales more than doubled year-over-year, and rose 80% sequentially led by meaningful acceleration in our American Income Fund. Ttheir translated to 15% annualized organic growth in taxable fixed income. Unit sales and flows were also robust, with sales up over strong prior periods and net inflows of $1.4 billion or 21% annualized organic growth. Ttheir was tthey 10th quarter in tthey last 11 of muni net inflows. As shown in tthey lower left, we handily outpaced tthey industry growth rates, gaining market share in tthey quarter. Sales grew sequentially and we had net inflows in all regions. US retail grew by 11.5% annualized organically. Notably, AB ranked in tthey top 2% for cross-border flows for fixed income. During tthey quarter, we filed for our first interval fund, tthey AB CarVal Opportunistic Credit Fund, a continuation of tthey existing multi-strategy private, credit theydge fund strategy offered since 2014. Over time, we plan to offer ttheir through US distribution partners to broad third-party retail. Turning to Institutional on Slide 8. First quarter gross sales were $3 billion, well diversified across asset classes so down substantially from tthey comparable prior period, which both saw large custom target date sales. Net outflows were $2.7 billion, concentrated in non-US value strategies. Alternatives and multi-asset demand grew for tthey 12th consecutive quarter. Ttheir asset class now represents one-third of our channel AUM, having posted a 24% compound annual organic growth rate over tthey last three years. Our pipeline was $13.1 billion at quarter end, essentially flat with tthey prior quarter. DISH's included $1.2 billion from Equitable for our US commercial real estate debt service, along with a number of active equity mandates. Equitable's $10 billion commitment, split into private alternatives and private placements was approximately 70% deployed at quarter end. Private alternatives continue to represent over 80% of tthey pipeline's annualized fee base, resulting in a pipeline fee rate 3 times tthey channel average. During tthey quarter, we received an upgrade from a large global consultancy for our sustainable global ttheymatic platform, part of our portfolio for purpose which now stands at $25.2 billion in tthey assets under management. That said, in tthey month of April, we expect to incur a few large low key redemptions totaling about $6 billion, at a blended rate of about six basis points. Ttheyse slip between our custom target date and fixed income businesses. Included in ttheir rebalancing, of a large custom target data count for which tthey vast majority AUM will remain at AB. As a reminder, we had $16 billion of new fundings in our custom target date business in 2022 and expect to see continued growth over tthey longer term. Offsetting tthey vast majority of tthey revenue impact from ttheyse low fee redemptions in April, we were awarded a higtheyr fee $1 billion equity mandate in our US large cap growth strategy, which we expect will fund over tthey next few months. Moving to Private Wealth on slide nine. First quarter gross sales were $5.8 billion, down 3% year-over-year and up 41% sequentially. Productivity improved sequentially and we drove net inflows of $1.9 billion, now positive for eight of tthey last 11 quarters. We experienced strong inflows in money market funds which were elevated during tthey March banking dislocation. We continue to generate growth sales from liquidity events from which our pipeline of pre-transaction planning remains solid. Our mix continues to shift towards our ultra-high net worth $20 million and over clients, tthey fastest-growing client segment, which grew at a high single-digit rate ttheir quarter. We had a strong quarter for alternative commitments, up 52% versus tthey prior year period. Ttheir quarter included raises in AB's CarVal II Clean Energy Fund. And our proprietary direct indexing strategy grew to $2.5 billion posting strong annualized organic growth of 40%. I'll finish our business overview with tthey sell side on slide 10. First quarter Bernstein research revenues of $100 million decreased by 15% year-over-year and were essentially flat with tthey prior quarter. While institutional trading volumes picked up sequentially, ttheyy were still generally soft industry-wide. We grew our leading share in research ctheycks, which were up year-over-year and down seasonally, as expected from tthey prior quarter. We launctheyd coverage on four global sectors ttheir past quarter and continue to innovate in events, holding our first-ever technology media and telecom and consumer one-on-one form with 21 companies and 65 clients participating. Our joint venture with Societe Generale, announced last November, is proceeding on plan. We continue to expect tthey transaction to close before tthey end of 2023, subject to regulatory consultation and approval in several countries and we anticipate disclosing financial details closer to that time. I'll conclude by reviewing tthey status of our strategic initiatives on slide 11. Performance and fixed income improved in every period. Equities remained solid and more than 70% of assets are outperforming over five years in both equities and fixed income. First quarter growth was led by private wealth and retail, each of which experienced strong double-digit annualized organic growth in fixed income. We launctheyd three active equity ETFs; US low volatility equity, US high dividend and disruptors. In private alternatives AB CarVal CLO-7 raised $420 million. Fundraising for AB CarVal most recent Clean Energy Fund continues to pace with over $1 billion raised and a final close expected in tthey second quarter. Lower markets versus prior years impacted our financial comparison. First quarter adjusted operating income declined by 21%, adjusted operating margin was 27% and adjusted earnings in unitholder distributions were $0.66 per unit, down 27% versus tthey prior year. Finally, I'd like to invite you to tune in to tthey upcoming inaugural Equitable Holdings Investor Day to be theyld on Wednesday May 10, wtheyre I will present a view of our longer-term horizon and our partnership with Equitable. Now, I'm pleased to introduce both Scott DiMaggio and Gershon Distenfeld, co-theyads of our Fixed Income platform. Scott will take you from theyre.  Scott DiMaggio Thanks Seth. It's a pleasure to be with you today to share with you tthey key strengths that differentiate AB's global fixed income platform. Tthey key points I want to leave you with today are: we firmly believe that bonds are back, with theirtorically attractive yields that offer value to our clients. Our global fixed income offering with a 50-year theyritage led by experienced and tenured teams is differentiated among peers, driven by a culture of innovation and market-leading positions in tax-exempt, high-quality global multi-sector and high income, as well as our investment-grade strategies. Our investment performance positions us well to garner flows at fixed income demand returns and we have a clear growth strategy, based on building market-leading positions in municipals income and third-party insurance. All areas we have a proven edge and a right to win. Starting with slide 13, we're a global platform with $263 billion in AUM, well diversified by channel, strategy and client domicile. We are proud of our tenured team of investment professionals, who have an average of 25 years in tthey industry and 17 at AB. Our team of 38 portfolio managers covers tthey full spectrum of global fixed income sectors and subsectors and are supported by experienced analysts, traders and APMs, with significant expertise across tthey industry. In addition, we have over 130 technology experts to theylp us to maintain an edge in supporting our portfolio managers and our clients. We think bonds are back, as entry points are extremely attractive following tthey aggressive interest rate tightening cycle by tthey Fed and ottheyr global central banks, a cycle which you should be acknowledged resulted in some of tthey worst performance across fixed income in 40 years. Slide 14 shows evidence of recent strengttheyning demand. We started to witness a turning card in tthey fourth quarter of 2022 with a clear return to positive flows in tthey first quarter of ttheir year driven by both our retail and our private wealth channels. Our American income strategies drove strong inflows in tthey first quarter with investor allocations responding to ttheyse higtheyr interest rates. Tthey following factors differentiate our offering. We have developed a highly integrated investment and risk management approach driven by an experienced and tenured investment team. We have demonstrated a multi-decade culture of innovation, which we're excited to highlight for you. We have a successful track record developing and building scale in a range of products with market-leading positions in tax exempts both mutual funds and SMAs, income strategies which include our uniquely successful barbell approach to balancing rate and credit exposure and our multi-sector high-income platform investing across investment grade high yield and emerging markets. Across ttheyse areas, we have deep experience and knowledge structured and tailored separate accounts wtheyttheyr ttheyy be global multi-sector investment-grade high-yield or emerging markets, we have a franctheire with enduring capabilities. A hallmark of AB's fixed income platform is a culture of and focus on innovation, allowing us to better identify sources of alpha for our clients leading to enhanced risk-adjusted returns. Innovation has allowed us to introduce new products and services for our clients capturing evolving market opportunities. Ttheir year we're excited to celebrate tthey 30th anniversary of one of our groundbreaking multi-sector strategies, tthey American Income portfolio. Ttheir alongside global high yield has defined multi-sector investing offshore. Tthey marriage of quantitative and fundamental research combined with technology has been a powerful combination enabling improved performance for clients and a better client experience. Ttheir slide contains just a few highlighted examples among a larger list. PRISM, our credit research database improves our decision-making on individual issuers and makes those credit recommendations available to all applicable accounts. We have continued to evolve tthey PRISM platform and will soon be launching Version 3.0 upgrading our ESG analytical capabilities across portfolios. AB Alpha labs, our theylp for quantitative intelligence synttheysizes our quantitative model output and makes it readily available to our portfolio managers, analysts and traders in real time. Alpha, our liquidity aggregator provides us a real-time view of tthey entire bond market and tthey trading levels of individual issues enabling client liquidity needs to be met. All of ttheyse imports are processed inside our patented Abbie optimizer, which includes our virtual assistant Abbie Chat. Ttheir next-generation portfolio construction platform quickly and efficiently automates our trade construction, increases our speed of investment decisions and execution. Tthey interoperability of ttheyse tools and systems improves tthey client experience and has emerged as a powerful and transformative competitive advantage for AB. In ttheir spirit of innovation, we are excited to have created a suite of systematic fixed income offerings led by our systematic investment grade offering, which marries our fixed income technology with our quantitative research. We will have a three-year track record in June. With top quartile performance we believe ttheir will be a compelling offering to a large addressable asset pool. Tthey product offers low correlation to traditional strategies theynce good diversification and is seeing increased interest from prospects. On Slide 17, we show tthey rationale behind our barbell approach used in our American Income portfolio and ottheyr strategies to provide an enhanced core bond allocation. With almost a 30-year track record, American Income is designed to provide attractive income while balancing two major risks in fixed income, duration or interest rate risk and credit. Government and credit bonds rarely underperform at tthey same time, in fact, less than 10% of tthey time in recent years. Ttheir lack of negative correlation tends to occur during periods of theyightened inflation volatility like 2022 something we expect to see less of going forward as central banks bring inflation under control. We continue to believe in tthey benefits of diversifying high-quality bonds with tthey strategic allocation to markets such as high yield and emerging markets to enhance income and dampen interest rate risk. A second element of our franctheire is our multi-sector approach. Simply put it is very rare that one bond sector leads all tthey time. Sector leadership changes, which is why high yield securitized and emerging markets can theylp provide a diversifying balance against just government bonds. And of course, our culture of collaboration is key. Since most of our assets was added multisector product offerings, we don't bolt-on asset classes, rattheyr tthey various teams work in partnership to achieve ttheyse client objectives. On Slide 18, we show a relative performance of our key strategies over time. In retail, our global funds showed strong three-year performance versus peers with global high-yields diversified approach including allocations to investment grade and securitized securities providing outperformance. Our Muni performance has consistently been very strong. In institutional, while we have a number of strategies available to clients, we have seen particularly competitive performance in Global Core and Core Plus, high-yield both broad market and short duration and in emerging markets dollar-denominated sovereign and corporate debt. Now, I'll turn it over to Gershon to discuss our growth strategy. Gershon Distenfeld Thanks, Scott. It's a pleasure to be with everyone ttheir morning. Looking forward, our fixed income growth strategy resides primarily on three pillars: munis, income and insurance while at tthey same time maintaining an unwavering commitment across tthey breadth of our fixed income platform. Let's start with munis, wtheyre we have generated strong organic growth over tthey last five years driven by our market-leading performance, product innovation and a scalable technology. We are focused on becoming a top five provider of municipals, through accelerating tthey build-out of our next-generation solutions-oriented investment platform, expanding our current best-in-class investment performance, customization and tax optimization all attributes that have led to strong market share growth in recent years which we are confident we can extend. With over 10 consecutive years of organic growth, our Muni SMA business has grown to over $16 billion of assets under management led by muni tax aware and including high-quality, muni income and custom muni. We also believe that we can become a top three provider in SMAs. Finally, we are very excited about our new custom muni partnerships with multiple national and independent broker-dealers as well as RIAs. Let's turn to our second pillar, our income franctheire. We plan to continue to capitalize on our existing brand recognition and 30-year track record managing income strategies. As flows come back into fixed income, we expect investors to continue to be attracted to our three-decade track record of delivering superior investment results for income investors. While 2022 was a challenging year performance-wise, as Scott alluded to, our three year relative numbers are strong with a key product like global high yield in tthey top quartile. We are focused on matching our APAC market share success in US and European retail diversifying our product offering and presence in key distribution channels. Our existing income capabilities give investors product offerings across tthey term structure of interest rates providing both short and intermediate duration strategies with tthey ability to focus on specific regional services or global options. Our newly launctheyd AB Tax Aware ECF symbol year, tthey first potentially in a series will also theylp us to continue to build our market share in ttheir category. We believe we can substantially grow AUM in ttheir franctheire over tthey course of time. And finally our third pillar, insurance. We are focused on becoming a top 10 insurance solution provider for tthey insurance sector through all tthey following: leveraging our substantial expertise with our partner Equitable for whom we have been addressing insurance solutions for nearly 40 years. And under allocation to fixed income across about $4 trillion in addressable GA assets coupled with highly favorable rates, opened a unique opportunity for our insurance-sensitive investment expertise. Organic growth will be led by enhancing existing infrastructure, expanding advisory solution capabilities and increasing non-core and satellite investment offerings. Our recently enhanced private alternative capabilities through tthey CarVal acquisition will be an important partnership in realizing our insurance growth ambitions. Ttheir may be supplemented through inorganic growth as we continually evaluate strategic partnerships and opportunistic focused acquisitions. In summary, we believe that bonds are back with higtheyr yields providing an attractive entry point. We have a differentiated offering combined with a culture of innovation with market-leading positions in key sectors that we are focused on extending. Our investment performance positions us well to garner flows as fixed income demand returns. And finally our growth strategy is based on building market-leading positions in municipals, income and third-party insurance, all areas we have a proven edge and a right to win. Now I will turn tthey call over to Kate, who will review tthey financials. Kate?  Kate Burke Thanks, Gershon. Let's start with tthey GAAP income statement on Slide 21. First quarter GAAP net revenues of $1 billion, decreased 7% from tthey prior year period. Operating income of $215 million, decreased to 13% and operating margin of 20.1%, decreased by 450 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.59 in tthey quarter, decreased by 32% year-over-year. I'll focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders on our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to and not as a substitute for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are shown on Slide 22, which I'll touch on as we talk through tthey P&L shown on Slide 23. On Slide 23, beginning with revenues, net revenues of $833 million, decreased 8% versus tthey prior year period and were up 4% sequentially. Base fees decreased 8% versus tthey prior year period as 11% lower average AUM was driven by market declines. Tthey first quarter fee rate of 40.3 basis points was up 4% year-over-year, driven primarily by tthey addition of higtheyr fee rate CarVal based fees and down 3% sequentially, primarily reflecting tthey $6.5 billion low-fee CRS funding late in tthey fourth quarter and a mix shift to fixed income from equities. We expect a modest recovery in tthey fee rate in tthey second quarter based on mix and timing of tthey expected low fee target rate redemptions. First quarter performance fees of $33 million declined by $12 million from tthey prior year period due to lower real estate equity fees, partially offset by higtheyr fees on private credit services. Given current market conditions, we continue to see full year 2023 performance fees tracking roughly in line with tthey prior year level. First quarter revenues for Bernstein Research Services decreased 15% from tthey prior year period, driven by lower customer trading activity in tthey US, Europe and Asia, due to tthey prevailing macroeconomic environment. Tthey ottheyr revenues line of $63 million is comprised primarily of dividend and interest revenue, which at $46 million increased by $39 million year-over-year reflecting tthey higtheyr interest rate environment. Netting against ttheir shown on tthey expense line and adjusted revenues is interest expense associated with our private wealth brokers clients. Interest expense of $28 million increased year-over-year due to higtheyr interest rates and was down $6 million sequentially. As our mix shifts gradually towards ultra high net worth, we modified our interest payment formula ttheir year to align interest paid declines more closely with market rates during a period of rising rates. We remain very competitive on tthey cash rate we offer to our clients. Moving to adjusted expenses. All in, our total first quarter operating expenses of $608 million decreased by 2% year-over-year and were up 7% sequentially. Total compensation and benefits expense declined by, 5% from tthey prior year period reflecting lower AUM-driven revenues and performance fees offset by higtheyr compensation ratio of 49.5% of adjusted net revenues as compared with 48% in tthey prior year period. Lower incentive compensation reflected lower AUM, partially offset by higtheyr base compensation driven by an increase in average theyadcount. In tthey first quarter we onboarded approximately 280 previously outsourced India staff to gain efficiencies. Excluding ttheir and tthey CarVal Acquisition theyadcount declined year-over-year reflecting tthey previously announced 4% reduction in February of 2023. Given market conditions, we continue to believe that our full year 2023 compensation to revenue ratio will trend towards tthey higtheyr end of tthey theirtorical 47% to 50% range. We plan to improve at a 49.5% compensation ratio in tthey second quarter and may adjust throughout tthey year as conditions change. Promotion and servicing costs decreased by, 2% from tthey prior year period and sequentially. Versus tthey prior year period, higtheyr T&E and firm meetings were offset by lower trade execution and plans and transfer fees. Sequentially, T&E and marketing expenses declined. We continue to expect full year promotion and servicing spend to increase in tthey low-single digits. G&A expenses declined 1% in tthey first quarter versus tthey prior year period and were down 4%, sequentially. Versus tthey prior year period, lower portfolio services and related expenses and favorable foreign exchange translation offset higtheyr technology spend and professional fees. Tthey sequential decline was driven by lower portfolio services related expenses, technology-related expenses and professional fees. For tthey full year we continue to target G&A growth below inflation levels, up low-single digits. Interest expense on borrowings increased by $12 million from tthey prior year period and $5 million sequentially reflecting higtheyr interest rates and higtheyr balances. First quarter operating income of $225 million decreased by 21% versus tthey prior year period and was down 3% sequentially. First quarter operating margin of 27% was down 250 basis points year-on-year. As outlined in tthey appendix of our presentation, first quarter earnings exclude certain items which are not part of our core business operations. In tthey first quarter adjusted operating earnings were $10 million or $0.07 per unit above GAAP operating earnings due primarily to acquisition-related expenses including CarVal intangible amortization. Tthey first quarter effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 5.3%. Our guidance for tthey effective tax rate in 2023 remains approximately 5.5% to 6%. We continue to expect tthey natural relocation will be accretive for tthey full year 2023 with compensation-related savings more than offsetting increased occupancy costs. Stepping back I'm proud of tthey engagement across our organization, as we continue to execute a focused set of our key growth initiatives, while concurrently keeping a close watch on our expenses. We continue to manage tthey business conservatively as tthey outlook for financial markets remains clouded by continued macroeconomic uncertainty. As Seth mentioned, we look forward to providing you with a meaningful insight into our trajectory over tthey coming years at tthey upcoming Equitable Investor Day on May 10. Now we are pleased to answer your questions, Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Your line is open. Craig Siegenthaler Hey. Good morning everyone. And thank you for tthey additional details on tthey fixed income business from Scott and Gershon. We found that theylpful. But sticking with those disclosures, on Slide 14, you highlight that retail and private wealth are leading tthey migration back into fixed income and not tthey institutional channel. Why is that? And wtheyn do you expect tthey institutional flows to pick up? Onur Erzan Thanks for tthey question. You're absolutely right. In terms of tthey higtheyr net growth channels have been our Asia Ex-Japan franctheire with taxable fixed income as well as our U.S. retail and private wealth business. On tthey institutional side, we have seen an up-tick in tthey demand for U.S. high-yields and that kind of played into tthey sales and tthey pipeline. We continue to see strong demand in credit and U.S. high-yields. Obviously, it's hard to predict all tthey terminations, so hard to be very precise on tthey net flows. But we are pleased with tthey momentum in tthey client dialogue around global credits as well as US high yields in tthey coming quarters. Scott DiMaggio Onur, if I can -- it's Scott, If I can just add to that. I think tthey ottheyr trend we did see in 2021 was more of tthey money that left from retail wtheyttheyr that be US retail or offshore retail. So I think that cohort was under-risked or under weight of fixed income. And I think that's tthey first flow that we've started to see back in tthey last five or six months. On tthey institutional side, we continue to see steady inflows from defined benefit plans, who are in tthey process -- or many are in tthey process of de-risking. But we just have not seen that cohort de-risk in 2021. So I just don't think ttheyre's as much money that's going to come back to us as a result of that. Craig Siegenthaler And ttheyn just honing a little bit on American Income. You've had some success ttheyre in early 2023. I know different geographies can really move that fund. So I'm wondering what kind of geographies, are driving that ramp in net inflows? And is it Asia ex-Japan? Gershon Distenfeld It is -- I'm sorry. Onur, go atheyad. Onur Erzan Thanks. Onur again and Gershon please ctheme in. Absolutely you're right. Our main engine behind AIP has been Asia ex-Japan. Hong Kong coming back very strong and we have definitely benefited from that in Q1 as we have done over multiple cycles. And on tthey broader taxable fixed income side, we are getting some demand in Europe as well on tthey fixed maturities side. So that's anottheyr encouraging sign. Those are tthey few things I would highlight. But Gershon, please add. Gershon Distenfeld Yes. I would just add that what's encouraging to us is, ttheir is tthey first time we've been -- I've been managing ttheir fund for two decades and we've been running it for three decades. I can't remember anottheyr time wtheyn ttheyre was ttheir type of volatility wtheyre we didn't see significant outflows. We saw it certainly in tthey global financial crisis even before that in tthey telecom crisis of 2002 and tthey European debt crisis, tthey taper tantrum, COVID. And ttheir is really tthey first time wtheyre things were stable to somewhat positive. And I think we can attribute that to tthey ttheyme we spoke about earlier of bonds are back. Bonds are back is not some short-term trading idea, but it's a realization that levels have gotten to tthey point wtheyre all in tthey yields are likely to produce superior total returns over tthey next few years and people are taking a longer-term view towards allocating to that. So if ttheyre's any type of short-term volatility, it's not tthey first place that our investors are thinking of reducing ttheyir exposure. Craig Siegenthaler Thank you, guys. Operator Okay. And our next question comes from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Alex Blostein Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking tthey question. Well, I was hoping to touch on tthey private markets for a second. Ttheyre's been clearly significant dislocation in tthey banking land. You guys have a fairly sizable CRE lending platform. So, maybe talk a little bit about tthey opportunities you guys see to lean into that and perhaps curious to maybe better understand with Scott and Gershon on tthey call, how tthey private credit platform as a whole between corporate and CRE is incorporated in fixed income? And to what extent could that create an incremental benefit as institutions are clearly still kind of shifting to allocations out of liquid into private market in fixed income. Seth Bernstein Alex it, it's Seth. Let me give you a little sense of private alts. It is certainly true that from a fundraising perspective we're seeing more theyadwinds, as I think ottheyr firms have noted in ttheyir investor conferences. What I would say to you is tthey following and I'll touch on commercial real estate as part of it but separately. What we do see is that while originations are slower in our middle market lending business, commercial real estate and ottheyrs, we're seeing a whole lot less competition and we see better structure better pricing opportunities. So ttheir could be a very strong year from an origination perspective in terms of tthey quality of tthey assets that we're seeing. I would also add Alex that, those same factors lower M&A activity higtheyr interest rates have actually slowed repayments as well. So while flows new issue, I'm sorry, new origination flows maybe slower so are redemptions. So it hasn't really impacted us on a net AUM basis, which I think is an important attribute. With regard to commercial real estate as you know we do have roughly $10 billion US commercial real estate debt business. We're a senior lender. Commercial is a pretty -- it's less than a-third of tthey business as we currently have it structured. We have a pretty strong equity cushions under it and we've seen certainly some needs in some of that portfolio. And I suspect, we'll see more of that as CRE continues to experience, representing with respect to refinancings. So tthey quality has remained pretty strong for us. And wtheyn we look at wtheyre we are given that we're -- in most of our strategy is not levered we have tthey time to restructure what we do have and we're pretty happy with tthey quality of tthey assets that we've underwritten to date. But we're not delusional. We know that ttheyre will be more challenges in that sector going forward. But let me turn it over to Gershon.  Gershon Distenfeld Thanks Seth. And Alex, I would add that we've seen a much greater convergence between tthey public and private markets over tthey -- just tthey past two or three years. Don't quote me on ttheyse exact numbers but something like prior to 2020 ttheyre was one deal of greater than $1 billion in tthey private credit market. And last year, it was something like 26%. And that's just illustrative of tthey fact that tthey public investors, companies have tthey choice now to go eittheyr public or private and tthey two markets are really overlapping a lot more than ttheyy ever had. As a result, we are looking at new opportunities that our teams are working closer togettheyr. Our public and private teams are working closely togettheyr obviously with tthey right wall for a nonpublic information perspective but we're working closely togettheyr on more innovative solutions for our clients that we hope to bring to market. I'd also say that, our engagement with insurance companies in general is more holistic than it's been and we're having just more detailed conversations around how to best invest across tthey whole swap of public and private markets.  Alex Blostein Got you. Great. Thanks, guys. My quick follow-up for Kate just around tthey fee rate. You mentioned tthey fee rate came down in tthey first quarter as we saw given tthey $6 billion outflow that you highlighted in April it sounds like it's a low-fee mandate. So I think you said six basis points or something like that. How should we think about tthey fee rate into tthey second quarter maybe keeping like tthey markets flat from theyre?  Kate Burke Yes. Thanks for tthey question. I would expect a modest recovery in tthey fee rate in tthey second quarter. You'll see a likely positive second quarter versus first quarter asset mix primarily due to both tthey timing of tthey equity markets increasing in tthey first quarter. And ttheyn we'll get tthey mix benefit with tthey fixed income and CRS redemptions that you highlighted ttheyre as well as continued growth we believe in tthey higtheyr fee private alternative space we have ttheyre. So for tthey full year I think we're still saying we would predict tthey full year to reflect a positive mix of ttheym that will continue to kind of grind higtheyr over time recognizing ttheyre will be some volatility based on ttheyse large mandates coming in and out. Alex Blostein Got it. Very theylpful. Thanks very much. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Bill Katz Thanks so much as well. I appreciate tthey extra discussion. Maybe to shift gears a little bit. Seth you mentioned that CarVal launctheyd an interval fund. I was wondering, if you could maybe theylp explain -- size it what distribution channels it's in and what tthey outlook for that might be as well as any incremental products on tthey ottheyr side of that?  Seth Bernstein Sure. Let me do an Onur I think will step in and talk a little bit about tthey distribution strategy around it. Ttheir is an existing CarVal effectively credit theydge fund that ttheyy've been running for years with a very attractive track record. We actually haven't launctheyd yet we filed for it. So just to be clear it's not ttheyre. It's total size is in tthey several hundred million dollar range. And let me turn it over to Onur as to our expectations from a distribution perspective.  Onur Erzan Thanks. Onur, theyre again. Yes ttheir strategy has been in existence since 2014. It existed under tthey opportunistic credit fund category. So with tthey fund filing we're going to convert it an internal fund format that allows us to expand tthey distribution outreach with tthey accredited investors reducing tthey minimum investment size. First channel we're going to go atheyad with is our private wealth channel, which as you know is a well-establittheyyd track record of scaling private credit strategies with $10 billion in our private wealth books. And next we're going to expand into our US retail partners, particularly, leveraging strong penetration with affluent and high net worth oriented advisers that today use ottheyr strategies like our mini portfolios. So that's going to be our first wave of distribution opportunities looking into third and fourth quarter most likely.  Bill Katz Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn just -- I don't know if ttheyre's going to be too much detail on ttheir call, but I'm sort of curious, if you could sort of unpack tthey ottheyr revenue and ottheyr expense line a little bit and maybe bifurcate between sort of AllianceBernstein balance ttheyyet impact versus tthey private wealth cash. And within tthey private wealth cash any metrics theyre in terms of what tthey size is what percentage of client AUA it is and how to think about deposit betas underneath that. Thank you. Kate Burke I'll take a start with it ttheyn if Onur wants to add any more color on tthey private wealth side. What you saw in tthey first quarter on tthey interest rate expense, we did obviously have higtheyr borrowings in tthey first quarter versus 2022. That's somewhat of a timing issue as well. Tthey first quarter tends to be higtheyr just from how our cash flows go through tthey year, but ttheyre is obviously higtheyr interest expense related to that. We have a strong line of credit across a diversified group of large global banks as well as align with Equitable. And so ultimately we feel very -- still that we have a lot of room and our balance ttheyyet still remains substantially under leverage to ttheyir -- in terms of tthey interest income and interest expense line ttheyre that was largely as I mentioned in my remarks a decision around our ultra-high net worth and our private wealth business about how we were managing our lending facilities with ttheym making it more in line with tthey standard norm and recognizing we're in a rising interest rate environment so that it follows that those trends better. Anything you'd like to add ttheyre Onur?  Onur Erzan No, that's great Kate. Yes tthey net interest spread on our cash business in private wealth went up. So that's tthey positive. And tthey only connection I would make is obviously that partially offsets tthey deterioration you have seen in tthey fee rate, right? So you are making money on cash and that's partially offsetting tthey decline in tthey fee rate for managed solutions. And tthey ottheyr thing I would say is in most of tthey cases our clients don't leave cash balances for very long and ttheyy typically put that money into work wtheyttheyr it's idle cash or money market funds into higtheyr-yielding strategies, which ttheyn gets a pretty nice lift in terms of tthey revenue we generate from our private wealth business. So we are pretty pleased with tthey performance of our overall cash franctheire wtheyttheyr it's tthey cash in tthey private world as well as tthey money market business.  Bill Katz Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from tthey line of John Dunn with Evercore. Your line is open.  John Dunn Thank you. One on active equities. You kind of had a rare outflow quarter ttheir quarter. What do you think gets that back to inflows? Any particular funds you want to highlight and maybe tthey temperature of tthey consultants for active equities?  Onur Erzan Yes. Thanks John for tthey question. Yes it was sort of an outlier although I think it had much more to do with overall risk aversion in our client sets rattheyr than issues with underlying strategies that we're offering. We continue to see strong appetite for large cap growth and ottheyr growth products generally, which I think reflects tthey fact that growth has been outperforming value year-to-date, which is a reversal as you know. But we're also seeing increased interest in tthey value suite generally, which is encouraging as well both on tthey institutional side and to a degree on tthey retail side. So we continue to see activity. We've had consultant support for our sustainable ttheymatic strategy wtheyre we got an upgrade. And ultimately what we did see was we had 13 strategies that had gross sales over $100 million in tthey first quarter. And wtheyn you look at, we had basically $800 million in pipeline wtheyttheyr it was sustainable global ttheymatic strategic value small-cap growth, small-cap value. So we're seeing it pretty broad-based. And we did get in April, a new mandate from an institutional client for $1 billion in our large-cap growth space, which was particularly encouraging for us. So hopefully that gives you a sense of it. Onur, I don't know if you have anything you want to add. Onur Erzan Yeah. Tthey two small pieces on tthey outflows given we had a change in our emerging market value PM team that led to some institutional outflows, so that's a more idiosyncratic event that led to tthey outflows. On tthey positive, we continue to be very encouraged by our US large cap growth channel diversity in addition to tthey win in April that didn't make to tthey numbers yet. We also had seen very strong appetite from tthey CIT business, tthey Commingled Investment Trust business for our active strategies particularly large cap growth and that CIT business has been a new engine that we ramped up in tthey last four to six quarters and that basically plays into tthey retail DC channel and I'm very pleased with tthey expansion of our reach of equities into tthey DC space, defined contribution plans. That's what I mean by DC. John Dunn Makes sense. And ttheyn can you remind us of your strategy as far as tthey wealth management sales force. I think you had been trying to do a more homegrown strategy. But does tthey current environment provide any outside recruiting opportunities? Onur Erzan Thanks for that question. It has been a strong quarter for us in terms of adding new advisers, we were able to hire 15 advisers. Yes to your point theirtorically in our hiring, we had a skew towards earlier tenure advisers that we train by leveraging our very well-recognized industry training program that has been time tested for multiple decades now. Tthey current environment definitely opens opportunities for more experienced hires. We definitely made outbound calls got inbound as well. We have several experienced hires in tthey pipeline. We will always be selective because we care about tthey sustainability and tthey culture of tthey franctheire. But definitely it adds an additional opportunity for us to accelerate our organic growth, which by tthey way was very, very high in tthey first quarter. Ttheyre's some seasonality to that. But if you look at our first quarter we had roughly 7-plus percent organic growth in our private wealth channel, and ttheyse experience higtheyr opportunities given tthey disruption with tthey regional bank model definitely should theylp us with tthey hiring. John Dunn Thanks very much. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin I'll turn tthey call back over to you. Mark Griffin Thank you, Nathan. Thanks everyone for participating in our call today. Please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations with any follow-up questions and have a great day.