AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q2 2018 Results Earnings Conference Call July 26, 2018 8:00 AM ET Executives Russell Prochniak - Director of Investor Relations Seth Bernstein - President and Chief Executive Officer John Weisenseel - Chief Financial Officer Jim Gingrich - Chief Operating Officer Analysts Craig Siegenthaler - Credit Suisse Michael Carrier - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Bill Katz - Citigroup Operator Thank you for standing-by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein's Second Quarter 2018 earnings review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host for ttheir call, tthey Director of Investor Relations for AllianceBernstein, Ms. Russell Prochniak. Please go atheyad. Russell Prochniak Thank you, Holly. Good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey investor relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO, John Weisenseel, our CFO and Jim Gingrich, our COO, will present our results and take questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I would like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language on slide one of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our second quarter 10-Q, which we filed ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of a material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. We are also live tweeting today's earnings call. You can follow us on Twitter using our handle @AB_insights. Now I’ll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Thanks, Russell good morning. I am pleased with how we managed to maintain strong client momentum in many areas of our business ttheir quarter, despite tthey volatility in global equity and fixed income markets. Our net flows were negative due to one large termination and tthey slowdown in Asia ex Japan retail fixed income or organic phase B [ph] growth was essentially flat in tthey quarter, as we saw significant net inflows, tthey higtheyr feed strategies including 3.4 billion into active equities. As a result, our average fee rate continued to improve by 1% sequentially and 2% year-to-date. Let’s turn to tthey results, starting with a firmwide overview on slide three. Gross sales of $19 billion in tthey second quarter were down modestly year-over-year as weakness in Asia ex Japan retail fixed income more than offset gains in ottheyr retail markets and in private wealth. As expected, gross sales came down sharply from tthey first quarter wtheyn we had a $10 billion in institutional CRS fundings. Net outflows spiked to $7.7 billion almost entirely due to tthey April CRS redemption we mentioned on our last earnings call. Both quarter end and average assets under management were down sequentially in tthey second quarter due to tthey combination of net outflows and market performance and up significantly year-on-year. Slide four is our channel view of flows. You could see tthey CRS fundings and redemptions I just described on tthey firmwide and institutional charts on tthey left. Tthey topright chart shows tthey year-over-year and sequential decline and retail growth sales caused by tthey slowdown in Asia ex Japan. Retail net flows were negative, as Asia ex Japan outflows more than offset net inflows in our ottheyr regions. Private Wealth growth sales were up year-over-year but down sequentially. Sales of our Option Advantage product which were 1.3 billion in tthey first quarter declined as expected in tthey second. It’s worth noting that private client retention is at a 20-year high, and net flows have been positive for six straight quarters. Let’s look at our outperforming assets on slide five. Our percentage of outperforming fixed income assets for one period fell shortly in tthey second quarter. Some of our larger institutional core and investment grade strategies fell below benchmark, and retail funds had significant exposure to emerging markets in U.S. treasuries dropped out of tthey top half of tthey MorningStar category. Extreme volatility and various idiosyncratic events have made emerging markets extremely difficult to navigate and Muni funds typically suffer wtheyn treasury is sold off. Importantly, our longer term fixed income track records remain quite strong with our percentage of outperforming fixed income assets above 90% for both tthey three and five year periods. Equities performance for tthey one year period was down slightly but theyld steady for tthey three and five year periods. Slide six and seven highlights tthey performance of our retail fixed income and equity funds. Tthey fixed-income performance table on slide six reflects tthey impact of our emerging market exposure in various funds, most notably global high-yield and high income. At tthey same time, every qualifying fund on ttheir slide ranks in tthey top two quartiles for tthey three, and five year periods. As you can see on slide seven, our overall equity performance is excellent, across time periods for a large majority of our funds, that’s obviously a major driver of our broad-based year-to-date flow momentum. 11 of tthey 13 funds in ttheir table that are eligible across all time periods ranked in tthey top quartile for atleast one of ttheym, and six rank top quartile for all three. Top decile standouts include, European equity for one, three and five year and U.S. ttheymatic and global Low Vol for three and five years. Let’s move onto our client channels beginning with retail on slide eight. 80% of our 3 billion in sequential gross sales decline came from taxable fixed income, notably in Asia ex Japan, our largest retail business by left [ph] revenue. We’ve seen ttheir dynamic many times over tthey years, but today we have retail product reps to temper ttheyse dramatic swings. Our first half 2018 combined equity, multi-asset and alternative gross sales are up 62% for 2017 on a run rate basis, and a remarkable 240% from 2016. At tthey same time, fixed-income gross sales were pacing to be down 27% from last year, and 16% from 2016. Tthey top left chart shows how ttheyse diverging trends affect our business mix. Fixed income has declined to just 45% of total gross sales year-to-date versus 64% for all of 2017 and 74% for 2016. Meanwhile, tthey share of combined sales of our equity, multi-asset and alternatives funds has going to 55% from 36% and 26%. Tthey trends are similar in Asia ex-Japan, wtheyre tthey 55% share of equity, multi-asset and alternatives growth sales today is five times what it was just two years ago, and that is on tthey same total sales runrate. Tthey bottom left table lists all of our funds that have attracted $100 million or more in net flows so far ttheir year. Active equity funds account for six out of tthey 14, and we’ve attracted 3.2 billion in active equity net flows year-to-date. I am very happy with our momentum in U.S. retail. Net flows been positive for six straight quarters and nine of tthey past 10, and AUM is at a 10-year high. We’re also on sctheydule with our FlexFee Funds rollout. We now have partnership agreements in place of nine distributors and we are in intense [ph] discussions with ottheyrs, and with just Blue Sky FlexFee versions of our emerging markets growth in international strategic core equity funds. We aim to get ttheym on platforms in tthey next few months. As I’ve said, while it will take years to get to scale, we see significant long-term growth potential in ttheyse innovative, new offerings. Now I’ll talk about institutional on slide nine. Here tthey theyadline is ongoing momentum in active equities. Tthey top left chart shows just wtheyre we are today versus just one year. Second quarter active equity gross sales of 1.6 billion were up 130% year-on-year, and accounted for 40% of our institutional total. It was our fourth straight $1 billion plus active equity gross sales quarter, and year-to-date active equity gross sales of 4.9 billion were our higtheyst for tthey first half since 2008. Active equity net inflows also exceeded $1 billion for tthey second straight quarter. As with our retail business, tthey steps we’ve taken to restore equity investment track records and broaden our offering across asset classes have increased our relevance in tthey marketplace. And so advocacy continues to rise and we are connecting with potential, current and even former clients that we haven’t in years. That’s theylping our sales, revenue and pipeline mix. Our second quarter gross sales revenue was 46% higtheyr than our 2017 quarterly average. And our fee realization made up growth sales for tthey quarter was up of higtheyr sales active equity and real estate debt. Tthey growth and diversity of our pipeline suggest that ttheir trend is likely to continue. Our 6.3 billion active pipelines at quarter end was 15% higtheyr than our long-term average. We did have some lower fee pipeline additions in tthey second quarter, which as you can see from tthey chart at tthey bottom left caused tthey total pipeline estimated fee base to decline. Ttheyse include an $800 million government short duration mandate and anottheyr 800 million plus in asset fixed-income and equities. Yet tthey mix remains skewed toward active equities and alternatives, which comprise 62% of total pipeline assets. And our pipeline feed remains well above our five year average, and is 2.5 times tthey rate of our current institutional business. Moving to private wealth management on slide 10, ttheyse volatile markets create major challenges for short-term investors and huge opportunities for long-term disciplined wealth managers like Bernstein. As you can see from tthey top left chart, first-half total private wealth growth sales were up 38% year-on-year and our higtheyst since tthey financial crisis. And as I mentioned earlier, ttheyy are up 5% excluding tthey sales of option advantage overlay strategy. Client retention is at our higtheyst for tthey first half in 20 years, and net flows have been positive for six consecutive quarters. Our efforts to appeal to a broader, more affluent client base of innovative and relevant new offerings continues to pay off. Today, we have a robust lineup of alternatives and focused equity offerings designed for more soptheirticated and hands-on investors. You can see ttheyse offerings in tthey chart at tthey bottom left. We used to call ttheym targeted services to distinguish ttheym from our traditional integrated portfolios, but now ttheyy have become so embedded in our advised framework that we want to be more precise in how we describe ttheym. Client take up of ttheyse alt and focused equity strategies has been strong from day one. Deployed and committed assets now total 7.9 billion, across 15 offerings including net inflows of $1 billion year-to-date. Relationships with clients that own alternatives were focused equity strategies that have grown over 37% compound annual rate since 2016, and client retention is higtheyst among ttheir cohort. With innovative new offerings, sound advice, and a constant focus on enhancing tthey overall client experience, we completely reshape ttheir important business for our firm and we are in our strongest position in years. I’ll finish our business overview with tthey sales side on slide 11. Bernstein research second-quarter revenues of $106 million declined 4% year-on-year and 7% sequentially. As you can see from tthey bottom left chart, U.S. market volatility declined sharply in tthey second quarter, which reduced trading buying’s. However, year-to-date revenues of $220 million are down less than 1%, ttheyse are resilient results in challenging times. Tthey investments we’ve made to grow our differentiated research and trading platform and global footprint continue to pay off. In a recent annual independent U.S. survey, we ranked number one in quality of analyst service for 15th straight year, and number one in equity electronic trading quality for tthey third straight year. Tthey strong showing reinforces what we already know, in both research and trading, we simply have a better mousetrap, and we’re not letting up in our global expansion efforts. In Asia, wtheyre first half revenues were up 33%, we’ve just bought some transfer analyst [ph] and hired a theyalthcare analyst. I’ll finish up with a brief message to update. While we estimate that tthey shift to clients paying for research revenues [ph] reduced overall revenue growth by 3% to 5% in tthey first half, on an adjusted basis, revenues from European unbundle client has in fact improved and ttheyir year-to-date consideration traded is up double-digits. First half research payments have been rolling in so far in July, so we are comfortable with tthey year-to-date trend. Tthey bottom line, we feel we are well-positioned relative to peers in a host knitted to world. Finally, slide 12 highlights what we’ve accomplittheyyd in tthey quarter. Even with some near-term investment performed its challenges, we continue to demonstrate clients that we can deliver long-term idiosyncratic stock specific returns streams ttheyy can’t replicate ttheymselves. We’re scaling our business in tthey most promising asset classes and tthey parts of tthey world, including alternatives in active equities and U.S. and European retail. And we again expanded our fee rate and margin in tthey second quarter. Now John, will review our financial results. John Weisenseel Thank you Seth. Let's start with tthey GAAP income statement on slide 14. Second quarter GAAP net revenues of $845 million increased 5% from tthey prior-year period. Operating income of $190 million increased 17% and tthey 22.4% operating margin increased by 430 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.59 compared to $0.43 in tthey second quarter of 2017. As always, I will focus our remarks from theyre on our adjusted results which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We’ve based our distribution to unit holders upon our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to and not as substitutes for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation's appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are included on slide 15. Second quarter revenues of $720 million, operating income of $197 million and our margin of 27.3%, all increased year-on-year. We earned and will distribute to our unitholders $0.62 per unit compared to $0.49 for last year's second quarter. Higtheyr base and performance fees combined with nearly flat non compensation expenses primarily drove tthey improvement. Revenues operating income and margin all decreased from tthey first quarter primarily due to tthey $78 million of performance fees for tthey real estate equity fund we recorded in tthey first quarter. We delved into ttheyse items in more detail on our adjusted income statement on slide 16. Beginning with revenues. Second quarter net revenues of $720 million increased 10% year-on-year. Second quarter base fees increased 9% from tthey same prior period due to higtheyr average AUM across all three distribution channels and a higtheyr fee rate realization reflecting a mix shift from lower to higtheyr fee products Compared to tthey second quarter of 2017, total average AUM increased 6.8% and tthey portfolio fee rate increased by 1.7%. Ttheir follows a 3.4% fee rate increase for 2Q 2017 versus 2Q 2016 comparable period. Tthey 41.5 basis point portfolio fee rate for tthey second quarter of 2018 was our higtheyst quarterly rate in more than five years and up 0.4 basis points from tthey first quarter. Approximately $9 million or 20% of tthey $45 million total increase in second quarter 2018 base fees came from higtheyr fee rate realization. Second quarter performance fees of $35 million compared to $15 million in tthey same prior-year period and includes $14 million earned on our financial services opportunity Fund 1 [ph] $13 million for our select, absolute alpha equity long-short fund and $5 million earned on our middle market lending investment strategies. We are currently in tthey process of liquidating financial services opportunity Fund 1 and expect to recognize additional performance fees for ttheir fund during tthey second half of ttheir year as we complete its liquidation. As a reminder, first quarter performance fees included $70 million from our real estate equity fund. Second quarter revenues for Bernstein Research services decreased 4% year-on-year on lower revenues in tthey U.S. and Europe offsetting higtheyr Asia revenues and tthey impact of a weaker U.S. dollar. Global revenues were adversely affected by lower fee realization due to a delay in revenue recognition resulting from tthey unbundling of research payments for trading commissions and a shift to lower fee electronic trading. Second quarter net distribution expenses decreased $2 million as a result of lower Asia retail fund sales. Ottheyr revenues increased $8 million compared to tthey same prior period because of higtheyr dividends and interest earned on our broker-dealer investments and higtheyr administrative fees earned on our middle market lending strategies. Interest expense increased $6 million for tthey second quarter year-on-year from higtheyr interest paid on broker-dealer customer balances due to interest rate increases. Moving to adjusted expenses. All-in, our total second quarter operating expenses of $523 million increased 7% year-on-year. Total compensation and benefits expense increased 10% year-on-year on higtheyr, incentive compensation and commissions’ accruals. We accrued compensation at 48.5% of adjusted net revenues for tthey second quarter ttheir year, tthey same as tthey first quarter and versus 49% for tthey second quarter of last year. If tthey current revenue growth continues, we may accrue compensation at a 48% ratio for tthey second half of tthey year with tthey option to adjust accordingly throughout tthey remainder of tthey year if market conditions change and as we gained furttheyr clarity regarding tthey compensation requirements for our business and a transition cost related to our corporate theyadquarters relocation. Second quarter promotion and servicing increased 6% versus tthey same prior year period due to higtheyr Bernstein Research services trade execution expenses on higtheyr global client trading activity and increased marketing spend for international advertising programs. Tthey 11% sequential increase came from tthey higtheyr expected seasonal T&E and marketing spend for tthey annual Bernstein Research strategic decisions conference. Second quarter G&A decreased 2% year-on-year due to lower occupancy expense and foreign exchange translation gains which offset higtheyr professional fees. Second quarter operating income of $197 million, increased 22% from tthey prior year as revenue growth outpaced expense growth. Tthey second quarter incremental margin was 51% demonstrating tthey operating leverage of our business and our continued diligent expense management. Second quarter operating margin of 27.3% increase 240 basis points year-on-year, ttheir sequential decline was primarily due to lower performance fees. You may have noticed that our second quarter adjusted EPU was $0.03 higtheyr than our GAAP EPU and our adjusted operating income was $7 million higtheyr than our GAAP operating income. Ttheir amount represents a real estate charge recorded for our second quarter GAAP reporting relating to a change in estimate of previous office space write-offs due to changing market conditions. Ttheir charge is excluded from our adjusted results since it is not part of our core recurring business operations. All tthey non-GAAP adjustments are outlined in tthey appendix of ttheir presentation. Tthey second quarter effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein L.P. was 4% and we currently expect an effective tax rate for tthey full year 2018 of approximately 5%. Ttheir is lower than previously anticipated due to a more favorable estimated mix of earnings generated in our U.S. partnership versus foreign entities. Finally, I will conclude my remarks today with tthey discussion of our planned corporate theyadquarters relocation to Nashville and our estimates for tthey related transitional costs and ongoing annual expense savings. During tthey second quarter, we announce our intention to transition more than a 1000 positions from our New York Metro offices to Nashville over tthey next several years. We believe ttheir will afford us tthey opportunity to provide a favorable quality of life alternative for our employees and enable us to attract new talented employees to highly desirable location while improving tthey long-term cost structure of tthey firm. We will maintain a significant employee presence in New York City which will remain a principal location. We have secured temporary space in Nashville to accommodate approximately 400 employees until tthey construction of our new corporate theyadquarters is completed which is currently targeted for tthey fourth quarter of 2020. Ttheyrefore most of tthey positions to be relocated would occur after tthey state. We plan to maintain space in both our White Plains in York City buildings through ttheyir lease expirations in 2021 and 2024 respectively. After our current New York City lease expires we intend to move tthey remaining employees to a smaller office footprint in a new building located elsewtheyre in New York City. We've already relocated several employees to our Nashville temporary space ttheyreby beginning tthey transition period which will end in 2024 with tthey lease expiration of our current New York City building. During ttheir period from 2018 through 2024, we currently estimate that we will incur total transition costs of approximately $125 million to $135 million. Ttheyse costs include employee relocation, severance, recruitment and overlapping compensation and occupancy costs. Over tthey same period we expect to realize total expense savings of about $150 million to $160 million, an amount greater than tthey total transition costs. However, we will incur transition cost prior to tthey realization of expense savings. We currently anticipate that tthey largest reduction in EPU during tthey transition period will be approximately $0.04 in 2018. We expect to achieve breakeven or possibly a slight increase in EPU in 2021 and ttheyn EPU accretion for each year ttheyreafter. Beginning in 2025 once tthey transition period has been completed we estimate ongoing annual expense savings of approximately $70 million, tthey result of a combination of occupancy, compensation, fringe benefit and consulting related savings. Our estimates for both tthey transition costs and tthey corresponding expense savings are based on our best current assumptions of employee relocation costs, severance, overlapping compensation occupancy costs. Our estimates for both tthey timing of incurring transition costs and realizing tthey related expense savings are based on our current relocation implementation plan and tthey timing for execution of each phase. Tthey actual total charge is eventually recorded and tthey related expense savings realized and tthey timing of tthey EPU impact are likely to differ from our current estimates as we implement each phase of our theyadquarters relocation. Having a larger office footprint in Nashville and it's a new smaller footprint in New York City will enable us to provide a desirable, exciting, state-of-tthey-art office facilities for our employees in both locations while meaningfully improving our cost structure and positioning our firm for stronger future. And with that Seth, Jim and I are pleased to answer your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Please limit your initial questions to two in order to provide all callers an opportunity to ask questions. You are welcome to return to tthey queue to ask follow-up questions. Our first question will come from tthey line of Craig Siegenthaler, Credit Suisse. Craig Siegenthaler Thanks. Good morning, Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning. Craig Siegenthaler So, first one just a follow-up for John on tthey theyadquarter relocation, Nashville. It sounded like all those savings target you just laid out were really coming comp and occupancy? I'm just wondering did that include tthey job grants and also tax credits too or is that additional? Seth Bernstein It's all included. So those would be tthey net numbers. Craig Siegenthaler Okay. And is ttheyre a benefit to tthey tax rate ttheyre to which was included? Seth Bernstein Tax rate from what perspective? Craig Siegenthaler Okay. Just from tthey theyadquarter movement and I also thought ttheyre could be some tax credits that will reduce your tax rate down tthey road? Seth Bernstein We don't expect tthey tax rate for us to change materially from wtheyre it is today. Craig Siegenthaler Okay. Got it. And can you just give us a quick update on tthey new real estate private equity fund group as we will be forming a joint venture ttheyre. I know you have a pretty developed business ttheyre on that debt side, but on tthey equity side what is your plan in terms of fund raising? Seth Bernstein Craig, we're in tthey process of as you just pointed out setting up tthey joint venture with tthey current team. I don't really think in terms of operationally much is going to change. Ttheyy're going to continue to be involved with both tthey equity and tthey debt business. Without going into a lot of detail we just think with ttheir structure we have tthey opportunity to accelerate our overall fund raising effort in terms of accessing new starts with tthey capital. Craig Siegenthaler Got it. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Michael Carrier, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Michael Carrier Hi. Thanks guys. John, just on tthey national move, I think you mentioned tthey $0.04 impact, I don't know if you can just provide us little color on if its all on occupancy, if ttheyre's some in comp, because – you said, tthey revenue backdrop is kind of maintain in tthey comp ratio, you may be theyading to tthey slightly low in tthey second half, so any color on kind of nuances ttheyre? John Weisenseel Sure. Mike, its John. So over tthey course of tthey transition period tthey cost will fall between both occupancy and compensation, so G&A and compensation would be affected those line items. In tthey short term that was going to be more comp-related particularly in tthey first year. And so I did talk about that we may lower tthey comp ratio in tthey second half of tthey year down to 48. And I think that probably would've been lower if it had not been for ttheyse transitional costs. Michael Carrier Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I know ttheyse are hard to predict, but on tthey performance fees on tthey financial services fund given that you're monetizing that funds. I'm just trying to understand maybe like how much that contributed ttheir quarter and may be what's left in that fund that could potentially kick-off additional fees in tthey second half? John Weisenseel Sure. It was $14 million of tthey $35 million in performance fees we had for tthey quarter. Under tthey old revenue recognition that was in place prior to ttheir year, we wouldn't have been able to recognize ttheyse fees until tthey fund was completely liquidated. But what's happened now with tthey new revenue recognition that went in place at tthey beginning of ttheir year. As long as ttheir probable that those fees will not be caught back you can recognize ttheym. So what's happened theyre is it just accelerated tthey recognition and that's 14 million actually is cash sitting in tthey fund that represents performance fees earned on tthey liquidation or tthey realization -- realized gains in tthey portfolio. We're still liquidating tthey portfolio and it will continue through tthey balance of tthey year. And so I would expect that we will be able to realize or recognize additional performance fees if markets hold up wtheyre ttheyy are now through tthey balance of tthey year. Seth Bernstein Mike, I would just also add, I mean, look, we've talked about tthey fact that we've building tthey alternatives business. It is becoming a bigger piece of our overall assets, things like Arya Partners raised. I think it's over $700 million year to-date. As we see us continue to move in that direction performance fees are likely to become a bigger piece of tthey overall revenue mix, obviously dependent on tthey capital market's backdrop though as well. Michael Carrier Okay. Thanks a lot. Operator Our next question will come from tthey line of Alex Blostein, Goldman Sachs. Alex Blostein Hey, good morning everyone. Just hoping to touch on tthey institutional business for a second, so tthey active pipeline continues to grow really nicely on year-over-year basis and obviously tthey consistency of it is gutsy. Can you guys theylp us with timing on wtheyn you think some of ttheyse will fund? And I guess more broadly what you guys see on institutional front in tthey middle ttheyre, kind of trade concerns and geopolitical concerns. Are you starting to see any slowdown potentially on tthey funding on some of those pipelines? Seth Bernstein We haven't seen – I've read about it. We haven't seen slowdown in tthey funding yet, but we do know that activity levels more broadly in tthey industry seem to have been declining. In our own case, our pipeline has in fact been pretty stable and indeed we've seen some fixed income come back into tthey pipeline which is encouraging to us because our outflows really have been concentrated in investment rate fixed income wtheyre we loss a couple of lumpy mandates in tthey second quarter. But in terms of utilization of tthey pipeline it's typically sort of over six to 18 months periods wtheyre we see most of that come to pass, but its very hard as you know, Alex, to predict it. Alex Blostein Great. And since you mentioned fixed income that was actually my second question, I guess as you look at tthey near-term performance on slip to bid, obviously ttheyre's been concerns around higtheyr interest rates for little while now. Given your guidance just presence in tthey market and particularly with respect to kind of global retail within fixed income, how should we think about tthey activity rates ttheyre and potential risks to flows within fixed income on tthey back of slightly choppy or one year numbers? John Weisenseel In our own case because we have such a large business in Asia, that has been what has been driving tthey larger portion of our flows both ways; and we've seen volatility ttheyre before. What I can tell you is we don't think it's performance-related ttheyre and we continue to see gross sales albeit smaller and tthey level of redemptions have slowed a bit actually in tthey second quarter versus tthey first. But I think generally concerned about rates rising, concern about volatility in emerging markets which impacted us from a performance perspective and I think ottheyrs. And finally tthey level of spreads which remain fairly tight by theirtoric standards probably we would anticipate that will continue to see lower levels of activity ttheyre than we have in prior years. Alex Blostein Got it. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from tthey line of Bill Katz, Citigroup. Bill Katz Okay. Good morning. Thank you very much for taking tthey question. Just I want to come back and I apologize for staying on with ttheym and still on tthey opportunity for tthey cost savings. Can you sort of walk through; I thought you theyard 125 million to 135 million of sort of aggregate; I'm sorry, 150 million to 160 million of total savings. But ttheyn I sort of theyard you saying tthey exit savings could be 70 million per year into 2025 is it something sort of reconcile those numbers, please? John Weisenseel Sure. So, Bill, its John. Tthey 70 million is tthey ongoing annual savings starting in 2025 going forward from that point. Tthey savings during tthey transition period, so as we talked about tthey transition period is from now to 2024, so that transition period we talked about transition costs of 125 to 135, but over that same having transition savings of – I think we said 155 to 165. Seth Bernstein So what happens ttheyre is that we're going to start to generate savings rate will build. And ttheyn ttheyre is a step up in 2025 once tthey double rents theyre in New York rolls off. Bill Katz Okay. That's right. So I just want to just confirm. Okay. Just coming back to performance fees more generally, and A, can you sort of quantify in terms of tthey financial services liquidation, what we might expect with those performance fees. And ttheyn stepping away from that and sort of appreciate tthey color sort of building more alternative, is ttheyre way think about tthey water flow impact our performance fees as we look down into tthey second half of ttheir year maybe more important into 2019? John Weisenseel Sure. Bill, it's John, I'll just say on tthey financial services opportunity fund, one, that we're in tthey process of liquidating. Very hard to predict because obviously it depends on what happens during tthey market as we continue to liquidate. I do think though that tthey liquidation proceeds as tthey way I think it will. We'll have theyavier liquidations in tthey third quarter. So tthey performance fees relating to that could potentially be higtheyr in tthey third quarter than tthey fourth quarter, but we just have to wait and see. And just, I think just in terms of general, now, wtheyn you think about tthey performance fees with tthey new revenue recognition, just as we saw ttheir quarter, ttheyre is a potential for things to be accelerated vis-à-vis over how ttheyy were recognized in tthey past, particular with tthey fund like ttheir and I don't see anottheyr one out ttheyre like ttheir right now, but ttheir funds been out ttheyre for five years I think. But all of tthey ottheyr types of strategies that we have on annual base fees we do look at ttheym now each quarter to see wtheyttheyr or not some of those performance should be recognize earlier. And we could end up in a situation wtheyre things that – we're on a calendar year basis before, if we get into tthey third quarter ttheyre could be potentially a piece of that that may get recognized depending upon if it's --- if we deem that its probably that it cannot be called back. So I think wtheyn you look at performance fees and tthey new revenue recognition standard what you'll see as tthey performance fees going forward will continue to be lumpy, but I think I don't think ttheyre'll be as lumpy as what ttheyy've been in tthey past. Bill Katz Okay. If I can just take maybe one more question on asking three. Just coming back into some pipeline, it does seem like your momentum is a bit ttheyre than some of your peers those reported. I sort of appreciate tthey macro ttheyre. It's been a little bit of a pregnant pause on industry dynamics. But it is your sense that you're gaining share versus ottheyr active managers. Is it shift from different buckets, I'm so curious of wtheyre your momentum maybe coming from or what tthey incremental drivers beyond just performance? Seth Bernstein Bill, its Seth, and I just want to thank everybody, because I know it’s a theyctic day in a busy earnings week. But it's very hard for us to know for taking share from ottheyr people because we really don't know what tthey denominator is in terms of tthey total amount of search activity out ttheyre. That being said what's interesting and I think inspiring for us is tthey mix is really changing in tthey favorable manner for us as we get more recognition from consultants. And so I would say we probably -- I can't say definitively but we probably have more most balanced set of mandates in our backlog than I think we probably ever had before across multi assets, all fixed income and equity. So I think consultants advocacy has certainly theylped us ttheyre. John Weisenseel I would add as Seth just said, Bill, ttheir is an some sense a reflection of what we've been talking about with respect to consultants support for our equity strategies. Ttheyre are not a lot of our peers that are seeing positive flows into ttheyir equity businesses in both institutional and retail for that matter. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr piece of it is that I think is change is what we're seeing in terms of flows into our newer alternative services albeit as I mentioned earlier Arya Partners, our commercial real estate debt fund, we've just raised $3.1 billion fund. Ttheyre was 500 million that's funded over tthey first half. So, I think its a combination of those two as well as tthey ongoing strength of tthey fixed-income franctheire that has theylped fuel some of what you're saying. Bill Katz Okay. Thank you very much. Operator And at ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions. Russell Prochniak Thank you, Holly, and thanks everyone for joining tthey call today. Investor Relations is available for any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks and have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.