AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Mark Griffin - Head, IR Seth Bernstein - President & CEO Bill Siemers - Interim CFO, Controller & CAO Karl Sprules - COO Onur Erzan - Head, Global Client Group & Head, Private Wealth Conference Call Participants Daniel Fannon - Jefferies Craig Siegenthaler - Bank of America John Dunn - Evercore ISI Alex Blostein - Goldman Sachs Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Review. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks, ttheyre will be question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded, and will be available for replay on our website shortly after tthey conclusion of ttheir call. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host for ttheir call Head of Investor Relations for AB, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad. Mark Griffin Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2023 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that's posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. With us today to discuss tthey company's results for tthey quarter are Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; and Bill Siemers, Interim CFO, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Karl Sprules, Chief Operating Officer; and Onur Erzan, Head of Global Client Group and Private Wealth will join us for questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we'll present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I'd like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language on Slide 2 of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our 10-Q, which we filed yesterday. Under Regulation FD management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I'll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning and thank you for joining us today. In tthey second quarter, equity markets continued to rebound with tthey bulk of tthey gains in June led by a small number of large U.S. technology companies. Government bond yields rose amidst generally higtheyr rates and a significant drop in market volatility. We generated net inflows two of three months in tthey quarter led by U.S. retail and our global fixed income platform, both growing at 9% annualized organically. Our municipal SMA platform continued to gain market share growing for tthey 11th of tthey last 12 quarters. Our institutional pipeline grew to $14.4 billion, up 10% sequentially reflecting several active equity wins and our private market AUM ended tthey quarter at $61 billion, up 13% year-over-year apples-to-apples, as still in CarVal had been owned last June 30 and up 5% sequentially. During tthey quarter, Equitable Holdings made its second $10 billion commitment to grow ttheir platform in tthey coming years. Let's get into tthey specifics, starting with a firm-wide overview on Slide 4. Gross sales were $22.4 billion, down $1.5 billion or 6% from tthey year ago period. Firm-wide active net outflows were $4 billion, reflecting $6 billion of pre-announced low fee redemptions early in tthey quarter. Net flows were positive in both May and June. Quarter end assets under management of $692 billion increased by 7% year-over-year and were up 2% sequentially. And average assets under management of $678 billion, was down 1% year-over-year and up 2% sequentially. Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firm-wide second quarter net outflows were $4 billion or a positive $2.2 billion, excluding pre-announced low-fee redemptions of $6.2 billion. Retail growth sales of $16.5 billion declined 5% year-over-year and slightly sequentially. Net outflows were $700 million despite strong demand for taxable and municipal fixed income of 9% and 13% annualized organically, respectively. Our institutional channel had gross sales of $1.5 billion declining from prior quarters. Net outflows were $3.2 billion, reflecting tthey pre-announced low-fee redemptions. In Private Wealth, gross sales were resilient at $4.4 billion driven by money market funds and private alternatives. Net flows were flat in a seasonally slower quarter. Investment performance is shown on Slide 6. Starting with fixed income, developed market government bond yields rose in all major markets, as most major central banks hiked interest rates given persistent core inflation. Global developed market treasury returns were essentially flat. AB's fixed income performance showed meaningful improvement in tthey one-year period, improving to 73% of assets outperforming as both American Income and global high yield funds outperformed. Tthey three and five-year periods remain strong at 76% and 75%, respectively. Investors are showing greater comfort with durations. Tthey Fed appears to near tthey end of its rate hiking cycle. American Income net inflows in tthey quarter were positive $1.5 billion or $4 billion year-to-date. We secured our first systematic U.S. investment grade fixed income client with a $100 million win, a validation of tthey strategy we discussed last quarter, which marries our fixed income technology with our quantitative research. We are initiating a number of ottheyr active conversations wtheyre ttheyre's a preference for higtheyr quality bonds. Now turning to equities. Global equities advanced in tthey second quarter led by a narrow group of stocks seen as big winners from tthey artificial intelligence revolution. During tthey first half of 2023 just 10 U.S. stocks accounted for 79% of tthey S&P 500's gain and 54% of MSCI All Country World Index's gain. Over ttheir time, medium forward PE ratio of tthey 10 largest capitalization stocks in tthey S&P 500 surge by nearly 50% to 28.2x at tthey end of June compared to a median increase of just 7% for tthey rest of tthey market. While we own many of ttheyse companies we were wary of tthey concentration risk of tthey high benchmark weightings in mega cap tech. A risk highlighted earlier ttheir week wtheyn a major benchmark provider carried out a special rebalance of its technology index to reduce tthey weightings of its seven largest constituents. Near-term equity performance was challenged with just 23% of equity assets outperforming over tthey one-year period. Our three-year performance improved 48% while five-year declined to 52% of assets outperforming. Importantly, we continue to outperform our peer group with 65% and 71% of our equity assets outperforming tthey Morningstar peer groups over tthey three and five-year periods respectively. At quarter end, 62% and 65% of our equity assets under management in U.S. and Lux funds respectively were in funds ranked four and five stars. Now, I'll review our client channels beginning with retail on Slide 7. Gross sales of $16.5 billion and our retail channel declined 4% from a year ago and were down 2% sequentially. Tthey redemption rate was slightly higtheyr at 27% versus 25% last quarter, resulting in net outflows of $700 million. We continue to see strong growth in U.S. retail, which posted 9% annualized organic growth driven by taxable fixed income equities and munis. Last quarter, we highlighted our belief that we're in tthey initial innings of a fixed income reallocation. Our Asia business continued to grow bolstered by American Income, which grew sales at 5x year-over-year, driving taxable fixed income net inflows of $1.3 billion or 9% annualized organic growth. Muni sales inflows also continued to be robust with net inflows of $1 billion or 13% annualized organic growth positive for 11 of tthey last 12 quarters. Active equity sales were $8 billion, tthey higtheyst level in four quarters, reflecting strong momentum in U.S. retail for more key strategies. Increased global redemptions resulted in net equity outflows. As shown on tthey bottom right, we ranked in tthey top 2% for cross-border flows for fixed income substantiated by Broadridge, which ranked AB first in Asia for year-to-date fixed income sales and net inflows. We're experiencing a strong start for our ETF launctheys, for which assets under management reactheyd $800 million, having raised approximately $500 million year-to-date balance between retail and Private Wealth channels with sales from well over 100 distributors. Turning to institutional on Slide 8. Second quarter gross sales were $1.5 billion down from both comparable prior periods. Net outflows were $3.2 billion, reflecting previously announced low fee redemption split between our custom target date and fixed income businesses driven by rebalancing. Our pipeline grew to $14.4 billion at quarter end, up 10% sequentially. Additions included a $1.3 billion U.S. large cap growth mandate, which funded earlier in July, and for which annualized fees exceed those of tthey pre-announced redemptions. We saw over $300 million of CarVal additions and a number of additional active equity wins. We're pleased that at tthey imminent close of its latest Clean Energy Fund, AB CarVal have raised approximately $1.5 billion, which is triple tthey size of its first Clean Energy Fund. Notably Equitable announced at its May Investor Day, a second $10 billion multi-year commitment to AB's private markets platform. Tthey initial $10 billion program announced in mid-2021 is now 75% deployed. Moving to Private Wealth on Slide 9. Second quarter gross sales were resilient at $4.4 billion, up 35% year-over-year, while down 23% from a seasonally strong first quarter. We continue to experience strong sales and money market funds in private alts. While second quarter nets were essentially flat on a year-to-date basis, ttheyy've grown at a 3.4% annualized organically double tthey rate of tthey prior year period. Our AUM growth from business sales well outpaced tthey industry as measured by M&A volumes, and tthey pre-transaction planning pipeline remains solid. We continue to see sustained growth in tthey ultra-high net worth $20 million and over category. Year-to-date alternative raises of $1.3 billion were well diversified across strategies including secondaries, private credit, real estate equity, and clean energy, and our proprietary direct indexing strategy grew to $3 billion, posting strong annualized organic growth of 35%. I'll finish our business overview with tthey sell-side on Slide 10. Second quarter Bernstein Research revenues of a $92 million decreased by 14% year-over-year and 8% sequentially. Industry-wide global institutional equity trading volumes remain constrained with investors reluctant to turn over portfolios in tthey face of continuing market and economic uncertainty. Research ctheycks were up at Autonomous for tthey quarter. We launctheyd coverage from four global sectors ttheir past quarter, three in tthey EU and one in Japan. Our 39th Vincentual Strategic Decisions Conference was a resounding success with over 1,200 clients and nearly 150 companies attending. Our joint venture with Societe Generale announced last November is proceeding. Tthey timeframe for closing has been extended into tthey first half of 2024, and we remain highly confident that we will obtain necessary regulatory approvals. Tthey economics are essentially unchanged and we anticipate disclosing furttheyr financial details closer to that time. I'll conclude by reviewing tthey status of our strategic initiatives on Slide 11. Performance and fixed income improved, while equities near-term performance lagged versus capitalization weighted benchmarks. Tthey second quarter was led by 9% annualized organic growth in fixed income, and we gained market share across retail, taxable, and municipal categories, including muni SMA. We had several active equity wins, which grew tthey institutional pipeline. In private markets, we progressed toward tthey imminent close of AB CarVal's latest Clean Energy Fund at $1.5 billion 3x its predecessor fund. We were pleased to participate in Equitable's May Investor Day, at which Equitable announced its second $10 billion permanent capital commitment to growth of our private markets platform. Additionally, we outlined at that meeting that at current market levels we had visibility to 350 basis points to 500 basis points of margin expansion through tthey 2027 horizon period. Ttheir reflects tthey margin benefit of tthey Bernstein Research deconsolidation about 200 basis points to 250 basis points, tthey completion of tthey Nashville relocation about a 100 basis points to 150 basis points in additions to savings already realized, and tthey growth of private markets and ottheyr investments about 50 basis points to 100 basis points. Second quarter financial comparisons reflected lower assets under management versus tthey prior year period. Adjusted operating income declined by 3%. Adjusted operating margin was 27%, and adjusted earnings and unitholder distributions were $0.61 per unit down 14% versus tthey prior year. Now, I'll turn tthey call over to Bill Siemers to discuss tthey financials. Bill? Bill Siemers Thanks, Seth. Let's start with a GAAP income statement on Slide 13. Second quarter GAAP net revenues of $1 billion, increased 4% from tthey prior year period. Operating income of $189 million decreased 2% and operating margin of 18.4% decreased by 420 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.53 in tthey quarter decreased by 23% year-over-year. I'll focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. Our adjusted results now reflect interest expense below tthey operating income line, wtheyreas previously interest expense was above tthey operating income line. Ttheir was done to improve tthey comparability of our adjusted operating margins with our peer group. We base our distribution to unitholders on our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to and not as a substitute for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation Appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are shown on Slide 14, which I'll touch on as we talk through tthey P&L shown on Slide 15. On Slide 15, beginning with revenues. Net revenues of $823 million increased 1% versus tthey prior year period and were down 1% sequentially. Base fees were flat versus tthey prior year period as 2% lower average AUM was offset by a higtheyr fee rate. Tthey second quarter fee rate of 40.0 basis points increased 2% year-over-year, driven primarily by tthey addition of higtheyr fee rate carve-out base fees. Sequentially tthey fee rate was down less than 1%. As we experienced unfavorable mix shift in a risk-off environment with net inflows in lower fee rate fixed income AUM including money markets. Looking forward, we expect tthey fee rate to improve sequentially based on asset mix reflecting improved markets. Second quarter performance fees of $15 million declined by $3 million from tthey prior year period due to lower real estate equity and strategic equity fees, partially offset by higtheyr fees on private credit services. Given current marketing conditions, we continue to see full-year 2023 performance fees roughly in line with tthey prior year level. Second quarter revenues for Bernstein Research Services decreased 14% from tthey prior year period, driven by a decline in customer trading activity in tthey U.S., Europe, and Asia as investors remain cautious given tthey macroeconomic backdrop. Ttheir quarter, we are breaking out dividend and interest revenue, which at $46 million increased by $34 million year-over-year, reflecting tthey higtheyr interest rate environment and higtheyr average balances. Netting against ttheir is broker/dealer related interest expense associated with our Private Wealth brokerage clients. Interest expense of $26 million increased by $17 million year-over-year due to higtheyr interest rates and was down $2 million sequentially. Moving to adjusted expenses. All-in, our total second quarter operating expenses of $601 million increased by 2% year-over-year and we're up 1% sequentially. Total comp and benefit expense increased by 4% from tthey prior year period, reflecting a higtheyr compensation ratio of 49.5% of adjusted net revenues as compared with 48.0% in tthey prior year period, and a 1% increase in revenues. Regarding theyadcount, excluding tthey 284 previously outsourced India staff whom we onboarded in tthey first quarter and tthey CarVal acquisition theyadcount declined year-over-year, reflecting tthey previously announced 4% reduction in February 2023. Taking a step back, global equity markets continue to rally throughout tthey second quarter, which is encouraging. That said, ttheyre is a lag effect as average AUM and revenues catch up, particularly wtheyn comparing on a year-over-year basis. As well, we continue to manage tthey business with a balance perspective, recognizing uncertainty remains in tthey current environment. We continue to believe that our full-year 2023 compensation to revenue ratio will be towards tthey higtheyr end of tthey theirtorical 47% to 50% range. We plan to accrue at a 49.5% compensation ratio in tthey third quarter, and as we typically do, we'll true-up tthey full-year ratio in tthey fourth quarter as full-year revenues crystallize. We plan to pay competitively based on performance giving our people are tthey most important asset. Promotion and servicing costs decreased by 10% from tthey prior year period due to lower trade execution, marketing, advertising and transfer fees. Promotion and servicing costs increased 11% sequentially driven by higtheyr T&E, seasonal firm meetings, including tthey Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference in early June. For tthey full-year, we continue to target promotion and servicing spend to be up lower-single-digits. G&A expenses increased 3% in tthey second quarter versus tthey prior year period due to higtheyr office-related expenses and professional fees, which were partially offset by a favorable foreign exchange impact. Sequentially G&A expenses increased 5% due to an unfavorable foreign exchange impact, higtheyr portfolio services, related expenses, office-related expenses, technology-related expenses, and professional fees. For tthey full-year, we continue to target G&A growth below inflation levels up low-single-digits. Second quarter adjusted operating income of $222 million, decreased by 3% versus tthey prior year period and was down 7% sequentially. Second quarter operating margin of 27.0% was down a 100 basis points year-on-year. As shown at footnote two on ttheir slide, interest expense, which is now below tthey adjusted operating margin line increased by $12 million from tthey prior year period, reflecting higtheyr interest rates and higtheyr average debt balance and increased $1 million sequentially reflecting higtheyr interest rates. As outlined in tthey Appendix of our presentation, second quarter earnings excludes certain items which are not part of our core business operations. In tthey second quarter, adjusted operating earnings were $33 million above GAAP operating earnings due to acquisition-related expenses including CarVal intangible amortization and due to interest expense. Non-GAAP EPU was $0.08 above GAAP EPU primarily reflecting acquisition-related expenses. Tthey second quarter effective tax rate for ABLP was 5.3%. Our guidance for effective tax rate in 2023 remains approximately 5.5% to 6%. We continue to expect Nashville relocation will be accretive for tthey full-year 2023 with compensation-related savings more than offsetting increased occupancy costs. With that update, we are pleased to answer your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Daniel Fannon with Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Daniel Fannon Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to follow-up on tthey longer-term margin outlook as you highlighted at tthey Investor Day. And maybe if you could bifurcate tthey segments that, that are going to contribute to that. And as I think about tthey timeframe given even tthey quarter push-out of Bernstein as well as I believe most of tthey national savings should be done by next year. Shouldn't we really see ttheir kind of transition closer to tthey 2024 and 2025 as we just think about tthey natural evolution of those things flowing through your income statement? Bill Siemers Hey, Dan, it's Bill. Yes, just to -- ttheyre's definitely a timing difference ttheyre and that's what wtheyn we said that in tthey Investor Day that ttheyse are end targets by 2027, but yes, tthey Bernstein pickup of 200 basis points to 250 basis points now that's not going to be fully realized next year. So ttheyre'll only be a piece of that next year according to wtheyn we close. But ttheyn going forward in 2025 and beyond that, that would take effect. As to tthey relocation of 100 basis points to 150 basis points, tthey most of tthey Nashville is done. We're still fitting that out, but primarily tthey big pickup ttheyre is all predicated on tthey New York move wtheyn we get out of 1345 and go to Hudson Yard. And so that's going to happen in tthey fourth quarter of 2024. So again, same thing, it's going to be 2025 forward. And ttheyn tthey Private Wealth and growth investments I mean should start slowly taking effect as soon as we can ttheir year into next year and all that, but we can't really say wtheyn exactly that's going to be fully realized. Daniel Fannon Understood. Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn following-up on your comments on tthey fee rate outlook, I think you said near-term, some improvement in clearly beta is going to theylp with tthey flow through of end of period versus average, but as you look at tthey backlog, you look at kind of investor trends with fixed income potentially being a bigger source of flows with higtheyr rates, even as your kind of private markets business picks up. Do you still -- is ttheyre as those trends that that change and investor dynamics shift, do you still see kind of a longer-term fee rate backdrop being constructive if we see more of that fixed income demand pickup? Bill Siemers I mean, currently we're seeing, we think we'll modestly improve throughout tthey year. I mean that's in based on tthey pipeline split between higtheyr fee active equities and alternatives. Right now tthey pipeline's at 59 bps, which is about 3x higtheyr than tthey normal fee rate in tthey institutional channel. I mean, but at tthey same time you have to worry about it's all on timing of tthey fundings ttheyre could be a funding in ttheyre of low fee custom target date mandate, which definitely has lower fees. I mean, so it -- ttheyre is risk in ttheyre that is not -- it's not all perfect of active equities and alternatives. Anybody want to add anything furttheyr ttheyre? Onur Erzan Yes. Yes. Thanks, Bill. It's Onur. I'll add two minor points. Number one, in fixed income, obviously we have a strong Asia taxable fixed income franctheire in retail that tends to be pretty high fees in tthey about 50 basis points level for American Income and definitely even higtheyr for global high yield. So within fixed income, we participate in high peak categories, particularly in Asia. So that should be a factor ttheyn, number one. Number two, as you might have followed, our U.S. retail continues to grow at a very high organic rate. So even though we might be adding at times lower fee assets like muni SMAs on an overall basis, it lifts tthey overall revenue. So we are very pleased with tthey net revenue additions in U.S. retail, which comes through very high organic growth rate. So that's tthey ottheyr overlay I would that. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Alex, your line may be on mute. Your next question will come from tthey line of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Craig Siegenthaler Good morning, Seth. Hope you and tthey team are doing well. Seth Bernstein Thank you, Craig. Craig Siegenthaler So I got a bond question for you. Tthey Fed is still raising rates and ttheir looks like it's partially delaying tthey recovery and bond flows, although yours have been improving. So if tthey Fed needs to keep raising rates, how do you ttheyn think about tthey bond reallocation trend in tthey second half and any commentary across channel or product including tax force, munis and vehicle be theylpful too? Seth Bernstein Okay. Thank you, Craig, for tthey question. In my view, we're much closer to tthey end than to tthey beginning, of course, stating tthey obvious in tthey Fed's cycle. And as Wednesday's comments from Chair Powell, I think indicated. And so I do think people are increasingly confident we're seeing interest not just from Asian on investors, Asian retail investors to begin to reallocate back, and it's been pretty consistent for us for a while now. But we're also seeing interestingly, public institutional demand as well and we're seeing it even in tthey insurance pace wtheyre we see opportunities for ttheym to extend duration and credit. But that being said, Craig, to your point, if we should have a nasty surprise with subsequent inflation readings and tthey Fed needs to continue raising that will put off that bonds are back by one or more quarters. But actually just given tthey trends in tthey economic reporting that we've seen of late, it seems less likely that that's tthey risk we're facing. I guess one final point I'd raise, I may turn it over to Onur to add if they had some comments. We continue to see muni interest by U.S. retail much strong, not as strong as it was in tthey first quarter, but continues positive and strong for us, and performance is quite good ttheyre. And remember, we really haven't seen as an industry strong muni demand for a long time. And I do think that continues because tthey thirst for income is really unquenchable. Onur Erzan Yes. Thanks, Seth. It's Onur again. I'll just add obviously market share gains matter. As Seth pointed out, we continue to gain market share in segments of fixed income, particularly tax exempt in U.S. retail. And our expansion of vehicles should only theylp that both on tthey different flavors of SMAs, particularly tthey customized SMAs and tax exempt that has strong distribution followership, as well as tthey growing range of ETFs, which are off to a very good start, as Seth mentioned in their remarks. So for instance, in fixed income, we expect to end tthey year with a larger number of fixed income ETFs, even greater than tthey three fixed income ETFs we have today. So that will theylp with tthey vehicle expansion as well. Craig Siegenthaler Thanks, Onur. For my follow-up, I just want to go a little deeper on tthey muni side because you are gaining lots of share ttheyre and industry flows are still a little negative, but you're putting up really impressive organic growth. So what factors are really driving that delta and how sustainable do you think ttheyse share gains are into 2024? Onur Erzan Absolutely. So we believe we have structural strengths and advantages. Ttheir is supported by a number of factors, number one, we invested significantly in our fixed income technology all tthey way from trading onto tthey backend portfolio construction. So as a result, we believe we have a differentiated set of technologies that makes our SMA platform very competitive. On back of those technical capabilities and strength that's recognized by tthey markets, we have been expanding our distribution relationships, not only in our traditional distribution partners in tthey national wires as well as regional broker dealers, but ttheyre's definitely growing uptake from RIAs, which is definitely a high growth channel for us. And as I mentioned, adding more vehicles like ETFs will only accelerate that opening new doors in channels like RIA. So feeling quite good about our structural strengths and expanding capabilities to continue to drive market share. Again, it's hard to be very precise in terms of a quarter of two. I'm very bullish on tthey long-term prospects. I don't have any reasons to believe tthey next two quarters will be weaker but hard to be very precise on tthey exact quarter dynamics. Seth Bernstein I think I would also add, Craig, that maybe turning weakness into a strength while our investment performance in munis is superb at nearly all of it is four or five star rated. Tthey fact is we were quite underpenetrated in tthey muni mutual fund space, and it's ttheyre wtheyre you're seeing structurally much less interest with tthey advent of ETFs. And I think frankly, more importantly as wealthier people tend to be tthey buyers, tthey advent and growth, widespread growth of separately managed accounts, which we manage in a predominantly automated fashion. And I think it's really provided a competitive advantage for us. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from tthey line of John Dunn with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. John Dunn Thanks. Good morning. You talked about in tthey retail channel, U.S. equity is doing well. Can you kind of frame maybe if ttheyre's any difference between overseas redemptions is that going to continue going forward, or what was that kind of one-time? Onur Erzan I can take on that John. Hi, Onur again. In terms of tthey retail equity strength, it goes back to some of tthey investments we are making across different vehicles. I touctheyd on already SMAs and ETFs. But anottheyr structural strength category for us has been CITs, wtheyre we increasingly deploy commingled investment trust kind of structures with our retail partners, which is a very a persistence business with typically low redemption rates, given tthey high duration of defined contribution assets in retail. So that is definitely contributing to some of tthey momentum in retail. Overseas, again, very broad. It's hard to generalize. I think tthey one geography that lost a little bit of momentum particularly in tthey first quarter was Japan. We picked up more sales momentum in tthey second quarter. So like it'll depend on a lot of different factors, what happens with tthey currency. Obviously it matters as well as some of tthey broader equity market outlook. But definitely structural strengths in U.S. retail with tthey vehicles. And if you look at tthey institutional pipeline as we talked about, institutional pipeline has a theyalthy equity composition and ttheyn pre-pipeline, we are definitely having a lot of good dialogue on tthey institutional side with a wide range of equity strategies as well. So that's I think how I would summarize tthey outlook. John Dunn Got you. And ttheyn just thinking about tthey second half for Private Wealth, you talked about munis. Can you kind of frame what ottheyr products you think are going to potentially drive positive flows in tthey back half of tthey year? Onur Erzan Sure. We have a very good first half in terms of alternatives in our Private Wealth channel. As you know, we have been using alternatives particularly private credit, private equity secondaries, real estate in our client portfolios for a long time. So we will have new strategies that we launch in our Private Wealth channel. For instance, our new interval fund that we will launch out of tthey CarVal platform will be available in tthey second quarter. So that will be one example and we'll continue to see flows into our evergreen vehicles as well, wtheyttheyr it's our real estate REIT product or tthey private credit BDC those are a few examples. We saw continued interest in our direct indexing platform. We call it PAT [ph] we exceeded $3 billion in assets in that platform in Private Wealth. So that is a good tax management capability given tthey increase in tthey equity markets that will continue to be a handy and useful strategy. So I'm bullish about that in tthey second half of tthey year. And ttheyn we continuously adding our ETFs into our platform and definitely that will be anottheyr kind of expansion of tthey platform. So all in all, starting with July, we see good interest from our clients. Tthey big obviously unknown is how fast we can convert some of tthey money market and fund assets to higtheyr yielding strategies. We have taken action on tthey money market pricing as well, so that's good news. But obviously whatever you do outside money market funds is even higtheyr yielding from a revenue perspective. So that's tthey ottheyr backdrop theyre. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Alex Blostein Oh, theyy guys, good morning. Sorry for phone issues earlier. Tthey institutional pipeline continues to build pretty strongly, and obviously tthey fee rate has been very robust as we've seen for tthey last couple of quarters with tthey market getting a little bit on stronger footing and kind of tthey rally broadening out a little bit. How are you thinking about tthey timing of institutions funding ttheir pipeline? Should we expect that to accelerate a little bit over tthey next 12 months? And maybe some color in terms of which strategies are likely to hit first would be theylpful. Thanks. Seth Bernstein Why don't I start? But Onur, I think is probably better positioned to give specific color on it. It was up, tthey pipeline was up about $1.3 billion quarter -- in tthey quarter and we funded about $1.2 billion Alex, which I think is important because we continue to see realizations ttheyre, which have been theylpful. And it very much is comprised, well, it's across tthey firm, but really all to predominate with -- certainly with respect to tthey fee rate of not tthey actual AUM involved in it. We continue to see fundings moving forward ttheyre, while it had slowed earlier in tthey year, we're beginning to see people funding on a pretty consistent basis. CarVal is just or is about to complete its Clean Energy Fund. It's imminent, it's -- I think it's triple tthey size of ttheyir original fund. Ttheir is ttheyir second and we're launching eittheyr ttheyir flagship fund, credit fund, fix now, and that's about a year. So those will be coming on slowly as ttheyy find opportunities to invest that money. But perhaps Onur, you could give some additional color. Onur Erzan No, absolutely. Number one, again, to be factual, in July, we funded that, that one large kind of mandate that we had talked about. So definitely that was deployed very quickly over $1 billion mandate in equities. So that is a good sign to your point, Alex. In terms of tthey broader pipeline, I mean in general I think it's going to move atheyad with like normal speed, I would say. I don't see anything that is particularly accelerated or slowing down. A good chunk of tthey pipeline is also alternatives with Equitable again, that's moving atheyad with tthey commitments we have, which also Equitable made public in ttheyir Investor Day as we are well aware. So all in all, I think we are making good progress with tthey pipeline. So ttheyre are no speed bumps that I can see. And July I think has a couple of good data points that suggest that institutional investors are moving atheyad with ttheyir equity commitments and funding ttheym. Alex Blostein Great. Thank you, Onur. For tthey follow-up, you mentioned Equitable actually I was going to go ttheyre next. So super encouraging obviously to get that $10 billion commitment from ttheym for sort of tthey next trancthey or tthey partnership. Can you spend a couple of minutes on maybe how ttheyy're thinking about allocating tthey $10 billion and also about what timeframe you're -- you realistically think that could be deployed through tthey AllianceBernstein franctheire? Thanks. Seth Bernstein Yes. To be specific and my team will correct me if I'm wrong, but I think tthey Equitable and its Investor Day cited through 2027, I believe was ttheyir timeframe. And that is predicated on ttheym growing ttheyir general account as well. We have been in active conversations about new structured credit strategies, for example, and new areas of investment that pick up our both CarVal as well as our middle market lending group and ottheyrs ttheyy continue to be quite supportive in our commercial real estate debt area wtheyre we see obviously a much more interesting buyer's market to play in. And so it -- ttheyy will be very methodical and ttheyy will roll out progressively over tthey next several years. So it's hard for me to gauge because it's not only tthey timing of getting it through ttheyir approval process and setting up tthey structure, but it's also tthey team's finding opportunities to deploy it. And finally, of course ttheyre's a private placement debt element of that, which is investment grade principally which has always been a part of our mix, and will continue to be part of what Equitable is interesting in doing, given ttheyir very strong quality orientation for tthey GA. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin, I turn tthey call back over to you. Mark Griffin Perfect. Thank you, everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your time. If you have any additional questions, please reach out to Investor Relations and have a great day.