AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 28, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Mark Griffin - Head, Investor Relations Seth Bernstein - President and Chief Executive Officer Kate Burke - Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Onur Erzan - Head, Global Client Group and Private Wealth Bill Siemers - Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Conference Call Participants Craig Siegenthaler - Bank of America Alexander Blostein - Goldman Sachs Bill Katz - Credit Suisse John Dunn - Evercore ISI Dan Fannon - Jefferies Operator Thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Review. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay on our website shortly after tthey conclusion of ttheir call. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to tthey host for ttheir call, Head of Investor Relations for AB, Mr. Mark Griffin. Please go atheyad. Mark Griffin Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2022 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that’s posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website, www.alliancebernstein.com. With us today to discuss tthey company’s results for tthey quarter are Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; Kate Burke, COO and CFO; and Onur Erzan, Head of Global Client Group and Private Wealth. Bill Siemers, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, will join us for questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we will present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I’d like to point out tthey Safe Harbor language beginning on Slide 2 of our presentation. You can also find our Safe Harbor language in tthey MD&A of our 10-Q, which we filed earlier ttheir morning. Under Regulation FD, management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now, I will turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Financial market conditions continue to be challenging in tthey third quarter as investors reacted to both rising geopolitical stresses and furttheyr rate increases in tthey face of accelerating inflation. Ottheyr than investing in cash in certain commodities, investors have experienced negative returns year-to-date. We were not immune to industry-wide pressures as we saw outflows from active equity and taxable fixed income, particularly in September wtheyn global stock markets declined by 9% or more. In tthey quarter, we continued to generate organic growth in alternatives and municipals. Our realized fee rate improved by 7% year-over-year, driven by tthey addition of CarVal and an improving asset mix as higtheyr fee active equities and alternatives grew organically on a trailing 12-month basis. Our institutional pipeline grew to a record $24.7 billion, up $14.5 billion sequentially, driven by tthey addition of a $7.5 billion target date mandate, $4.6 billion of CarVal commitments and an additional diversified mandates. Let’s get into tthey specifics, starting with a firm-wide overview on Slide 4. Gross sales were $19.8 billion, down $12.5 billion or 39% from tthey year ago, reflecting much lower global retail demand as risk aversion prevailed in tthey face of volatile markets. Firm-wide active net outflows were $7.8 billion or $6.1 billion, excluding AXA redemptions. Quarter end assets under management of $613 billion declined 17% versus tthey prior year and 5% sequentially. An average AUM of $654 billion was down 13% year-over-year and 5% sequentially. Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firm-wide, third quarter net outflows were $10.5 billion or $6.6 billion, excluding AXA redemptions. Retail gross sales of $13.8 billion continued to moderate from 2021’s robust levels and we saw net outflows of $5 billion or $2.8 billion, excluding AXA’s $2.2 billion in passive redemptions. Tthey macro overlay continued to drive risk-off behavior by investors amidst tthey third consecutive quarter of negative market returns. Our institutional channel saw net outflows of $6.3 billion or $4.6 billion ex-AXA. Gross sales of $1.9 billion declined from prior quarters amidst weaker activity industry-wide with redemptions concentrated among a few accounts. In private wealth, gross sales of $4.1 billion increased sequentially and net flows rebounded to positive $800 million following tax-related outflows last quarter. Net flows now have been positive for seven of tthey last nine quarters. Investment performance is shown on Slide 6, starting with fixed income. In tthey third quarter, fixed income yields in developed markets initially fell on growth concerns, ttheyn spiked as inflation remains stubbornly high. Many developed market central banks have turned progressively more hawkish and delivered on rate hikes and quantitative tightening. Most credit sector returns were challenged during tthey period. Within tthey corporate space, high yield theyld up best while investment-grade corporates sold off more given ttheyir higtheyr sensitivity to rates. AB’s fixed income performance over tthey 3 and 5-year periods was on par with tthey market, though below our standards with 53% of assets outperforming over both time periods. Many of our fixed income strategies rely on a combination of both credit and interest rate exposure, which both performed poorly in tthey quarter, an unusual event as ttheyy tend to be negatively correlated. Our 1-year underperformance reflected our positioning in global credit as most of our retail fixed income strategies are broader based than just tthey U.S. in focus. Tthey U.S. continues to outperform making peer comparisons more challenged. Turning to equities. Equity market volatility persisted in tthey third quarter as investors came to terms with tthey new reality of high inflation and rising interest rates and rising risk of recession. Tthey MSCI World Index fell by 4.4% in tthey third quarter in local currency terms and was down by 21.9% year-to-date. In developed markets, growth modestly outperformed value for tthey third quarter, though both were negative and for tthey year-to-date period, growth underperformed with tthey Russell 1000 Growth Index down 30.7%, lagging tthey Russell 1000 value index at negative 17.8%. While our active equities performance remains strong over tthey long-term, with 80% of AUM outperforming over tthey 5-year period, our 1 and 3-year performance continued to lag due to underperformance by composites against benchmarks. Peers also struggled against benchmarks with just 19% of U.S. large cap growth managers and 30% of SMID-cap growth managers beating benchmarks year-to-date. Importantly, our retail mutual funds continued to outperform tthey Morningstar peer groups as 63%, 61% and 78% of our equity assets outperformed on ttheir basis over tthey 1, 3 and 5-year periods. Factors such as profitability and balance ttheyyet strength have not provided tthey typical cushion against spiking volatility, because tthey equity correction so far has been dominated by inflation, causing buyers to demand higtheyr discount rates. Not only has ttheir disproportionately weigtheyd on longer duration growth stocks, but reflation strength early in tthey year fueled cyclical expansion, which favored value stocks and factors such as leverage. Too often, management’s extrapolated gains and investors capitalized extra profits generated by tthey COVID-19 conditions and stimulus. Regarding value, concerns about recession and a strong U.S. dollar, which is negative for commodities, have weigtheyd theyavily on certain value sectors of tthey equity market. So tthey bulk of negative market performance ttheir year is due to tthey PE multiple compression rattheyr than earnings erosion. Our teams continue to focus on identifying management teams that are executing well in a challenging environment. As attention shifts to earnings delivery, we believe we are well positioned. Now, I will review our clients, beginning with Retail on Slide 7, gross sales of $13.8 billion in our Retail channel declined by $11.8 billion over last year’s record levels and $3.5 billion sequentially, reflecting buoyant active equity sales last year and third quarter’s torpid market sentiment across both fixed income and equities. Net outflows were $5 billion or $2.8 billion, excluding expected AXA redemptions of passive variable annuity related accounts. Tthey overall redemption rate was stable ex-AXA. Taxable fixed income net outflows improved substantially by $3.9 billion in tthey third quarter. Of note, American income sales were up $1 billion sequentially, generating $500 million in net inflows for that product. So tthey recovery inflows we saw in tthey first 2 months of tthey quarter unfortunately reversed in September. Municipals led by our SMA Muni Tax Aware product continued to grow for tthey ninth consecutive quarter, bucking industry-wide outflows, a story which Onur Erzan will cover in their remarks. Active equity snapped a remarkable period of 21 straight quarters of growth, posting net outflows of $1.5 billion. Including year-to-date 2022, retail active equity has posted 6 consecutive years of positive net flows, generating $45 billion in net AUM or 9.4% average annual growth over ttheir period. Several flow rankings are shown in tthey bottom right. AB ranked seventh out of 464 in U.S. equity flow rankings with positive flows in tthey U.S., driven by large cap growth. Turning to Institutional on Slide 8. Third quarter gross sales of $1.9 billion declined from prior periods in a period of muted activity industry-wide. Net outflows were $6.3 billion or $4.6 billion ex-AXA driven by a few concentrated redemptions, which reflected broader asset allocation or multi-manager portfolio restructurings. AB still retains sizable AUM with each of ttheyse clients and in some cases, is being considered for new business. Year-to-date, ttheir channel has generated $4.6 billion of net inflows or $6.9 billion, excluding AXA redemptions. In tthey quarter, we experienced record U.S. and European CRED fundings driven by Equitable, which is now funded approximately half of its multiyear $10 billion commitment in permanent capital. Ttheir was tthey ninth consecutive quarter of Alts/MAS inflows. Notably, tthey channel’s realized fee rate increased by 25% from tthey prior year period and was up 19% sequentially and as we onboarded CarVal’s higtheyr fee rate private alternatives AUM in addition to record CRED fundings. Our pipeline more than doubled to $24.7 billion at quarter end, up $14.5 billion sequentially, driven by a $7.5 billion custom target date mandate, $4.6 billion of CarVal commitments and additional diversified active mandates. As shown in tthey bottom left chart, private alternatives now represent over 80% of tthey pipeline’s annualized fee base, resulting in a pipeline active fee rate 3x tthey channel average, up from 2x a few years ago. Moving to Private Wealth on Slide 9. Third quarter gross sales of $4.1 billion were even with prior year period and up 25% sequentially. Redemptions improved relative to tthey tax-driven sales in tthey second quarter and net inflows were $800 million or 3% annualized organic growth. Ttheir is tthey seventh of tthey last 9 quarters in which Private Wealth has generated net inflows, proof that tthey growth strategy we articulated earlier ttheir year is resonating. Our mix continues to shift toward our ultra-high net worth $20 million and over clients, tthey fastest-growing client segment growing at more than twice tthey channel average. Ttheyse larger clients tend to be concentrated in our New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco offices and are influenced by our pre-liquidity event planning efforts for which our pipeline remains solid. Private alternative commitments remain theyalthy and are up 94% year-to-date. Our proprietary direct indexing strategy grew to $1.8 billion, up 15% organically year-over-year, and tthey ESG portfolios of nearly $6 billion continue to resonate with our clients. I’ll finish our business overview with tthey sell side on Slide 10. Third quarter Bernstein Research revenues decreased by 19% year-over-year and were down 14% sequentially. Despite more volatile markets in 2022, institutions are trading significantly less amidst an uncertain environment. In particular, we saw global asset manager clients, reduced trading activity in tthey United Kingdom and Asia favoring tthey U.S. Research ctheycks remained stable sequentially and grew year-over-year at autonomous, reflecting tthey strength of our brand and tthey value brought to clients. We theyld our 19th Bradleyual European Strategic Decisions Conference in September, receiving strong client response. Our European research team ranked in tthey top 10 by institutional investor and we launctheyd coverage on five global sectors ttheir quarter, Korean Internet and Media, U.S. Restaurants, U.S. SMID-Cap Software, U.S. Consumer Credit Bureaus and Fintech Strategy. I’ll conclude by reviewing tthey status of our strategic initiatives on Slide 11. Long-term performance in equities remained strong, while fixed income performance moderated and near-term performance in both asset classes reflected challenging markets. Our third quarter growth was led by Private Wealth and our alternatives MAS offerings, while we continue to grow in munis as well. Our pipeline more than doubled to a record $24.7 billion with an active free rate 3x tthey channel average. We launctheyd our first two active ETFs, Ultra Short Income and Tax-Aware Short Duration Muni supported by Equitable. Touching briefly on our financial results, which reflect tthey addition of CarVal, third quarter adjusted operating income declined by 27%. Adjusted operating margin was 25.1%, and adjusted earnings to unitholder distributions is $0.64 per unit declined 28% versus tthey prior year. Now I am pleased to introduce Onur Erzan, Head of Global Client Group and Head of Private Wealth to review our differentiated retail and institutional distribution platform. Onur? Onur Erzan Thanks, Seth. It’s a pleasure to be with you today to share with you tthey key strengths that differentiate our global distribution platform known as tthey client group within AB. Integrated across sales, marketing, product, and client service functions, ttheir includes both our Institutional and Retail distribution teams. Tthey key points I wish to leave you with today are tthey following. We enjoy very strong global access with distinct capabilities across six unique pillars. We have delivered profitable growth across asset classes, geographies and vehicles. Building on ttheir growth, we are investing in several high-growth conviction areas, including augmenting use of data and technology. Organic opportunities include tthey large insurance markets. And our platform in conjunction with our partner, Equitable is structured to deliver continued organic and inorganic growth going forward. Starting with Slide 13, we had a wide global platform responsible for over $0.5 trillion of AUM across six continents, split relatively evenly between Institutional and Retail with local presence in all major asset management geographies across APAC, EMEA and Latin America in addition to tthey U.S. We have regional expertise and local coverage, key elements that enable us to deliver complete solutions to clients. For example, we have a strong competitively advantaged position in Asia-Pacific, having built local businesses over several decades. Supported by strong long-term investment performance from our tenured experienced investment teams, our global distribution platform has driven sustained organic growth in recent years, well in excess of tthey peer group. Active equities and alternatives and multi-asset offerings led tthey way. Within fixed income, tthey fixed-income strategies in tthey U.S. also have outgrown tthey peers. In active equities, we have grown organically by over 4% annualized over both tthey 3 and 5-year period or nearly 10 percentage points above tthey peer group average. And in alternatives and multi-assets, our track record has accelerated in recent years to nearly double-digit annualized organic growth with both alternatives and custom target mandates contributing. Turning to Slide 15. We believe our sustained growth has been achieved due to a set of several differentiating capabilities, including tthey following: Compretheynsive locally market coverage owned by over 250 sales professionals that have forged strong relationships with leading global and regional intermediaries, asset owners and consultants. Ttheyse sales professionals are supported by local market specialists across product and marketing, a broad investment product range, which allows us to leverage and scale relationships with key clients. Examples include our award-winning sustainable platform with global and U.S. sustainable ttheymatic equity complemented by fixed income offerings as well. Vehicle flexibility enables us to meet global demand and local endpoint needs. For example, we launctheyd our OEIC range in 2019, enabling us to target UK markets with a local wrapper. Moving to tthey top right, we supplement with value-add services, including client capability building, such as our AB Advisor Institute, which provides practice management, wealth planning and wealth management expertise to our partner firms. Our Institutional Solutions Group provides soptheirticated capital markets research, strategies, tools and solutions to optimize portfolio outcomes. Importantly, AB’s strong brand maintains significant awareness globally. As Seth mentioned earlier, we were recently ranked tthey sixth most trusted financial company by Investor’s Business Daily. And tthey AB brand was ranked fourth in all of APAC last year in a study by Broadridge. We continue to develop data analytics capabilities such as our newly launctheyd digital sales desk in U.S. Retail, enabling smart client prospecting, targeting, cross-selling and servicing, utilizing our new Oculus platform. Leveraging ttheyse tools, we continue to build momentum and sustained growth in U.S. retail, a theirtorically underpenetrated market for us. On tthey next few slides, we highlight a few examples of our capabilities. Our U.S. large cap growth service provides an excellent example of our differentiated distribution capabilities. Management is stable tenured investment team with a strong long-term track record. We have expanded distribution of ttheir globally relevant product in multiple vehicles to gain local access in diverse markets. Ttheir approach has led to 9 consecutive years of organic growth and has serviced with now nearly $50 billion of global AUM. As shown in tthey table on tthey bottom left, our relationships have enabled us to launch multiple local vehicles with large distribution partners, enabling global penetration across ttheyse platforms. At tthey same time, ttheyse vehicles give us tthey flexibility to work with regional partners for ttheyir local markets. Tthey bottom right shows tthey progression of vehicle expansion with Korea Local, U.S. retail SMA, U.S. CIT and Taiwan local vehicles all added in recent years. Tthey breadth of our U.S. retail footprint can be shown through tthey growth in municipal separately managed accounts, SMAs, across our U.S. retail platform. With over 10 consecutive years of organic growth, our Muni SMA business has grown to over $16 billion of AUM, led by Muni Tax Aware and including high-quality Muni Income and Custom Muni. Tthey number of advisers who use ttheyse products has grown 15-fold over tthey last decade with nearly twice that rate of growth in tthey number of accounts. In fact, SMAs across asset classes now make up 37% of our U.S. retail AUM, more than 4x what ttheyy were in 2012. Our new Custom Muni platform, which is analogous to direct index and equity SMAs, uniquely positions us with tthey high net worth segment of financial advisers. We are very excited about our new Custom Muni partnerships with multiple national and independent broker-dealers as well as RAs. Our newly launctheyd AB Tax-Aware Short Duration Municipal ETF, tthey first potential in a series, will also theylp us continue to build our market share in ttheir category. Tthey bottom right shows tthey strong compound growth rates we have experienced at several of our distribution partners over ttheir period. Our defined contribution, customer target data and retirement income solutions provide anottheyr example of our differentiated distribution. We have grown ttheir business organically by 15% annualized since 2011, to one which we now manage over $60 billion AUM for 29 custom target date and lifetime income clients across tthey U.S. and UK. We were an early innovator in delivering an implying guaranteed income solution our lifetime income strategy celebrating its 10th anniversary, managing over $8 billion assets, including $3.4 billion in secured income benefits for more than 120,000 participants. Our proprietary technology platform provides us with tthey connectivity to 10 record keepers with plan for expansion and allows us to deliver a differentiated insurer benefits marketplace featuring five insurers, including our partner Equitable. Ttheyse solutions enable us to pursue strategic client partnerships with a lineup that can be used across public and private DC plans. Specific strategic partnerships include a large state public fund for whom we manage tthey DC plans custom target date fund, tthey glide path as well as several underlying sleeves across asset classes and are now being considered for ttheyir plan’s core menu with an ESG-oriented equity strategy. A large aerospace defense company, which also uses our custom target date services and has entrusted our firm with a fixed income allocation in tthey glide path. Ttheyy are also now actively considering a custom lifetime income solution. Across products, vehicles and geography, we are focusing our efforts and investments in growth markets. Private debt, a large market in which we recently expanded our position through tthey addition of CarVal is expected to grow at a low double-digit rate going forward. Insurance is an important opportunity given our well-developed capabilities with Equitable that we are investing to grow through additional third-party relationships. In terms of vehicles, we recently launctheyd our first two active ETFs, AB Ultra Short Income and AB Tax-Aware Short Duration Municipal, tthey first step towards introducing an innovative and differentiated global ETF offering, which would supplement our core capabilities. We have proven expertise in managing strategies in or similar to ttheyse categories and consistent indications of interest from existing clients for liquidity tools in ttheir space. Additionally, tthey ETF will allow us to reach a wider client base over time. We will continue to grow our U.S. Retail SMAs, as previously mentioned and we are investing in China, EMEA and U.S. Retail, all large market opportunities for AB, China being a long-term view with EMEA and U.S. Retail presenting substantial near-term opportunity to gain share. A few words on tthey insurance opportunity we see. Our 40 years of experience in insurance management with significant client assets of Equitable Holdings, along with our experience managing AXA Assets positions us well to grow ttheir business. We have over 60 dedicated experts globally who contribute to tthey $157 billion that we manage in ttheir space. Capabilities span across public and private markets and include a dedicated insurance portfolio management team. We offer a service-oriented engagement with tthey insurance-specific solutions and analytics, client servicing and operations and reporting. On tthey right side, we show examples of recent client partnerships wtheyre we have provided a range of solutions to a diverse set of institutions, including complex restructuring to optimize yields, private alternatives and custom emerging market debt. Notably, two-thirds of our recent U.S. CRED fund number four raise was from insurers, excluding Equitable. Finally, our structure, including our ability to leverage our partnership with Equitable and our proprietary Private Wealth business provides a strong track record of growing both organic and inorganic channels through a strong multiplier effect. We have successfully brought on multiple investment teams over tthey past decade and scaled ttheym through localized relationships and vehicles and tailoring to specific channels as exemplified with CPH Capital, now our global core product. Having grown fourfold to $13 billion AUM over tthey 8 years since acquisition, Global Core is now diversified across geographies with exposure in both APAC and EMEA in addition to U.S. and channels have grown across Institutional, Retail and Private Wealth. Importantly, our partnership with Equitable Holdings has enabled our Private Alternatives business to grow third-party capital by fourfold from its original seat. We look forward to growing ttheir business furttheyr with tthey $10 billion that Equitable has committed to our private market strategies as well as with tthey additional CarVal to which Equitable has already committed $750 million. In summary, AB has uniquely global access to diverse local markets with distinct distribution capabilities. We have delivered results, driving profitable organic growth, we are investing in high conviction, high growth areas and our platform in conjunction with our partner, Equitable is structured to deliver both organic and inorganic growth going forward. Now I’ll turn tthey call over to Kate, who will review tthey financials. Kate? Kate Burke Thanks, Onur. Let’s start with tthey GAAP income statement on Slide 23. Third quarter GAAP net revenues of $1 billion decreased 10% from tthey prior year period. Operating income of $170 million decreased 39% and operating margin of 18.3% decreased by 740 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.56 in tthey quarter decreased by 37% year-over-year. As a reminder, ttheir was tthey first quarter, including CarVal, which added $12 billion of AUM at approximately a 1% fee rate and margins consistent with our mature private alternatives businesses. Tthey deal remains slightly accretive to adjusted earnings in tthey second half of 2022 and tthey full year 2023. I’ll focus my remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which removes tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders on our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to and not as a substitute for our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are shown on Slide 24, which I’ll touch on as we walk through tthey P&L shown on Slide 25. On Slide 25, beginning with revenues. Net revenues of $814 million decreased 8% versus tthey prior year period and were flat sequentially. Base fees decreased 7% versus tthey prior year period as 13% lower average AUM was driven by market declines. Tthey third quarter fee rate of 41.4 basis points was up 7% year-over-year driven by tthey addition of higtheyr fee rate CarVal based fees and by asset mix and up 5% sequentially. Third quarter performance fees of $10 million declined by $8 million from tthey prior year period. Given current markets, we now see full year 2022 performance fees, tracking below our prior guidance range or slightly below 2019 levels. Third quarter revenues for Bernstein Research Services decreased 19% from tthey prior year period, driven by lower customer trading activity in Europe and Asia due to tthey prevailing macroeconomic environment. Investment gains were $10 million in tthey third quarter, driven by tthey sale of our minority investment in Next Capital Group as compared to a slight loss in tthey prior year period of less than $1 million. Moving to adjusted expenses. All in, our total third quarter operating expenses of $610 million increased by 1% year-over-year and were up 3% sequentially. Total compensation and benefits expense declined by 2% from tthey prior year period, reflecting lower AUM-driven revenues and performance fees, offset by higtheyr compensation ratio of 51% of adjusted net revenues as compared with 48% in tthey prior year period. Lower incentive compensation reflected lower AUM, partially offset by higtheyr base compensation, driven by an increase in average theyadcount. As it’s typical in ttheir time of year, in tthey fourth quarter, we will true up our compensation ratio to balance market conditions and tthey year-to-date accrual rate. Through tthey first three quarters of tthey year, we accrued compensation at a 49% rate comprised of 48% in each of tthey first two quarters and 51% in tthey third quarter. Given market conditions which includes tthey S&P 500 and Barclays U.S. Aggregate both down 5% in tthey third quarter, we expect tthey compensation ratio should remain elevated in tthey fourth quarter of 2022. As always, we plan to pay competitively based on our performance given that our people are our most important asset. As a reminder, tthey compensation ratio is sensitive to variability in tthey asset mix and two, tthey mix due to year-end performance of performance eligible funds. Promotion and servicing costs increased by 8% from tthey prior year period as T&E and sales and client-related meetings increased compared with depressed levels in tthey prior year period due to tthey pandemic, offset by lower trade execution and clearance costs. Sequentially, T&E and meeting expense declined. We continue to manage second half promotion and servicing spend to be below first half levels. G&A expenses increased 7% in tthey third quarter versus tthey prior year period, reflecting tthey negative impact of a higtheyr U.S. dollar, tthey addition of CarVal and continued strategic investments in growth and efficiency technology projects. For tthey full year, we continue to target G&A growth in tthey mid-single digits. Third quarter operating income of $204 million decreased by 27% versus tthey prior year period. Third quarter operating margin of 25.1% was down 670 basis points year-on-year. Our margin comparisons in 2022 reflect tthey meaningful impact of tthey year-to-date market correction. Additionally, higtheyr inflation, continuation of select growth-related investments, rebounding T&E expenses from prior year COVID-induced flows and lower performance fees are all impacting ttheir year’s performance. As outlined in tthey appendix of our presentation, third quarter earnings exclude certain items, which are not part of our core business operations. In tthey third quarter, adjusted operating earnings were $24 million or $0.08 per unit above GAAP operating earnings due primarily to acquisition-related expenses. Amortization of intangible assets, which are included in acquisition-related expenses and our GAAP to adjusted earnings reconciliation increased by $11 million due to tthey CarVal acquisition. In tthey third quarter, we realized a one-time tax benefit of $5 million, resulting in an effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein LP of 3.1%. We continue to expect an effective tax rate for 2022 of approximately 5% to 5.5%. We continue to expect tthey Nashville relocation will be accretive for tthey full year 2022 with compensation-related savings more than offsetting increased occupancy costs. Now we’re pleased to answer your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Craig Siegenthaler from Bank of America. Your line is open. Craig Siegenthaler Good morning, Seth. Seth Bernstein Good morning, Craig. Craig Siegenthaler So my first one is on tthey potential for large client reallocations next year. And ttheir actually might be a good one for Onur given that they joined us today. But with interest rates expected to stabilize next year, can you talk about any pent-up demand from both retail and institutional investors to reallocate back into fixed income? And also kind of a second parter, do you think your softer 1-year invest performance in fixed income could limit your ability to win ttheyse reallocations? Or will ttheyre be more focus on tthey longer-term track records? Seth Bernstein So let me start, and ttheyn I’m going to ask Onur to add in wtheyre I’m missing stuff. But look, we – as rates have risen and yields have become pretty attractive, particularly in credit, we are seeing smatterings of interest, both Retail and Institutional. For example, AIP, American income actually had positive flows in tthey third quarter, which I think is an indication of people beginning to see value in credit. So I do see tthey potential for more allocations, wtheyttheyr that happens in tthey fourth quarter or tthey first quarter, harder to say. I probably would suspect it would be after tthey end of tthey year as we’re getting close to tthey end now. I think with regard to performance, look, ttheyre has been deterioration in tthey fixed income performance. But our clients recognize that in risk-off environments, we tend to underperform just given our theyavy allocations to carry tthey – theyavy allocation to credit generally. And we had a weird situation ttheir year, which I hope doesn’t reoccur and frankly hasn’t in October, which is we’ve had rates and credit deteriorating at tthey same time. Typically, ttheyy have a negative correlation to one anottheyr. So tthey barbell we utilize in a number of our retail strategies tend to be theydged for that kind of event. Ttheir has been an unusual period. So I don’t know that October’s trend will continue, but that’s a more normalized behavior. So it’s possible. Why don’t you add in, Onur? Onur Erzan Absolutely. Stabilization of rates at a higtheyr level will be, in general, a positive for us. If I were to comment on specific channels and products in addition to what Seth mentioned, I would highlight a couple of ottheyr areas. One of our high-growth areas, as I highlighted in my remarks, is tax exempt Muni strategies. Definitely, that category will have some momentum, and that should theylp us both grow market share and expand tthey platform. And ttheyn in terms of taxable fixed income, we believe that should theylp us with our Asia franctheire, given a large part of our retail taxable fixed income is Asia kind of centric. And ttheyn it’s a much lower scale, but LatAm retail is in ottheyr geography that was depressed ttheir year, should benefit from that. On tthey Institutional side, definitely, ttheyre will be some reallocations and definitely can theylp us in a couple of channels, both in insurance and pension plans. That being said, I think being precise about tthey timing is very hard. So we don’t know wtheyn tthey rates will stabilize precisely and at what level. And that uncertainty will create, I think, some lack of precision in tthey timing. Craig Siegenthaler Thank you. And just as my follow-up, I wondered if you had any insight into tax loss harvesting activity just given it’s been such a bad year for both equities and bonds. And I guess ttheir would happen in tthey fourth quarter, and it would impact equities and taxable fixed income, but any perspective on any kind of near-term flow theyadwinds that would be appreciated. Onur Erzan Absolutely. We have been seeing that. Obviously, tthey fourth quarter is wtheyre you see tthey bulk of tthey tax plus harvesting activity. It tends to be temporary. So that’s tthey good news. But given tthey declines in tthey indices and given tax exempt and Muni indices are not immune from that, we definitely see some elevated tax loss harvesting. But that being said, as I mentioned, in most of tthey cases, that’s a very temporary move, and that will be, in my opinion, more than offset by future flows. Again, timing is hard to predict. On a net basis, ttheyy are positive, in tthey short-term, that will create definitely some pressure. Craig Siegenthaler Thank you, Onur. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from Alexander Blostein from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Alexander Blostein Hi, good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking tthey question. I wanted to – Onur, I wanted to start with tthey question for you around tthey insurance business. You highlighted that working with ottheyr insurance companies outside of Equitable is an opportunity you see for AllianceBernstein and obviously, with a more expanded products, including CarVal, you guys are – should be well positioned to do that. So maybe just expand on how you’re going about tthey strategy, what vehicles and products you’re likely to utilize? And as you think about tthey relationship with Equitable, is that a tailwind or is it that theyadwind, right? Because at tthey end of tthey day, having a large insurance company and working with ttheym side by side gives you a unique sort of knowledge base and perhaps a competitive advantage, but at tthey same time, ttheyy have a large equity stake in you. So which one of ttheyse things kind of went out? Onur Erzan No, great questions. Let me start from tthey end and make my way through tthey beginning. Obviously, we think about tthey insurance opportunity on a global basis, and we think about it across insurance sub-sectors, life insurance, property and casualty and theyalth. Tthey good news is tthey space that Equitable participates in and a leader in is only a portion of tthey market and that U.S. life market is quite concentrated, particularly if you focus on large annuity providers. Obviously, we would be always sensitive to any perceived conflicts. But that is only a handful of insurers and that doesn’t necessarily reduce tthey appeal of tthey opportunity or tthey size of tthey addressable market. In terms of how we are pursuing ttheir opportunity, as I mentioned in my remarks, we created insurance dedicated capabilities from tthey back so that tthey insurance dedicated services will theylp us to be very catered to a liability-driven investor audience, which is different. And ttheyn wtheyn it comes to products and services, as you highlighted, we will leverage both our alternatives platform, particularly private credits, not only AB CarVal, but tthey broader lending capabilities. Real estate lending being anottheyr one, which had good strength in terms of fundings in tthey third quarter, both U.S. CRED and European CRED. And ttheyn finally, we are definitely working on a number of structures that makes our solutions more capital efficient for insurance balance ttheyyets. And we have a pipeline of product opportunities that’s coming. So, watch us in tthey insurance space. It’s a long-term strategy, but we will continue to focus on. Alexander Blostein Great. That’s very theylpful. Thanks. And ttheyn my second question is around CarVal, I just was hoping to get to ttheir a little bit more given it’s been under tthey AllianceBernstein umbrella for a couple of months now. So, I guess one specific question related to tthey $4.6 billion in commitments that you highlighted in tthey pipeline, which products are those? And how should we think about translating that into fee growth? Do ttheyy bill and commit it or deployed? And if it isn’t deployed, I guess how are ttheyy thinking about tthey opportunities for putting capital to work in ttheir environment? Onur Erzan Sure. That will be diverse across several different strategies. It includes tthey flagship credit value. It includes tthey clean energy strategies and ttheyn some of tthey more bespoke ottheyr add-on services as well, emerging markets, etcetera. In terms of tthey funding period, we will see. We have seen some fundings in all of ttheyse kind of strategies, but obviously, it will depend on tthey timing. We don’t have a clear sense for how tthey market environment will impact that. It’s a little bit of a different thing for AB CarVal because tthey opportunistic distress, as you know, can be countercyclical. So, it’s very hard for us to be very precise. But particularly in some of tthey strategies like clean energy, etcetera, we expect more fundings. Alexander Blostein Great. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next please. And our next question will come from Bill Katz from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Bill Katz Okay. Thank you very much for taking tthey question ttheir morning and tthey active discussion. I hope ttheir is more of a qualification, not count as a question. But part one is, just in terms of tthey incremental pickup in tthey fee rate both in tthey institutional channel as well as overall. I am guessing it’s just a weighted average impact of CarVal, but are ttheyre any sort of catch-up fees underneath that? And tthey broader question is, as you think about your overall pipeline, which grew nicely, what’s happening in terms of tthey deployment of that? Is that a couple of quarters as normally tthey case, or is that getting elongated in any way? And I was just wondering if you could answer Alex’ question in terms of wtheyn do you pay fees on tthey $4 billion? Thank you. Kate Burke Well, thanks for tthey question. I will start on tthey fee rate side. Look, overall, I would just say we have confidence that over tthey long – over time, our fee rate is going to continue to work its way higtheyr. What we saw theyre during tthey quarter is that we experienced a positive fee rate in all three channels. That improvement was largely driven by a favorable mix to – with alternatives. So, CarVal played a part in that, but was not all of it as well as continued relative inactive equities and outflows in some of our relative fixed income businesses. So, our view, and wtheyn you look at tthey institutional pipeline, is that you are going to – we are going to get at that 3x level that Seth mentioned in terms of tthey active pipeline fee rate versus our institutional average. We expect that, that will be supportive over time. But we do also highlight that ttheyre could be volatility wtheyn we have those larger low-fee DC mandates. Ttheir pipeline does include that $7.5 billion targeted mandate that was added in tthey third quarter. And as that one works its way through, that, that will ultimately show up in tthey quarterly rate. Bill Katz Okay. Just a follow-up to that. If you could just answer a question in turn, sorry to belabor it. But just tthey pipeline itself in terms of tthey sort of timing in terms of deployment, just given what seems to be a bit of a slowdown in decision-making. And ttheyn on tthey CarVal, tthey $4 billion, are those paid – base fee rates paid on committed capital, deployed capital and is ttheyre an opportunity for any performance fees? Onur Erzan Yes. In terms of tthey timing, as said, and Kate mentioned, tthey remarks, we typically take a 9-month to 12-month view. Wtheyn we look at tthey nature of tthey pipeline, we are optimistic about tthey fourth quarter, but it’s hard to be certain. So, ttheyre is definitely uncertainty. In terms of tthey CarVal products, all of tthey CarVal products tend to have performance fees. And that’s why you need to factor in both tthey management fees and tthey performance fees. Ttheyre was anottheyr question in terms of tthey nature of tthey funding, etcetera, I guess it will depend on tthey underlying asset class in terms of tthey deployments. For instance, we will work with Equitable on tthey U.S. residential mortgages. As you know, that was one of tthey synergies with Equitable. That’s tthey $750 million. So, we have basically high kind of certainty on that, but it will again get deployed based on tthey market opportunities. So, those are a few highlights I would give you in terms of tthey nature of that. And it’s a pretty diverse pipeline. One thing I haven’t mentioned in my previous remarks is also tthey kind of tthey CLO part of tthey overall platform. Seth Bernstein But Bill, just to be clear, tthey fees kick in on funding for tthey most part. Bill Katz Okay. Terrific. I think ttheyre still will be a lot of questions theyre. Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question please. And our next question will come from John Dunn from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. John Dunn Alright. Maybe just to extend a little bit, tthey global distribution piece. Can you give us tthey state of tthey conversations of advisers in each of tthey different major regional intermediary market? Onur Erzan Nature of tthey advisers in terms of how tthey nature of our distribution partnerships that – interpret tthey question? John Dunn Trying to get it more like how tthey conversations are differing in each of tthey major intermediary market. Onur Erzan By region, so tthey color by region. Yes. So, let me try to tackle that by geography. U.S. retail, we touctheyd on it. Obviously, tthey tax loss harvesting and thinking about tthey asset reallocation is a big trend. We continue to see our continued interest in short-term duration, taxable fixed income as well as muni strategies and ttheyn some advisors actually find tthey entry point for tthey equity strategy is attractive. Again, it varies slightly by distribution platform. So, it would vary. And ttheyn alternatives is, I think a secular trend that said, I think we have seen a little bit of slowdown looking at tthey markets. In Asia-Pac, given some of tthey challenges also with tthey Chinese equity market, etcetera, it has been a tough market environment. Majority of Asia retail tends to be income-oriented. It is ex-Japan. Definitely, that interest kind of continues, but ttheyre is a little bit of a wait and see to make sure tthey rates stabilize before people jump back into very attractive yield towards kind of strategies. Japan, obviously, tthey yen weakness kind of drives interest in U.S. denominated assets. We definitely benefited from that in addition to our strong presence in equities in Japan. And although it slowed down on a relative basis, I think tthey interest seems to be still relatively strong in Japan. EMEA and Lat-Am probably are tthey most challenged kind of geographies. EMEA given tthey proximity to Russia-Ukraine situation, etcetera, I think it has been – sales levels have been more depressed. And I don’t think ttheyre has been a major kind of team that I would call out at tthey product level ottheyr than a little bit of tthey depressed risk-off kind of environment and not to mention some of tthey government changes, that’s centrally in multiple markets like UK and Italy. Lat-Am similar, a lot of changes in administration, risk-off environments. And given those are also high emerging markets and fixed income buyers, I think ttheyy have been on tthey sidelines. So, all-in-all, global trend is typically risk off, stay on sidelines, stay on tthey short end of tthey duration curve and provides or stay liquids or have dry powder, that’s how I would characterize. John Dunn Very theylpful. And ttheyn can you just talk about tthey outlook for replenishment of tthey unfunded pipeline? And what’s your – are you at a point now wtheyre you guys can maintain a higtheyr level relative to tthey past? Onur Erzan I mean that’s very difficult to predict, but we believe in tthey strength of our client franctheire and tthey capabilities we highlighted in my presentation. Ttheyre are a lot of large U.S. pension plans. I mean can be anottheyr retirement mandates is very possible. But very hard to give a very precise number. What I can tell you is that given tthey product mix we have and tthey fee levels that Kate have highlighted, I think tthey revenue contribution will definitely be attractive to our starting point, particularly outside retirement, but it’s hard to be very precise on tthey AUM. John Dunn Thanks very much. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question please. And we will take our next question from Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Your line is open. Dan Fannon Thanks. Good morning. Was hoping to talk a little bit more about CarVal and tthey performance that ttheyy have been generating and thinking about it in some of ttheyir flagship strategies, if you could theylp kind of put some numbers around that or rankings to kind of get a sense of how that’s tracking? And ttheyn again, tthey future kind of pipeline and opportunity, maybe tthey biggest buckets that you see in terms of future fundraising in terms of styles that would be theylpful as well. Seth Bernstein Well, let me start. And Onur may jump in again. But ttheyy have raised roughly $2 billion – a little over $2 billion since our announcement or actually since our closing. And so we are very pleased with that – I am sorry, since announcement. And so we are very pleased with tthey pace, although as Onur alluded to, it’s got to be a more challenging market generally out ttheyre just given tthey volatility that tthey world is seeing. We have been out marketing our energy opportunities fund to a pretty broad reception, and it’s really tthey first time we are utilizing tthey AB institutional sales force as part of that. So far, that’s been beneficial to us. We have gotten more looks than CarVal had experienced in tthey past, but it’s still early days in that process. We are also kind of setting up for ttheyir more distressed strategies as we move forward. Ttheyre is interest in doing it. And I think that’s important. And it’s tthey traditional strength of tthey firm and tthey order performance has continued to be in line and/or outperforming most of ttheyir competitors. So, I think I am balanced, tthey story is good ttheyre. I think finally, just to recognize that tthey mandate with Equitable on resi mortgages is in tthey process of being funded. And furttheyr, that opens tthey way for more opportunities with our insurance clients. So, on balance, it’s early, but we are pretty favorable on wtheyre we stand. Onur Erzan Yes. Tthey only add is tthey retail angle. Historically, AB CarVal has been more geared towards tthey institutional channel. I think one of tthey synergies we really like in tthey combination is our ability to go deeper into retail and high worth net channels. A, through our proprietary private wealth channel, but also more broadly through our intermediary partners. We are working on a couple of more retail high net worth oriented products, leveraging our product structuring expertise, BDCs, REITs internal funds. And we will test tthey market with those kind of extensions. So, that opens yet anottheyr venue, which wouldn’t be captured in tthey institutional pipeline typically. So, we are optimistic about tthey long-term prospects ttheyre. Dan Fannon Great. Thanks for taking my question. Operator Thank you. And we do have time for one more question. And we will take our last question from Bill Katz from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Bill Katz Excellent. Thanks so much for taking tthey questions. So two, can you give me a sense of wtheyre you are in terms of alternative penetration into your wealth management platform today? And wtheyre do you think that, that ratio can get to? And ttheyn just given your commentary about all tthey growth initiatives as you look atheyad, one of tthey ttheymes coming out of ttheir quarter certainly is tthey challenge of balancing lower revenues against sort of ongoing spend. How should we be thinking about expense growth rate into 2023? Thank you. Onur Erzan Yes. Thanks Bill. Let me take tthey alt penetration question. To confirm, you are interested alt penetration, our private wealth channel, right. Bill Katz Yes. Onur Erzan Yes. Absolutely. Our alternatives platform in tthey private wealth channel currently represents roughly 10% of tthey AUM. We had very strong momentum even without any fundings to CarVal. So, year-to-date, tthey alternative raises have been up 95%, and 45% of our AUM is with tthey accounts that have private alternative exposure. So, I think it’s a very solid story for two reasons. One, we demonstrated that we can offer alternatives as part of our asset allocation to our client base. And as we add more larger accounts, if you look at tthey inflows, net flows, more than three quarters comes from 20-plus million accounts, which tend to be higtheyr buyers of alternatives. And given ttheyre is still runway with tthey clients that didn’t invest in alternatives and 10% being probably lower than what you could think about as steady state, ttheyre is a lot of runway ttheyre. In some of tthey third-party channels, some of tthey third-parties advocate for asset locations up to 30% into alternatives. So, if you can think about that, tthey runway is quite significant. Seth Bernstein And just to clarify, I had said energy opportunities, I meant clean energy with regard to CarVal. Onur Erzan And one quick clarification on my side on tthey performance fees. Majority of tthey CarVal strategies have performance fees, it might not be 100%. Kate Burke So ttheyn I will just follow-up quickly on tthey balance between our strategic investments and our expense management. So, we are going to continue on tthey path of trying to be very disciplined overall in our discretionary spending and cost base while continuing to sort of balance those strategic initiatives and capitalizing on our existing strengths. And ttheyn we are looking more is on tthey margin of wtheyre we can reduce spending in tthey near-term without jeopardizing those long-term goals. So, we have a number of technology investments, for example, underway to support our growth initiatives in terms of supporting our infrastructure, such as in tthey insurance space. As Onur was talking about, or tthey muni SMAs, multi-asset offerings, ETF launctheys. All of those, we think are good long-term capabilities. And so we are going to continue to support that. But we have always maintained a very strong cost discipline and looked also to try to leverage automation of things like moving our systems to tthey public cloud. So, for tthey full year, we are going to continue to target a G&A number in tthey mid-single digits. And ttheyn on tthey promotion and servicing side, you have seen us have some discipline ttheyre. We do expect it to continue to decline sequentially theyre in tthey second half of tthey year as compared to tthey first, but above still prior year high – or prior year because of tthey pandemic impact. And ultimately, as we look atheyad, it’s going to be and through tthey year-end about balancing those priorities as well as rewarding and retaining that – both that talent team – tthey talented teams that we have. So, I think that that’s tthey best answer I can give you that we are going to continue to be very disciplined in our approach, but we are not going to be shortsighted in supporting our longer term initiatives. Bill Katz Perfect. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Griffin, I will turn tthey call back over to you. End of Q&A Mark Griffin Thank you everyone for joining us today in our conference call. Feel free to reach out to Investor Relations with any furttheyr questions, and have a great day.