AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. (NYSE:AB) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call October 24, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants David Lesser – Corporate Secretary Seth Bernstein – President and Chief Executive Officer John Weisenseel – Chief Financial Officer Jim Gingrich – Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Mike Carrier – Bank of America Merrill Lynch James Steele – Jefferies Bill Katz – Citi Operator Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey AllianceBernstein Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Review. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey remarks ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session and I will give you instructions on how to ask questions at that time. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded and will be available for replay for one week. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host for ttheir call, Corporate Secretary for AB, Mr. David Lesser. Please go atheyad, sir. David Lesser Thank you, Jessa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings review. Ttheir conference call is being webcast and accompanied by a slide presentation that’s posted in tthey Investor Relations section of our website www.alliancebernstein.com. Seth Bernstein, our President and CEO; John Weisenseel, our CFO; and Jim Gingrich, our COO, will present our results and take questions after our prepared remarks. Some of tthey information we present today is forward-looking and subject to certain SEC rules and regulations regarding disclosure. So I’d like to point out tthey safe harbor language on Slide 1 of our presentation. You can also find our safe harbor language in tthey MD&A of our third quarter 2019 10-Q, which we filed earlier ttheir morning. Under regulation FD, management may only address questions of material nature from tthey investment community in a public forum. So please ask all such questions during ttheir call. Now I’ll turn it over to Seth. Seth Bernstein Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Our third quarter results reflect momentum in several key areas of our business. Firmwide active flows were positive $9.3 billion in tthey third quarter, bringing year-to-date active net inflows to $21.6 billion, which translates to a 6.3% active annualized organic growth rate, continue on our best year-to-date in more than tthey decades. Flows were driven by continued rebound in fixed-income and ongoing success with retail active equities. And in an environment of declining fee rates, AB’s overall portfolio fee rate continues to be stable. Now let’s get into tthey specifics. Starting with firmwide overview on Slide 4. Third quarter gross sales of $26.3 billion increased 36% year-on-year and were down slightly sequentially. Total firmwide net flows were positive $8.1 billion versus $1.3 billion in tthey prior year period and net inflows of $9.5 billion in tthey second quarter. Total assets under management of $592.4 billion at quarter end increased 8% year-on-year and 2% sequentially, making our higtheyst AUM since tthey financial crisis. And average AUM was up 7% versus tthey prior year period and 4% sequentially. Slide 5 shows our quarterly flow trend by channel. Firmwide net inflows were driven by retail and institutional, while private wealth flows remain negative for tthey quarter. In retail, gross sales reactheyd a record $21.1 billion tthey higtheyst in our retail theirtory and increased versus both prior periods. And net inflows of $7.4 billion compared to modest inflows in tthey year ago period and were higtheyr sequentially. In tthey bottom left chart, you can see institutional gross sales of $2.9 billion, while redemptions were flat. Ttheir resulted in institutional net inflows of $1.5 billion. In private wealth, gross sales of $2.3 billion were down versus tthey prior year period and from ttheir year’s second quarter due to softening sales trends caused by clients’ cautious market sentiment leading to net outflows of $800 million. Our annualized outflow rate remains below tthey 20 year average despite volatile markets. Now let’s turn to investment performance beginning on Slide 6. In fixed-income, our percentage of outperforming assets for tthey one year period remained flat sequentially, but has improved relative to recent results. In our percentage of assets outperforming for tthey three year period increased to 82% from 63% last quarter. With tthey rebound in tthey percentage of assets outperforming, we continue to have high conviction that our global diversified approach will produce tthey best risk adjusted returns over time, which you can see in our five year track record with 90% of assets outperforming. In equities, our investment performance was noteworthy with 63% of assets outperforming for tthey one year, 79% for tthey three year and 84% for tthey five year. Slide 7 and 8 provide more insight on retail fixed-income and equity investment performance. Tthey fixed-income table on Slide 7 reflects that our long-term track records remain compelling. Performance in our income portfolios has been particularly strong. American Income is top decile for tthey one year period and top quartile for tthey three and five year periods. European Income is top decile for both tthey one and five year periods and top quartile for tthey three year period. Mortgage Income beat its benchmark by 200 basis points to 300 basis points for tthey one, three and five year periods. And AB Income remains top decile for tthey three and five year periods and top quartile for tthey one year period. Moving on to equities on Slide 8. Our Concentrated Global, Global Low Vol, Global Core and Large-Cap Growth strategies are significant outperformers. In fact, Concentrated Global, Global Low Vol and Global Core are each top decile across all time periods. Concentrated U.S. Growth is top decile for tthey one year and top quartile for tthey three year and Large-Cap Growth is top quartile for tthey one and three year and top decile for tthey five year. Ttheyse are impressive rankings, even as we continue to see under-performance in our values emerging market strategies. Let’s move on to our client channels beginning with retail on Slide 9. We’re seeing remarkable results from tthey years we’ve spent investing in our retail platform. Our overall sales of $21.1 billion were up 67% year-over-year and surpasses last quarter as tthey higtheyst sales quarter in retail theirtory by 12%. We also saw sales strengttheyn across regions during tthey quarter, including sequential increases across all regions except EMEA and year-on-year sales growth in Asia ex-Japan, U.S. retail, EMEA and Latin America. Tthey top left chart shows tthey pickup in Asia ex-Japan industry-wide retail bond fund sales for tthey 12 month period. Our third quarter sales of $11.3 billion in tthey region were tthey higtheyst in theirtory, what’s more, tthey average fee rate on our gross sales in tthey quarter is 22% higtheyr than our overall channel average. Net inflows of $7.4 billion were tthey higtheyst in 19 years, positive for a fifth straight quarter and represent our third consecutive quarter exceeding $5 billion. And our sources and flows are diverse. 14 funds attracted net flows of $100 million or more in tthey quarter with seven of ttheym fixed-income, six equity and one multi-asset. And we hit a number of milestones during tthey quarter as well. AB retail assets under management of $223 billion at quarter end is again at an all time high. 50 retail offerings have more than $1 billion in assets under management at quarter end. And AB rank six at a 458 asset managers in U.S. retail active equity net inflows for tthey quarter and seventh year-to-date. Now I’ll discuss institutional on Slide 10. We saw substantial pipeline growth and net inflows turned positive for tthey year at $1 billion with gross sales reaching $2.9 billion and limited client outflows. Our institutional pipeline grew from $7.1 billion at tthey end of tthey second quarter to $11.6 billion. That’s up 63% sequentially and 47% year-on-year. Our pipelines annualized fee base also reactheyd a new high of more than $40 million with strong equity and alternative divisions and it was our eighth straight quarter in which we exceeded $30 million as illustrated in tthey top left chart. New additions in tthey third quarter of $6.4 billion included more than $3 billion in active equities are tthey higtheyst in two years at tthey average fee of more than twice tthey channel average. Ttheir is notable considering tthey industry-wide fee rate contraction. Tthey consultant support is also contributing to tthey success we’re having. New ratings reported in tthey second quarter have resulted in three third quarter pipeline adds and we continue to see a steady stream of RFP activity. And beyond equities, it’s important to note that we’re seeing success in ottheyr areas, including multi-asset and alternatives, lifetime income strategies, custom alternative solutions, middle market direct lending. Ttheir bodes well for our future revenues. Moving to private wealth management on Slide 11. Client engagement remains high in tthey face of softening sales trends. Third quarter gross sales of $2.3 billion are down 23% sequentially and year-on-year and tthey flows were negative with outflows of $800 million. But despite volatile markets our annualized outflow remains below tthey 20 year average. We’re seeing in client engagement as ttheyy maintain ttheyir long-term strategic allocations due to advice that includes volatility tools and alternative strategies. Our advice model and investment platform continue to resonate with a broader and more affluent and high complexity client base. We’ve added more than $1.6 billion in net inflows to our suite of alternative and focused equity services year-to-date, bringing total deployed and committed assets to $10.8 billion at quarter end. That’s tthey bottom left chart. We closed our first Opportunity Zone transaction $50 million in commitments with an additional operating plan for tthey fourth quarter. Growing our advisor base remains a top priority for us as well. We’ve reactheyd our year end targeted adviser theyad count up 5% year-to-date. I’ll finish our business overview with tthey sell side on Slide 12. Bernstein Research continues to feel tthey effects of a difficult environment as customer activity remained depressed in most geographies. Revenues of $102 million were near flat year-on-year and down 4% sequentially. However, excluding our April 1 acquisition of Autonomous Research, revenues declined 10% year-on-year. While disappointing, we continue to believe that differentiated offering will ultimately drive client activity. Tthey integration of Autonomous is going well and our cross-selling efforts are ramping up of more than a 100 potential new clients. We had anottheyr strong showing in tthey institutional investor, AART survey with 18 top-ranked sectors compared to 17 last year. Bernstein Research ranked number one for best European dark pool liquidity algos in tthey annual Greenwich Associates survey and we were finalists in all five electronic trading categories in anottheyr respected survey. We continue to globalize our research and trading capabilities. A new Global Emerging Markets financial research product was launctheyd and our research and sales operation was built out ttheir past July in India. While year-to-date trends continue to be below our expectations, we’re thoughtfully managing our operations and navigating to a tough environment. I’ll close by highlighting some of our third quarter accomplishments on Slide 13. We continued delivering differentiated returns for clients of our diverse products. And we furttheyr scaled and commercialized our offerings with continued success with our retail active equity franctheire and a pickup in fixed income. We recently establittheyyd a loan in CLO management business, which will leverage tthey resources and infrastructure of our existing high yield credit business and our middle market direct lending platform. And we remain focused on expense management and executing our relocation to Nashville, which is on plan to achieve our annual – ongoing annual expense savings target once tthey transition is completed in 2024. I’ll also add that we’ve made great strides with our Responsible Investing platform and our broader corporate responsibility efforts. In ttheir past quarter, we announced tthey collaboration with Columbia University’s Earth Institute, home to tthey Lamont-Dotheyrty Earth Observatory, to create a first-of-its-kind intensive curriculum focused on climate risk and investment performance. I’m very proud of what we’ve achieved during tthey quarter despite tthey presence of some challenges. Now I will turn over to John to review our financials. John Weisenseel Thank you, Seth. Let’s start with a GAAP income statement on Slide 15. Third quarter GAAP net revenues of $878 million increased 3% from tthey prior year period. Operating income of $203 million increased – decreased 5% and tthey 22.6% operating margin decreased by 250 basis points. GAAP EPU of $0.62 compared to $0.68 in tthey third quarter of 2018. As always, I’ll focus our remarks from theyre on our adjusted results, which remove tthey effect of certain items that are not considered part of our core operating business. We base our distribution to unitholders upon our adjusted results, which we provide in addition to, and not as substitutes for, our GAAP results. Our standard GAAP reporting and a reconciliation of GAAP to adjusted results are in our presentation’s appendix, press release and 10-Q. Our adjusted financial highlights are included on Slide 16. Third quarter revenues of $727 million were flat to tthey prior year, while operating income of $200 million and our margin of 27.5% all decreased year-on-year. We earned and will distribute to our unitholders $0.63 per year per unit compared to $0.69 for last year’s third quarter. Lower performance fees combined with higtheyr compensation and G&A expenses primarily drove tthey weaker results. Revenues, operating income and margin all increased from tthey second quarter, primarily due to higtheyr base investment fees and lower promotion servicing G&A expenses. We delve into ttheyse items in more detail on our adjusted income statement on Slide 17. Beginning with revenues. Third quarter net revenues of $727 million were flat year-on-year. Third quarter base fees increased 6% from tthey same prior period due to higtheyr average AUM across all three distribution channels. Compared to tthey third quarter of 2018, total average AUM increased 7.2%. Tthey portfolio fee rate of 41 basis points has been relatively stable both year-on-year and sequentially. Third quarter performance fees of $8 million compared to $41 million in tthey same prior year period. As discussed on our previous earnings call, last year’s third quarter performance fees included $35 million related to two funds Financial Services Opportunity Fund 1 and Real Estate Equity Fund 1, which have eittheyr been liquidated or mostly liquidated. As expected, ttheyse two funds did not generate any performance fees in tthey current year’s third quarter and ottheyr drivers declined versus tthey prior year period. Third quarter Bernstein Research services revenues of $102 million were relatively flat year-on-year and include revenues from tthey Autonomous acquisition which closed on April 1. Excluding Autonomous, Bernstein Research services revenues decreased 10% year-on-year and 4% sequentially from ttheir year’s second quarter, primarily due to lower global client activity and trading commissions. Third quarter net distribution expenses increased $7 million year-on-year, as a result of higtheyr Asia retail fund sales and AUM. Investment gains of $4 million increased by $2 million versus tthey same prior period due to higtheyr seed investment gains. Ottheyr revenues increased $2 million compared to tthey same prior period, because of higtheyr dividends and interest earned on our broker dealer and seed investments. Moving to adjusted expenses. All-in, our total third quarter operating expenses of $527 million increased 3% year-on-year. For tthey third quarter, transition costs related to our Nashville corporate theyadquarters relocation totaled $8 million compared to estimated expense savings of $4 million, resulting in a net $4 million reduction in operating income and about a net $0.01 reduction in EPU. Of tthey net $4 million, approximately $2 million is compensation related with substantially all included in tthey comp ratio calculation, and tthey remaining $2 million representing increased occupancy costs. For tthey 2019 nine-month year-to-date period, transition costs totaled $25 million compared to estimated expense savings of $12 million, resulting in a net $13 million reduction in operating income. Of tthey net $13 million, approximately $8 million is compensation related with substantially all included in tthey comp ratio calculation and tthey remaining $5 million representing increased occupancy costs. Total compensation and benefits expense increased 2% year-on-year on higtheyr base salaries and fringe benefits, which were partially offset by lower incentive compensation. We accrued compensation at a 48.5% of adjusted net revenues for tthey third quarter ttheir year, compared to 49.5% for tthey first half of ttheir year, and 47.5% for tthey third quarter of 2018. We plan to revisit our comp ratio and adjust accordingly as we gained furttheyr clarity as to tthey full year’s revenue compensation requirements for our business and tthey transition costs relating to our corporate theyadquarters relocation. Given current market conditions, we do not expect tthey fourth quarter comp ratio to exceed 48.5%. Third quarter promotion and servicing increased 7% versus tthey same prior year period due to higtheyr T&E and marketing expenses, resulting from tthey timing of our client meetings and digital marketing initiatives, and tthey 8% sequential decrease came from lower expected seasonal T&E and marketing spend. Third quarter G&A increased 6% year-on-year, due to tthey higtheyr occupancy relating primarily to our Nashville relocation and higtheyr technology expenses related to our business initiatives. Excluding tthey increase in occupancy, G&A would have increased 3% year-on-year. Our nine-month year-to-date combined promotion, servicing and G&A expenses of $471 million increased less than 4% versus tthey prior year. Excluding tthey occupancy portion of tthey Nashville relocation expenses, tthey increase was less than 3% reflecting our continued focus on expense management. Third quarter operating income of $200 million decreased 7% from tthey prior year on flat revenues while expenses increased modestly. Tthey 11% sequential increase is due primarily to higtheyr base fees and a moderate decline in expenses. Third quarter operating margin of 27.5% decreased 220 basis points year-on-year, an increased 240 basis points sequentially. Of tthey 220 basis point year-on-year decline, 100 basis points is attributed to tthey higtheyr comp ratio. You may have noticed that our third quarter adjusted EPU was $0.01 higtheyr than our GAAP EPU, while our adjusted operating income was $3 million lower than our GAAP operating income. Ttheir is due primarily to tthey exclusion of tthey following two items from our adjusted results, which are not part of our core business operations. First, we excluded approximately $500,000 of acquisition expenses relating to Autonomous Research. Second, we deconsolidated certain seed investments in our adjusted results that we consolidated for GAAP reporting. Consolidating ttheyse investments increased operating income by $4 million, but did not affect net income or EPU. Tthey third quarter effective tax rate for AllianceBernstein LP was 5.3% about as expected. Finally, tthey range cost savings to be realized over tthey transition period of 2018 to 2024 for our corporate theyadquarters relocation is now expected to range from $180 million to $190 million compared to our previously forecasted range of $190 million to $200 million due to tthey delay in tthey relocation of certain roles to Nashville and tthey related compensation savings. All ottheyr components of our guidance remain unchanged, including tthey largest EPU impact of an estimated $0.08 reduction for 2019, breakeven or possibly a slight increase in EPU by 2021, and ongoing annual expense savings of $70 million to $75 million beginning in 2025. And with that, Seth, Jim and I are pleased to answer your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Mike Carrier from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Mike Carrier Hi, good morning and thanks for taking tthey questions. Let me first – just retail sales and net flows, we’re impressed. You’ve just given tthey environment yet tthey Private Wealth, it was muted. It seems maybe a little bit odd obviously like tthey client base is different but still – it’s still in like tthey retail-like category. So maybe if you can provide some color around tthey mix and drivers for that difference and ttheyn what do you think could turn tthey net flows around on tthey Private Wealth side? Jim Gingrich Mike, that’s a good observation. Because you’re correct that if you look at our U.S. retail business was actually quite strong. And as you point out, tthey big issue with flows in our wealth management business ttheir quarter was our overall production level. All I can say is that in our wealth management business, we continue to be thrilled with tthey level of engagement that we’re having with tthey types of clients that we want to have conversations with. We are seeing exactly what we said, which is some delays in transactions and ottheyr liquidity events given some of tthey turbulence in tthey market. And also I think some caution on tthey part of our clients, that’s leaving some of ttheyir money in cash. But our overall momentum and excitement in that business remains robust ttheyn we continue to do tthey right things as we move tthey business in tthey right direction. So we’re feeling good about how that business is trending. Mike Carrier Okay. No, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn given tthey announcement on tthey syndicated loan in tthey CLO strategy, I guess I want to theyar and make some sense just given tthey demand that we’re seeing in that area and ttheyn maybe like fixed income strains. But it also seems like fairly competitive and maybe later cycle. So just – look, why now and how do you think AB will try to differentiate from a lot of tthey players out ttheyre? Seth Bernstein I think that – theyy, Mike, it’s Seth. It’s been long credit cycle. I do think that we have very strong credit skills embedded in both our high yield business and our middle market lending business. We’ve been looking for tthey right group, looking for tthey right talent. And we have found some really good people who we have confidence in. And we’re going to take our time to develop it because we recognize, wtheyre we are in tthey cycle. But it fits – it fills a gap for us in tthey asset class. It’s a direct extension of our own capabilities. And I think we feel that we are experienced enough in managing CLOs in our own portfolios and ottheyr securitized assets that we can manage well through what could be more bottled on market conditions for spread product. So I think, it’s a timing issue, but ultimately, we’re doing ttheir with very long perspective in terms of tthey growth of ttheir business and its place in our lineup. And it was really about finding tthey right talent. Mike Carrier Okay. Thanks a lot. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dan Fannon from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. James Steele Yes, good morning. Ttheir is actually James Steele filling in for Dan. So my questions just on tthey fee rate, obviously, you mentioned kind of a declining fee environment that continue to see tthey institutional business come in at higtheyr fees, which is kind of very different from what we’re seeing elsewtheyre in tthey industry and connected by different to what your existing book of business seems to be doing so? Just curious as to what might be driving that, kind of disconnect? Seth Bernstein Sure. James, it’s Seth. John, as they talked about that tthey pipeline is a great example of ttheir. So over $6 billion added to tthey pipeline ttheir quarter to tthey institutional pipeline and roughly half of that was equities, which are obviously higtheyr fee rates than, in tthey past wtheyre maybe we had a lot of fixed income in tthey pipeline. And wtheyn we look at tthey composition of tthey pipeline right now, it’s very well diversified between equities and alternatives and multi-asset and fixed income. In fact equities and alternatives for tthey entire $11.6 billion pipeline are tthey higtheyst weighted strategies. And that will fold well into tthey future. For fee rate, as we talked about, with that pipeline having tthey higtheyst annual fee base associated with it, that we’ve ever had, which is over $40 million. Jim Gingrich But I think it just to add, I think it really speaks to wtheyre we came from relative to ottheyrs. We had a much more fixed-income, theyavy institutional book of business relative to our peers. And that’s just a reflection. We’re seeing tthey same effects as tthey rest of tthey industry. John Weisenseel Absolutely. In terms of – definitely we’re seeing pressure on institutional on tthey fixed-income mandates without a doubt. That’s ttheyre and we expect that to continue to be. But tthey ottheyr factor also impacting tthey overall fee rate on tthey entire portfolio and keeping it stable to slightly higtheyr at 41 basis points. Ttheyre’s also tthey strength in our retail business, particularly in tthey Asia retail products, which carry high fee rates. James Steele Got it. Thank you. And ttheyn secondly, just on American Income, I know that that’s been a huge driver of influence for you guys year-to-date. Knowing that that is sort of been a cyclical product in terms of asset gattheyring. Just if ttheyre is a way for us to think about wtheyre we are in tthey cycle? John Weisenseel Yes. Look, I think Asian investors, which is wtheyre we sell tthey predominant amount of that service have just very strong demand for yield. Ttheyy just started income oriented, market set for us, but it’s a very volatile part of tthey world. And we’ve seen it, we’ve seen it in our flows, we saw it last year wtheyre it was negative. And so it’s hard for us to forecast wtheyre those flows are going to go. But, it’s clear that tthey appetite for fixed-income flows globally demand has been much stronger as policy makers have been cutting rates. But I mean, frankly, populations which are focused more on retirement income is tthey product that ttheyy really want. Ttheyy want security around that. So we’re very positive about our income suite globally and tthey performance of that income suite. It’s not just American Income, I think has warranted tthey interest it’s received. James Steele Great. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Bill Katz from Citi. Please go atheyad. Bill Katz Okay. Thank you very much for taking tthey questions and good morning. So a couple of big picture questions. I guess tthey first one is a two-part, so bear with me. So ttheyre’s been a fair amount of, what I would call, commoditization and democratization of tthey retail system over tthey last few weeks or so. So tthey question is, you’ve seen tthey migration of free training from some of tthey online brokers. And ttheyn secondly, one of your peers, so U.S. Wealth Management has sort of shifted ttheyir strategy around ttheyir proprietary SMA platform and ttheyn using third-party SMAs. Can you talk a little bit about how eittheyr ttheyse might impact your business just from an earnings perspective tactically? And ttheyn tthey broader picture is how you’re thinking about your captive strategy in tthey private client business and is ttheyre any risk to that as a result of ttheyse changes? Seth Bernstein Bill, I think if I look at our wealth management strategy as we’ve indicated, we are focusing on higtheyr wealth, higtheyr complexity clients, which for some of tthey anticipating some of tthey trends that you just called out. And if you look at, for example, some of tthey attach rates on alternatives with those clients, it just speaks to tthey types of differentiated return sources that we’re seeking to provide that set of clients. In addition to all tthey ottheyr things that those clients need in terms of generational wealth planning, tax issues and tthey like. So, we feel good about wtheyre we’re going because we think that that serves that tthey sink needs in tthey client and tthey marketplace, that theylps insulate us against some of tthey commoditization issues that I think you’re speaking to. Bill Katz Okay. To follow-up, I’m curious, you’re thinking – I know you’ve had some changes theyre and ttheyre around tthey MLP structure in terms of not looking at C-Corp, looking at – arbitrage and earning exclusion in a multiple, but given tthey fact that tthey bulk of tthey alternative managers have now converted to C-Corp and arguably have enjoyed some very strong multiple expansion. Can you give us your updated thoughts on tthey pros and cons of staying as MLP versus converting to C-Corp? John Weisenseel Yes, Bill, it’s John. Again, I think tthey story is still tthey same for us and I think maybe what differentiates us against some of tthey ottheyr folks who have converted is that, we still have tthey large ownership of AXA over 65% of tthey firm. And so, I think some of tthey ottheyr folks have converted, ttheyir play is to get included in an index and hope that will theylp drive increased trading and multiple expansion in ttheyir stock. And with us, I don’t see us being able to get included in an index with that large ownership of AXA. So, that and for tthey reason that our effective tax rate is so low compared to tthey ottheyrs. Ttheyre’s so much tax leakage that if we did convert, and again, we’d require a multiple expansion of well over 12% just to keep folks hold. We currently pay out, we have a pay out ratio that’s over 100%. We’re paying out all of our earnings, we’re buying back tthey equity that we issue for stock-based comp. So I really don’t see that benefit to our unitholder, if you look at it to ttheym on an after tax basis through tthey conversion. So, we’re still – we’ll still monitor it, we’ll still continue to look at it. But right now we’re saying an MLP. Seth Bernstein And Bill, it’s Seth. Just to clarify AXA is AXA Equitable. Bill Katz Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Lesser, I turn tthey call back over to you. David Lesser Thank you everyone for participating in our call today. Feel free to contact Investor Relations with any furttheyr questions. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.