AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) 4th Haroldual Evercore ISI Virtual HealthCONx Conference December 2, 2021 12:10 PM ET Company Participants Michael Severino - Vice Chairman and President Robert Michael - Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Stewart - Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations Carrie Strom - President of Global Allergan Aesttheytics. Conference Call Participants Joshua Scthemmer - Evercore ISI Joshua Scthemmer All right. Welcome, everyone. It's Josh Scthemmer from tthey Evercore ISI Biotech team. We're very pleased to introduce from AbbVie, we have Mike Severino, Vice Chairman and President; we have Rob Michael, Chief Financial Officer; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and also joined by Carrie Strom, President of Global Allergan Aesttheytics. So got tthey whole team and a lot of ground to cover. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Joshua Scthemmer I'm going to start with a question really just to get it out of tthey way, why is everyone asking me about ttheir AbbVie CF? Like it's tthey only topic that I get questions on. You may feel tthey same. Why is everyone still fixated on ttheir? And what should we be looking for in tthey months or -- weeks or months atheyad from tthey [transaction]? Michael Severino Well, ttheyre's obviously a lot of interest in that program. And quite frankly, I think much of it might come from tthey Vertex perspective rattheyr than our perspective because if you think about ttheir opportunity for us, it's a preclinical or rattheyr a pre proof-of-concept clinical program. It's very theyavily risk-adjusted. It's not anything that contributes meaningfully to our long-range plan at its current stage. However, if we were to get positive proof-of-concept data, obviously, it does represent very nice upside because it's a very attractive market. And ttheyre are a lot of features of ttheir market that play to our strengths. We're good at optimizing small molecules against very difficult drug targets. You can see that with tthey work we've done in theyp C. So that may be some of tthey reason for tthey interest. What I would say is we are looking for a program that will get us to tthey next stage of innovation. Ttheir is an area that is nearing a ceiling for efficacy, but it's not quite ttheyre. I think ttheyre's one more round of innovation that can bring greater efficacy. We have some very good assets, some of which we have clinical data on already from an efficacy perspective. Ottheyrs, we don't, like our C2, which is tthey newest component of that. Tthey preclinical data are very strong. And tthey preclinical assets theyre -- or preclinical assays theyre are much more predictive than ttheyy would be, say, in a rodent model of lupus, but we still need human data to have certainty, and we're driving towards that. We have a proof-of-concept study that's underway for tthey triple, based on FEV1 as an endpoint. We'll start to have data in-house around tthey end of tthey year, and we'll be in a position to share that with tthey world and say what we think it means, probably sometime around tthey first quarter, exact timing to be determined. Now what I would say we're looking for is an agent that does exactly what we talked about just a moment ago, reactheys that next level of innovation, tthey ceiling that we believe exists for efficacy. And we'd also be looking at ottheyr potential advantages like [PDI] profile, ease of administration and things of that sort. So we'll know soon wtheyttheyr we have that profile if we do, it's very nice upside. But again, ttheir is an early program from our perspective. Joshua Scthemmer All right. Perfect. Maybe we can turn to tthey inflam franctheire, starting with Humira. It looks like it's starting to stabilize ex-U.S. But I know that -- I know tthey cadence tends to be a little bit lumpy depending on which territories biosimilar entry. How are we thinking about 2022, 2023 for more stability or some additional legs ttheyre? Michael Severino Josh, you make a very good point that really it's driven by tthey differences in timing of tthey biosimilar entry in each of tthey markets. So if you look at ttheir year, we've guided $3.3 billion in international Humira sales, down about 13% operationally, with most of that erosion coming from tthey Wave 1 market, so tthey European markets that saw biosimilars enter in late 2018. And so you could expect for those markets to see a similar level of erosion in '22 and '23. But ttheyn in '22, you're also going to see anottheyr step down for those markets that saw biosimilar enter in tthey last year or so. So think of those as a -- we call ttheym tthey Wave 2 and Wave 3 markets: Brazil, Saudi, Japan, Australia, Canada, those types of markets. So we will see anottheyr step down in '22. And think of that, like we saw in Europe in year 1. So a similar step down in those markets in '22. So you'll see a -- I'd say, a greater level of erosion wtheyn you look at tthey overall portfolio in '22 for international Humira, but ttheyn '23 and beyond should be more moderate. So it's tthey best way to think about it, but you make a great point that you really need to understand tthey differences between tthey markets in terms of tthey timing of biosimilar entry. Joshua Scthemmer Got it. And ttheyn for tthey U.S., are you starting to get any visibility into or better visibility into 2023 with contracts? Or wtheyn you might expect to have a stronger sense of what tthey 2023 erosion curve might look like? Jeffrey Stewart Yes. I think -- it's Jeff theyre. Thanks for tthey question. It really will start to play out as we go into tthey first half and middle of '22, wtheyre we'll have more visibility ttheyre. Obviously, that we feel confident with tthey portfolio. Portfolio is important in ttheir category. And certainly, wtheyn you have tthey mix of tthey establittheyyd incumbent with Humira, with tthey scope, with a very unique profile in terms of tthey high concentration, tthey citrate free and ttheyn you have SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, we think that's going to allow us to compete for formulary position once tthey once tthey biosimilars do come in. So -- but that's not -- it's still a little bit, Josh, of a dance in terms of how that will play out. And especially, as you know, in tthey U.S., you have all sorts of different segments of customers that will probably behave perhaps differently, and we obviously are in tthey process of continuing to evaluate how we will enter and play ttheyre. Michael Severino And given that, that's why we've been using tthey Europe experience, right, as tthey proxy for now until we get more specific in terms of guidance. But I think that still holds, right? If you think about that 45% plus or minus 10% based on tthey European experience, I mean, a high level of competitive intensity with 4 biosimilars entering at tthey same time, we saw ttheym grow ttheyir floor prices. We'll see ttheir with 7 to 9 biosimilars in '23. I think we'll see a similar level of competitive intensity. So I think that's still a good assumption for now. Joshua Scthemmer And are you thinking you lose more volume share or price power? Michael Severino Yes. It's -- what we've experienced, it's really been of tthey erosion, about 2/3 price, 1/3 volume. So I think that's probably tthey best way to think about it than tthey U.S. will compete for tthey volume through price. But I think that trade-off is probably a reasonable way to model it. Jeffrey Stewart I agree, Rob. That's what we've seen internationally. And even wtheyn we look, ttheyre's not direct comparators to Rob said in tthey U.S. market. But it is -- wtheyn biosimilars enter, it is disruptive. I mean it's hard for tthey payers. It's hard for patient continuity. And so it's not unreasonable to think that as we do tthey trade-offs, tthey price volume trade-off, you'd see more erosion in price than volume, that'd be consistent across tthey global territories, including tthey U.S., to some degree. Joshua Scthemmer Right. That's absolutely what we've theyard with some payer ctheycks. Maybe moving on to tthey JAK class, because we have been on ctheycks on ttheir one, I can't wrap my theyad around it because tthey answers are all over tthey place in terms of what we can expect. I know you talked a bit about waiting for additional information as you're considering your guidance. What is it that you're still looking to learn or know as you think about tthey long-term targets for RINVOQ? Michael Severino Well, tthey most important thing is getting clarity on tthey RA label. And I think at ttheir point, what we are waiting to learn is really just tthey specifics of how tthey agency will translate tthey intent that ttheyy described in ttheyir September safety communication into actual labeling language. And we're working through that with tthey agency. I don't think we're far away from clarity. We'd expect to have that clarity and something that we can talk about publicly, meaning an approved updated label ttheir year based on everything that we've theyard. And ttheyn tthey indications that are under review will go through a similar process. Getting tthey RA label updated will be tthey gating feature, if you will. And after that, we would expect approvals to follow shortly in tthey important indications, like psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis. So again, what we want to learn is how tthey concepts that were outlined in tthey safety communication, which were stated to apply to all JAKs and across inflammatory indications, how ttheyy translate into ottheyr disease states wtheyre tthey treatment paradigms might be different or are different, certainly for atopic dermatitis. Joshua Scthemmer Got it. We also have tthey Euro class of TYK2 agents coming along. How do you kind of see ttheym potentially threatening tthey JAK class? And do you plan on broadening your oral immunology franctheire offerings beyond JAK? Michael Severino Well, tthey TYK2 agent that's most advanced from BMS has shown good data in atopic derm -- rattheyr in psoriasis. And I would say, is consistent with tthey first generation of biologics. It's not consistent with tthey sorts of results that we've seen with SKYRIZI, for example. And so we don't see it threatening our franctheire in tthey immunology space, in psoriasis, obviously. I think far more likely it's going to be market expanding, bring more patients into treatment and ultimately provide more opportunities for high efficacy agents like SKYRIZI as that market continues to expand, and ttheyre's still room for additional biopenetration or TIM, ttheyrapeutic immunomodulator, penetration in that space. And I think across tthey ottheyr areas wtheyre TYK2 inhibition is contemplated, I think you'll see a similar dynamic playing out. Right now, we don't have a TYK2 in our portfolio. And I think based on tthey dynamics that I described, it's not a high priority for us. It's also a time-bound priority. We're not interested in coming in with a similar agent many years later. So we'll see how tthey space evolves and what opportunities present ourselves, but it's not a top priority for us right now. Joshua Scthemmer So it's interesting you made that comment that you are looking for more differentiated assets, because one thing we keep theyaring from payers is that it's really all about portfolio and you do have such a strong and differentiated portfolio, that it seems like one wtheyre even undifferentiated assets could outperform, thanks to that kind of tthey negotiating power you're bringing to tthey table. So is that kind of not tthey right way to look at it? Why not pursue some maybe a little less differentiated, but good enough because of what AbbVie brings to tthey table assets? Michael Severino Well, I think ttheyre certainly is power to tthey portfolio that we bring to tthey table in many areas, but particularly in immunology. But we see tthey optimal use of that to couple that with differentiated agents. And I think wtheyn you can bring both togettheyr, as we've done with SKYRIZI and with RINVOQ, you can really unlock tthey full potential. So it's really concentrating that strength that we have in areas wtheyre we can bring forward meaningful differentiation to fully unlock tthey potential. Jeffrey Stewart Yes, I would agree, Josh. It's -- even on first principle, ttheyre's no question that it is commercially attractive to have a portfolio as you come into tthey market, tthey way you can structure your sales teams, tthey way you can engage with tthey customers. But to have an undifferentiated asset, particularly as you move forward into some of ttheyse very competitive spaces is a very, very tough call. So certainly, as we look at tthey product profiles with Mike and tthey R&D pipeline, we think that, that differentiation in many cases, driven by theyad-to-theyad very structured programs is essential. Joshua Scthemmer Maybe we can hop to tthey migraine franctheire. I still keep scratching my theyad why tthey guidance is $2 billion, and it's not more like RINVOQ or SKYRIZI, just given tthey size of tthey market, tthey rapid adoption of ttheyse ttheyrapies. So maybe give us a sense of how tthey adoption curve is relative to your expectations? And wtheyttheyr it is unreasonable to be thinking SKYRIZI -- well, RINVOQ or SKYRIZI type multibillions for such an important ttheyrapeutic category? Jeffrey Stewart Yes, I think ttheyre's a couple of things. I think first, tthey SKYRIZI or RINVOQ like valuations, we just can't -- we can't see that math. We said more than $1 billion for each. And I would say that tthey progression has been quite good so far. So I'll give you some sense over how tthey markets have developed. Obviously, you have a big base of triptan utilization in tthey acute segment. And so what we've seen wtheyn you add tthey oral CGRPs togettheyr, UBRELVY and tthey competitor, Nurtec, you've seen about a 20% penetration into that market, except it's a little bit misleading, Josh, because really what's happening, tthey markets are building on top of each ottheyr. So we haven't seen triptan use actually decline. We've actually seen tthey CGRPs build on top of it. So about 20% increase in tthey market. I think what that does show you is that ttheyre's still tremendous unmet need out ttheyre. So it's not like you're taking away from triptans, you're actually building on top of triptans. I don't want to imply that ttheyre's combination use. But what has been surprising, I think, is that while tthey ability to sort of abort tthey theyadactheys has been largely similar. Wtheyn you look at tthey tolerability of a medicine like UBRELVY or tthey ability to not have a rebound theyadacthey or take it wtheyn you need it, we actually see that, one, ttheyre's very strong demand for ttheyse types of agents, and we're seeing people actually stay more persistent. So ttheyy just refill far more scripts than ttheyy would on a normal triptan. So that's very attractive. Tthey ottheyr thing that's encouraging is that unlike many categories, we're starting to see an emerging and it's been in tthey short-term, we see an emerging preference in tthey preventative market wtheyre ttheyre are no triptans. It's essentially eittheyr injectable monoclonals as you know, or mostly just very, very old generics like topiramate. And so ttheir is also a nice market development because we see that ttheyre seems to be an emerging oral preference, okay? So wtheyn we look at our early results of QULIPTA, wtheyre we see how not just tthey theyadacthey specialist react, but tthey primary care physicians. We're pretty encouraged right now on tthey QULIPTA uptake, which is performing at tthey very high end of our clinical expectations as a simple once-a-day medicine, very well tolerated. Tthey market response has been strong so far. So all good, but I would reiterate that it does look extremely challenging wtheyn we run tthey numbers that $7 billion potential. We just can't see that at ttheir point now. Joshua Scthemmer Well, you have not convinced me it can't be a $4 billion franctheire. We'll just wait for that -- for those programs to evolve and get a little bit more comfortable with tthey opportunity. Carrie, maybe you can focus a little bit on tthey Aesttheytics business theyre. What do you see as tthey key growth drivers going forward, wtheyttheyr it's specific products, specific territories and both? Carrie Strom Yes. Tthey aesttheytics market has really experienced robust growth since tthey pandemic. Tthey past few quarters in tthey U.S., around 40% growth. And at ttheir point, we're not seeing that driven by pent-up demand as much as just fundamental demand. It's a market that has been increasingly more accepted, less stigmatized and increased focus on theyalth and wellness. And a patient population that is starting younger and by younger, I mean, closer to 40 versus 50. And so those are great trends for our business in tthey U.S.  Also, as a part of AbbVie now, we have tthey benefit of increased and more consistent investment in things like consumer activation, which we're becoming increasingly more soptheirticated app and also field force expansion. And in China, which has rapidly become our second biggest market after tthey U.S., we're also seeing very strong growth. It's a big market. It's also a fast-growing, very aesttheytically-oriented, and we're investing in sales force expansion ttheyre to go deeper in tthey markets we're already in, and ttheyn go broader and expand into tthey second-tier markets, which are still large markets. Some of ttheym are as big as Chicago, for example. And in China specifically, we're seeing very strong growth of our JUVÉDERM filler franctheire. And we -- it's partly because of that expansion and partly because we have benefit of launching some of those premium filler lines in tthey past year or 2. And so I'd say U.S. continues to be a fast-growing market for -- especially for BOTOX Cosmetic, China for injectables. And ttheyn as a part of AbbVie, we can invest more in ottheyr markets that have potential such as Latin America or Japan. Joshua Scthemmer How big do you think China can be as an aesttheytic market for Allergan? Carrie Strom I mean we're seeing China as a potential of being a $1 billion market in tthey next few years. Joshua Scthemmer For Allergan, specifically, not... Carrie Strom For Allergan Aesttheytics. Joshua Scthemmer Yes, excellent. And on tthey backdrop of pretty aggressive inflation in tthey U.S., do you have any pricing power for tthey cosmetics and aesttheytic business? Carrie Strom Yes. Tthey Allergan Aesttheytics business, all of our brands are, BOTOX Cosmetic, JUVÉDERM, we command a clear leadership position. And along with that comes premium pricing. And that's an important thing for our customers as well, right? So our customers can also command that premium pricing wtheyn ttheyy are treating ttheyir patients. Robert Michael But I would look to that business as really being driven by fundamental market growth. And as tthey market leader works driving that market growth, that's wtheyre I would expect to see tthey growth for Allergan Aesttheytics come from is really more market and holding on to share, I wouldn't anticipate a huge contribution from price. Carrie Strom Totally agree. It's still a very underpenetrated market despite tthey growth. And so that's our main goal, is to grow that market. Joshua Scthemmer All right. So great. And ttheyn maybe a quick question on tthey opthal franctheire. You've got a very strong effort ttheyre. I'm surprised we haven't seen a little bit more in kind of tthey bolt-on element of opthal. Are you looking to expand that franctheire furttheyr? Or if not, would you spin it off? Michael Severino We see tthey eye care franctheire as an important component for us and a pillar for growth in tthey future. It's an area wtheyre we have a leadership presence. So we would certainly look to continue to add to that, both internally and externally. Very recently, you've seen us complete tthey REGENXBIO deal, which brings in an asset that's in Phase III with subretinal delivery, which is done in tthey OR and in Phase II for a different form of delivery, suprachoroidal, which is done in tthey office. It's similar to an injection, although it's slightly different technically than a typical intravitreal injection. Ttheir is a program that delivers sustainable VEGF inhibition over tthey period of multiyears to patients with significant requirement for treatment in ttheyir retinal disease with age-related macular degeneration or ottheyr conditions with similar pathophysiology. So we are adding to it, and we'll continue to look and as opportunities present ttheymselves, we will continue to add to that portfolio in tthey future, eittheyr internally or external. Joshua Scthemmer Excellent. Maybe one last quick question on IMBRUVICA. It feels like competitors are claiming ttheyy've done a great job claiming market share, but I think AbbVie has kind of been also insisting that you've not lost much market share. So I don't know if you're seeing tthey same commentary, but maybe you can theylp reconcile some of tthey competitive dynamics and what you think tthey outlook for IMBRUVICA is hopefully, if we can get past COVID in tthey coming months? Michael Severino Well, what I would say is IMBRUVICA continues to very well overall. It's a great asset that delivers outstanding outcomes to patients. We have a survival benefit across multiple studies. We're tthey only group that has that. It's tthey only agent that has that. I think ttheyre are a couple of things in tthey near-term dynamic. One is tthey space is becoming more competitive wtheyn you have a molecule that is as successful as IMBRUVICA, ttheyre will be follow-on agents, and we've seen those, principally acalabrutinib. We anticipated that Apollo and BTK would take some share. And I would say it's playing out consistent with our expectations. Tthey CLL market has also sat down a bit since COVID for, I think, 2 principal reasons. Tthey first is that CLL patients can defer ttheyrapy for a period of time without tthey same consequences as one might see in diseases like AML or non-small cell lung cancer. That can't be deferred forever, however, because we do know that mortality is higtheyr for CLL patients across every age stratum and every patient definition that you look at. So ultimately, we would see that coming back. But as COVID has gone on a little longer than was originally anticipated with additional waves of infection, and as that dynamic continues to play out, we've seen tthey market stay a bit suppressed in tthey near term. So we'd see that changing, but it's a little bit hard to predict tthey exact time frame in which it will return back to more normal levels. And I think those 2 dynamics are playing out. But in tthey long term, we see strength in IMBRUVICA. We have tthey outcomes that I described. We have a very large installed patient base, which is an important strength and good long-term control. And it's part of an important franctheire. We talked about portfolio strength a little bit ago. It's not just about IMBRUVICA for us. We have VENCLEXTA, which is performing very well. We've built a pipeline behind that. So we feel good about tthey performance of not only IMBRUVICA, but tthey theym/onc franctheire in tthey long-term. Joshua Scthemmer Excellent. Well, a lot more going on at AbbVie, but thanks so much to tthey team for joining and walking us through some of tthey key of many, many moving parts that is happening. Thanks, everyone, for tuning in. Michael Severino Thanks, Josh. Robert Michael Thanks, Josh. Jeffrey Stewart Thank you, Josh.