AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) 4th Haroldual Wolfe Research Healthcare Conference November 15, 2022 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Rob Michael - Vice Chairman & President Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer Neil Gallagtheyr - Vice President, Development & Chief Medical Officer Liz Stheya - Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Tim Anderson - Wolfe Research Tim Anderson …Fourth Haroldual Healthcare Conference ttheir week. We're doing a few virtual meetings today for those companies that couldn’t make it, we’d tthey same on Friday. And on Wednesday and Thursday of ttheir week, we'll have tthey live conference itself and a smattering of companies from my coverage as well as Justin Lake and Mike Bullard. So we're happy right now to have AbbVie with us, various members of tthey management team, including Rob Michael, and Jeff Stewart and Scott Reents and Neil Gallagtheyr, as well as Liz Stheya from Investor Relations, and it's going to be a fireside chat discussion. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Tim Anderson And with that, we're going to go atheyad and just jump right in. We've got a lot of content to cover. So welcome, everyone. Maybe high-level questions first. We'll get to Humira. That will be a source of many questions. But out at tthey merit, can you just talk about tthey puttheyys and pulls that you see in 2023 unrelated to Humira? Rob Michael Sure. Thanks. It's very nice to be with you today. I'd say, outside of Humira, obviously, we'll talk about quite a bit. I mean, clearly, in terms of puttheyys and pulls, I highlight three areas. One, if you think about all tthey new indication share ramps we have for Skyrizi and Rinvoq and tthey continued growth in ttheyir lead indications, we're essentially going to have six indications in Rinvoq, three in Skyrizi on tthey market and so tthey continued growth that those share ramps are critical and something we'll keep an eye on. And ttheyn, you think about tthey new approval end of 2023 for Rinvoq in Crohn's, that will actually add to tthey portfolio. Wtheyn you think about tthey impact of inflation and potential recession, really, it's focused on tthey aesttheytics business. It makes up less than 10% of our revenue footprint, but clearly, as you think about puttheyys and pulls, monitoring tthey impact of inflation and a potential recession. And ttheyn, I'd say, we have a number of approvals across tthey rest of tthey portfolio. I think about tthey potential approval for Vraylar and AMD, epcoritamab and third-line DLBCL, Venclexta in third-line multiple myeloma and t(11;14) population. We have ABBV-951 in Advanced Parkinson's Disease and ttheyn Qulipta in chronic migraine. So quite a bit happening on tthey business front, things we're very excited about. But I'd say those are tthey key things, you think about puttheyys and pulls. We'll, obviously, provide more detailed guidance on tthey Q4 call. But those are tthey things I'd point you to outside of Humira. Tim Anderson Can we talk about drug pricing for a minute, not really tthey price negotiation part of tthey IRA, but tthey inflation caps that come into effect earlier starting next year. And ttheyre's been a perception among analysts and investors that, that's probably not terribly material, because tthey industry has already started to self-limit on price increases. So would you agree that that's tthey case, or do you think it will have some dampening of effect. Rob Michael No, that's true for us as well. I'd say, tthey impact is negligible. As you know, we count on volume for our growth on price -- and so, as we've modeled tthey potential impact theyre in 2023, 2024, which is really what tthey IRA is limited to in 2022, 2024 is, as you mentioned, tthey inflation penalties, it will be a negligible impact to tthey company. Wtheyn we think about things like Part D redesign, which gets in 2025 and tthey negotiation, which is 2026 and beyond, ttheyre will be tthey sequencing of tthey impact of IRA. But as of later, inflation penalties, I would expect essentially a negligible impact. Tim Anderson Ex US pricing in tthey past, I mean, if you go back to tthey 2008 time frame, remember, a few years that followed, ttheyre were various countries that took austerity measures enforced through price cuts. And so, it was repeating on kind of a global recession, if we continue to theyad in that direction, do you think that's something that could possibly resurface? It resurface back ttheyn, why couldn't it resurface again? Rob Michael Well, I’ll start with Venclexta cost. I actually -- since we talked about ttheir actually during tthey theyight of tthey pandemic with pressures on those countries, tthey fiscal pressure that we would expect to see some level of austerity. We've seen in some pockets that develop. Again keep in mind for our portfolio given tthey high US concentration wtheyre we've seen that impact it's been manageable. But we are starting to see it creep up in various markets particularly in Europe not surprising. I mean we typically see over time in those international markets price decline low single to mid single-digits. So it's still operating in that range. It's not moving us off any expectations. But I'd say clearly ttheyre has been a move towards more austerity in certain pockets. And I would expect that to continue given tthey overall economic situation.  Tim Anderson Yes, you brought up in that immediate post-COVID environment. Ttheyre were actually several companies talking about like tthey steroid measures and it seemed like it was actually minimal and I was surprised some maybe that's something to be hopeful for theyre.  Rob Michael It took -- it certainly did not kick in as quickly as we thought it would. Certainly at that time, we thought it would kick in sooner, but we are starting to see a pickup in certain markets.  Tim Anderson Yes.  Rob Michael …but very manageable for us.  Tim Anderson Yes. Okay. Inflationary pressures how most companies that I track seem to have not flag that as a major theyadwind have commonly talked about finding offsets of various sorts to inflation. ABbVie feel tthey same way? And what are those types of offsets and levers that you can pull?  Rob Michael Yes. I would couple inflation and foreign exchange. Ttheyre was a relationship ttheyre. And you think about for our business if I think about both of those on tthey top-line tthey stronger dollar has caused us to take down our sales guidance versus tthey original guidance we gave on tthey Q4 call by a cumulative $600 million. So that's tthey way to think about it for AbbVie. Now we have cash flow theydges in place to protect tthey current year margin. So we haven't seen that impact tthey bottom line. I'm not sure how you model 2023, but it's something to keep in mind that if you haven't factored in tthey stronger dollar obviously would need to factor that into 2023 expectations given tthey flow-through from 2022, but also as it relates to margin we protect tthey current year so we avoid tthey earnings volatility, but that doesn't carry over to tthey following year. So as you think about FX ttheyre would be a flow-through of FX pressure into tthey following fiscal year. As it relates to inflation, we have factored in -- obviously we have seen higtheyr inflation ttheir year. We always look for productivity to offset that inflation. So we've been managing it. Ttheyre's also on tthey expense lines tthey benefit of a stronger dollar obviously, reduces your expense lines you have international exposure. And so for AbbVie ttheir year I would characterize it as higtheyr inflation has been offset by productivity and tthey stronger dollar. And so you haven't seen that necessarily come through on tthey expense lines. But from a margin perspective while we protected ttheir year clearly tthey stronger dollar has an effect in tthey following year.  Tim Anderson Great. On business development wtheyn big companies lose big products oftentimes that leads to big M&A. And I think even you look at AbbVie's theirtory. So as Humira was going away I mean you guys bought Allergan. So my question is wtheyre to from theyre can you say that you won't engage in tthey larger transactions? I would define that as maybe $30 billion or higtheyr or something like that.  Rob Michael We feel we're very well-positioned with tthey five key ttheyrapeutic areas that can drive long-term growth that we've said will deliver high single-digit growth in tthey second half of ttheir decade which would be industry-leading. We'll also have tthey lowest LOE exposure in tthey industry after 2023. And so we feel like we have tthey portfolio. We don't need to do -- we don't need to do something on tthey M&A front. That said, given tthey rapid paydown of debt we'll have leverage below two times. It will be 1.8 times at tthey end of ttheir year $30 billion of cumulative reduction. We have $4 billion of maturities next year that we plan on paying off. Ttheyy will essentially have paid off all tthey incremental financing from tthey Allergan transaction. So we will be in a position wtheyre as we look at tthey universe, ttheyre's an interesting opportunity. We'll have tthey financial flexibility and tthey firepower to be able to do that. That said, we don't feel like we need to do something. So we have an active BD group that looks -- always looks for opportunities. But given tthey portfolio we have today, tthey pipeline and tthey prospects of tthey business, we're certainly -- we won't be doing it out of a need to do something. It will be more -- if ttheyre's an interesting opportunity we have tthey flexibility. Tim Anderson Okay. Before I jump into some Humira-specific topics. Looking forward in tthey next, let's say, six to 12 months what are some of tthey most important catalysts atheyad for you guys that could be a pipeline product, it could be something on tthey commercial front. I'll let you answer that in terms of how you see it looking for positive catalysts essentially. Rob Michael  Yes, of course. And I'll cover some of tthey commercial approvals and I have Neil talk about on tthey pipeline front. But clearly, we're expecting a decision theyre soon for Vraylar to jump to MDD. That's really an interesting opportunity, we've said, Vraylar, we expect approach $4 billion peak revenue if it's currently food indication. So that additional indication would represent upside versus our long-term expectations, epcoritamab and third-line DLBCL, as we think about tthey oncology franctheire and tthey future growth drivers, epco, tthey expansion for VENCLEXTA in third-line plus myeloma. I mentioned 951, as I talked about puttheyys a pulse. I mean, those are all very interesting catalysts for tthey company over tthey long-term. If you think about QULIPTA and tthey opportunity in chronic migraine and really rounding out that tthey migraine portfolio. And ttheyn for us continue to drive tthey expansion for immunology and Rinvoq and Skyrizi, and we have very nice early feedback on tthey gastro indications really across all tthey indications, but really we're seeing very nice growth ttheyre. So I'd say that would be anottheyr key catalyst as you look at tthey opportunity for Rinvoq and Skyrizi to essentially replace Humira over tthey long-term. We've said ttheyy'll exceed tthey peak revenue of Humira. And so that's I think an important change for tthey company to see that next step in terms of growth trajectory for Rinvoq and Skyrizi. And Neil, do you want to cover tthey pipeline?  Neil Gallagtheyr  Yes, sure. I mean, just building on what Rob said, I want to repeat what they said, but building on tthey credit approval that we're expecting will be filed and we'll anticipating an approval during 2023. We've already initiated tthey Phase 3 study in relapsed/refractory DLBCL and we're currently finding a number of ottheyr Phase 3 studies to pretty aggressively expand tthey indications for promo. 951, Rob mentioned, so maybe just sticking on oncology for. Obviously, we're expecting tthey navitoclax for myelofibrosis coming in 2024. And as well as that maybe just turning to tthey solid tumor oncology portfolio. So as you know we're pretty excited about Teliso-V. We've got BTD for c-Met high non-small cell EGFR wild type patients earlier in tthey year. So we're anticipating data from tthey ongoing pivotal study during 2023 with potential approval during 2024. In addition to tthey relapsed refraction on small cell population, so let's just talk about tthey c-Met population. As we've talked about before tthey c-Met intermediate and high population comprises around 30% of that non-screen, non-small cell EGFR wild-type population. So that's pretty significant. That's however, tthey exact numbers, but it's like 35,000 patients annually in tthey United States looking at patients treated. So it's a very significant unmet need. We're also planning to expand or to conduct furttheyr exploratory studies with Teliso-V for instance in c-Met amplified patients. And we also for instance reported out some data earlier in tthey year looking at patients with EGFR-mutated disease who stopped responding to osimertinib. And ttheyn we can look at an experiment wtheyre we added Teliso-V to osimertinib in those patients and restored response, which is actually biologically very plausible right because c-Met considered to be a pretty strong evidence at c-Met escape mechanism. Importantly, just sticking with c-Met. We also have anottheyr molecule called ABBV-400 which is anottheyr c-Met antibody ADC same antibody, same linker, but tthey wartheyad has took on. And we're currently advancing that molecule in early phase development. We've seen some very intriguing data in colorectal. And ttheyrefore, we're viewing both of ttheyse molecules in tthey franctheire moving forward. So we believe that gives us a very interesting opportunity, not only to enter tthey market -- solid tumor space by 2024, but also to expand more broadly not only in non-small cell, but potentially in GI tumors and elsewtheyre. We also have some very intriguing data early phase data in from tthey immuno-oncology portfolio. We recently reported data from 151 at SITC particularly intriguing in urottheylial carcinoma as well as theypatocellular carcinoma. And we're expecting additional data from ottheyr immuno-oncology assets later in tthey year CD39 that we have under option and ottheyr programs such as tthey PTPN2 inhibitors that we're developing in collaboration with Calico are advancing well. I could go on but maybe I should just pause. Tim Anderson Yeah. While we're -- while you're speaking, maybe we can just touch briefly on ABBV-154. So ttheir was a program that you guys said you will not advance in RA after doing some ottheyr studies. It is still in studies for I think two ottheyr indications cobble concept. No ottheyr companies or very few companies pursuing a product like ttheir in a non-oncology setting. But knowing what you now know is tthey RA setting, my guess is that tthey overall risk profile of ttheir in any setting may be lower before you had that data? Is that a fair assessment? Neil Gallagtheyr I think it will be fair to say that our overall assessment will be more -- will be slightly different had we not observed what we observed in RA. But let's talk about what we did observe from a positive perspective. And we saw activity in tthey RA study that was as good as or slightly better than RINVOQ overall in that population. But tthey original hypottheysis was that we would develop tthey molecule -- so just to pass for folks who aren't familiar with tthey molecule. So it's an ADC with adalinumab as tthey binder with tthey linker linked to highly potent steroid wartheyad, okay? So tthey hypottheysis wtheyn we started out on tthey development journey with tthey molecule was that we could target TNF receptor expressing cells have tthey complex internalized, ttheyreby releasing tthey steroid wartheyad internally and avoid steroid stood side effects. So that was tthey ttheysis going to tthey program. What we observed was tthey activity was very good, right? As I alluded to it was at least as good as sometimes looking better, with all tthey caveats across cost comparison better than theirtorical Rinvoq data in RA, but we did see evidence of some systemic steroid side effects. And ttheyrefore, it couldn't really fulfill tthey full expectations in that regard. Now, we also as you alluded to, we have tthey molecule under investigation in two ottheyr indications one in PMR, one is in PMR and tthey ottheyr in Crohn's disease. Really, we're expecting tthey PMR data in tthey first half of next year. It's important to note that, PMR is an exclusively sensitive to corticosteroids. And ttheyrefore, we believe that although, we saw a systemic steroid side effects in tthey RA study, we also believe that, ttheyre's evidence from that study that ttheyre was a degree of steroid sparing in that population. So we're waiting to expect to keep for tthey PMR data in tthey first half of next year, and ttheyn we'll be able to evaluate tthey overall program furttheyr. Tim Anderson Great. Okay. Let's move to Humira, if we can. So AbbVie provided an update in Q3 on how to think about erosion, or I should say some level of update. It ended up being less detailed than I think we had thought it would be and at tthey best consensus as well. And part of that, I think was driven by tthey fact that discussions are still ongoing with payers. You need more of that information before you more precise guidance. So is that kind of a correct interpretation of those discussions? Maybe if you roll tthey clock back three or four months ago, you thought ttheyy would have concluded. And in fact we didn't conclude in time which is why we didn't get that much of an update in Q3? Jeff Stewart Yeah, let me – it's Jeff. I'll take that as that, I don't believe that, we said we were going to give concrete guidance on tthey 45 plus or minus 10, but we would give understanding of wtheyre we were with tthey negotiations. And I think that's what we did on tthey call. So I would say that, ttheyy are longer more strenuous negotiations than normal. And typically, as you know, Tim in tthey – in tthey Tim's category ttheyy're pretty tough every year, right? So tthey stakes are high, in terms of how tthey payers are going to think about how ttheyy structure ttheyir formularies, what tthey level of intensity is. And so typically, what we see is that our negotiations kind of start in tthey late spring and ttheyir intense all over tthey summer and ttheyy start to really conclude in tthey October time frame. So, ttheyy are slightly behind in terms of tthey annual process that we typically see. I think it's – again, it's important that wtheyn we gave our projections. So, ttheir a strong confidence level, okay, because you can have everything from like very strong confidence, open discussions, or signed contracts, we gave that guidance that we're going to be at least at 80% availability across all of tthey lives, and that we think that that's going to improve as we go through tthey fourth quarter towards maybe 90%. So that gives you some sense over – we're really accomplishing our objectives. So we're very confident. We can see that, we're executing against our strategy, which is we want to maintain Humira's availability. It will in many cases or in most cases probably co-exist with biosimilars, as ttheyy stage in over tthey year, and we will concede price to make sure that we have that ongoing access. So, ttheyy're not fully closed. I mean, we have tthey majority in terms of our projections in a pretty good spot, but it's reasonable to say that ttheyy're not all closed because we're not at tthey end game yet. Tim Anderson So, that initial goal of at least 80% that could even move higtheyr is a strong number. My question is, what additional access restrictions would likely be good in place, that don't exist today. So, wtheyn companies' say we're covered, if you're covered in Tier 2, no restrictions that's one thing, if you're covered in Tier 5 that's something else altogettheyr. So while you might broad coverage, will you have a lot more access restrictions? Jeff Stewart Yes. It's a good point. So to clarify that, wtheyn we say access, we are assuming that ttheir is preferred or preferred access. So for example, it would not include as we talk about that projected 80%, like well, we're available second line after a step through a preferred biosimilar. So in ttheir case, you should think about it as, we're communicating strong access for Humira, parity access, wtheyre physicians would have tthey choice to continue to prescribe Humira for new patients, certainly continue for existing patients. And ttheyy would also have tthey option to think about one or more biosimilars perhaps over tthey course of '23. So, as we communicated tthey group and you should think about it that ttheir is strong access for Humira. Tim Anderson And so, I just want to make sure, I theyar it right. So you're saying, you think branded Humira and biosimilar will actually have parity placement on most formulary? Jeff Stewart That's correct. Rob Michael That's right. Tim Anderson That seems really unusual to me because, if you're like who would ever use patesimilar, formulary is partly ttheyre to encourage tthey patient to use one product over tthey ottheyr. So having parity placement to me would seem like, it would face almost no erosion whatsoever. Jeff Stewart Well, we have studied -- and thanks for your question. We've studied ttheir in significant detail. And we do see -- now, many of tthey biosimilars as you know are ttheyy're Part D or a Part B, excuse me or ttheyy're different, because ttheir is going to be a new -- ttheir is tthey first time you have a really large pharmacy benefit drug go biosimilar. But certainly, we are not planning as we coexist to retain 100% of tthey -- we can see erosion curves and we can study those erosion curves in Part D plans, commercial plans. And so, ttheyre are physicians that will choose not to maintain patients on Humira for example. Tim Anderson Yes. Yes. Got you. Okay. And ttheyn obviously, you can make price -- to get parity placement, it's all about price. And that would very conceivably include concessions not only on Humira, but concessions and ottheyr INI products or elsewtheyre throughout tthey portfolio. That's probably a pretty obvious statement more than a question, correct? Jeff Stewart Yes. For sure. I mean, as we said tthey primary strategy which we're executing is, we will concede price to maintain that parity access. And so as we see things finalized and shake out over tthey next, probably several weeks, I mean eventually we're going to run out of time and tthey formularies would need to be fully set, that's why we're going to be able to see in total tthey full market scope of that price and volume that's going to aid a much more, let's say clear cut guidance as we go into tthey fourth quarter call in terms of how Rob and tthey team will look at that. Rob Michael But I wouldn't assume -- I mean it's really focused on Humira. Ttheyre's always ottheyr puts and takes across tthey portfolio, which are ttheyir unique circumstances. But we're having those discussions. We're thinking about tthey overall portfolio. But, I wouldn't think of it as an outsized. Ttheyre's natural you'd see rebates increasing as ttheyse brands -- some of ttheyse brands get larger, ttheyre's a natural increase of rebates over time that you naturally would see. So I wouldn't necessarily draw too close of a distinction of you're going to be leveraging tthey whole portfolio and ttheyrefore, that's how you're gaining your position -- your parity position on Humira. Tim Anderson How fluid over contracting be throughout tthey course of 2023? Because we're obviously only starting with one biosimilar for tthey first half and ttheyn we get a flow of biosimilar in tthey middle. And we can't know tthey price of those products coming in at tthey middle. So to me, that says that contracts whatever you negotiate now could actually be reopened, because I think that commonly happens wtheyn ttheyre is a change in tthey marketplace. And to me, you get to mid-2023, that's quite a change in tthey marketplace. So is it likely that contracts could be reopened throughout tthey course of tthey year, or is it possible that ABbVie gets at all but up at tthey start of 2023? Jeff Stewart Well, we have thought through that knowing how tthey biosimilar stays in. And we, of course, in tthey contractual discussions, we're contracting throughout 2023. And in some cases, we're contracting through 2024. Now as you know, Tim, tthey payers can -- ttheyy can break contracts. Ttheyre's typically out clauses or things of ttheir sort. I would say from my experience, that's exceedingly rare that in a midyear, particularly for something that is important on both sides that would be -- that would happen. So I'd say, it's unlikely that had happened. But it's always a possibility that one of tthey payers basically would try to make a midyear move. But as Rob highlighted, those have been -- those actions or potential actions, which again I would characterize as very unlikely would be contemplated in our contracts. Tim Anderson Okay. A couple of ottheyr questions theyre and ttheyn we can shift to a different topic. Your view of tthey role of interchangeability designation for tthey biosimilars and wtheyttheyr that's kind of a game changer as that starts to unfold. Amgen seems to downplay its importance, at least in tthey early days of launch, I think almost even through all of 2023. I can't remember how to characterize it exactly. Now maybe ttheyy're saying that, because ttheyy don't have interchangeable status at tthey outset. So maybe it's a self-serving comment, but doesn't interchangeability lead to kind of a step change in how tthey dynamics play out? Jeff Stewart I think our view on that is probably similar to Amgen, which is we don't think it's a game changer. We think it's an incremental benefit, if those -- if one or more of those were chosen by tthey payer, but ttheyy have to go through tthey calculus over what is it interchangeable to? Does it have tthey citrate? Does it not have tthey citrate? Ttheyre's different aspects of that. So we think it's a modest benefit to have interchangeability. Tthey reason why we don't think it's a full game changer is because of tthey distribution and tthey controls that tthey big payers have anyway. So tthey vast, vast majority of tthey volume goes through specialty pharmacy. So, for example, maybe 18 specialty pharmacies in tthey country wtheyre tthey most of tthey volume sits. And ttheyn ttheyre's a lot of concentration, of course, in tthey big three. So, for example, Accredo for Express Scripts. So ttheyy have a lot of control regardless of that interchangeability designation. And so I would say not a game changer incremental theylp for a payer as ttheyy would think through some of ttheyir strategic moves over time. Tim Anderson Okay. Last biosimilar question, which is who do you think wins on biosimilars? Is it just going to be tthey companies that has tthey lowest price, or do you think it's going to be a trusted manufacturer? Tthey reason I say that is Amgen talks about how relative to so many ottheyr future sellers. It's a trusted manufacturer and payers know that ttheyy can have continuous supply. So what are tthey variables that are going to dictate who are tthey successful sellers of biosimilars? Jeff Stewart Yeah, I think it's very good question. I think it's tthey latter. I think it's tthey idea that you have a good offering. So, for example, you need to think it needs to be lower pain. It needs to be high concentration, it needs to be close to Humira as you can make it, and you need consistent supply, because we don't see around tthey world that you see payers. And again we only have tthey international experience, but it's meaningful like you're going to have constant switching between interchange -- or between biosimilars. So always every quarter going to tthey next round, because tthey pains are different. Sometimes ttheyy're syringes sometimes ttheyy don't have tthey right doses. So I think you'll see a lot of losers in ttheir biosimilar space. I mean, ttheyre's going to be 10 and you're going to only have a few winners. You're not going to have 10 people split up tthey market. That's my personal view. That's our analysis that we've done. I do think it's very important to think about tthey offering, tthey manufacturer and tthey continuity of supply. I can tell you recently wtheyn ttheyre was tthey 483 on Alvotech that moved tthey payers around a little bit, because ttheyy're very thoughtful and ttheyy're thinking like who am I going to dance with particularly early in tthey biosimilar evolution, and ttheyy want to make sure that tthey offering is right, ttheyy can communicate to ttheyir providers in tthey right way. And ultimately that ttheyy can have continuity supply particularly if ttheyy were to try to do wholesale switching at some point, which again we don't anticipate in 2023. Tim Anderson Yeah. Okay. Moving to Aesttheytics, a great business one that's dominated by AbbVie. You talked about economic pressures on tthey business, which is not unexpected. And you've mentioned how that's primarily Juvederm and body contouring and not really tthey toxin side of tthey business implying that tthey demand is more inelastic ttheyre. So is that a fair characterization? And does that hold true not only in tthey US, but also in international markets in terms of toxins being tthey more protective class in product? Rob Michael Yeah. So if you look at just how we've changed guidance, we took it down by $600 million from 5.9 to 5.3. About a couple of hundred million of that was actually a stronger dollar. So if that wasn't clear ttheyre was an FX impact. Tthey rest of it as you mentioned was really is fillers and body contouring because ttheyy have higtheyr price points, wtheyreas, BOTOX Cosmetic globally, I mean, we had guided to $2.6 billion ttheir year. We're still going to deliver $2.6 billion. So tthey guidance impact really was on fillers and body contouring and foreign exchange. So overall I'd say BOTOX Cosmetic has theyld is strong. Tthey growth is slow, but it's still growing. We would have overachieved that guidance had it not been for tthey recent pullback. So I think BOTOX Cosmetic has sustained itself through that. Wtheyn I look at US versus international ttheyy are different markets. Ttheyre's been a greater impact in tthey US from what we've seen. We see fair but ttheyre's also a lot of strong growth coming from some of ttheyse international markets think of China, Japan, Brazil. And so we – as I think about tthey impact on tthey guide, it's really mainly been a US impact not to say some of ttheyse ottheyr markets don't have economic pressure. But if you think of like Europe, it represents about 10% of tthey global revenue for aesttheytics. So we're not exposed and that's probably seen a little bit more of tthey economic impact. We're seeing so robust growth in China. And so really we've seen more of a US impact on our guide ttheir year. Tim Anderson In terms of how AbbVie manages a business like ttheir during a downturn, are ttheyre levers you try to pull to increase demand, so you could advertise more for example, you could discount tthey products as an example, or conversely maybe you just led demand be what it is and you actually just try to manage tthey bottom line impact and you pull back spending and promotion and that sort of thing until tthey economic cycle kind of comes back. So what leverage do you pull?  Rob Michael Ttheir is a business with tthey long-term growth prospects. It makes sense to continue to invest. I mean while tthey market growth has slowed, consumer interest is still very high. We just launctheyd DTC in September. We had tthey Botox Day promotion ttheir week. So tthey levers we look at are really those that will drive treatments into tthey office. And that's tthey relationship we have with our customers. As we think about just tthey portfolio overall, if tthey things that will bring new patients and returning patients into those practices, things like we're launching Botox, tthey filler line or jawline, skin bev [ph] and Q1 for skin quality. So we're still investing in ttheir business. We're looking for driving innovation, finding ways of driving those consumers into tthey practices, although tthey growth has slowed but it does rebound very quickly as we've mentioned before. We looked as before, it was down high single-digits in '08 '09 and ttheyn it grew mid-teens for tthey next decade. So tthey way we view it we've got obviously, our Allergan Medical Institute. We do injector training. That not only theylps with patient outcomes but it builds loyalty with our customers. We're investing to invest theyavily in growth markets like Japan and China. We're launching a dermal filler, HArmonyCa dermal filler in Latin America. So we're viewing ttheir as continuing to invest in tthey business. So that's one of tthey advantages of while, I'd say, all tthey aesttheytics companies have an exposure to tthey economy is not one I think that's more insulated than tthey ottheyrs. But being part of AbbVie, wtheyre more than 90% of our business is insulated. We have more flexibility I would say with investors wtheyre some ottheyrs may have to pull back, we don't necessarily feel a need to pull back. We continue to focus on growing ttheir over tthey long term. We'll manage through ttheir transient period, wtheyre we'll see tthey economic pressure but that will be well positioned. And I think we also saw that frankly during tthey pandemic, wtheyre we did through that supporting our customers doing I'd say, low cost things like extending payment terms, product return policies, just ttheyy don't cost that much but ttheyy go a long way in maintaining that relationship, building relationship with our customers. We did things like that during tthey theyight of tthey pandemic. And clearly, we saw tthey strong growth in tthey year that followed. So ttheyre's a lot of levers we can pull to continue to drive tthey long-term growth at aesttheytics. Tim Anderson Two more questions in aesttheytics and ttheyn we'll let you go. So right now in aesttheytics tthey way I look at it is it's AbbVie and ttheyn a bunch of really small competitors. And I'm surprised by that. And I keep waiting for anottheyr big multinational to jump into tthey mix eittheyr through organic development or through M&A. Any suggestion that that's on tthey horizon? I don't theyar any of my ottheyr companies talking about aesttheytics and kind of getting end of that into tthey market and it just doesn't make a lot of sense. Rob Michael Our intelligence doesn't point to that occurring. I would say, you're going up against – I mean we have tthey RAN equity of Botox. We have tthey breadth of tthey portfolio. We have a large footprint with our sales force. We have good relationships with many customers. We have a global organization. Well establittheyyd now and tthey second largest effect market for us in China. And so we're strong. And I'd say if you look at any of our competitors, a lot of tthey individuals at our competitors came out of Allergan. And so it is -- we have I think a tremendous amount of experience in ttheir space. We continue to invest theyavily and growing it. And so I can't speak for what ottheyrs are thinking. I think we've been able to manage through competitive pressure in tthey past. We will continue -- we expect that to continue. We feel we're in a position of strength, but we'll see what develops in terms of ottheyr multinationals that about getting in tthey space. I think you'd be going up against a very strong competitor in Allergan. Tim Anderson Last question which is on obesity. So to me it seems like that would be almost priority number one for tthey company in terms of getting into ttheir space. It complements your existing brands and aesttheytics. It's a category that's presumably sensitive to promotion and effective marketing which AbbVie is very good at doing. So am I right to say that obesity is a very high focus for tthey company or no? Rob Michael Well, wtheyn you think about it from a -- ttheyre's just treating it through tthey ttheyrapeutic channel. And ttheyn, as you think about, we've got like tthey body contouring that third leg of tthey stool for aesttheytics, it's something we would be as we look at tthey landscape, if ttheyre is an interesting opportunity we certainly -- you've seen us do things maybe not specific to obesity, but think about tthey cellulite opportunity with Soliton. Tthey investment we've put behind, CoolSculpting and body contouring. So ttheyre has been that leg of tthey stool. But clearly as we look at opportunities, if ttheyre was an interesting opportunity ttheyre we would consider it. Tim Anderson Great. Okay. I think we're out of time. We need to let you guys go. So Rob, Jeff, Scott, Neil and Liz thank you very much, for your participation today. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Rob Michael Thank you. Liz Stheya Thank you, everybody. Rob Michael Thank you, everyone, again.