AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 29, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Liz Stheya - Vice President, Head of Investor Relations Rick Gonzalez - Chairman of tthey Board & Chief Executive Officer Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer Tom Hudson - Senior Vice President, R&D, & Chief Scientific Officer Rob Michael - Vice Chairman, Finance & Commercial Operations & Chief Financial Officer Carrie Strom - Senior Vice President and President, Global Allergan Aesttheytics Neil Gallagtheyr - Vice President and Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Mohit Bansal - Wells Fargo Terence Flynn - Morgan Stanley Steve Scala - Cowen Andrew Baum - Citi Chris Schott - JPMorgan Chris Shibutani - Goldman Sachs Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities Geoff Meacham - Bank of America Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Robyn Karnauskas - Truist Securities Josh Scthemmer - Evercore ISI Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbbVie First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Today’ conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at ttheir time. I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Stheya, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations. Liz Stheya Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman, Finance and Commercial Operations and Chief Financial Officer; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D, and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call are Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President and President, Global Allergan Aesttheytics; Neil Gallagtheyr, Vice President and Chief Medical Officer; and Roopal Thakkar, Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs. Before we get started, some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today’s conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Gonzalez Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll briefly comment on our overall performance, ttheyn Jeff, Tom and Rob will review our first quarter business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. I'm pleased with tthey excellent start to 2022. It furttheyr reinforces our confidence in tthey long-term fundamentals of tthey business. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.16, exceeding our expectations. Total net revenue of more than $13.5 billion was up 5.4% on an operational basis, also above our expectations. Ttheyse results demonstrate strong momentum across several key products and portfolios, including robust double-digit operational revenue growth from Skyrizi, Rinvoq, Neuroscience and Aesttheytics. Skyrizi is performing exceptionally well. We are achieving impressive market share gains in psoriasis, which remains a significant market opportunity. Skyrizi's recent launch in psoriatic arthritis as well as tthey anticipated regulatory approval in Crohn's disease should also serve as important growth drivers over tthey long-term. Rinvoq is also contributing compelling sales growth. Subscription trends in RA have recently stabilized as we expected and we are making excellent progress repositioning tthey brand as tthey leading second-line agent based on tthey robust data generated across our broad development programs. Tthey early launch trends for Rinvoq in both atopic dermatitis and psoriatic arthritis are highly encouraging, with commercial access and paid prescriptions expected to ramp significantly over tthey coming months. We anticipate that ttheyse two new indications, along with tthey recent U.S. approval in ulcerative colitis, should add substantial revenue growth for Rinvoq over tthey long-term. Neuroscience remains an exciting opportunity for our company. Vraylar continues to have strong momentum across our currently approved indications and tthey pending regulatory approval in major depressive disorder represents a significant upside to current projections. In migraine, our portfolio of distinct ttheyrapies with Ubrelvy, Qulipta and Botox Ttheyrapeutic is demonstrating robust double-digit sales growth. With tthey migraine market anticipated to roughly double in size over tthey next several years, ttheyre is significant theyadroom for continued revenue growth with ttheyse compelling ttheyrapies. Aesttheytics is once again exceeding expectations. Tthey category continues to grow robust double digits, especially in toxins and fillers, wtheyre ttheyre is substantial opportunity for furttheyr market penetration. Our commercial team is executing at a high level with targeted promotion and enhanced digital services, including our Alle loyalty program driving strong market share performance across our major brands. In summary, ttheir is an exciting time for AbbVie, and I'm extremely pleased with tthey evolution and momentum of our diverse portfolio. We're making excellent progress with tthey launctheys of several new products and indications, which will collectively add meaningful revenue for AbbVie as commercial access ramps for each of ttheyse opportunities over tthey remainder of ttheir year. We're off to anottheyr exceptional start, and our long-term growth prospects remain strong. I'd now like to take a brief moment to thank Mike Severino for their contributions to tthey success of AbbVie over tthey last eight years. As you know, Mike has decided to leave AbbVie at tthey end of May to pursue anottheyr career opportunity, and we wish them all tthey best. I'd also like to take ttheir opportunity to formally introduce to you Tom Hudson. Tom joined AbbVie back in 2016 as tthey Head of Discovery and Early Development. In 2018, Tom undertook responsibilities for AbbVie's entire discovery organization. Ttheyn in 2019, was promoted to tthey Head of AbbVie R&D and Chief Scientific Officer, wtheyre they assumed responsibility for all of AbbVie's R&D. Tom has an impressive background as a clinical scientist. His medical specialty is in clinical immunology and allergy. Tom played a critical role in tthey human genome project while working at both tthey Whitetheyad Institute and MIT, wtheyre Tom led tthey team that mapped tthey human genome. Tom was also instrumental in tthey international half map project to refine tthey genetic architecture of tthey human genome. Tom went on to furttheyr lead tthey Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, which included discovery and translational cancer research with a clinical network of more than 1,000 investigators. Tom will be providing an update on our continued pipeline progress to you later in tthey call. But first, I'll turn tthey call over to Jeff for additional comments on our commercial highlights. Jeff? Jeff Stewart Thank you, Rick. We continue to demonstrate strong commercial execution across our ttheyrapeutic portfolio. I'll start with Immunology, which delivered global revenues of more than $6.1 billion, reflecting growth of 8.1% on an operational basis. Humira global sales were approximately $4.7 billion, down 1.8% on an operational basis with low single-digit revenue growth in tthey U.S., offset by biosimilar competition across international markets, wtheyre revenues were down 17.9% operationally.  Skyrizi global revenues were $940 million, reflecting positive momentum in both approved indications. In psoriasis, Skyrizi is demonstrating impressive market share gains globally. Skyrizi now accounts for approximately 23% of tthey total prescription share in tthey U.S. biologic market. Skyrizi's in-play psoriasis share, which includes both new and switching patients, also remains very, very strong and now reflects roughly 40% patient share in tthey U.S. and a clear number one leadership position.  Skyrizi is performing exceptionally well internationally, wtheyre we have now achieved approximately 10% psoriasis share across our top 12 markets, as well as in-play share leadership in more than 20 key countries. While we were early in our launch in psoriatic arthritis, we are encouraged by tthey uptake in ttheir indication. In tthey dermatology segment, Skyrizi has already achieved in-play patient share of more than 10% in tthey U.S.  Internationally, Skyrizi PSA is now approved in 45 countries, with reimbursement expected to increase throughout tthey year. Importantly, we are also preparing for tthey launch of Skyrizi in Crohn's disease, which represents anottheyr important long-term growth driver with approval decisions anticipated ttheir year.  Turning now to Rinvoq, which delivered global sales of $465 million, demonstrating continued strong growth. As anticipated, we have seen an impact on new patient starts following tthey label update and Rinvoq prescriptions have now stabilized in tthey U.S., with in-play market share currently 12% in RA. We expect growth in tthey second line plus RA setting going forward wtheyre our field force is now focused on leveraging compelling data from two important Phase III trials. First, SELECT-CHOICE, which demonstrated Rinvoq's superiority versus ORENCIA across key efficacy parameters, including clinical remission in previously treated RA patients. And second, tthey open-label extension of SELECT-COMPARE which demonstrated that many RA patients with an inadequate response to Humira are able to achieve remission after switching to Rinvoq.  Early feedback suggests ttheir updated Rinvoq RA messaging is resonating very well with theyalthcare practitioners. Internationally, Rinvoq share continues to ramp in RA with a total market share of approximately 5.5% across key geographies. We are also making excellent progress with Rinvoq's newly launctheyd indications, including atopic dermatitis, psoriatic arthritis and ulcerative colitis.  Managed care access is expected to ramp strongly for each of ttheyse indications over tthey coming months. As we build access, initial prescriptions are covered by our BRIDGE program. which provides free patients or free goods to patients until formulary coverage is establittheyyd. As a reminder, tthey volume from our BRIDGE program is not captured in third-party prescription data.  I'll start with atopic dermatitis. We are seeing new patient starts accelerating as we build access. Wtheyn you include prescriptions from our Bridge program, Rinvoq total in-play AD share is already in tthey mid-teens. So, we are pleased with tthey early adoption and repeating prescribers. As an oral option that provides significant skin clearance and itch relief, we believe Rinvoq has a strong differentiated position in ttheir highly underpenetrated AD market. In PSA, we are seeing a nice uptake in Rinvoq's in-play share, especially in tthey rtheyum segment, wtheyre tthey severity of joint or skin manifestations of tthey disease can vary significantly by patients. And importantly, we have also launctheyd Skyrizi in tthey rtheyum-PSA segment ttheir quarter, giving us two very compelling ttheyrapies to address tthey wide range of PSA patient types, regardless of how ttheyir symptoms present. We have also launctheyd our first indication in tthey IBD segment, Rinvoq for ulcerative colitis, wtheyre we are seeing a significant long-term opportunity in tthey second-line plus setting. Nearly 50% of UC patients are currently on or have used TNF ttheyrapy, so tthey addressable patient population is substantial. Given tthey strong benefit risk in ttheir indication, we believe Rinvoq will be a welcome ttheyrapeutic option for UC patients and physicians. Turning now to theymatologic oncology. Global revenues were more than $1.6 billion, down 0.6% on an operational basis. Imbruvica global revenues were approximately $1.2 billion, down 7.4%. Ttheyre are two factors impacting our Imbruvica results. First, we are seeing greater market share erosion in new patient starts than originally anticipated from newer ttheyrapy, including ottheyr BTK inhibitors, as well as our own Venclexta. Second, we continue to see higtheyr-than-expected COVID suppression on new patient starts in CLL, which as a treat-to-progression ttheyrapy, has impacted tthey total BTK treated patient market. Our guidance assumes a market recovery over tthey course of ttheir year, but it's too early to determine exactly how ttheir may play out, given tthey continued impact from recent COVID variant. Despite ttheyse dynamics, Imbruvica remains tthey market-leading ttheyrapy for total patients across CLL and several ottheyr major blood cancers. Based on tthey magnitude of clinical data and real-world evidence generated for Imbruvica, showing sustained disease control as well as overall patient survival, we are confident it will continue to be a meaningful product for AbbVie over tthey long term. Venclexta, however, is theylping to offset some of tthey theyadwinds facing Imbruvica. Global sales were $473 million, up 21.1% on an operational basis. In tthey US, Venclexta's tthey clear market share leader in frontline AML, among patients who are ineligible for intensive induction ctheymottheyrapy and recently achieved leading new patient share in second line plus PLL. We are also seeing robust momentum internationally, with strong performance across all approved indications. Additionally, we continue to make excellent progress building out our theym/onc portfolio, with several compelling late-stage assets, such as epcoritamab for B-cell malignancies, Navitoclax for myelofibrosis and ABBV-383 for multiple myeloma, expected support -- expected to support sustainable long-term growth. Turning now to neuroscience, wtheyre revenues were approximately $1.5 billion, up more than 20% on an operational basis, including robust double-digit growth from Vraylar, Botox Ttheyrapeutic and Ubrelvy. Ubrelvy is performing very well and continues to be tthey market-leading oral CGRP treatment for acute migraine, with sequential demand growth observed. Qulipta is also demonstrating exceptional uptake in migraine prevention, with recent total prescriptions performing atheyad of comparable branded launctheys. Qulipta is now capturing nearly 25% on of tthey new-to-brand share in tthey US preventative CGRP class wtheyn we consider both paid and bridge volume. We expect commercial access to continue to ramp strongly over tthey remainder of tthey year. Qulipta has also recently demonstrated positive results from a registration-enabling study for tthey preventative treatment of chronic migraine, which we plan to submit to tthey agency for potential expanded use in tthey US as well as to support regulatory applications across tthey international market. Ttheir indication, if approved, will provided added differentiation for Qulipta as tthey only oral CGRP ttheyrapy for tthey preventative treatment of both episodic and chronic migraine. In our ottheyr notable ttheyrapeutic, eye care revenues of $771 million were down 2.8% on an operational basis with recent generic competition for Restasis unfavorably impacting our results. Mavyret sales were $380 million, down 4.6% on an operational basis as treated patient volumes remain depressed compared to pre-COVID levels. So, overall, I'm extremely pleased with our execution across tthey ttheyrapeutic portfolio, including tthey progress we are making with recent new product launctheys. We remain on-track to deliver strong revenue growth once again in 2022. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Tom for additional comments on our R&D program. Tom? Tom Hudson Thank you, Jeff. I'll start with immunology. We recently received FDA approval for Rinvoq in ulcerative colitis, a disease wtheyre ttheyre continues to be a significant unmet need for ttheyrapies that can provide high response rates and durable remission. In our UC development program, Rinvoq demonstrated some of tthey higtheyst rates of remission and endoscopic improvements seen in Phase 3 studies. Importantly, Rinvoq also provided durable responses sustained through one year of treatment. Given tthey strong benefit risk profile, we believe Rinvoq will be an important new medicine for patients. Our regulatory applications for Rinvoq in UC remain under review in Europe and Japan, with approval decisions expected in tthey second half of ttheir year. Also in tthey area of inflammatory bowel disease, we recently reported positive topline results from tthey second Phase 3 induction study for Rinvoq in Crohn's disease. Similar to results from tthey first induction trial, in ttheir induction study, Rinvoq demonstrated a very strong impact on tthey disease as measured by clinical remission and endoscopic response. We expect to see results from tthey Phase 3 maintenance study later in tthey quarter with our regulatory submissions for Rinvoq and Crohn's disease expected in tthey third quarter and approval decisions anticipated in 2023. Rounding out Rinvoq's development programs in rtheyumatology, we also have regulatory applications under review in ankylosing spondylitis and non-radiographic axial SpA. We expect an FDA approval decision in tthey second quarter for AS and decisions in tthey fourth quarter for non-radiographic axial SpA. Moving to Skyrizi, wtheyre in tthey quarter, we announced an update regarding our regulatory application for Crohn's disease in tthey US. Following an FDA request for additional information, primarily related to tthey on-body injection device used for maintenance dosing, we provided additional data for tthey device from an ongoing real-life use study, which showed that patients can safely and effectively use tthey on-body device to self-administer Skyrizi. After responding to tthey agency's request, we received a 3-month extension of our Skyrizi submission in Crohn's disease. We remain confident in a strong benefit risk profile for Skyrizi in Crohn's disease and we now expect a decision in June. Moving now to our Oncology Portfolio, wtheyre we continue to make excellent progress across all stages of our theyme and solid tumor pipeline. We recently announced positive top line results from tthey first expansion cohort of tthey Phase II study, evaluating epcoritamab in patients with aggressive B-cell lymphoma who have received at least two prior lines of ttheyrapy.  Epcoritamab performed extremely well as a monottheyrapy in ttheyse theyavily pretreated and high-risk patients, demonstrating an overall response rate of 63% with a median duration of response of 12 months. Ttheyse results are particularly encouraging, given that nearly 40% of patients had failed CAR-T ttheyrapy. We plan to discuss ttheyse results with regulatory agencies about tthey potential to support submission for accelerated approval in tthey second half of ttheir year. We continue to make good progress with tthey indication expansion programs for Venclexta and remain on-track to see results from tthey Phase III CANOVA trial in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma patients with a t(11;14) mutation in tthey second half of ttheir year. In our Venclexta MDS program, based on feedback from tthey FDA, we have recently modified our regulatory strategy and now intend to submit data from our ongoing Phase III program. Venclexta remains under Breakthrough Ttheyrapy Designation for MDS and we continue to have a high degree of enthusiasm for Venclexta in ttheir indication. We expect data readout from tthey Phase III study and our regulatory submission for MDS in 2024. In Neuroscience, tthey FDA recently accepted our application for Vraylar as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder. Based on tthey strong benefit-risk profile demonstrated in our clinical program, we believe Vraylar will be an important new ttheyrapy in ttheir patient population, and we look forward to bringing ttheir new treatment option to patients suffering from major depressive disorders.  In tthey area of migraine, we recently reported positive topline results from a Phase III study evaluating Qulipta for tthey prevention of chronic migraine. Qulipta performed very well in ttheir study with both doses meeting tthey primary and all secondary endpoints, demonstrating Qulipta's ability to significantly reduce migraine days for patients suffering from chronic migraine.  Ttheir summer, we plan to submit our regulatory application to tthey FDA for Qulipta in chronic migraine and also plan to submit data from our Phase III studies in both chronic migraine and episodic migraine to support regulatory applications in markets outside tthey US. In our cystic fibrosis program, we recently completed an interim analysis of a Phase II proof-of-concept study evaluating our triple combination ttheyrapy. Tthey results – tthey efficacy results from ttheir interim analysis did not meet our prespecified criteria for advancing ttheir triple ttheyrapy in development. Ttheir study was designed with a 28-day run-in treatment period, with a dual combination ttheyrapy containing our C1 corrector and potentiator, followed by a 28-day treatment period, with a triple combination, which included tthey addition of our C2 corrector, ABBV-119. Ttheir allowed us to independently assess tthey ttheyrapeutic potential of our C2 corrector. Tthey results showed that tthey addition of 119 did not provide a meaningful improvement in FEV1 or reduction in sweat chloride concentration over our dual combination ttheyrapy. During tthey run-in treatment period, we were able to again assess tthey efficacy of our dual ttheyrapy, which performed well, providing efficacy consistent with results for tthey existing dual accommodation ttheyrapy. So based on tthey performance of our dual ttheyrapy, we plan to continue our CF program. We have an additional C2 corrector, ABBV-576 in Phase 1 studies that we plan to advance into a new triple ttheyrapy with our existing C1 corrector and potentiator. 576 is structurally distinct from our previous C2 corrector 119 and has a better PK profile and provides higtheyr drug exposure, which has tthey potential to deliver better efficacy. Our plan is to begin a Phase 2 study for ttheir new triple combo by early next year. And in Aesttheytics, we recently began tthey Phase 3 program for our short-acting toxin in Glabellar Lines. Ttheir novel toxin is designed to provide rapid onset of action and a short duration of effect, which would lower tthey barrier for adoption for certain segment of consumers. We expect to see data from ttheir program next year with regulatory applications also anticipated in 2023. So in summary, we've continued to make significant progress with our pipeline to start tthey year, and we look forward to many more data readouts, regulatory submissions and approvals throughout tthey remainder of 2022. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our first quarter performance and financial outlook. Rob? Rob Michael Thank you, Tom. AbbVie's first quarter results demonstrate tthey strength of our broad portfolio, including double-digit growth from Skyrizi, Rinvoq, Venclexta, Neuroscience and Aesttheytics. We also continue to deliver strong P&L performance, with anottheyr quarter of robust operating margin expansion, while fully funding tthey business for long-term growth. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.16, reflecting growth of 9.3% compared to prior year and $0.04 above our guidance midpoint. Ttheir includes an $0.08 unfavorable impact of acquired IPR&D expense that was not factored into our original guidance. Total net revenues were more than $13.5 billion, up 5.4% on an operational basis, excluding a 1.3% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Net revenues came in above our guidance despite tthey entry of generic competition for Restasis. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 51.4% of sales, an improvement of 150 basis points versus tthey prior year. Ttheir includes adjusted gross margin of 84.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 10.9% of sales, acquired IPR&D expense of 1.1% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of 21.1% of sales. Net interest expense was $539 million, and tthey adjusted tax rate was 12.1%. Turning to our financial outlook, we are updating our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to include tthey $0.08 for acquired IPR&D expense that was incurred during tthey first quarter. As a result, we now expect full year adjusted earnings per share between $13.92 and $14.12. Ttheir earnings per share guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred beyond tthey first quarter. We now expect net revenues of approximately $59.4 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.4% unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. Ttheir revenue guidance includes updated Restasis sales of approximately $400 million. Moving to tthey P&L, we now expect adjusted gross margin of 84.5% of sales, adjusted SG&A expense of $12.5 billion, and an adjusted operating margin ratio of 51.8% of sales. Turning to tthey second quarter, we anticipate net revenues of approximately $14.6 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.5% unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.38 and $3.42. Ttheir guidance does not include acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred in tthey quarter. In closing, we are off to an excellent start to tthey year with strong performance across multiple areas. We are making significant progress with new product launctheys and tthey pipeline, underscoring our confidence in AbbVie's long-term growth outlook. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Liz. Liz Stheya Thanks, Rob. We will now open tthey call for questions. In tthey interest of theyaring from as many analysts as possible over tthey remainder of tthey call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, we'll take tthey first question, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Our first question comes from Mohit Bansal from Wells Fargo. Your line is open Mohit Bansal Great. Thanks for taking my question. And maybe to begin with on Imbruvica. So, I mean, tthey script trends are down, and you mentioned that we are -- for new starts, you are losing some share to tthey competition. Wtheyn you think -- can you please characterize how much share you are losing? And do you think it will stabilize over time? And wtheyn you look at Imbruvica and Venclexta combined, do you think tthey franctheire can grow going forward from theyre? Thank you. Jeff Stewart Yes. Thank you for tthey question. So, as I mentioned in my comments, we are seeing greater share erosion. Imbruvica continues to be tthey leading share in tthey later lines, although we have lost our frontline share position to Calquence. And obviously, Venclexta is also moving ttheyre. So we see a couple of things that are taking place. So, we have that share erosion that's putting some pressure on tthey brand. And ttheyn clearly, we see tthey continued suppression of tthey market. So, it's kind of like a double hit. If we think of ttheir over tthey short, mid and longer-term, what I would say would be ttheir. So, in tthey short-term, meaning ttheir year, we projected tthey share decline and that includes some stabilization, but we still think tthey brand is under some pressure from ottheyr BTKs and Venclexta. And basically, we have flat guidance ttheir year. And some of that includes a recovery of tthey market back to sort of more normal levels and we'll have to see how that progresses over tthey year. If I think more about tthey midterm, I think what's important context ttheyre is, new patient starts essentially make up roughly 13% to 15% of Imbruvica. So it's got a very, very large installed base, about 85%, maybe a little bit more in terms of what that's going to happen. We're not seeing any changes in persistency or items like that. So we think that we have a very good sense of stability for tthey brand over time in terms of what ttheir may mean. And so that's basically how we think about it. To answer your ottheyr question, if you look at tthey combined share, AbbVie has quite a strong position. We have roughly 33% of total share in tthey front line and we have between 42% and 46% of second-line plus. So clearly, Venclexta is able to offset as I commented in my remarks some of those pressures. So it's very important for AbbVie. It's going to be a very big brand over tthey long-term. In tthey short-term theyre in midterm, tthey growth is going to be more challenged moving forward. Mohit Bansal Thank you.  Liz Stheya Thanks, Mohit. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Terence Flynn from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Terence Flynn Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. I was just wondering, obviously, you guys have been speaking with payers about tthey Humira positioning for 2023. Are you willing to give us any update in terms of how you're thinking about that guidance figure that you put out a couple of years ago? Any change in thinking ttheyre? And ttheyn are you able to disclose tthey CR rate for tthey recent epcoritamab Phase II trial? Just wondering how that factors into tthey decision about wtheyttheyr to seek accelerated approval theyre? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez So Terence, ttheir is Rick. I'll take tthey first question for you. And I'm probably going to answer a little broader because I think it is important. I understand tthey interest in trying to understand how to model 2023, it's obviously important to us to model 2023 as accurately as possible. And I think if you step back, obviously, contracting is one portion of a variable that will impact tthey speed at which biosimilars are able to adopt – be adopted in tthey market.  If you step back and look, ttheyre's probably four key variables that will impact, what that adoption rate looks like. One of ttheym is obviously, what will Humira's access be post biosimilars entering tthey marketplace? And ttheir is tthey period wtheyre you would normally be doing tthey contracting around that. I think we'll do well in being able to be co-positioned versus biosimilars in tthey vast majority of covered lives theyre in tthey United States. But that process isn't done, and we're not in a position to be able to ultimately, give you any furttheyr update until we're a little furttheyr along in that process.  Tthey second variable that will impact what 2023 looks like is, how will tthey biosimilars price? We don't know that. Obviously, we have seen how ttheyy price in markets outside tthey U.S., but ttheyre's no market exactly like tthey U.S. internationally. And so that's a variable. We're making some projections of what we believe that pricing will look like. But that's ultimately something we're going to have to see how it plays out.  I'd say tthey third variable is, how competitive will ttheyse biosimilars be? It's going to be by tthey summer of 2023, ttheyre's going to be a lot of biosimilars in tthey U.S. market, but ttheyy're not all tthey same. And how competitive will ttheyy be against what is Humira today? And what are tthey bulk of patients use as it relates to Humira. And what I mean by that is interchangeability and a number of ottheyr factors are going to play into tthey competitiveness of those biosimilars. And I'd say tthey fourth variable, and it's not something that people think about that much, and that is tthey ability of a biosimilar to be able to supply tthey U.S. market. Ttheyre's no market like tthey United States for Humira anywtheyre around tthey world. In tthey United States, it's significantly larger than any ottheyr market around tthey world. Ttheyre are certainly biosimilar players that are like an AbbVie, and I would expect ttheym to have manufacturing capacity. Ttheyre are generic players that could have sufficient manufacturing capacity, and ttheyn ttheyre are very small companies. But I think anybody -- any payer that's going to want to convert in any significant way to a biosimilar, ttheyy're going to want confidence that ttheyy can have a reliability of supply of that biosimilar and we've spent years building tthey network that we have. We have full redundancy of every aspect of tthey manufacturing process on Humira. And we've never had a problem supplying tthey U.S. market. So, I think we can be viewed as kind of tthey gold standard. So, those are tthey variables that are going to impact what ttheir transition looks like. Tthey guidance we've given so far is ttheir 45%, plus or minus 10%. I think at ttheir point, that's still tthey best information that we can provide. Later ttheir year, I think some of ttheyse variables will be clearer to it. And we may be in a position to be able to provide some more information to investors, and we would do that. Some will not. Pricing will not be clear at that point. We're not going to know how ttheyy're going to price until we actually get into -- ttheyy actually get into tthey marketplace. So, I think that's tthey way to think about ttheyse variables. Rob, anything you'd add? Rob Michael Yes. So, ttheir is Rob. I would just add that we've been trying to give investors some directional guidance on how to think about 2023 beyond just tthey Humira, 45% plus or minus 10%. We've talked about Aesttheytics growing high single digits annually over tthey next decade. You can get a sense based on Jeff's response today and tthey way to think about Imbruvica. In terms of operating margin, I've talked about that pulling back to tthey 46% to 47% range with no cuts to investment because we're going to return to growth very quickly. So, we're going to continue to invest in ttheir business. And as I look at Street consensus, I see modeling of cuts in SG&A not necessarily reflecting tthey appropriate operating margin levels. So, it's something just to keep in mind. And ttheyn even -- we've talked about tthey tax rate growing one point per year on average. Obviously, you saw ttheir year, it only grew 0.2 points. Ottheyr years, it may go higtheyr. So, we've tried to give tthey Street some ideas of tthey way to think about 2023 model in advance of our formal guidance. Rick Gonzalez Okay. Number two, Neil? Neil Gallagtheyr Hi, ttheir is Neil Gallagtheyr. I'll take tthey question regarding epcoritamab. So, we recently reported data from tthey expansion cohort of relapsed/refractory DLBCL patients. We reported an overall response rate of 63% with a median duration of response of 12 months. One thing that's really important to bear in mind is that ttheir is a pretty refractory patient population with a median number of prior ttheyrapies of 3.5 in a range up to 11 in at tthey upper end. And importantly, just under 40% of ttheyse patients have failed prior ttheyrapy with tthey CAR-T. Overall, tthey safety profile remains manageable with tthey vast majority of tthey cases of CRS at class effect with ttheyse agents being Grade 1 and 2. To directly address your question, we are not yet ready to reveal additional detail about tthey data. Ttheyy will be revealed at a forthcoming medical meeting. And in fact, I was just in contact with tthey team yesterday and I know that ttheyy're working very diligently to get those data on a podium in a meeting in tthey very near future. Liz Stheya Thank you. Terrence. Operator we’ll take tthey next please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Tim Anderson from Wolfe Research. Your line is open. Q – UnidentifiedAnalyst Hello, thanks for taking our question. Ttheir is Alan Nicholson [ph] on for Tim Anderson. A question on Rinvoq. Wtheyre could in-play market share in atopic eventually get in your view? And are you seeing any switching away from Dupixent at all? Thank you.  Jeff Stewart Yes. Thank you for tthey question. I'll give you some context. I mentioned that we see roughly in tthey mid-teens now after about three months, which we're very pleased in and some more flavor on that. If you think about tthey HCPs and tthey doctors that prescribe in tthey US now, you've got about 9, 000. Those are tthey dermatologists and some allergists. Ttheyre's about 3,000 of those physicians that are tthey big prescribers. Ttheyy're very productive. Those 3,000 are tthey ones that are driving Skyrizi, for example, or ottheyr big brands in psoriasis.  So we see, after just about three months, we see almost 1,000 doctors that have prescribed Rinvoq. And so that's driving that 15%. Some of it depends in terms of wtheyre tthey in-play share ends up, how many of tthey competitors come in. We're not really sure that baricitinib will come into tthey market. We'll have to see. We haven't seen much Pfizer activity yet. To give you some sort of international perspective in tthey Canadian market, we're seeing wtheyre ttheyre's really just Dupi and Rinvoq at ttheir point after a couple of quarters, we're seeing a 30% in-play share in Canada.  So we are, as I mentioned, very, very encouraged with tthey early adoption. In particular, my comment around, how fast once you see tthey first prescription take place with some of those productive doctors, how fast ttheyy go to tthey second or third. To give you some flavor of what we see in tthey US, and again, tthey data is early, we see, as expected, tthey majority of our use so far in that dynamic market are not switctheys necessarily. We see about, let's say, 1/3, believe it or not, that are not even exposed to Dupi. And tthey doctors are saying, look, I've already given anottheyr oral systemic, for example, but tthey itch and tthey skin is so severe that ttheyy're going to go -- I'm going to go right and get tthey relief with Rinvoq.  And ttheyn maybe tthey ottheyr two-third, you see Dupi partial responders, particularly related to tthey itch, just isn't suppressed as much, and ttheyy still have some skin involvement. Or ttheyre is, as we've highlighted before, a warehouse of Dupi non-responders that has been built up over tthey last four years. So that's tthey behavior that we see. Again, I'm very encouraged on tthey early results, not just in tthey US but around tthey world. Rinvoq is going to be a real player in ttheir underserved market. Liz Stheya Thank you, Alan. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Scala from Cowen. Your line is open.  Q – Steve Scala Thank you. Two questions. First on epcoritamab, tthey data looks great. Could ttheir molecule immediately start taking share from CAR-T, or do you think physicians will want to see durability data before selecting a bispecific atheyad of a cell ttheyrapy? So that's tthey first question. Tthey second question is, I'm trying to sift through tthey answer to tthey Humira question just a moment ago. On tthey one hand, it seems we need to consider that Humira could be more resilient in 2023 than expected. On tthey ottheyr hand, tthey Street needs to raise spending assumptions. So, would you object to eittheyr of those conclusions based on what was stated? Thank you. Neil Gallagtheyr Thanks Steve. Ttheir is Neil. I'll take tthey first question on epcoritamab. Tthey fact that we saw such remarkable activity in a patient population that had failed CAR-T does not imply that tthey medicine should be positioned after failure of CAR-T. I think ttheyy are two very different classes of medicines, as you know. CAR-T has significant challenges with respect to tthey need for -- to be prior to administration. Wtheyreas tthey safety profile with epcoritamab is extremely manageable. And again, I don't want to repeat what I said earlier on around CRS. So, overall, we see a very strong benefit risk profile emerging for tthey medicine. And ttheyrefore, our intention is to move tthey medicine into earlier lines of ttheyrapy initially gain an approval with respect to -- gain approval in refractory DLBCL and after that move tthey medicine into earlier lines of ttheyrapy. Rick Gonzalez Steve, ttheir is Rick. I think Rob and I will handle tthey second question for you. Yes, look, I think it's a great question, and we've gotten that question a lot. What's tthey erosion going to be in 2023? And is it going to be lighter in 2023 and ttheyrefore, spill more into 2024. And I think that's a reasonable question to start to think through. I'd say as I step back and look at it, I would tell you ttheir. Look, at tthey end of tthey day, it could be lighter in 2023. That would force more of it out into 2024. If I look at tthey business, that's a good thing. We give us higtheyr cash flows in 2023 than what we would be projecting now. Ultimately, I think ttheyre will be a settling out between 2023 and 2024. We'll still get to tthey levels that we have described or at least that we are modeling. And I think tthey important thing is, look, Humira is going to play out over ttheyse two-year period of time. What's important to AbbVie, though, is what's that underlying growth that's driving tthey business and is going to sustain tthey growth on tthey ottheyr side of tthey LOE. That's tthey critical aspect of it. Tthey Skyrizi, tthey Rinvoqs, our Neuroscience pipeline, Aesttheytics, it's all of those major growth drivers that we have because that growth is going to be suppressed in 2023 and somewhat maybe in 2024. But as soon as that pressure is off, that's wtheyn it reemerge and be able to deliver growth on tthey ottheyr side of it. And so what we're focused on is, obviously, we're going to try to manage tthey 2023-2024 dynamic to tthey extent that we're able to. But that's not tthey most critical part for tthey business. Tthey most critical part is driving ttheyse growth brands and delivering on tthey pipeline. Rob Michael Ttheir is Rob. What I would add, Steve, just to clarify, I mean, we have a business that's going to deliver high single-digit growth during 2025. It doesn't make sense to be cutting investment in 2023. And that's what tthey Street consensus is modeling currently. So, we expect to invest in ttheir business, invest in R&D, invest in SG&A to drive that long-term growth. And given how quickly we'll return to that growth, I wouldn't expect us to be cutting investment in 2023. Steve Scala Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks Steve. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Baum from Citi. Your line is open. Andrew Baum Thank you. Question for Jeff. Perhaps you could comment on tthey impact of IL-31 inhibitor in atopic dermatitis wtheyre we're expecting additional Phase 2 data, which obviously don't have tthey JAK labeling associated with how you think it's going to impact tthey market in terms of delaying tthey onset of JAK ttheyrapy? And ttheyn second for Neil, could you talk to how large tthey commercial potential for Venclexta in t(11;14) myeloma, which is due to reported Phase III ttheir year anytime? Jeff Stewart Yes. Thank you, Andrew. So important question. So tthey way that we see tthey market for tthey ottheyr ILs, I do think that ttheyre will be a segment of conservative dermatologists that will attempt to sequence. And I think that largely that ttheyy'll be disappointed because it seems tthey newer agents are very, very difficult to distinguish from Dupixent. I think certainly, ttheyre could be market access dynamics that start to appear with subsequent ILs, I think that's something that we will watch and you would want to watch.  I think what's, again, maybe not appreciated as we watch tthey early quarters of performance in Europe and tthey first quarter of performance theyre in tthey US, is that ttheyre's significant amount of early adopters and dermatologists that will go right to a JAK inhibitor, as I mentioned. Ttheyy're not always sequencing through Dupi. And it's because tthey severity of some of ttheyse patients and tthey level of tthey clinical involvement is very, very significant.  And so, we do see what you would call a significant amount of naive use based on tthey profile of tthey JAK inhibitor. Now ttheyse are early adopters. Ttheyse are people that have already contemplated tthey risk benefit and I think that's important. And so, tthey way that we see tthey market developing is that, wtheyn physicians would start with Dupi, which will be in a significant proportion of patients, it's not clear at all that ttheyir next step will be anottheyr IL that has been approved or will be approved.  In fact, we think it's more likely that ttheyy will move towards tthey best JAK that can get to ttheyse high levels of skin clearance, tthey EZ 90 plus almost no perceived itch. And I think that's tthey endpoint that ttheir market is going to move towards and Rinvoq is tthey drug that clearly can deliver on that promise. And so that's how we see tthey market developing, and that's why we remain encouraged on tthey early results around tthey world from what we're seeing with tthey agent. Neil Gallagtheyr Ttheir is Neil. With respect to tthey question on Venclexta, venetoclax CANOVA. So tthey CANOVA study is a study of venetoclax in multiple myeloma patients with a particular translocation, t(11;14). We're making extremely good progress with tthey study, and we fully anticipate having a Phase III data from tthey study during tthey course of 2022. We know from ttheir particular patient population that were included in earlier studies with Venclexta that ttheyy are explicitly sensitive to treatment with tthey medicines in various combinations. Tthey prevalence of ttheir population is around 20% of multiple myeloma and multiple myeloma, as you know, is tthey common of [indiscernible] malignancy. So, ttheir is a very significant proportion of tthey multiple myeloma population that could gain benefit from Venclexta. And as mentioned, we're looking forward to being able to communicate tthey Phase III data during tthey course of 2022. Thanks for tthey question. Liz Stheya Thank you, Andrew. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Schott from JPMorgan. Your line is open.  Chris Schott Great. Thanks very much for tthey question. First one for me is just can you elaborate a bit more on Rinvoq coverage, both in AD and UC. I guess just trying to get a sense of wtheyre we are today and what's tthey outlook for tthey next few quarters? And maybe as part of that, it seems like you're seeing some nice uptake in your BRIDGE programs. Can you just comment wtheyn you expect we should start to think about those translating over to third-party Rxs and that would be maybe more visible to tthey outside world in terms of how that uptick you're seeing? And ttheyn my second question was just on Q1 itself. Were ttheyre any notable eittheyr payer adjustments or gross to net issues? I guess Humira, for example, it seems like tthey low single-digit growth was a departure from recent trends. I'm just trying understand a little bit better what happened in tthey quarter. Is ttheyre anything we should just be kind of keeping in mind as we consider tthey Q1 results? Thanks. Jeff Stewart Yes. Thank you, Chris. It's Jeff. So, with your first question is -- we're very confident that we are going to get to high levels of paid access for Rinvoq and Skyrizi's new indications. So, typically, what we'll see based on tthey approval timeline, we'll be ramping up into tthey -- by tthey middle of tthey year up in tthey high 90s in terms of our access -- for commercial access. So, I think that everyone should be confident that, that's wtheyre you're going to start to see ttheir bridge program start to fully convert as tthey months go by into tthey paid prescription. So, typically, that's tthey timing we're looking at. You're going to see very strong momentum on paid access by -- towards tthey end of next quarter is what we've guided towards. So, that's tthey answer to your first question. I think if you think about -- and maybe just to frame tthey Humira question. Tthey Humira fundamentals are -- and tthey market fundamentals are quite strong. You see tthey markets are performing nicely. Our market share growth trends, we haven't seen any trend shift. Ttheyy've been largely stable. Ttheyre's some sequential decline based on tthey size of tthey market and actually our own brand, Skyrizi and Rinvoq that are playing very strongly into ttheyse markets. What I would say is that, in some cases, Q1 can be quite unique over tthey years. You've got tthey issue with tthey plans resetting ttheyir deductibles, you've got issues with doctors that have to put in anottheyr prior authorization for tthey year. And so you do see some co-pay and sort of deductible dynamic. But we think that's really a first quarter type of event, and it's largely been very consistent with what we expected. So, maybe I don't know, Rob, if you want to build on that a little bit. Rob Michael Yes, I would just add that if you look back to our guidance for tthey quarter and we gave guidance to tthey ttheyrapeutic area level, we pretty much came in line with that guidance. And so we expected ttheir dynamic, and we're also we're not changing our full year outlook for US Humira, 8% growth. And that, again, will be driven by market driving volume growth. And so -- it's in line with our expectations. I understand Street consensus had a different point of view, but we weren't surprised by that. Liz Stheya Thanks Chris. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Shibutani from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Chris Shibutani Thank you. Good morning. If I could ask on Vraylar, tthey product, I think you comment expectations for an MDD approval and yet ttheyy'll frame it as potential for upside. Can you theylp us understand perhaps some of tthey potential ttheyre? Just thinking back to some of tthey scale of tthey peak sales opportunity that, that drug was characterized previously, MDD certainly seems as if it's a potential significant opportunity. Thanks. Jeff Stewart Yes, Thank you for tthey question. And it is a significant opportunity. So, as we highlighted and Tom highlighted, tthey NDA has been accepted, and we're confident in tthey approval. I think what we said in tthey past is that just with tthey base indication. So, before we get that approval, I mean, tthey FDA has to still approve it towards tthey end of tthey year. We believe that we can ramp towards a $4 billion opportunity. So, that would mean our share just in tthey base indications of a unique profile with tthey mania, tthey mix manian depression, tthey bipolar depression, we moved somewtheyre up sort of doubling our share penetration. So right now, we're at about 2.7% TRx share. So we we'd really get close to doubling that based on tthey momentum.  And ttheyn MDD would build on top of that. And so it's significant. I mean, tthey physicians that we've talked to wtheyn we show ttheym tthey profile are very pleased. First, ttheyy know Vraylar, ttheyy like Vraylar, ttheyy like tthey strong efficacy, ttheyy highlight nonsedating, ttheyy highlight at least verbally a brightening effect of tthey agent, minimal weight gain, metabolic effects. And so as ttheyy think about that, how that would translate to adjunctive MDD, ttheyy like that profile. Tthey ottheyr piece that we theyar is ttheyy like tthey starting dose. Ttheyy like that starting dose of tthey 1.5 milligram dose, which is what we believe that ultimately will be approved. We'll have to see. So easy to start, easy to take, well tolerated. And so to your point, we believe that MDD will offer some upside and acceleration to tthey brand's momentum wtheyn we achieve it. A – Liz Stheya Thanks Chris. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Vamil Divan from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.  Vamil Divan Hi, great. Thanks for taking my question. So just maybe get back to some of what we were just talking about around tthey pricing in 1Q. But I had a couple of questions regarding tthey migraine franctheire. So, tthey Ubrelvy scripts from a legacy publicly out third-party data, it looks like tthey gross to net – some net pricing is back to wtheyre we were in 1Q '21. And just trying to understand if ttheir is just a seasonality of things or 4Q to 1Q dynamic or maybe ttheyre might be something broader wtheyre net pricing for ttheyse products is going down.  And ttheyn tied to that, with Qulipta, as you mentioned, look, tthey prescription numbers are pretty good as it builds up theyre. I'm curious now that you have sort of two products in that market, does that impact how you're thinking about tthey opportunity, especially from a pricing side or sort of payer negotiation side? Is ttheyre any thoughts on sort of bundling tthey two ottheyr in any way to present to get even better active than what you have right now? So, any thoughts you could share ttheyre would be theylpful as well? Thank you. Rob Michael So Vamil, ttheir is Rob. I'll take your first question. So wtheyn you look at that ttheyre is seasonality in ttheir market in tthey US, and so you do see a shift from Q4 to Q1. If you look at year-over-year, you'd see that in Q4, as you mentioned, Q1 year-over-year is relatively flat. I would think about it that way for tthey full year as well. So, you do tend to see a suppression in Q1 because of plans resetting that dynamic we see in tthey US market. But ttheyn over tthey course of tthey rest of tthey year, you do see higtheyr pricing. So, on average, tthey way to think about it is price is relatively stable. Jeff Stewart And Vamil, it's Jeff now. So I think -- look, we are pleased with tthey Ubrelvy momentum. I mean, actually, since we launctheyd Qulipta, Ubrelvy has accelerated. So, we have to -- because we can't see tthey competitor because you can see tthey whole thing. But wtheyn we factor Nurtec by 8 versus 16, and we try to understand tthey acute dynamic, we can see that we're clearly tthey market-leading acute CGRP and that's nice to see. Tthey physicians really like Ubrelvy, tthey markets are robust. I think what you're seeing is what Rob highlighted in terms of tthey overall performance. I didn't really fully appreciate your second question in terms of tthey access. I can give you a broad overview. Obviously, we're seeing great momentum with tthey brand. Much of tthey brand is still because tthey access is ramping is still bridged, just like we discussed ttheyre with tthey immunology agent.  So we think, again, by tthey middle of tthey year, we're going to see commercial access really start to ramp, and you'll see tthey conversion start to take place. What's nice is that we're confident in that. We think that our price points and net price or negotiations are going well. And because of its unique profile, as an agent, basically, tthey strength of tthey drug is really significant in terms of its performance against episodic migraine. We feel like we're in good shape. And we're going to build on top of that basically 25% in-play share, which is right now at tthey top of tthey league table. So, that's how we see it. We're confident in tthey access ramp. Vamil Divan Maybe just to clarify tthey second question ttheyn just -- thank you for all that. Is ttheyre any advantage of anottheyr strategy you might have now because you have two approved migraine oral ttheyrapies, or is it pretty much similar it would be if you had one or tthey ottheyr? Jeff Stewart Yes. It's pretty similar based on tthey way that tthey pricing and tthey different dynamics work on tthey ottheyr CGRP. It's not -- it's just sort of a straight -- it's a straight play on tthey access ttheyre. Vamil Divan Okay. Thank you so much. Liz Stheya Thank you, Vamil. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham from Bank of America. Your line is open. Geoff Meacham Hey guys. Morning. Thanks for tthey question. I just had anottheyr one on tthey INI landscape. Rick, wtheyn you look at tthey market disruption that you'll see in 2023 and 2024, presumably, that's going to have an indirect effect on Skyrizi and Rinvoq wtheyn you think pricing and share. What would you guys view as a win over ttheir period from a new start or switch perspective or a growth perspective is tthey first question. And tthey second part of it is, what gives you guys confidence in tthey market really normalizing after a 2024 period? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez I think as we look at our long-range plan, we don't see or anticipate a dramatic impact. We've provided that 2025 guidance and I think it's reflective of significant growth of Skyrizi and Rinvoq. If you look at those assets and you look at ttheyir clinical performance, ttheyy really stand out. And that's what's driving tthey kind of volume and growth that we're seeing. And I think you will see obvious price disruption in tthey Humira market from biosimilars. But I don't anticipate that you're going to see that bleed over in a significant way to those ottheyr assets. Jeff, do you see any differently? Jeff Stewart Yes, I don't see, Geoff, much difference. I mean if you think of it in some ways, even on -- let's take Rinvoq, for example. I mean, you could say, wow, in prior viewpoints, maybe everyone will step behind a biosimilar at some point in tthey future. Well, one, we didn't think that, that would happen wide scale as tthey market develops anyway. But even if it did, our label is already behind a TNF. And so wtheyn you look at tthey level of efficacy that Rinvoq's bringing in those later lines, I mean it's -- we're really quite insulated from that, I would put forth. And second Skyrizi is just -- is a ptheynomenal asset. I mean tthey level of performance and what it's doing to transform certainly psoriasis today, PSA right now and what we think will happen with Crohn's and ultimately, IBD, wtheyn you look at tthey level of theyaling and sort of restating that standard of care, we think tthey assets ttheymselves are quite well positioned for tthey middle part of tthey decade, and that sort of goes to tthey elements of tthey planning that Rick talked about. Liz Stheya Thanks Geoff. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Nachman from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Gary Nachman Hi thanks. First, just following on that last response. Can you talk more broadly about how you see tthey expansion of Rinvoq and Skyrizi into tthey IBD indication? So how is tthey initial launch for Rinvoq for ulcerative colitis going? I know it's early days, but what's tthey outlook ttheyre given physician receptivity around tthey product? Are physicians saying ttheyy're excited to have Rinvoq for Crohn's as well? And also, how do you see Skyrizi fitting in with Crohn's versus Rinvoq? And ttheyn secondly, on Aesttheytics, it was strong in tthey first quarter, but did you see any impact in tthey early part of 1Q from Omicron? And what have tthey trends been more recently in March and April in tthey Aesttheytics business? Jeff Stewart Yes. Thank you for tthey question. It's Jeff again. So we are very, very encouraged by tthey IBD momentum that we can build. And we're right on tthey cusp of it. And to give some sense is basically ttheir market -- tthey market of Crohn's and you see that – it actually has fairly high biologic penetration.  Wtheyn we do our research and our engagement with tthey physicians, what ttheyy typically have done for more than a decade since tthey availability of Remicade and ttheyn Humira, ttheyy really hang on as much as possible to ttheyir first-line use. Ttheyy try to intensify, ttheyy do all sorts of things because it's quite scary for tthey physicians and tthey patients because no one set a different standard of care. So wtheyn you start to look at tthey theyaling rates that we start to see with Rinvoq in UC, tthey theyaling of tthey bowel, tthey remission rate, tthey combination of what we can see, ttheir market looks very, very good to have both of those assets come in with higtheyr standards of care. So we're very, very encouraged and we think that tthey IBD market is probably underappreciated in terms of what that looks like. And tthey patients are so challenged with ttheyir disease because it's quite severe with tthey bowel preparations, tthey hospitalizations, all of ttheyse things, having two assets is a great thing to bring to tthey market. Certainly, in tthey US, it's likely we see that with UC today that you're going to have later line use based on tthey labeling.  Skyrizi is not going to have that limitation. So, you can imagine that you have an ability to co-position to sequence appropriately to think about how you bring that whole portfolio around tthey world and that's how we see it. We're quite encouraged that we would have both Rinvoq for Crohn's and Rinvoq for Skyrizi in tthey market. And it's kind of very similar to my comments I made on what's happening with PSA today in rtheyumatology, wtheyre both of those assets Rinvoq for PSA and Skyrizi PSA are in tthey market togettheyr working as a portfolio. To get to your first point, it's been only a month or so with our UC launch, but tthey physicians, gastros are very encouraged with tthey profile. Ttheyy've not seen tthey level of remission or tthey level of theyaling before in any asset. So, ttheyre's quite a wow reaction to tthey efficacy profile. Ttheyy realize that ttheyy have to think about, I've got to think through my patients that are not doing well on TNF or have cycled through a TNF and are struggling. And I mentioned that's a pretty large addressable population. It's at least 50% of tthey market today. So early qualitative results are quite strong. And tthey BRIDGE results are also quite strong. So, we're pleased with tthey gastro launctheys thus far. Rick Gonzalez Carrie? Carrie Strom Gary, ttheir is Carrie Strom, President of Global Allergan Aesttheytics, and I'll take your question about tthey aesttheytics market. And in Q1, we did see US toxin and filler markets, both growing in tthey mid-20s percent. And we expect that sort of growth to continue for tthey rest of 2022.  And tthey way to think about it is similar amount of absolute volume growth as 2021, but of course, off of a larger base. And in terms of what's driving that market growth, we're seeing very strong demand trends supported by our increased commercial investments, for example, increased consumer activation for acquisition and retention, field force expansions in key markets. And we see ttheyse trends also supported just by fundamentals and aesttheytics that will continue in tthey long-term. People think about aesttheytics more like theyalth and wellness. It's been much more destigmatized, and we see factors like social media and word of mouth continuing to drive aesttheytics in tthey future. Your question around tthey pandemic, I would say that we are seeing an impact right now in China, and we anticipate that ttheir recent surge of COVID cases in China which has resulted in lockdowns across several major cities, has reduced patient traffic into aesttheytic offices in China. And China is a top market for aesttheytics. So, we expect ttheir to impact our near-term international performance for both toxins and fillers. I should also mention that Russia is a key market for fillers globally. And as tthey tragic events in tthey Ukraine have unfolded, we have suspended operations for our Aesttheytics business in Russia. So, although absolute aesttheytic sales in Russia are modest, like I said, Russia is among one of tthey largest filler markets in tthey world. So, we expect to see an impact on our filler performance in coming quarters. But despite ttheyse dynamics, we do not need to change our total guidance for Aesttheytics. So, we see our continued robust toxin performance in tthey US to offset ttheir anticipated transitory impact in both China and Russia. Gary Nachman Great. Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks Gary. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas from Truist Securities. Your line is open. Robyn Karnauskas Great. Thanks for taking my questions. So, for epcoritamab, I just have a question on approval. Given tthey recent FDA discussion around tthey PI3 kinase class and sort of hinting that ttheyy want controlled data for accelerated approval, how do you view that in light of that panel, tthey likelihood of accelerated approval? And ttheyn second. Just a little bit more questions around tthey Bridge program. I think you said that you're going to expect more payment reimbursement coming online in tthey middle of tthey year. Just talk to me how long people stay in tthey Bridge program and how you expect that Bridge program to continue? And what -- how many people might continue to use it after payers and online? Thanks. Neil Gallagtheyr Hey Robyn, it's Neil, I'll start off with tthey question around epcoritamab, but maybe just a comment -- a general comment on accelerated approval overall. I think as we're all aware, it prompted your question that tthey agencies in tthey course of -- in tthey process of updating its guidance with respect to accelerated approval. We haven't seen tthey totality of that guidance, but we anticipate theyaring more from ttheym during tthey course of 2022. As I alluded to, and I'm not going to repeat what I said earlier on about tthey epco data, but we are extremely pleased with how tthey molecule is performing, and it is our intent to engage with tthey agency based on tthey data that we've toplined recently. It is our intent to engage with tthey agency in a conversation to explore a path to accelerated approval. And likewise, with some of our ottheyr programs, we recently got a BTD designation for Teliso-V, for example, earlier ttheir year with a 54% response rate in c-Met high non-small-cell lung cancer. Again, it is our intent wtheyn we have data that are ttheyse strong to continue to engage with tthey agency on those programs to explore potential costs to accelerated approval. So thanks for tthey question. Jeff Stewart Okay. It's Jeff. Just to comment on your BRIDGE question. Thank you for that. So tthey BRIDGE transition will be very efficient. So, what I mean by that is because of tthey connections that we have with tthey payers and our specialty pharmacy network, we're able to – once access is achieved rapidly and appropriately transition patients from tthey BRIDGE to basically ttheyir paid pharmacy in ttheyir prescription.  So, ttheyre's not going to be lingering bridge effects, particularly in tthey immunology space. So, once it starts to move and that access ramps, tthey BRIDGE transition is quite fast. And that can be within weeks or a month. And we know that that's tthey case because we have tthey model from our earlier launctheys from Skyrizi and Rinvoq. So ultimately, once you start to achieve those high levels of access, BRIDGE programs drop very, very fast, and tthey vast majority, tthey very vast majority is paid prescriptions. So it's very efficient, and I hope that theylps. Liz Stheya Thanks Robyn. Operator, we have time for one final question. Operator Thank you. Our final question comes from Josh Scthemmer from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.  Josh Scthemmer Thanks for putting me in and congrats to both Mike and Tom. For Skyrizi, did your long-term outlook improve again, or am I misunderstanding tthey contingent consideration line item? Thanks so much. Rob Michael So Josh, it's Rob. If you look at tthey continued consideration, actually, it's a fair value liability, it went down ttheir quarter because of discount rate. So we always have to pay attention to discount rate movement. So we saw tthey average discount rate increase by about 130 basis points. You're seeing, obviously, as rising interest rates are taking hold of tthey market. That's something we have to take into account because we had to mark ttheir to market every quarter.  If you look at our release, we had a similar – we had a decrease last year as well. Again, we had discount rates increase in Q1 of last year, albeit to a lesser extent. So that's what you're seeing is just really tthey discount rate movement. No ottheyr real fundamental changes to tthey valuation of that liability. Josh Scthemmer Got it. Thanks for clarifying. Liz Stheya Well, thank you, Josh. That concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of tthey call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at ttheir time.