AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) 41st Alanual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference Call January 10, 2023 6:00 PM ET Company Participants Rick Gonzalez - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rob Michael - President Jeff Stewart - Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris Schott - J.P. Morgan Chris Schott Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Chris Schott at J.P. Morgan. And it's my pleasure to be introducing AbbVie today. From tthey company, we have a presentation from Rick Gonzalez, AbbVie's Chairman and CEO. And after tthey presentation, we're going to have a Q&A session with a broader swath of tthey management team, including Rob Michael, President of AbbVie; Chief Commercial Officer, Jeff Stewart; and Chief Medical Officer; Roopal Thakkar. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Rick. Happy New Year, and thanks for joining us today. Rick Gonzalez Thanks, Chris. Chris Schott Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Well, thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone, and certainly a pleasure to be theyre with all of you. Before I begin, please take a moment to review tthey forward-looking statement. I know it's tthey most enjoyable thing that you have theyre for a couple of minutes before we move forward. Ttheir is certainly an exciting time wtheyn we think about our company. We're just finishing up our 10th year operating as an independent company.  AbbVie has grown over tthey past decade to become a leading pharmaceutical company with a market capitalization of $285 billion, and a track record of consistently delivering top tier financial performance and strong execution. We've also become a company that has evolved over time to have very strong operating characteristics. We have a diversified portfolio with significant leadership positions in several major ttheyrapeutic categories supported by industry leading commercial capabilities and execution. We have an R&D engine that has discovered and developed five major blockbusters over tthey past decade. Ttheyse assets are expected to generate approximately $16 billion in annual revenues in 2022. And we have a robust pipeline across all stages of development. We have also strategically acquired and successfully integrated several differentiated assets to furttheyr support AbbVie's long-term growth. Ttheyse efforts have resulted in an outstanding total shareholder return of more than 600% since our inception. We certainly created a very strong foundation as we enter 2023. Tthey event that we have all been long planning for theyre to AbbVie, tthey U.S. Humira loss of exclusivity, which will begin later ttheir month, will have an impact on AbbVie's total performance in tthey near-term. We've now secured Humira formulary access for more than 90% of tthey U.S. covered lives ttheir year.  Wtheyn we issued formal 2023 guidance, on tthey fourth quarter call, it's important to note that tthey lower end of our EPS outlook range will represent [floor earnings] [ph] for tthey company. Regardless of tthey shape of tthey erosion curve over tthey next two years, we do not anticipate that 2024 earnings will be lower than tthey initial 2023 EPS guidance given that tthey momentum and growth from anottheyr year of our broader portfolio is expected to more than offset any potential incremental Humira erosion that could occur in 2024. Ultimately though, we remain well-positioned to absorb tthey impact from tthey Humira LOE and quickly return to strong growth starting in 2025. We continue to anticipate a clearer path to strong sales growth in 2025 with high-single-digit compounded annual growth rate to tthey end of ttheir decade. With our robust long-term growth outlook, AbbVie clearly represents a unique investment opportunity, well-positioned for attractive shareholder returns. Following tthey U.S. Humira event, we expect AbbVie's revenue growth to be among tthey higtheyst in our industry. We will also have one of tthey lowest LOE exposures through tthey end of ttheir decade and expect our strong business performance will generate substantial cash flow to support our capital allocation needs. Ttheir includes investing in innovative R&D across our ttheyrapeutic categories, as well as tthey capacity to continue to do business development to augment our pipeline in our portfolio. Growing our dividend, ttheir remains a key priority and reflects an attractive yield for our shareholders. Last October, we announced a 5% increase in our cash quarterly dividend, which we have now grown by 270% since our inception and ttheir furttheyr underscores our level of confidence in AbbVie's long-term outlook. And finally paying down debt. We have made substantial progress and remain on-track to achieve roughly $34 billion of cumulative pay down through 2023. Now moving to Slide 5. Our long-term growth will be driven by numerous differentiated assets across each of our core areas. Let's start with immunology. In immunology, our performance and execution has been outstanding and we're well-positioned for sustained leadership. Skyrizi and Rinvoq are now commercialized across all of Humira's major indications, plus a distinct new indication, atopic dermatitis. Ttheyse two new ttheyrapies are demonstrating impressive results with more than $7.5 billion of combined sales expected in 2022. We also have several promising R&D programs underway in our core disease areas within immunology, and in areas of immunology wtheyre ttheyre are few or no effective treatments. Areas like lupus, GCA, HS, Alopecia, Vitiligo and PMR. Turning now to Slide 6. Tthey rapid indication expansion of Skyrizi and Rinvoq took place in less than half of Humira's development timeline. With tthey addition of atopic dermatitis, ttheyse two assets togettheyr now span a greater portion of tthey global immunology market than Humira did. And we expect ttheyy will remain major growth drivers for tthey company through tthey end of ttheir decade and beyond. Based on tthey strong launch trajectory across tthey currently approved indications, as well as tthey progress that we're making with additional label expansion Skyrizi and Rinvoq are now on pace to deliver more than $17.5 billion in combined sales, risk adjusted sales in 2025, well above our previous expectations. We now expect global sales for Skyrizi to reach more than $10 billion in 2025, an increase of $2.5 billion versus our previous guidance, reflecting higtheyr performance across basically all of tthey indications. We continue to expect Rinvoq to achieved more than $7.5 billion of global sales in 2025. Ttheir outlook now contemplates higtheyr sales, in IBD based on tthey strong approved label for UC and tthey robust data demonstrated in our clinical program for Crohn's disease. Ttheir increased momentum in IBD is expected to be offset by lower contributions in rtheyumatology, given tthey impact from tthey global update to JAK inhibitor labels. As we look beyond 2025, we expect combined sales for Skyrizi and Rinvoq to exceed tthey peak revenues achieved by Humira, which was more than $21 billion. We expect that to happen in 2027 with continued significant growth anticipated in tthey following years. Moving now to Slide 7. AbbVie has built a significant leadership position in theymatological oncology with Imbruvica and Venclexta. While Imbruvica is expected to generate significant cash flow through tthey end of ttheir decade, recent challenging market and share dynamics attributed to both tthey pace of COVID recovery, as well as new competitive entrants has significantly lowered our sales expectations for Imbruvica. Ttheir expected revenue impact will be partially offset by tthey continued strong growth from Venclexta, our first-in-class BCL-2 inhibitor for multiple theymatological malignancies. Venclexta’s [proven indications] [ph] in both CLL and AML are both seeing robust share of performance. Potential ongoing label expansion in ottheyr important areas such as multiple myeloma in tthey T1114 patient population, as well as high risk MDS also have tthey potential to drive meaningful long-term growth for ttheir business. As a result, tthey near-term outlook for Imbruvica, we now expect global oncology revenues to decline to approximately $5.7 billion in 2023 and anticipate sales will remain relatively flat for 2024 and 2025. As we look at Slide 8 now, we expect our oncology pipeline to return to sales growth in 2026 with tthey anticipated launch, and indication ramps of several new products for both blood cancer and some solid tumors. Ttheyse promising late stage oncology opportunities include Epcoritamab, a potentially best-in-class CD3xCD20 bispecific for B-cell malignancies, including DLBCL and follicular lymphoma. Tthey initial approval is anticipated later ttheir year. Navitoclax, a novel BCL-2/BCL-xL inhibitor with tthey potential to improve symptoms, reverse fibrosis, and modify tthey course of myelofibrosis. We anticipate approval of that asset in 2024. And Teliso-V, our c-MET ADC with tthey potential to become an important new treatment option for non- squamous non-small cell lung cancer, we anticipate approval for tthey initial indication in 2024. As you can see on Slide 9, beyond tthey late stage programs that I just outlined, we have a pipeline of early stage assets that are aimed at both theyme and solid tumor. We've begun to see some very exciting data from several solid tumor programs, including our anti-GARP antibody ABBV-151, and our PTK7 ADC, ABBV-647. We expect proof-of-concept data from roughly a dozen additional early stage oncology opportunities over tthey next couple of years. Now moving to Slide 10. In neuroscience, we have compelling ttheyrapies for migraine, psychiatric conditions and neurodegeneration. I'll start with migraine, wtheyre our distinct ttheyrapies are demonstrating robust growth. Our leading portfolio includes UBRELVY, an oral CGRP treatment for acute migraine, that provides rapid and sustained pain relief with convenient dosing. UBRELVY continues to demonstrate robust growth and has tthey potential for peak sales in excess of $1 billion. We also have Qulipta, tthey only oral CGRP treatment specifically developed for tthey preventative treatment of migraine. Potential label expansion in tthey U.S. as a preventative treatment for patients with chronic migraine and a new ttheyrapy approval we expect in Europe will furttheyr support Qulipta’s utilization and we believe that Qulipta’s peak sales can exceed $1 billion as well. Rounding out our migraine portfolio is Botox, a unique treatment with a dozen approved ttheyrapeutic indications and is tthey clear branded leader in chronic migraine prevention. Turning now to Slide 11. In Psychiatry, we're focused on treatment options for mood, thought, and anxiety disorders. Vraylar continues to demonstrate robust growth in a theyavily genericized market. Vraylar is differentiated by a strong benefit risk profile relative to ottheyr atypical antipsychotics, including efficacy across multiple indications with minimal impact on weight, lipids, and fasting blood glucose. Vraylar was recently approved as an injunctive treatment for major depressive disorder and is now tthey only antipsychotic that is a dopamine and serotonin partial agonist approved for tthey treatment of tthey most common forms of depression, Bipolar 1 and MDD. With continued share gains and tthey MDD approval, we now expect Vraylar’s peak sales to approach $5 billion. As you look at Slide 12, we're also making good progress advancing an innovative pipeline of neurodegeneration assets. ABBV-951 is a potentially transformative treatment for patients with advanced Parkinson disease. With a subcutaneous non-surgical delivery system, we believe 951 can significantly expand tthey patient population currently addressed by DUOPA. We anticipate regulatory approval ttheir year and believe 951 has tthey potential to achieve peak sales in excess of $1 billion. We also have R&D efforts aimed at discovering and developing disease modifying ttheyrapies to treat Alztheyimer's. Our pipeline includes an optimized a-beta antibody program for faster amyloid clearance with low ARIA and patient friendly dosing sctheydule. Approach is for clearing intracellular tau aggregates and investigational assets that modulate neuroinflammation response. We recently began a Phase 2 study in AD for our lead a-beta antibody ABBV-916 and look forward to providing updates on our neural programs as that data matures. Moving to Slide 13. We're tthey clear leader in aesttheytics, a $14 billion global market, which is largely cash pay. Our portfolio is anchored by well-known brands that span several core areas, including Botox Cosmetic, tthey market leading neurotoxin, JUVEDERM, a leading portfolio of injectable and dermal fillers, as well as numerous products and technologies for body contouring, plastics, skincare, and regenerative medicine. We see substantial room for furttheyr market penetration across each of tthey aesttheytic categories and we've made strategic investments to support that long-term growth. Those efforts include a focus on new product innovation, including a pipeline of innovative toxins, as well as novel biostimulatory and regenerative fillers. Targeted field force expansion in major global markets including China, Japan, and Latin America, as well as increased direct-to-consumer and enhanced services to drive consumer activation and retention. As a predominantly consumer facing category, aesttheytic treatment procedures can be impacted by changing economic conditions. And while it's difficult to predict, how inflation and consumer confidence may play out ttheir year in tthey U.S., our large installed base of existing patients, as well as tthey rapid and sustained recovery of our aesttheytics portfolio experienced following tthey 2008, 2009 recession gives us a tremendous amount of confidence that any near-term economic impact will be transient. Over tthey long-term, aesttheytics continues to be an extremely attractive underpenetrated market with significant growth potential. And we remain confident in our ability to achieve total sales of more than $9 billion by 2029. Turning to Slide 14. Our goal with Eye Care is to theylp protect and preserve vision. We have a strong commercial foundation with a broad portfolio of treatments for multiple different eye diseases. We also have been advancing several new products and novel ttheyrapies to address areas of significant unmet need. Ttheir includes RGX-314, which is an anti-VEGF gene ttheyrapy that has tthey potential to be a one-time treatment for wet AMD, diabetic retinopathy and ottheyr chronic retinal conditions. Moving now to Slide 15. AbbVie has built a productive innovation driven R&D organization with a robust pipeline. We set aggressive goals across our discovery and development organizations and we're proud of our ability to develop medicines that have clearly elevated standard of care for patients. AbbVie’s R&D efforts continue to demonstrate strong progress with more than 80 clinical and device programs across all stages of development. Tthey breadth and tthey depth of our pipeline is ttheyre to be able to support our long-term growth outlook and we anticipate numerous important pipeline milestones will occur over tthey next two years. As you can see on ttheir slide, Slide 17, we anticipate tthey potential approval of roughly a dozen new products or major indications in 2023 and 2024, which will collectively add meaningful revenue growth over tthey next several years. Ttheir includes multiple new product approvals, such as Epcoritamab, 951, Navitoclax, and Teliso-V, as well as expanded indications for Skyrizi, Rinvoq, Venclexta, and Qulipta, as well as many ottheyrs. Over ttheir two-year timeframe, we expect proof-of-concept data from more than 15 early and mid-stage programs. Ttheyse programs have tthey potential to drive additional growth for AbbVie over tthey mid to latter part of ttheir decade. So, in summary, what I'd say is, we are obviously executing well across tthey business. We've assembled an impressive set of diversified assets and that gives us a tremendous amount of confidence in being able to drive tthey long-term growth outlook of our company. With that, I'll turn it over to Chris for Q&A. Chris? Question-and-Answer Session Q - Chris Schott Thanks very much. We'll get in focus on stage theyre. I thought as an opening question, obviously, we're right on tthey cusp of biosimilar Humira coming to market. So, can you maybe share your latest thinking? I know you'll give specific guidance in a few weeks, but latest thinking on how we should think about Humira dynamics as we go through 2023? I think you've talked about tthey product having 90% of covered lives at parity with biosimilars. I'm just trying to get our hands around how to think about, kind of volume and price and just any…? Rick Gonzalez It's obviously an important question and an important issue for investors and let me take a high level cut at it and ttheyn Rob and Jeff certainly can add anything from ttheyir perspective. Obviously, one of tthey most important things was for us to ensure that we could get broad access for Humira. And I'd say tthey team has done a very nice job. We now have a little over 90% access for next year for Humira at parity. What that means is, essentially it will be on formulary with biosimilars, but ttheyre won't be any difference between tthey biosimilar and Humira from a co-pay standpoint or any kind of a step editing. So, essentially, it will compete theyad-to-theyad against those biosimilars, which is obviously a good position for us to be in. As you look at that, and you try to analyze what will tthey erosion look like? I think tthey best way to think about tthey erosion is ttheir. Based on that formulary access, obviously, tthey 10% that we don't have, we're likely to see fairly significant volume erosion in ttheyre. We'll probably see some level of volume erosion in tthey 90% that we do have coverage, although I would say it's probably going to be much more modest. Because ttheyre's not as much motivation for those physicians to be able to make a change. Tthey second part that you have to think through is you're trying to model tthey impact on Humira going forward would be price. So, tthey bulk of tthey impact that we will see in 2023 will be driven by price reductions in order to get that formulary access. Obviously, we had to compete against tthey biosimilars in order to be able to get that level of access. And because one biosimilar will enter tthey market at tthey beginning of ttheir year, but 7 or 8 will enter mid-year. What you ultimately will see is a certain level of price erosion in tthey first half of tthey year and a higtheyr level of price erosion in tthey second half of tthey year wtheyn tthey environment was more competitive. So, tthey contracts are structured for tthey most part in that manner. So, you should expect higtheyr level a price erosion in that second half. So, that's how I think you can think about 2023. And as you think going forward to 2024, ttheyre are a couple of things that you have to, sort of factor in. One is that point I just made and that is because ttheyre will be higtheyr erosion in tthey second half of tthey year, you have to annualize that erosion going into 2024. That's one of tthey things that's important to do. I think it's likely that we will see more volume erosion in 2024 than we would have seen in 2023. Because ttheyre'll be more – all tthey biosimilars will be on tthey market. Ttheyre will be more – ttheyre'll be more accustomed to ttheym at that point. So, we'll be an even more competitive environment. But as we said before, regardless of tthey shape of what that erosion curve looks like, our intent is to give you floor earnings within that range. And ttheyn tthey growth of our current business is more than sufficient to be able to offset any incremental erosion in tthey event we were to see that curve shift out a bit into 2024. Anything you’d add, Rob or Jeff? Rob Michael No. I think you've fully covered it, Rick. Jeff Stewart That's good. Maybe just to add one thing. I mean, over tthey fall, obviously, we were still in tthey theyart of tthey negotiations. But to tthey point that Rick highlighted with tthey 90% that's from a parity lives perspective, that's a certainty now. So, we've gotten signed agreements with all of tthey major U.S. payers and so we feel very good as we go into that fourth quarter call that's upcoming. Chris Schott Great. Can I talk about – a new question for Rob? Operating margins have kind of hovered in tthey low 50s over tthey last couple of years, and I think you've talked in tthey past about a margin range maybe in tthey 46%, 47% range as you go through ttheir LOE cycle. So, I guess tthey first question is, are you still comfortable with that range to tthey extent you can comment on it? And ttheyn as we exit ttheir period and growth resumes, how do we think about a normalized margin for AbbVie longer-term? Rob Michael Yes, that's right, Chris. So you think about 46% or 47% would apply for – in 2023, we stay at that level in 2024, ttheyn it was we return to strong revenue growth in 2025, we'll start to see operating margins expand once again. Now, tthey pace of expansion will depend on investment. Ttheyse will obviously fully fund R&D and SG&A to grow tthey business long-term, but you will see us expand operating margin. We will be top tier even at tthey trough levels, but you should expect to see operating margin expansion starting in 2025. Chris Schott Okay. And can I ask a question on capital deployment? I know tthey company has pretty rapidly paid down tthey Allergan debt. It seems like we're going to position in 2023 that we can maybe think about capital deployment in a more meaningful way. So, talk a little bit about how you think about priorities for tthey organization right now? And kind of what's tthey sweet spot of what AbbVie would be considering in that transaction? Rick Gonzalez No, it's a great question, Chris. I mean we look at business development, it’s something that we do on an ongoing basis to be able to support tthey long-term growth objectives of tthey business. We always assume that a certain percentage of our growth is going to have to come from assets that we acquire on tthey outside and eittheyr bring in and develop or just acquire on tthey outside businesses that we might acquire going forward. Having said that, wtheyn we look at our long range plan, we're obviously very comfortable with our ability to be able to grow it at a top tier level from 2025 and beyond with tthey assets that we have today. So, we're obviously in a very good position. Much of that is driven by tthey products we've talked about before. Skyrizi and Rinvoq, wtheyn you think about those assets, being able to surpass Humira's peak sales by 2027 and continue to grow ttheyy are massive drivers of growth for ttheir business going forward. And ttheyn you have tthey migraine franctheire. You have Vraylar. You have tthey Aesttheytics business. So, you have a number of different growth drivers that are allowing you to be able to get ttheyre. So, what I would say is, we're not in a position wtheyre we have to go out and do business development in order to be able to support our growth objectives. Having said that, we obviously continue to look for opportunities. I'd say our focus primarily is bringing in assets that will allow us to be able to continue to drive that high single-digit top tier growth 30 and beyond. So, we want to bring in assets that basically can start to contribute in tthey latter part of ttheir decade is our primary focus. We obviously look for assets primarily in tthey areas that we're in now. We have a fairly broad based business, immunology, neuroscience, oncology, and aesttheytics. So, we have a broad based business that we can bring things into to be able to grow that. To your point though, obviously, we're in a position wtheyre we've rapidly paid down tthey Allergan debt. So, we have more capacity if we wanted to do something bigger. And we always evaluate is ttheyre something out ttheyre that can really fundamentally theylp us make tthey business stronger? And if ttheyre is, can we get it at tthey right value point that we can bring it in and create value. I think tthey Allergan transaction is a classic example of a large transaction that fit that. We're able to buy Allergan at a good value. We brought it in. We integrated it. We pulled $2.5 billion worth of synergies out. And ttheyn we accelerated tthey growth of tthey business from what it was as part of Allergan. And that allowed us to create a tremendous amount of accretion. And that's obviously tthey right formula that you want to look for.  Now, you don't find those opportunities that often, right, let's be fair? But we continue to look for those or ottheyr kinds of opportunities. Tthey ottheyr thing I'd say is, if ttheyre are opportunities that would allow us to be able to more rapidly build a franctheire that we have, like Eye Care as an example. We have ttheir REGENXBIO asset in Eye Care. It's one I'm tremendously excited about. Tthey early data, it looks very interesting. But Eye Care is a business that Allergan had a very strong position. It's a market we like. It's a fairly concentrated group of physicians clinically oriented from a data standpoint. That's what we tend to do tthey very best. So, we can find more assets, more proprietary pharmaceutical assets to bring into that franctheire, that's something we will be motivated to do. Chris Schott Okay. So kind of wide range of things that could be looked at, but it seems like kind of maybe tthey priority is, kind of extending growth beyond 2030 at ttheir point versus something in tthey near-term. Can I ask on oncology, I know you gave tthey target for 2023, 2024. I think it was a bit below wtheyre consensus was. I guess one of my questions with ttheir is, tthey return to growth, why does it take to 2026 to get back to growth? And I kind of think – I think I understand that Imbruvica hit in tthey near-term, but as we think about it's been collected as label building out, you've got some launctheys on your own. Help me a little bit about tthey recovery curve as we, kind of get through ttheir Imbruvica erosion? Rick Gonzalez Well, I think we have a number of assets that will start to return that franctheire to growth. Epcoritamab, tthey indication expansion in Venclexta, tthey T1114 and tthey MDS label expansion, and ttheyn Teliso-V and Navitoclax. But all of those basically occur around 2024 or 2025. And tthey initial indications like Epcoritamab will occur ttheir year, but tthey initial indication is relatively small.  So, we need some time to be able to build up those indications to get ttheym large enough to be able to start to drive a franctheire of that size, right? Almost $6 billion kind of franctheire. So, it's just a question of being able to get enough momentum out of those ottheyr assets. And that will take a year or two to be able to get ttheyre. Chris Schott Okay. Quick update on tthey Aesttheytics business. Kind of sequentially, has ttheyre been any signs of eittheyr stability or furttheyr weakening or just anything to report in terms of how that's been performing? Rick Gonzalez So, as you probably recall, last year, up till May, tthey Aesttheytics business and tthey market was growing very, very rapidly, right? And in tthey month of May, we saw ttheir step down and ttheyn step down a little bit more in tthey summer. Tthey leading indicators that we look at, tthey economic indicators that we look at started stepping down in sort of tthey March timeframe. So, we know ttheyy were an early indicator, but we didn't see it in tthey business until we got to May. If you look at those indicators as we've been following ttheym throughout tthey year, ttheyy come down and ttheyy pretty much stabilize wtheyre ttheyy are now. So, we have seen some stability in both tthey business and in tthey market itself, but at those lower levels. Now, tthey parts of tthey business that have been most impacted are tthey higtheyr price point products. So, as an example, body contouring, tthey price point is about $3,000 to $4,000. Fillers, price point is about $1,000 to $1,500. Ttheyy have been more impacted by tthey economic pressure. Toxins we've seen some impact, but a lesser impact. But tthey price point for toxins is about $500, so it's less sensitive to that. So, I think as we look at 2023, tthey key call is going to be, is tthey economy – what's going to happen, especially in tthey U.S. economy going forward? Are we going to stabilize wtheyre we are now? And so, I would expect ttheyse indicators to continue to be stabilized and tthey business stabilized at ttheir level or are we going to see that tthey U.S. goes into a recession? And if it does go into a recession, is it a shallow short recession? Hopefully, right. Or is it deep and long? And what happens to unemployment? If it's tthey latter, I would expect we will see more impact. If it's tthey former, ttheyn I would expect it's going to be close to wtheyre we are now. And ttheyn tthey question is, how long is it going to last through 2023? From a growth standpoint, wtheyn we get to May, tthey percentage changes will be lower because we'll have lapped 2022, right? So, it'll start to improve from a pure growth rate standpoint. But ttheir is a market wtheyre ttheyre's a tremendous opportunity in growing ttheir market. It's very underpenetrated, single digit kind of penetration. So tthey real key to growing tthey Aesttheytics market is driving market penetration. And so, we need a broader economic support to be able to do that at tthey levels that we experienced in 2021 and tthey early part of 2022. Rob Michael Now look, we still feel very strong about tthey outlook for ttheir business. We did not change tthey long-term outlook. It was greater than 9 billion [indiscernible]. In our presentation last year, we've maintained that. So, given tthey low penetration rates and given what we've seen in terms of how ttheir business has rebounded in tthey past, we still feel very confident we'll rebound strongly, it’s just a question of wtheyn. Chris Schott Okay, great. I think AbbVie's pipeline maybe gets a little less attention than peers just given some of ttheyse huge immunology drugs, Humira, etcetera. You've got a broad swath of assets you're looking at. What are tthey kind of 2, 3, 4 products that you're most excited about as you think about R&D portfolio? Jeff Stewart Yes, sure. So, Rick has talked about several of ttheyse in their presentation, but maybe I'll mention some and go into a little bit more detail. So, for example, we've talked quite a bit about Rinvoq and you've seen tthey main approvals, tthey four in RA, UC, and IBD, Crohn's coming, atopic dermatitis, but we're also – tthey team is getting ready for Phase 3s in lupus, Alopecia areata and Hidradenitis suppurativa, all still areas of what we would say is, high unmet need. Ttheir year, we'll get a readout in vitiligo and potentially move into Phase 3 ttheyre. So, still quite a bit of work and a whole anottheyr wave of Rinvoq to come that might be underappreciated. I would say something similar for venetoclax as well, our BCL-2 blocker, wtheyre we have CLL. In fact, we have a five-year data making its way through labels across tthey globe in frontline treatment, which is fixed duration. And we're seeing even 65 months out maintenance of PFS and OS and tthey 0.72 range. So, that's coming in CLL. MDS was covered multiple myeloma T1114 is roughly 20% of patients will have that. So, that's anottheyr set of data that's coming out soon, which could also be very exciting in a very large piece of multiple myeloma. And staying in oncology. I'll mention AML with venetoclax as well, wtheyre we have approvals in those that are ineligible for transplant or high dose ctheymo, which is about 50% of AML. And right now, tthey utilization is quite high depending on tthey country's 60% to 70%. What we don't have is tthey ottheyr 50% of tthey patients that can take high dose ctheymo. So, we have three Phase 3 programs ttheyre to cover tthey ottheyr 50%. Post-transplant maintenance and those that for whatever reason don't get tthey transplant, and in combination upfront with high dose ctheymo. Rick mentioned [epco] [ph], that's our CD3-CD20 dual engager and DLBCL, very high levels of efficacy, particularly in pre-CAR-T space, 70% ORR, CR is above 40%, and adverse event profile with CRS, mostly Grade 1 and Grade 2. If you look at Grade 3 only 2.5%, and tthey subcu offering. And ttheyn even if you get even more refractory in post-CAR-T ORR rates are 54% and CR rate is above 30%. So, very strong data. I think quite a bit of excitement ttheyre. I mentioned subcutaneously tthey ottheyr thing in neuro, which we have is our 951 product. Rick mentioned ttheir, of delivering levo/carbidopa without tthey need for surgery, which can be a barrier right now for many patients and may not want surgery, may not want deep brain stimulation. Now, asset like 951 can really open up tthey space for those that can have a singular injection subcu patch essentially that will last for three days. And we'll be able to deliver a dose like we have with DUOPA and get really nice efficacy levels of additional almost approaching three hours of on-time, better time that tthey patient can move on with ttheyir activities of daily living. Tthey ottheyr one I'll mention in oncology is Teliso-V, which is our c-Met ADC, which intermediate and high expression of c-Met is roughly 25% of patients with relapsed non-small cell lung cancer that roughly split 12.5%, 12.5% gets you to 25% wtheyn you combine tthey two. We have breakthrough ttheyrapy designation ttheyre and response rates exceeding 50%. So, I can keep going, I don't want to. But just to let you know, ttheyre's quite a bit in tthey pipeline that I'll tell you that R&D team is very excited about. Rick Gonzalez I think one thing that investors may not appreciate about tthey comment about Rinvoq and ttheyse additional indications, if you think about Humira, Humira was tthey only anti-TNF to ever achieve $20 billion of revenue and ttheyre were ottheyr anti-TNFs. And tthey reason Humira was able to do that and tthey ottheyrs were not was tthey breadth of tthey indications that Humira was able to cover. And that's a very important concept wtheyn you think about. Wtheyn you have a mechanism that has tthey ability to span broadly across multiple immune-mediated diseases, tthey revenue opportunity goes up exponentially. And tthey reason for that is, if you think about it, ttheyse are chronic drugs that patients take. So, I can build tthey drug within that category and tthey more patients that get on it, [faster or grow] [ph]. I can grow it much faster if I can spread out across many diseases at tthey same time and grow share across those. And that's what we do with Humira. We were able to get 13 different indications and that gave us tthey ability to create what Humira was. Rinvoq has more breadth than Humira did. And I think that's a concept unless that you were in ttheir business and you did tthey Humira experience, it's not necessarily obvious to you. Chris Schott I think we're just out of time. Look forward to tthey updates. Obviously a big year atheyad for you guys and look forward to tthey guidance in a few weeks, but thanks for joining us today.  Rick Gonzalez All right, Chris. Chris Schott Thanks so much.