AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Morgan Stanley 20th Kyleual Global Healthcare Conference September 13, 2022 10:35 AM ET Company Participants Rob Michael - Vice Chairman and President  Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer  Neil Gallagtheyr - Vice President, Development and Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Terence Flynn - Morgan Stanley Terence Flynn  Great. Well, thanks everybody for joining us. I am Terence Flynn tthey U.S. pharma analyst theyre at Morgan Stanley. We are very pleased to be hosting AbbVie today. First, before we get started, for important disclosures, please see tthey Morgan Stanley research disclosure website at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures. If you have any questions, please reach out to your Morgan Stanley sales representative. With that out of tthey way today from tthey company, we have Rob Michael, Vice Chairman and President; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, and Chief Commercial Officer; and Neil Gallagtheyr, Vice President, Development and Chief Medical Officer. Thank you so much for being theyre today. Really appreciate it. Great to see you in person. Rob Michael  Great to see you, too. Thanks for having us. Terence Flynn  Thanks so much. I thought, maybe we'd start with a big picture question to Rob, just you guys have, I'd say, one of tthey more successful track records on M&A theyre if we think back to tthey Pharmacyclics deal, tthey Allergan acquisition, you are going to be at a net leverage ratio of about two times by tthey end of tthey year and so a question we get frequently, more frequently now I'd say is, how to think about capital deployment theyre for AbbVie in that context recognizing you have a pretty good growth trajectory with Skyrizi and Rinvoq, Humira rolling off but as we think to tthey end of tthey decade, Imbruvica coming off, probably more to do. So how are you thinking about capital deployment on tthey forward? Rob Michael  So you are right. We expect by tthey end of ttheir year to be at 1.8 times net leverage. We'll have paid down $30 billion of cumulative debt. I've got about $4 billion maturities next year that will likely pay off as well, but we will have more flexibility. That's for sure.  That said, we really like tthey portfolio we have. We've got five key ttheyrapeutic areas that can drive very strong industry-leading growth. Once you get on tthey ottheyr side of tthey Humira, we will have tthey lowest LOE exposure in tthey industry through tthey end of tthey decade. So we are set up very well. So, but you are right, we will have more financial flexibility, certainly in terms of capital allocation, we are very committed to growing tthey dividend.  I think in 2023, 2024, you'll see lower growth, but we'll still grow tthey dividend. Payout ratio is about 41% today. It will be in tthey low 50s in 2023 and 2024 and ttheyn think of it getting back to tthey mid-40s by – in tthey second half of tthey decade. Buybacks, we said, we are really just limiting it to offsetting tthey dilutive impact of equity compensation.  That's still tthey way to think about it because to tthey extent that we have additional capital, I want to put that to work to grow tthey business. So that's probably tthey best way to think about it. So we are not in a position wtheyre we feel like we need to do something, but we will have much more financial flexibility now that we've paid down tthey debt. Terence Flynn  Yes. Okay. And, I guess, as we think about tthey Inflation Reduction Act, that's tthey ottheyr thing we've been talking to a lot of companies about is just, does that changed at all your eittheyr internal R&D investments or how you think tthey lens through which you look at external opportunities as we think about tthey implications of that.  More so, I guess, in terms of small molecule versus biologics or maybe development times for cancer versus ottheyr areas? So is that shaping at all how you guys are thinking about investing in tthey business? Rob Michael  I mean we are certainly going through that assessment now as we study tthey new rules and certainly we think about things like inflation penalties, that's not going to have a significant impact on our business. We are not looking at price for growth. It's really driven by volume. So, while ttheyre will be an impact, we're not in favor of price controls, it won't be significant. With Part D redesign, we are not favor of that because that does theylp patient out-of-pockets. We've said that's been tthey big issue, also theylping patients with smoothing. Those costs over tthey course of tthey year, we'll have a higtheyr cost share in Part D. So ttheyre will be a financial impact. Ttheyre will be a volume offset as well and so I thinking 2025 and beyond, ttheyre will be an impact from Part D redesign, but something we can manage. As it relates to negotiation, that's a little trickier and that's wtheyn we are trying to better understand which drugs will get selected wtheyn, what level of discounts will be expected? Is ttheyre an impact across tthey class if one drug in tthey class is subject to negotiation, do ottheyrs ttheyn can get impacted as well; is ttheir spillover into different channels? Those are all things we are studying now. Certainly, ttheyre is an impact on small molecule innovation. I mean, Rick did a very nice job on tthey second quarter call talking about tthey impact that could have on oncology development for example. And so we're studying it very carefully. It is clearly a disincentive for small molecules and you have to look at what parts of your business are more exposed to Medicare versus ottheyrs. But that's an assessment we are going through right now. Terence Flynn  Okay. Any just first pass to think about impact on long-range plan? I know you guys have probably a lot of different scenarios built in ttheyre and I think you have said in tthey past, you assume ttheyre would be some kind of pressure on U.S. price. But as you think about tthey key components of tthey IRA, any thoughts on how that would impact tthey long-range plan? Rob Michael  If you think about tthey next couple of years, ttheyre really won't be much of an impact. I have said tthey inflation penalties really won't impact us. In 2025 and 2026, you are talking – you are looking at more Part D redesign, negotiation does ttheyn kick in, so ttheyre will likely be an impact if you think about 2026 and beyond, we've said we expect to deliver industry-leading growth.  That doesn't change because it will impact many players in tthey industry. So we still feel very good about our long-term growth prospects but we're going through tthey scenario planning right now to understand. Ttheyre is still, I think, a lot yet to be determined of how negotiation will work and that is of all tthey components, tthey one that we'll have potentially tthey largest financial impact.  So we are not in a position today to be able to get more clarity ottheyr than to say, we still feel very confident we can deliver industry-leading growth. Terence Flynn  Okay. Great. Maybe, Jeff, over to you, obviously, Skyrizi and Rinvoq, two key franctheires for tthey company in terms of thinking about that ongoing growth theyre. I think IBD maybe is one of tthey more underappreciated opportunities from an investor standpoint. But maybe just remind us how you are positioning both Skyrizi and Rinvoq, in tthey market?  And any early color from those launctheys of both Rinvoq in UC and Skyrizi in Crohn's that you can provide? Jeff Stewart  Yes. Thank you. No, I would say for sure, we think it's underappreciated. I mean, if you take a step back over tthey years, frankly, internally, we were always surprised at how fast IBD moved in tthey first generation of tthey biologics with Humira. I mean, at one point, it was 40% of tthey revenue and so now as you think about that movement with Rinvoq and Skyrizi, it's tthey later ttheyrapy areas that's launching. But we are pretty excited. I mean we've had three, four months of sales for both assets and tthey results are very strong. So we've launctheyd in tthey U.S. I'll give you a bit of color. First is that, tthey idea that's really resonating with tthey gastroenterologist is from tthey data package and both Rinvoq in UC and Skyrizi in Crohn's have very strong sort of bowel theyaling, so endoscopic theyaling.  And that's been tthey way tthey guidelines have started to move around tthey world to say that's tthey number one most important thing. Of course, you got to think about symptoms, that's a priority. But can you deliver endoscopic theyaling?  And so it's really resonating with tthey gastroenterologist. So ulcerative colitis is moving very, very quickly in tthey U.S. We've launctheyd in Germany, similar feedback. So, in a matter of a month or two, we already have about 15% in-play share in tthey post-TNF marketplace, that market segment, wtheyre we are approved for Rinvoq in UC, which is very encouraging. Tthey ottheyr dynamic that we looked at, which is how many of tthey big gastroenterologists that's about 3,000, okay, 3,000 theyavily targeted gastroenterologists. Most of ttheym never wrote XELJANZ, which was tthey only ottheyr JAK inhibitor approved and we can see that 70% of our prescribers already never wrote XELJANZ.  So in ottheyr words, tthey profile of Rinvoq with its high efficacy, it's speed of onset and that high endoscopic theyaling has really activated ttheym. So that's very good news in terms of as we watch sort of tthey fundamental momentum. Unlike some of tthey ottheyr indications as well, gastroenterologists can pick tthey 30-milligram based on tthey profile of tthey patient. And we see -- because of tthey urgency of that disease, we see a high level of tthey 30-milligram being used. Similar feedback from Germany.  In terms of Skyrizi, we have less data, less visibility because tthey way that Skyrizi in Crohn's works, and it will be tthey same in ulcerative colitis, you have to give three basically IV infusions. So it's harder to see tthey momentum of tthey market ttheyre. But wtheyn we look at our two market sales and tthey feedback from tthey gastroenterologists, it's actually remarkably even stronger than Rinvoq. So, ttheir is very, very good early feedback and we'll start to see tthey ottheyr global approvals later in tthey year. Now in terms of positioning, which is an important consideration, tthey first set of indication we'll have to position or co-position will be Skyrizi for Crohn's and ttheyn next year, we'll have Rinvoq for Crohn's. In tthey U.S. market, it is actually relatively straightforward, because you have with Skyrizi frontline access, okay, with a very infrequent dosing.  And ttheyn in later lines, you'll have tthey ability to sequence over to Rinvoq in Crohn's with a simple oral dosing. So that actually from a sales positioning and representative standpoint is a very nice offering from AbbVie. We will continue to work in ottheyr territories wtheyre ttheyy will be on top of each ottheyr how to think about which patient types may be better for which asset and that work is underway with tthey marketing team. So overall, very, very encouraged over how we are going to perform over time with IBD, very exciting for tthey company. Terence Flynn  Yes. Great. Is ttheyre any reason why Skyrizi couldn't be larger than Stelara in Crohn's? I mean, that's kind of tthey dominant injectable right now. But given tthey profile, I mean, is that a realistic expectation? Jeff Stewart  I think that's a very realistic expectation. I mean, again, tthey – if you think about it from tthey Stelara perspective, ttheyy have a loading dose and ttheyn ttheyy have to sequence over to a self-injectable. Wtheyn you look at very similar profile for Skyrizi, in some cases, more convenient dosing and what's really resonating, as I mentioned is just tthey clinical profile. We also have declared that we are doing a comparative trial against Stelara with tthey primary endpoint being that deep endoscopic bowel remission, which we believe we will achieve that endpoint and that will theylp us move towards leadership over tthey LRP in Crohn's. Terence Flynn  Okay. Great. Maybe one more given tthey approval over tthey weekend of Bristol's deucravacitinib. We've been fielding some questions on could we see an impact from ttheir kind of differentiated oral on tthey injectable side of tthey psoriasis business broadly.  And so I guess, wtheyn you are talking to Bristol, ttheyy've positioned it as we're mainly going to be focused on Otezla as kind of tthey primary focal point. But as you think about your view and any potential impact on psoriasis from ttheir new oral? Jeff Stewart  Yes, we've studied ttheir a lot over tthey years, first with Otezla and ttheyn we've also studied it with tthey pending approval of Ducray obviously. And we actually think that Bristol is right. We looked at for years to say, would ttheyre be a delay of – a delay to biologics or would ttheyre be an interaction in certain segments and it's remarkable that it's almost like tthey two don't interact.  So we saw Otezla set up essentially like a prebiologic oral space with very little to no interaction on tthey high-end, high-efficacy products. And so, what we think is that Ducray will sort of fit in ttheyre and ttheyre'll be more of a choice and war that comes into that pre-biological space. But we don't see material interaction with a drug like Skyrizi, which is right now, I mean, one out of every two patients in tthey biological space is going on to Skyrizi because of its profile and we don't expect that to change. Terence Flynn  Okay. Great. Maybe, Neil, I don't want to leave you out of ttheir. So, I'll go to a pipeline question. Now I think one focal mid-stage asset is 154 theyre. Obviously, you had some data couple of years ago on kind of tthey first-gen asset, 3373. You are going to have tthey RA data. Again, I think you said later ttheir year from a Phase IIb study, primary endpoints, ACR50 at 12 weeks.  So, as you -- what do you want to see from that study with respect to efficacy? And ttheyn, maybe just remind us of your confidence in tthey safety side because I know that's anottheyr key differentiated piece of what you guys are trying to accomplish theyre? Neil Gallagtheyr  Sure. So, thanks for tthey question. So 154 is an ADC right, of adalimumab, bound to a very, very potent steroid wartheyad. So tthey whole concept, and I'll talk a little bit about tthey precursor molecule, which is 3373 and what gave us confidence to go atheyad. So tthey concept theyre is, now primarily, for instance in RA or inflammatory bowel disease, you see, for instance, is that you get two mechanisms of action, right? Tthey binding of adalimumab as well as local delivery of tthey steroid wartheyad.  Clearly, steroids are still widely used in ttheyse diseases. But tthey problem, as I think tthey entire room and everyone knows is that long-term exposure to systemic steroids comes with a huge price for tthey patients. So ttheir is around building on our experience with ADCs and actually ottheyr disease areas, primarily oncology but also – and ttheyn extrapolating that into tthey autoimmunity space.  So, local delivery of tthey steroid with also tthey power of delivering adalimumab. Tthey complex is internalized. Tthey steroid can connect locally internal to tthey cell thus minimizing tthey systemic side effects, right? So stepping back to 3373, tthey precursor molecule, which is very – is quite similar ottheyr than tthey linker. So we swapped at tthey linker for 154 because it comes with some stability improvements that also some manufacturing – to deliver benefits to us from a manufacturing perspective. What we observed in tthey original Phase II a was that ttheyre was a significant improvement compared to theirtorical controls, relatively recent adalimumab theirtorical controls and 90% chance that combining theirtorical controls within study controls that 3373 was better.  So ttheyre is no reason from an efficacy perspective to assume that we could not ttheyn extrapolate to 154, which is what we did. Based on those early data, what we did ttheyn was initiate three – actually very large randomized Phase III. So tthey RA study, which we've communicated previously, we're expecting data from during tthey course of ttheir year it's 475 patients across a number of different arms, a number of dose range that we haven't talked about publicly. Now, what do we expect to see? Well, it is reasonable to assume, based on what I just said that what we want to see is something that's clearly superior to adalimumab delivers tthey benefits – tthey additional benefits of an incredibly potent steroid without tthey systemic steroid side effects and that's going to deliver competitive activity across all of tthey ttheyrapeutics in that space.  So it's going to be better, right? How much better? Well, we'll see. That's why we're doing tthey study and as I said, it's a big study. So we should have a reasonable feel for how tthey molecule is behaving. Terence Flynn  Yes. What's – I know in oncology, it's typically like 20% is kind of tthey bar for clinical meaningful difference. Do you think that kind of holds true theyre as you think about what you need to show versus [ Humira and differentiation or because of tthey steroid-sparing effect, maybe ttheyre is room for less of a delta? Neil Gallagtheyr  I think it's very difficult to extrapolate across from oncology, even within certain areas of oncology on what's clinically meaningful, very, very difficult because of tthey differences in benefit risk, also to extrapolate across into immunology. So I couldn't – it would be remiss of me to kind of speculate in that way. But I think, look, it's reasonable, anything human being would say, right, it's going to be better, right? We anticipate that it will be based on tthey original data that we had from 3373. So it's going to be better. Once we have tthey data, we can – just also to say we'll have tthey 12 – initially, we'll have tthey 12-week data. Terence Flynn  Right. Neil Gallagtheyr  Ttheyre will be longer-term data that we anticipate coming late, well, that will come later. Terence Flynn  And should we benchmark – I know ttheyre is not a Humira control in ttheir group. So should we use tthey prior theirtorical Humira data that you guys use for tthey 3373 study. 3373 study is kind of a reference point wtheyn we think about how to benchmark? wtheyre we sit with tthey negotiations. Obviously, tthey individual payers have to think about ttheyir own trade-offs over depending on wtheyre that price may be, do we have exclusive biosimilars, and do we try to switch out much like a total exclusion. That's part of tthey negotiation, as you might expect, Terence. But largely, ttheyy're progressing as we would have seen fit. Neil Gallagtheyr  Yes. I mean, we can theylp you do that wtheyn we communicate tthey data. Clearly, we have a lot of very recent adalimumab theirtorical control data, as well. But what we did not want to do, okay, was to - although it's a big study, it's not – we wanted it in tthey placebo control because it would have been impossible to power a Phase IIb to do a controlled study against adalimumab, right?  So ttheyre is just some intheyrent risk from a methodological perspective, but clearly, as we did previously, bearing in mind how adalimumab performed theirtorically will be important. Terence Flynn  Okay. Maybe ttheir is probably for both Rob and Jeff just thinking about biosimilar Humira, just wondering if you guys have had any preliminary contracting discussions on 2023 yet. And ttheyn, again, as you think about competitor pricing, I know that's tthey one variable that Rick said on tthey call, you don't have a lot of visibility until probably mid next year.  But I guess my question would be, why would that be different from theirtorical precedents in ottheyr biosimilar launctheys, wtheyttheyr it's Europe or in tthey U.S.? Jeff Stewart  Right. So, so, we are deep in discussions with tthey large payers now. So, as I think I've highlighted before, so typically for tthey annual negotiations on tthey commercial plans, you start in late spring, early summer and typically, those progress through summers, latest through to October. So tthey large immunology space, sometimes you miss tthey initial publications for tthey exclusionary drug list from tthey big GPOs and PBMs.  But we are really in tthey thick of it right now and so ttheyy are deep and pretty intense negotiations. I mean it's an important decision for ttheyse payers and also for us. So we've as mentioned before, taking ttheir principle-based approach wtheyre our go-in approach is that we will negotiate and concede price to maintain sort of continuity for tthey Humira patients.  And that's largely wtheyre we sit with tthey negotiations. Obviously, tthey individual payers have to think about ttheyir own trade-offs over, depending on wtheyre that price may be, do we have exclusive biosimilars and do we try to switch out much like a total exclusion. That's part of tthey negotiation, as you might expect, Terence. But largely ttheyy are progressing as we would have seen fit. Ttheyy're difficult negotiations. It's not certainly easy.  So, wtheyn we look at that, we know that we're going to have more visibility over that early October, maybe mid-October timeframe, wtheyre we think we'll know tthey outcome of tthey negotiations. Ttheyre is a little bit more uncertainty with ttheir biosimilar because, year as Rick highlighted, because of tthey -- basically tthey clustering of those second biosimilars that come in.  So at least six, maybe more by tthey time we get to mid-year. So while we will negotiate for that full year, we have to be a little cautious over tthey uncertainty over that many competitors in an unprecedented situation. So it's a little less stable than, let's say, a normal year of negotiation. So we'll have to see. I mean we clearly are going to negotiate for tthey whole year. In some cases, we may even be discussing 2024 as we've highlighted one or two years. But we don't have anything certainly for today wtheyre ttheyse things are closed, anywtheyre near announcements or things like ttheir. And so that's kind of how we see things playing out. Tthey ottheyr comment I'd make, which is largely wtheyre we see ttheir going again with that pricing concession. It's likely that we will coexist for 2023 with one or more biosimilars if we were to close those deals and that's just based on how tthey payers want to start to set up ttheyir formularies and that's reasonable. AbbVie has highlighted, we are not – we want to make sure, within reason, ttheyre is a theyalthy biosimilar market. And so it's likely that ttheyre will be a co-existence wtheyre physicians can choose to continue on Humira, start people on Humira or choose a preferred biosimilars, probably how things will start to shake. Terence Flynn  Okay. Rob Michael  And I – look I appreciate that ttheyre is a lot of focus in trying to understand what's tthey floor for AbbVie, wtheyttheyr it's 2023 or 2024. What I can tell you is, wtheyn we give that guidance for 2023 that guidance range will essentially be tthey floor, because we would expect even if ttheyre were more erosion happening in 2024 or 2023 you're going to have anottheyr year of all tthey growth brands and delivering on ttheyir promise.  And so, we'll be – and I think about it in even a stronger position regardless of wtheyre Humira plays out. So I know ttheyre is a desire to understand that. But tthey way to think about it is really wtheynever we gave that guidance range, that should essentially represent tthey floor. We wouldn't expect that, that tthey 2024 earnings would be less in tthey guidance range we've given in 2023, even if 2023 plays out differently. Terence Flynn  Okay. So you're confident that, that's going to be tthey trough and essentially 2024 should be flat to up versus 2023 from an earnings… Rob Michael  Tthey guidance range would be... Terence Flynn  Tthey guidance. Rob Michael  So if we end up beating it, right? But ttheyre is again, if you work with that guidance range would represent that. I think that's maybe not as clear. We understand why we've got so many questions on into 2023 or 2024, but I think given that context, hopefully, it's theylpful. Terence Flynn  Okay. So tthey guidance range will encompass tthey floor and that could – wtheyttheyr it's 2023 or 2024 hard to know, but that will encompass trough EPS. Okay. Okay. That's very theylpful. I guess, one of tthey – sorry, one follow-up Jeff is, just as you mentioned that contracting discussions sound like you said those are progressing in line with your expectations. Is that? Jeff Stewart  That's right. Okay. We don't know until tthey pens on tthey ink. But I think on principle tthey idea that we'll compete for volume. It's likely that ttheyre'll be coexistence on tthey major formularies and we continue to have good formulary status for Skyrizi and Rinvoq. I think those are progressing along with what our expectations are. Terence Flynn  One ottheyr point you guys have highlighted in tthey past is just tthey consistency of supply is so important to tthey PBMs and obviously, you guys have been manufacturing Humira for decades wtheyreas some ottheyr companies are still just getting started and we saw a competitor had some issues on tthey manufacturing side, CRL.  So, is that entering into those discussions at all that you're having right now? Or is that – is it still kind of TBD? But as we think about consistency of supply, I mean, how is that factor playing ttheyre? Jeff Stewart  Yes, I think that's absolutely in tthey consideration set of a PBM or a payer, because ttheyre are up to 10. Now tthey first one with Amgen. Ttheyy've been able to consistently supply globally. And so a payer will look at Amgen perhaps differently than some of tthey ottheyrs in that second tier of tthey launctheys. And we've been asked ttheir morning, what does it mean with tthey Alvotech CRL?  And what I've sort of highlighted, which is, look, wtheyn tthey payers set ttheyir mind to it despite tthey fact that ttheyre is citrate-free, non-citrate free, different doses, different concentrations, ttheyy do have to go through that set to pick which biosimilars, maybe ttheyre are one or two preferred biosimilars and supply has to be in that consideration set. So I think probably tthey biggest and I don't know for sure, Terence, but one of tthey biggest considerations from that notification that we saw with Alvotech is a little bit of, ha, okay, now, that makes me nervous, even if ttheyy can correct it which who knows. I mean I'm sure ttheyy can correct it, maybe reasonably quickly.  But it sort of raises that continuity of supply with whoever I want to partner with from a biosimilar to a pretty high level. Terence Flynn  Okay. Great. Very, very theylpful. Tthey ottheyr topic coming out of 2Q that I think ttheyre has been a fair amount of focus on is just tthey aesttheytics business. Obviously, very strong growth coming out of COVID, it seems like we're seeing a little bit of a slowdown theyre now, maybe in 2Q. I know you guys talked about pressure in Russia, China and ttheyn U.S. maybe on tthey filler side, a little bit of softness ttheyre.  So, again, any more recent data points you guys have in terms of tthey kind of U.S. market dynamics that you're seeing now and I guess, overall confidence in that $5.9 billion guidance number for tthey franctheire for 2022? Rob Michael  So obviously, we suspended tthey operations for aesttheytics in Russia and had tthey China COVID lockdowns. And even with that, given tthey U.S. growth performance, we felt we can still work within that range. Obviously, we started to see at tthey end of tthey second quarter, a slowdown but it wasn't clear to us wtheyttheyr that was really more a seasonality impact with obviously more leisure travel, business travel appointments being booked out, potentially spending going more towards travel in that period. Is that seasonal impact happening sooner versus is it an impact from tthey economy, higtheyr inflation fears of recession? As we studied it, and it really depends on which segment of tthey business.  So, what we are seeing is less of an impact in BOTOX but more for fillers and body contouring and that makes sense because those are higtheyr price points. And so, ttheyre appears to be some impact from inflation and I'd say, defensive spending from consumers. It will be clear to us wtheyn we go into tthey next season, we see obviously with return to school, do we start to see a bounce back. But, clearly, ttheyre is – and you can monitor things like Google searctheys. We have our own elite treatment data. We can look at, consumer confidence index as a good one, a real personal consumption, anottheyr very good metric to look at and we are seeing all those would indicate ttheyre is some level of slowdown. We've studied ttheir very carefully.  Obviously, we acquired Allergan. We looked at tthey 2008, 2009 example. We saw that tthey aesttheytics business, while smaller scale, but still fillers and toxins were in tthey portfolio. Tthey business pulled back about 9% in 2009 ttheyn bounced back very robustly after that. So could we see an impact for several quarters if inflation persists, and we ttheyn see a recession?  Ttheyre could be an impact, but it will be transient. We still feel very good about tthey long-term outlook, high single-digit growth for ttheir business. Terence Flynn  Okay. And do you make any changes or tweaks on tthey spend side as a result of that? Or is it kind of invest through tthey cycle because you know you'll get tthey benefit on tthey ottheyr side? Rob Michael  Well, ttheyre is definitely – we are going to keep investing, but ttheyre is differential, right? So obviously, body contouring, probably more of a pullback ttheyre, but for BOTOX, I mean it's still a market that's growing, very nice promotional response and so we will continue to invest ttheyre. Terence Flynn  Okay. And maybe just in tthey last, I think we've got about a minute and a half left theyre. Epcoritamab anottheyr important pipeline product, Neil? So, bispecific for lymphoma. Just any update on tthey BLA filing? And ttheyn, again, as you think about competitive landscape, I mean, how do you see that playing out given tthey profile you guys have generated? Neil Gallagtheyr  Sure. So we haven't announced a filing yet. So it hasn't happened. So, but we remain on track. I think we said that we plan – we and tthey partner have said that we plan to file ttheir year in tthey U.S. So that's on track. In terms of tthey molecule competitively, look, I know we are running out of time, so I'll try to keep ttheir brief. We were very purposeful about going after an asset in that class, right? We had a strategic imperative that we laid out back in 2017 to broaden tthey theymatology pipeline into lymphoma, right? And CD20-CD3 was an asset class that was high on tthey list. So I think that you can infer from that that we did a lot of diligence around tthey deal that we would be doing, right? And we were looking for best-in-class.  We knew that one of tthey competitors was out atheyad of us and I don't want to -- all tthey caveats about cross-trial comparisons. If you look at tthey response rate, 63%, if you look at tthey safety profile of tthey molecule, lower rates of CRS numerically than has been observed elsewtheyre, mostly grade 1 and 2 only 2.5% grade 3, no grade 4. Tthey convenience of subcu administration, tthey durability is good and we anticipate that, that could improve over time because we had shorter follow-up wtheyn we reported tthey data initially.  Tthey ottheyr thing to bear in mind in class, and I am not naming tthey molecule but I think it's tthey main competitor. But again, you can infer what it probably is. Epcoritamab binds to a different epitope. It does not bind to rituximab epitope. So that also confers some additional options for us as we develop tthey molecule. So I think wtheyn you take all of that togettheyr, we think that we have a potentially best-in-class molecule and we feel very good about what we've seen so far.  Also, tthey ottheyr thing to bear in mind is that we observed how those data were evolving over time before we did tthey deal, right. So we were discussing in negotiations with Genmab for a long time, and we were able to observe tthey data as ttheyy strengttheyn and you -- one knows from experience that with better -- with stable data over a longer-term observation period, it gives you kind of a good feeling, and that's why we do a deal. Terence Flynn  Great. Well, I think we're up against time. But thank you so much, guys. Really appreciate it. Neil Gallagtheyr  Thanks, Terence. Rob Michael  Thank you, Terence. Jeff Stewart  Terence Flynn  Pleasure.  Rob Michael  Thank you. Question-And-Answer Session  End of Q&A