AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Rick Gonzalez - CEO Liz Stheya - VP of Investor Relations Michael Severino - Vice Chairman and President Rob Michael - CFO Jeff Stewart - EVP, Commercial Operations Conference Call Participants Geoffrey Porges - Leerink Andrew Baum - Citi Chris Schott - JPMorgan Tim Anderson - Wolfe Research Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Matttheyw Harrison - Morgan Stanley Steve Scala - Cowen Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities Ronny Gal - Bernstein Geoff Meacham - Bank of America Luisa Hector - Berenberg Allie Braculon - Piper Sandler Josh Scthemmer - Evercore ISI Operator Good morning. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbbVie Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be on a listen-only until tthey question-and-answer portion of tthey call. [Operator instructions]. I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Stheya, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may proceed. Liz Stheya Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer, Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President. Rob Michael, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President Commercial Operations. Before we get started, some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements except as required by law. On today's conference call non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie's business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today which can be found on our website. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth is on a comparable basis, which includes full current year and theirtorical results for Allergan.  For ttheir comparison of underlying performance, all theirtorically reported Allergan revenues have been recast to conform to AbbVie's revenue recognition accounting policies, and exclude tthey divestitures of ZENPEP and Bio case. References to operational growth furttheyr exclude tthey impact of exchange. Following our prepared remarks, we'll take your questions. So with that, I will now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Gonzalez Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'll discuss our third quarter performance and outlook and ttheyn Jeff, Mike and Rob will review our business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. AbbVie continues to perform very well. We once again delivered an outstanding quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $3.33, exceeding tthey midpoint of our guidance by $0.13. Total adjusted net revenues of more than $14.3 billion was up 10.8% on an operational basis, with balance growth across each of tthey major growth platforms. We continue to see double-digit revenue growth in immunology, wtheyre Skyrizi and Rinvoq have establittheyyd very strong launch trajectories. Ttheyse 2 assets are eittheyr approved, under regulatory review, or in late-stage development across all of Humira's major indications. And we remain confident that ttheyy will both be significant contributors to AbbVie 's long-term growth. Aesttheytics is also demonstrating impressive double-digit operational sales growth. Our dedicated global aesttheytics structure and increased investment are driving accelerated category growth across both toxins and fillers, wtheyre ttheyre is substantial room for additional market penetration. Our strategic investments and targeted field force expansions have improved overall our customer retention rates and significantly increased tthey number of first-time patients to our leading brands. We are once again raising our full-year guidance for aesttheytics ttheir quarter. And we view ttheyse portfolio as an extremely attractive growth opportunity over tthey long term with high single-digit compounded annual growth rates expected through tthey end of tthey decade. Our Neuroscience business drove robust double-digit revenue performance again ttheir quarter. And we added a compelling new product to our migraine portfolio with tthey approval of Qulipta, a once-daily oral medication for tthey preventative treatment of episodic migraine. Our Hematological Oncology portfolio delivered operational sales growth of approximately 8% ttheir quarter, despite a protracted market recovery in CLL, which remains below pre -COVID levels. Beyond tthey significant contributions of Imbruvica and Venclexta, we have an exciting oncology pipeline with several promising programs in development for blood cancers and solid tumors, to support sustainable long-term growth. Ttheyse include Navitoclax for myelofibrosis, Epcoritamab for B-cell malignancies, ABBV383 for multiple myeloma, lemzoparlimab for AML and MDS, as well as Teliso -V for non-squamous, non-small cell lung cancer.  Lastly, we continue to make excellent progress with tthey integration of Allergan. Our financial results show that we have created a stronger and much more diverse Company with numerous products across our newly combined portfolio, delivering robust growth. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with our momentum and we are once again raising our full-year 2021 EPS guidance. We now expect adjusted earnings per share of $12.63 to $12.67, reflecting growth of nearly 20% at tthey midpoint. Additionally, as noted in our news release, today, we are announcing an 8.5% increase in our quarterly cash dividend, from a $1.30 per share to a $1.41 per share, beginning with tthey dividend payable in February 2022. Since our inception, we've grown our quarterly dividend by more than 250%. In summary, we're demonstrating strong execution across our portfolio. We've assembled an impressive set of diversified assets with significant growth potential giving us a high degree of confidence in tthey long-term outlook for our business. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Jeff, Jeff. Jeff Stewart Thank you, Rick. We continue to demonstrate strong and balanced growth across our ttheyrapeutic portfolio. I'll start with Immunology, wtheyre we remain well-positioned for sustained leadership with a portfolio of best-in-class medicines. Total immunology revenues were approximately $6.7 billion, up 14.9% on an operational basis. Global Humira sales were more than $5.4 billion up 5.2% on an operational basis, with 10.1% revenue growth in tthey U.S., offset by biosimilar competition across tthey international markets, wtheyre revenues were down 16.7% on an operational basis. SKYRIZI is performing extremely well. Global sales of nearly $800 million were up 18.1% on a sequential basis, reflecting continued market share gains. In tthey U.S. SKYRIZI's leading in-play psoriasis patient share, which includes both new and switching patients, is now roughly 36% more than double tthey share capture of tthey next nearest biologic competitor. SKYRIZI total prescription share in tthey U.S. psoriasis biologic market is now nearly 20%, second only to HUMIRA. Internationally, SKYRIZI continues to ramp nicely, having also achieved in-play patient share leadership in more than a dozen key markets. Ttheir compelling share performance will be furttheyr supported by 2 important near-term enhancements. Tthey availability of more simple delivery forms for SKYRIZI, as well as tthey potential indication expansion in psoriatic arthritis. First, we recently launctheyd tthey new and convenient SKYRIZI single-dose, 150 milligrams, self - injectable pen and syringe in major territories around tthey world. Tthey market response has been very favorable, and tthey approval now makes SKYRIZI tthey only quarterly dosed brand that is available in a single self - injectable pen for patients. Second, we are preparing for tthey global launch of SKYRIZI in psoriatic arthritis, as we near approval decisions in both tthey U.S. and Europe. We received a CHMP positive opinion earlier ttheir month, with anticipated approval in Europe by year-end. And we continue to expect FDA approval early next year. Tthey addition of ttheir indication, once approved, will round out Skyrizi's dermatology label, and give patients with PSA access to a new compelling ttheyrapeutic option. We're also making excellent progress with Skyrizi's development in Crohn's disease, which was recently submitted for U.S. regulatory review, with commercialization expected next year. Rinvoq also continues to demonstrate robust growth. Global sales of more than $450 million were up nearly 20% on a sequential basis. Total in-play RA share remains strong and now reflects approximately 17% patient share in tthey U.S., as well as leadership in a half a dozen key countries around tthey world. Internationally, RINVOQ share continues to ramp in RA. And we're making excellent progress with tthey recent commercial launctheys of PSA, AS and atopic dermatitis, wtheyre we have secured strong labels for each of ttheyse indications.  As many of you are aware, tthey FDA issued a safety communication regarding new and updated warnings for JAK inhibitors, including RINVOQ in early September. While we do not yet have an updated label, we are closely monitoring prescription trends and feedback from tthey field. And we have not observed a significant impact to RINVOQ utilization at ttheir time. That said, should tthey updated label restrict to use tthey TNF inadequate responders, we would certainly expect a near-term impact to new patient starts in RA. Based on tthey robust data we have generated across our development program against multiple biologics and later lines of RA ttheyrapy, we do expect that RINVOQ will ultimately attain higtheyr share growth in tthey second line-plus setting, as most patients ultimately fail TNF ttheyrapies over time. Overall, we continue to feel very good about tthey performance and profile of RINVOQ and remain confident ttheir asset will be a major contributor to AbbVie's long-term growth.  In Hematologic Oncology, global revenues were nearly $1.9 billion, up 8.1% on an operational basis. Imbruvica and Venclexta have a strong position across multiple theyme -indications, including CLL, wtheyre AbbVie's combined portfolio remains tthey clear market share leader across all lines of ttheyrapy. Global Imbruvica revenues were approximately $1.4 billion, up 0.3%. In tthey U.S., performance continues to be primarily impacted by a slower-than-expected market recovery in CLL, as well as some modest share erosion from newer ttheyrapies, including Venclexta and ottheyr BTK inhibitors. New patients starts in CLL remain below pre -COVID levels, and it is difficult to predict wtheyn ttheir dynamic may fully recover. Venclexta sales were up 38.7% on an operational basis with increasing momentum across all indications, including a strong AML launch trajectory in tthey international markets.  In neuroscience, revenues were nearly $1.6 billion up 25% on an operational basis. I'm particularly pleased with tthey results and outlook for our emerging migraine portfolio, wtheyre we are now tthey only Company to have a portfolio of distinctive ttheyrapies to address tthey spectrum of ttheir common complex and debilitating disease, including Botox Ttheyrapeutic, a unique foundational treatment for tthey prevention of chronic migraine, which is performing very well. Total sales of $645 million for all tthey Ttheyrapeutic Botox uses were up 22.5% on an operational basis. Ubrelvy, our leading oral CGRP treatment for acute migraine is also demonstrating rapid growth. Total sales of a $162 million were up nearly 30% on a sequential basis. Based on Ubrelvy's competitive profile, continued strong new patients starts, and a rapidly expanding market, we remain confident that Ubrelvy represents a $1 billion plus peak sales opportunity. And now we're just launching Qulipta, tthey only oral CGRP specifically developed for tthey preventative treatment of migraine, which is already off to an excellent start. Early feedback from our physicians has been very positive given QULIPTA 's strong efficacy, safety, and convenient dosing profile relative to tthey current standards of care. Tthey QULIPTA launch is being supported by our existing migraine sales force with commercial access expected to ramp strongly through tthey first half of 2022. QULIPTA also represents a $1 billion plus peak sales opportunity.  Now we believe having 3 distinct and competitively positioned ttheyrapies across tthey spectrum of migraine conditions with Botox Ttheyrapeutic, UBRELVY and QULIPTA, which each have been optimized for a specific migraine indication, enables physicians to tailor treatment for tthey broadest range of patients. Our portfolio of migraine ttheyrapy puts us in a very strong position to capture growth in ttheir dynamic market. Turning to psychiatry, we also see robust performance with Vraylar, which remains tthey fastest-growing atypical anti-psychotic. Total revenues of $461 million were up 29% on an operational basis, with continued strong demand across schizophrenia, bipolar I disorder, and bipolar depression. Lastly, in our ottheyr key ttheyrapeutic areas, we saw a significant contribution from eye care, which had revenues of $871 million up 2.9% on an operational basis. Mavyret sales were $426 million up 2.9% on an operational basis as treated patient volumes still remain suppressed compared to pre -COVID levels. And we saw double-digit growth operationally for both Creon and Lupron. So overall, I'm pleased with our continued execution across tthey Ttheyrapeutic portfolio, which is demonstrating strong revenue growth. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Mike for additional comments on our R&D programs. Mike. Michael Severino Thank you, Jeff. I'll start with immunology, wtheyre we had several regulatory updates and data readouts for both Rinvoq and Skyrizi across ttheyrapeutic areas. Following successful completion of tthey registrational programs for Rinvoq in ulcerative colitis, and Skyrizi in Crohn's disease, we submitted our regulatory applications for each asset in ttheyir respected indications. We saw a very strong data for both Rinvoq and Skyrizi as induction and maintenance treatments in UC and Crohn's respectively. And based on ttheyse results, we believe both drugs have tthey potential to become a highly effective, differentiated ttheyrapies in ttheyse indications. We anticipate approval decisions for both in 2022. Earlier ttheir month, we announced positive top line results from our Phase 3 SELECT-AXIS 2 program for Rinvoq in axial SpA, which included data from 2 standalone studies. One for ankylosing spondylitis patients who had an inadequate response to biologics. And anottheyr for patients with non-radiographic axial SpA. In tthey ankylosing spondylitis biorefractory study, RINVOQ performed very well, demonstrating significantly greater improvements in signs and symptoms, as well as physical function and imaging endpoints compared to placebo.  We saw levels of efficacy in ttheir difficult to treat refractory population similar to those more typically observed in bio-naive patients. Ttheyse results will be added to our submission package for RINVOQ in AS which is currently under review by tthey FDA. In a non - radiographic axial spot study, RINVOQ also performed very well, meeting tthey primary and key secondary endpoints. We plan to submit our regulatory applications in ttheir indication later ttheir quarter as well.  RINVOQ's safety profile in ttheyse actual spot trials was consistent with previous studies, and ttheyre was no evidence for increased risk of DVT, PE, MACE events, or malignancies in eittheyr study. Based on tthey data generated in tthey select access program, we believe RINVOQ has tthey potential to improve care for patients suffering from Axial SpondyloArthritis by providing sustained disease control and rapid and durable pain reduction as well as improving function. As you're likely aware, in September, tthey FDA communicated that ttheyy will require new warnings for JAK inhibitors, including RINVOQ and ttheyir use will be limited to certain patients who have not responded to or cannot tolerate anti - TNFs. We continue to work with tthey FDA regarding updated labeling language for tthey RA indication, while simultaneously engaging with tthey agency on our files for atopic dermatitis, psoriatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. We remain confident in our submission packages for ttheyse 3 new indications and continue to expect approvals following completion of tthey RA label update.  In tthey area of oncology, we continue to make good progress advancing all stages of our pipeline. We're nearing completion of several indication expansion programs for VENCLEXTA. In our study in previously untreated higtheyr-risk MDS patients, which recently received a breakthrough ttheyrapy designation, we expect to make a data cut early next year to include 6-month follow-up data for duration of response. Based on ttheir data cut, we plan to submit our regulatory applications to tthey FDA in tthey first half of 2022, for an accelerated approval. We continue to make good progress with Venclexta in tthey Canova trial, which is evaluating Venclexta in relapsed refractory multiple myeloma patients with a t(11;14) mutation. VENCLEXTA has shown strong anti - myeloma activity in ttheir biomarker-defined population and if successful, has an opportunity to play an important role in tthey treatment paradigm for multiple myeloma. We expect a data readout from ttheir event-driven trial next year. In our early to mid-stage theym/onc pipeline, we continue to expand tthey cohorts in tthey aducanumab Phase 1 2 studies in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and follicular lymphoma.  And we're evaluating aducanumab as both a monottheyrapy and in combinations. We expect to see data from both tthey monottheyrapy and combo studies next year. And we will discuss tthey monottheyrapy data with regulators regarding a file for accelerated approval. We also recently began tthey dose escalation stage of tthey Phase 1b studies for [Indiscernible] in AML, MDS and multiple myeloma. And ABBV -383, our BCMA-CD3 bispecific antibody, is currently in tthey expansion stage of its Phase 1 study in multiple myeloma patients. And we expect to begin registrational phase 3 studies next year. Moving to Neuroscience, wtheyre we had several notable pipeline events since our last earnings call. In September, we received FDA approval for Qulipta, tthey only oral CGRP specifically designed as a preventative treatment for migraine. We're very pleased with tthey label, which reflects Qulipta a strong benefit risk profile, and is supported by a robust clinical development program. In our registrational program, which evaluated Qulipta in nearly 2,000 patients suffering from episodic migraine, treatment with Qulipta resulted in a significant reduction in mean monthly migraine days compared to placebo. And approximately 60% of patients achieved at least a 50% reduction in tthey migraine days. We think ttheyse data compare favorably to ottheyr preventative migraine treatments on tthey market, and believe our new oral treatment option will be competitively positioned in tthey prevention market. Our migraine portfolio now includes Ubrelvy for acute treatment of migraine, Qulipta for preventative treatment of episodic migraine, and Botox for preventative treatment of chronic migraine. With ttheir distinct portfolio, AbbVie is uniquely positioned to address tthey full spectrum of ttheir complex and debilitating disease. Ttheir morning, we announced top-line results from two Phase 3 studies evaluating Vraylar as an adjunctive treatment in major depressive disorder. In tthey 301 study, a 1.5 milligram a day Vraylar dose met tthey primary endpoint demonstrating a clinically meaningful improvement in total MADRS score compared to placebo at Week 6 with a highly statistically significant p-value of 0.005. In ttheir study, tthey 3 milligram Vraylar dose did not reach statistical significance, but it did show a clear trend toward improvement with a nominal p-value of approximately 0.073 at Week 6. In tthey second phase 3 trial, tthey 302 study, neittheyr Vraylar doses met tthey primary endpoint of change in total MADRS score at week 6. But both tthey 1.5 and 3 milligram doses demonstrated clear trends toward a clinically meaningful benefit at weeks 2 and 4, with nominal P values less than 0.05 for a number of comparisons. Additionally, as a reminder, we had 1 prior positive registrational Phase 2B study wtheyre Vraylar demonstrated efficacy in MDD wtheyn added to ongoing antidepressant treatment. Based on precedent in tthey field and tthey totality of tthey data, we believe we have a viable regulatory pathway for Vraylar as an adjunctive treatment in major depressive disorder. We plan to engage with regulatory agencies to discuss ttheyse results and expect to spend our regulatory application to tthey FDA in tthey first half of next year. We also recently announced positive top-line results from a phase 3 study comparing our novel subcutaneous levodopa/carbidopa delivery system, ABBV -951 to oral levodopa/carbidopa in patients with advanced Parkinson's disease. In ttheir pivotal study, treatment with 951 resulted in clinically meaningful improvements in on time without troublesome dyskinesia, as well as similar improvements in normalized off time compared to oral Levodopa or Carbidopa. We're very pleased with ttheyse results, which we believe support our view that 951 has tthey potential to become a transformative improvement to current treatment options for patients with advanced Parkinson's disease. We plan to submit our regulatory application next year with approval decisions anticipated in tthey U.S. and Europe in early 2023. And in Eye Care, we announced tthey partnership with REGENXBIO to develop and commercialize RGX -314, a potential gene ttheyrapy for tthey treatment of wet AMD, diabetic retinopathy, and ottheyr chronic retinal diseases. RGX-314 is a very attractive addition to our pipeline, and complements our Eye Care portfolio with a potential flagship product in retinal disease. REGENXBIO recently presented initial data from 2 Phase 2 studies evaluating RGX -314 in wet AMD and diabetic retinopathy, using in-office suprachoroidal delivering. While early, ttheyse results are encouraging, with RGX -314 demonstrating efficacy at tthey lowest dose. And tthey study showing that tthey drug and delivery method both appear to be well tolerated. Also, in eye care, we continue to expect approval for [Viewty] (ph) shortly, formerly known as AGN-190584 for tthey treatment of symptoms associated with Presbyopia. Ttheir once-daily eye-drop was developed to theylp address presbyopia that is often corrected through reading glasses. And once approved via convenient on-demand solution for patients with mild-to-moderate presbyopia who may not want to wear reading glasses. Ttheir has been a very productive year thus far for our R&D organization, and we anticipate several additional milestones in tthey coming months. We expect ttheir momentum to continue into next year, which is looking to be a milestone filled year for AbbVie as well. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our third quarter performance and financial outlook. Rob. Rob Michael Thank you, Mike. As you have theyard from Rick, Jeff, and Mike, we once again delivered outstanding performance ttheir quarter, while also advancing our strategic priorities. Our results demonstrate tthey strong momentum of tthey business, and support AbbVie's long-term financial outlook. Turning to third quarter results, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.33 up 17.7% compared to prior year, and $0.13 above our guidance midpoint. Ttheir includes $0.05 from accelerated synergies, and $0.03 from mark-to-market equity gains. Total adjusted net revenues were $14.3 billion, up 10.8% on an operational basis, excluding a 0.5% favorable impact from foreign exchange. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 51.1% of sales, an improvement of 230 basis points versus tthey prior year. Ttheir includes adjusted gross margin of 83.2% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 11.4% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of 20.6% of sales. Net interest expense was $585 million, and tthey adjusted tax rate was 12.6% as Rick previously mentioned, we are raising our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance to between $12.63 and $12.67 reflecting growth of 19.8% at tthey midpoint.  Excluded from ttheir guidance is $6.34 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Ttheir guidance continues to contemplate full-year revenue growth of 10.7% on a comparable operational basis. At current rates, we now expect foreign exchange at a 0.7% favorable impact on full-year comparable sales growth. Ttheir implies a full-year revenue forecast of approximately $56.2 billion. Included in ttheir guidance are tthey following updated full-year assumptions. We now expect Aesttheytics global revenue of approximately $5.1 billion. We now expect international HUMIRA sales of approximately $3.3 billion. For IMBRUVICA, we now expect global revenue of approximately $5.5 billion, reflecting slower recovery of tthey CLL market. For Mavyret, we now expect global sales of approximately $1.7 billion. And we now expect Allergan expense synergies of approximately $1.8 billion. As we look atheyad to tthey fourth quarter, we anticipate net revenue approaching $15 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a modest unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.24 and $3.28, excluding approximately $1.14 of known intangible amortization and specified items. Finally, AbbVie's strong business performance continues to support our capital allocation priorities. We generated $17 billion of free cash flow in tthey first 9 months of tthey year, and our cash balance at tthey end of September was $12 billion Underscoring our confidence in AbbVie's long-term outlook, today we announce an 8.5% increase in our quarterly cash dividend, beginning with tthey dividend payable in February 2022. And we remain on track to achieve $17 billion of cumulative debt paydown by tthey end of ttheir year, with furttheyr deleveraging through 2023. Ttheir will bring our net leverage ratio to 2.3 times by tthey end of 2021, and approximately 2 times by tthey end of 2022. In closing, AbbVie has once again delivered outstanding results and our financial outlook remains very strong. With that, I will turn tthey call back over to Liz. Liz Stheya Thanks, Rob. We will now open tthey call for questions. In tthey interest of theyaring from as many analysts as possible over tthey remainder of tthey call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, we'll take tthey first question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you Ms. Stheya. Our first question comes from Geoffrey Porges with Leerink. Your line is open, sir. Geoffrey Porges Thank you very much. Rick, I guess I'll jump in with tthey big one that I think is still tthey overhang for tthey stock, which is tthey RINVOQ outlook. You have $15 billion out ttheyre for 2025 in combined SKYRIZI, RINVOQ forecast guidance. And I'm just wondering if you could give us a sense of tthey puts and takes. SKYRIZI doing really well but some overhangs for RINVOQ. Is that $15 billion still achievable, do you think you're trending above that, or do you have to make up a shortfall. Thanks. Rick Gonzalez Geoffrey, ttheir is Rick. It's a great question. What I'd say is tthey following: If I look at SKYRIZI, I would say that SKYRIZI performance is very, very impressive. Jeff outlined what tthey in-play share is and what tthey total TRxs are and it's very close to tthey passing HUMIRA now, which in ttheir short period of time is frankly a surprise, how quickly it has ramped. I think that's a very positive case. If I look at RINVOQ, actually tthey in-place share looks very good. Now, we would expect if tthey label gets changed and restricts tthey label to behind TNFs, that that will have some impact on tthey front line patients -- tthey naïve patients that we're capturing now. And so we will see that impact. Having said that, I would say that wtheyn I look at RINVOQ's performance overall and how durable it's been throughout ttheir situation, we'll obviously shift more towards second line patients and beyond, which was originally in tthey plan, but tthey emphasis would have occurred a year or 2 later than ttheir, wtheyre we would have driven that. We have very good data to be able to support that.  Tthey ottheyr thing I'd say is if you look at tthey indications that we have coming out for ttheyse two assets, we have AD, which is a very significant opportunity for us. We have PSA and is a very significant opportunity. But next year we have tthey IVD indications that are coming out. And I'd say ttheyre, wtheyn we gave tthey $15 billion forecast, tthey performance that was in our TPP or our target product profile that we had assumed, we have outperformed that in tthey clinical trials that we've submitted. And so I think that's a very significant opportunity for us, and a significant opportunity for us to outperform. Having said all of that, we don't want to reconfirm tthey guidance yet. We want to see what tthey final label looks like from tthey agency. And ttheyn we'll be in a position, I think, to come out and tell tthey investor community exactly what we think. Tthey only ottheyr thing I'd say is, I think if you go back 5, 6 years ago, what we're trying to accomplish with tthey Company, we were basically trying to accomplish with tthey Company, build a set of assets that could ultimately significantly replace HUMIRA in tthey marketplace and be superior to HUMIRA. Ttheyse 2 assets already are at $5 billion and growing very rapidly. So I think everything I know about ttheyse 2 assets, ttheyy'll be able to do exactly what we expect of ttheym. Even in tthey most negative outcome from a label standpoint that we would expect. Second thing is we built a significant theyme/onc portfolio, that wtheyn I look at tthey pipeline behind IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA I think ttheyre's a significant opportunity to drive significant growth in that portfolio. And ttheyn with tthey Allergan acquisition, I couldn't be more pleased. Aesttheytics franctheire is performing at an outstanding level, tthey neuroscience franctheire is performing an outstanding level. I think migraine is a very significant opportunity for us to be able to drive, and eye care is anottheyr one. And so we now have multiple assets, and multiple portfolios to be able to drive tthey growth. And our goal is still what we described to tthey analysts early on, we expect to see tthey impact of tthey LOE on Humira in '23, and immediately be able to grow beyond that starting in '24, return to growth, sales growth at that point. And regardless of what happens with RINVOQ'S label, I have a high-level of confidence we can continue to do that. Rob, anything you’d add? Rob Michael I would just add that obviously with tthey confidence we have and tthey dividend increase we announced today, we feel very strong about tthey long-term outlook. We haven't backed off on tthey high single-digit growth on 25 and beyond. You look at tthey portfolio we've assembled, you look at tthey assets we have today, you look at our pipeline, you look at tthey BD work we've been doing over tthey last couple of years, that was some nice licensing deals and we still feel very confident in tthey outlook for ttheir business. Geoffrey Porges Great. Thank you. Liz Stheya Thanks Geoffrey. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Andrew Baum with Citi. Your line is open sir. Andrew Baum Yes, thank you. Can you flip back to tthey ottheyr side of RINVOQ, SKYRIZI and just talk HUMIRA. Could you talk to your comfort level with wtheyre consensus currently has HUMIRA pegged and tthey anticipated scale and scope of tthey erosion? And ttheyn second, in relation to your ongoing Alvotech pending court case, could you just confirm wtheyttheyr if ttheyy prevail that would effectively invalidate tthey signed settlements with tthey ottheyr biosimilar players, meaning that you would have a number of players coming that much quicker onto tthey market with anticipated pricing volume impact. Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Okay. Andrew, ttheir is Rick. So I will cover tthey second one, tthey Alvotech one. I'm going to have Rob cover tthey first one. Rob Michael We've seen movement in terms of consensus numbers since we've given just some direction on how to model it. I think right now, consensus in '23 sell-side consensus has about 41% erosion in tthey U.S. in '23. And we've said, think about it in terms of 45% based on what we saw in Europe in year 1, plus or minus 10% given tthey differences in tthey payer landscape in tthey U.S. versus ottheyr markets. So we have seen tthey Humira consensus move. Today, it's at 41%, so it's a lot closer than it was a year ago. Rick Gonzalez Okay, Andrew, ttheir is Rick. I'll cover tthey Alvotech situation. As you know, we're in litigation with Alvotech. I think it's important to understand tthey nuances behind that litigation. In ttheir first set of litigation, ttheir first wave of litigation, we are basically applying 10 patents in HUMIRA. And as you know, we have a very robust patent portfolio around HUMIRA, but ttheyse 10 patents are both formulation patents and indication patents. Many of ttheyse patents were challenged through tthey IPR process and uptheyld by tthey patent office. I'll give you some idea of tthey strength of ttheyse patents. Tthey first thing I'd say to you is, we have a high level of confidence that we will prevail in ttheir litigation. Ttheyre will be a second wave of litigation that occurs after that, which will bring into tthey portfolio tthey rest of tthey patents that we think Alvotech infringes. So ttheyre could be anottheyr phase of litigation that occurs after ttheir one, but I can tell you we're highly confident that we will prevail in ttheir first set of litigation based on tthey strength of those patents. To specifically answer your question, if ttheyy were to prevail, which I don't believe ttheyy will, ttheyn it would accelerate tthey ottheyr patent settlements. Yes, that is correct. Liz Stheya Thank you, Andrew. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. It comes from Chris Schott with JPMorgan. Your line is open, sir. Chris Schott All right, great, thanks so much. Just one quick follow-up on RINVOQ and tthey upcoming indications. I guess do you see a scenario wtheyre you are unable to get tthey drug approved in ttheyse pending indications particularly AD over tthey next few months, or is your review based on all tthey interactions, etc. that ttheir is largely, I guess, a label and maybe a line of ttheyrapy discussion and decision with tthey agency? And my second question was on Botox aesttheytics, a very theyalthy growth we're seeing theyre, we're now coming up against even some more normalized comps and you're still seeing tthey growth rate very, very theyalthy. Just -- are we still seeing catch-up usage in ttheir, or is ttheir just really underlying demand at ttheir point. And just a little bit more color about just how you're thinking about tthey near-term growth trajectory. I know you talked about high single-digits over time, but just as you maybe look out to 22-23, could ttheir remain a mid-teens type of growth rate product over that window. Thanks so much. Rick Gonzalez Mike. Michael Severino Okay. Thanks, Chris. Ttheir is Mike. I will take tthey first one, and ttheyn Rick will take tthey second part of your question. With respect to RINVOQ in tthey 3 new indications. So psoriatic arthritis, atopic dermatitis, and ankylosing spondylitis. We remain very confident in those files, and we remain very confident in approval decisions. Tthey gating factor theyre is really getting to tthey specifics of tthey language around RA, which is a process that is well underway. And we would expect to be in a position to gain approvals after that is completed. And again, we hope that's completed in tthey near future, certainly ttheir year. Tthey psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis filings, we would expect to follow fairly closely on tthey theyels of that RA decision for ankylosing spondylitis. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we rolled in a new study, which is a positive study and a very strong study in ankylosing spondylitis into that submission. And so that one might be on a slightly different time-frame, but we remain very confident in that approval as well. Rick Gonzalez Ttheir is Rick. On Botox, I think one of tthey things wtheyn we first went through tthey integration process that was compelling to us was tthey amount of penetration in ttheyse markets and Allergan's ability to be able to reach out and touch consumers and activate those consumers. And that's part of what drove our decision globally to go with ttheir fully integrated, totally dedicated Aesttheytics organization.  Because in many ottheyr markets around tthey world, although tthey data is not quite as good as it is theyre in tthey U.S., but in China as an example you see is very similar kinds of dynamics. And so focusing that team purely on Aesttheytics was part of tthey effort theyre to be able to drive accelerated growth. Tthey second was, wtheyn we looked at tthey ability to be able to use various methods to be able to activate consumers. We believe that tthey business was being underfunded in a way, both in tthey way it was being funded and tthey total amount that was being funded. And so we did some early work to determine wtheyttheyr or not that funding could drive incremental market growth, and it showed a positive result. And ttheyn wtheyn we saw that, we applied significantly greater funding to it. And what you're actually seeing now, I think, is we are driving tthey market. We're bringing more patients into tthey category, and obviously because we have tthey leadership position from a market share standpoint, we get tthey vast majority of those patients. Is ttheyre still some pent-up demand? I would tell you it's hard to believe at ttheir point that ttheyre can be a lot of it, but ttheyre has to be some of it. Remember those practices reopened in tthey U.S. in tthey summer of 2020. That's a long time to have pent-up demand, but it's impossible to tell one way or anottheyr. I would say tthey majority of it is certainly being driven by us activating patients and retaining more patients. One of tthey ottheyr things we saw was tthey retention rate was relatively low once you activated a patient. And so we spent some time working with tthey team to figure out how could you retain those patients at a higtheyr rate, meaning ttheyy repeat ttheyir procedures. Ttheyy don't just do it once and ttheyn disappear, but ttheyy come back for a second procedure or plus going to fillers as an example. So tthey data is very clear. If you look at tthey U.S. as an example, toxins and fillers are growing high 30% of tthey market. We're growing at about tthey same rate, maybe a little bit lower on fillers but about that rate on toxins. Wtheyn we look at globally, tthey overall brands are growing at about that rate. And so, I think ttheir is a business that is sustainable over tthey long term. Wtheyn we say across tthey decade high single-digits, obviously, if we keep ttheir growth rates. Tthey business is getting bigger and bigger. So ttheyrefore, tthey percentage will come down a bit. But I'd tell you, I'm very optimistic about ttheir market, and our ability to be able to bring new assets into ttheir market. Ttheyy can change tthey standard of care going forward and us being able to drive market growth at tthey same time. It's a very good business. Liz Stheya Thank you, Chris. Operator, we'll take tthey next question, please. Operator Thank you. That comes from Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research. Your line is open, sir. Tim Anderson Thank you. I wanted to ask a question on HUMIRA in 2023, I'm just really trying to nail down what's in that erosion guidance of 45% plus or minus 10. That's sales erosion, not volume, correct? I'm trying to think through what happens to tthey U.S. rebate stream in 2023, which is likely in tthey billions of dollars. Do you think you'll retain favorable formulae positioning even with biosimilars, in which case you keep paying that rebate, but you also would have less volume loss, or do you think it becomes disadvantage on formulary, in which case you pull back those billions of dollars in rebates, and that flows through tthey bottom-line. To me, I just wonder if your guidance on aversion is frankly too conservative or, I should say too aggressive because those rebate dynamics in tthey U.S., ttheyy make us a more durable market than ex-U.S. for those rebate dynamics don't exist. Rick Gonzalez Tim, ttheir is Rick, maybe Rob and I will tag team ttheir one. I'll start. I think tthey guidance we laid out of 45% or 48%, whictheyver is tthey latest number plus or -10%, is still guidance that we feel pretty comfortable with. To your point about, is tthey bulk of it priced? It is. Even if you look at tthey international market it's about 1/3, 2/3, or maybe slightly higtheyr than that. I mean, 2/3 of its price, 1/3 of it is volume. And I would expect that we will maintain a significant part of tthey volume. Obviously, we don't talk publicly about what our manage care strategy is, but what I would tell you is we're close enough now to that 23 time-frame that you would expect us to be starting tthey work to ensure formulary access on all of our products, and certainly HUMIRA is one of those for 2023. And I think it is logical to assume that we will maintain that formulary position. And we've been pretty effective at doing that theirtorically, so I believe will be pretty effective at doing it again. Rob, anything you want to add? Rob Michael Just as a reminder. I mean, so we gave that and we're using Europe as an analog, but keep in mind that tthey U.S. system is very, very different. Ttheir is why we gave you a range. And so as we get closer to '23, obviously we'll give more specific guidance on tthey U.S. But we are communicating as more directional information based on tthey experience we saw with Europe. Keep in mind ttheyre were 4 biosimilars that came in tthey market at that time, and ttheyre will be more biosimilars coming to tthey U.S. markets. So ttheyre's a different level of competitive intensity, but also it's a very different payer landscape. So it's something to keep in mind. Tim Anderson Okay. Thank you. Liz Stheya Thank you, Tim. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. It comes from Gary Nachman with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open, sir. Gary Nachman Thanks. Good morning. A couple on neuro that had some recent wins. So first on Vraylar tthey Phase 2 studies and MDD. In 1 study, you hit on tthey 1.5 milligram dose, but not tthey 3 milligram dose, it was close, but not statistically significant. Will that matter to tthey FDA, maybe you could remind us what those who sit in tthey previous Phase 3. And now that you have tthey full dataset, how do you think Vraylar will stack up competitively at tthey NDD space? And ttheyn just quickly on migrating, a little bit more how tthey initial launch has gone to lift, and how has that been rolled in to tthey Botox in UBRELVY offering, and just your confidence about tthey reimbursement you said going into tthey first half of next year. Thanks. Michael Severino Okay. Ttheir is Mike. I'll take tthey first part of your question, and ttheyn Jeff will take tthey second part of your of your question. With respect to Vraylar MDD, in tthey study that you described tthey 1.5 milligram dose medicine point and met it with a highly statistically significant P-value of 0.005, so 0005. And that's important in terms of strength of evidence overall and weight of evidence overall. And ttheyn as you point out, in tthey 3 milligram arm in that same study, we didn't hit significance, but we had a P-value that was very small.  Tthey nominal P-value is 0.073, if we around. Wtheyn you look at that overall study to RA clearly shows an effect in NDD. Now, tthey second Phase 3 study that we just read out did not reach statistical significance for eittheyr dose group, but ttheyre were favorable trends and across a number of comparisons, ttheyre were nominal p-values that were quite small and many of ttheym were out lower than 0.05. And I'll just remind tthey listeners that it's very common in depression studies, even with classes of medicines that have firmly establittheyyd efficacy to have some study that read out positive and some studies that are negative. And so we think that overall package that we announced today is very strong. And it's also important to keep in mind that we did have a prior study that was conducted several years ago that was also positive that demonstrated a statistically significant effect. And that study -- look at different dosing, ttheyre were dose ranges that were studied in that trial with titration.  It was tthey upper 2 of tthey dose ranges that was significant, but it did show both a clinically meaningful and significant benefit. So we have 2 positive studies and that's important because tthey way ttheyse studies are typically looked at is an overall weight of evidence, do you have a convincingly positive phase 3 study? And is ttheyre ottheyr evidence within tthey overall data package that is supportive and we feel comfortable that that is tthey case theyre.  And lastly, what I'd say is, if you look at tthey precedent, and you look at ottheyr approvals, findings like tthey ones that we described on not a long time, and, in fact, that's tthey very common amongst approved agents in ttheir space, including some of tthey more recent approvals in adjunctive NDD like resulting. So overall we think it is a strong package that has a viable regulatory pathway. And we will stack up very nicely to competitors. So we're going to begin those regulatory discussions shortly. So without I'll turn it over to Jeff. Jeff Stewart Yeah, thank you, Mike. Look, it's a meaningful opportunity for sure. Wtheyn we look at tthey market sizes, about 60 million total prescriptions for tthey adjunctive MDD market. And that's very similar to tthey bipolar market that we operate in now, so it's a very meaningful opportunity for us. If you think about tthey -- what Mike was saying in terms of tthey competitive profile, I think we have to remember that while it's got a fairly low share, tthey -- Vraylar is very attractive, which is why it's tthey fasting growing agent. So tthey efficacy is viewed very, very nicely overall, and I think that if approved, ttheir also has competitive efficacy of very gentle metabolic profile, minimal weight gain, very tolerable, and also very simple dosing for tthey psychiatrists and tthey primary care doctors that look at ttheir. So wtheyn you start to see tthey potential for an agent like Vraylar that's got tthey full spectrum across bipolar disease in terms of mania, mixed episodes and depression. And ttheyn tthey adjunctive depression indication, if approved, it will be very attractive. So we anticipate a nice catalyst theyre and certainly a nice add to Vraylar's overall profile. Gary Nachman If you want to cover tthey second question. Jeff Stewart Yeah. Perfect. Tthey second question you had was QULIPTA. And QULIPTA, its very early, we just introduced tthey product with our full commercial promotion. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have now as of ttheir quarter, a dedicated migraine sales force which shows you how important we think that ttheir franctheire is and what we can do with ttheir franctheire. So we have an entire sales team out ttheyre that is launching QULIPTA and now also focused on UBRELVY. And tthey early feedback has been very strong. What we theyar qualitatively from our field and certainly from our research in tthey first few weeks of launch is, first, tthey simplicity and strength of QULIPTA for prevention.  We see very, very nice response to our efficacy data, which is -- Mike has said before, and I've said before is on tthey very high end of preventative performance. So 60% of patients in our trials achieved greater than 50% reduction in migraine days, which is viewed as very significant. And almost 30% have a complete control. A 100% decrease in ttheyir migraine days. That's very compelling in terms of ttheir Qulipta power. Also, physicians like tthey simple, everyday dosing, once a day.  And so things are quite strong in terms of our early qualitative feedback. So we do obviously anticipate that tthey majority of our prescriptions will be bridged prescriptions until are -- we get tthey full ramp of our market access, which as I mentioned, we're quite confident by tthey first half of tthey year, we should ramp similar to Ubrelvy, wtheyre ultimately, as you remember, we achieved about a 90% access in tthey U.S. So quite good early feedback on tthey launch, and again we think that tthey 3 assets togettheyr are unique competitive positioning for AbbVie. Liz Stheya Thank you, Gary. Operator, next question, please. Operator Our next question is from Matttheyw Harrison with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open, sir. Matttheyw Harrison Great, good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I guess two for me. 1. If I could just follow up on CGRP, I'm curious, obviously, you have a different strategy than your competitor wtheyn it comes to tthey prophylactic market. I'm just wondering how you think wtheyre your source of tthey patients are going to come from. Are you expecting more transitions from injectables or do you think ttheyy're going to be more de novo patients, and if you could just talk about that a little bit. And ttheyn secondly, on REGENXBIO, could you just talk about your confidence in tthey data ttheyre. Obviously ttheyre was some inflammation ttheyre though it did seem self-limiting. I'm just curious how you think about that impacting tthey profile, because obviously in ottheyr gene ttheyrapy products in tthey eye inflammation has sometimes proven to be pretty significant as a long-term sequelae. Thanks. Rick Gonzalez Jeff lunge. Jeff Stewart Yeah, I'll take tthey first one, thanks. So in terms of tthey source of business, we think that QULIPTA is going to source business from 2 primary areas. First is, tthey big theyadacthey specialists, tthey big neurologists. We think absolutely from our research and feedback that you'll start to see an early trade-off of tthey injectable MABS in favor of tthey orals and certainly in favor of QULIPTA. I think that ttheir is viewed as very attractive. In many cases, some people have spontaneously highlighted wow it looks like a very strong MAB in a single oral pill. So that's a source of business in terms of market share trade-off. I think tthey ottheyr insight that we have from tthey market is that we are going to a -- calling on a substantial amount of high prescribing primary care physicians who don't write a lot of MABS, but ttheyy certainly write a lot of generic topiramate and some ottheyr older agents. And so we also see that we have a unique opportunity in a wider audience to source from physicians that really don't lean towards tthey MABS because of tthey injectable nature of those, etc. So we think we're going to have a good balance between those two sources of business and that's quite attractive for us right now. Michael Severino Ttheir is Mike. I'll take tthey question regarding REGENX. We're very encouraged by tthey recent data. If we take a step back and look at tthey program overall, ttheyy have very strong efficacy data already demonstrated with sub-retinal delivery and that's in a lot of procedure. But it gives us clear proof-of-concept for tthey approach, and shows that we can get durable control. And that component of tthey program is already in Phase 3. And ttheyn tthey more recent data that were presented just about a month ago, several weeks ago, looked at suprachoroidal delivery. So that is a delivery method that can be done in-office. It's a specialized form of injection, but it is a form of injection. And that is also showing very good promise. We're already seeing signs of efficacy in tthey first cohort, which is tthey lowest dose cohort, which quite frankly is sooner than we expected to see ttheym before that study had started to deliver results. And tthey tolerability is very good. If one looks at tthey inflammation that has reported in tthey [Indiscernible] trials, it's very different in its nature and its [Indiscernible] than that, that has been seen with ottheyr agents. It's principally anterior, chamber is exclusively anterior chamber, ttheyre's no vasculitis, no more significant inflammation.  It is readily treated with topical steroids, and generally resolves without any difficulty, and in fact, quite rapidly. And it's also important to remember that ttheyre's no prophylactic steroids being used theyre. Ottheyr approactheys have required that. So ttheyse are patients who have no prophylaxis upfront in responding to what's often a brief course of topical steroids. And tthey reason why ttheyre's no prophylactic steroids, given as ttheyy're just not felt to be needed given tthey very mild nature of tthey inflammation that's being observed. So we're very confident with it. And again, we feel it's qualitatively very different than what has been seen in ottheyr agents. And we've obviously talked to retinal specialists as well who are quite familiar with tthey program, and tthey views we've theyard from ttheym are supportive of what I just described. Liz Stheya Thank you, Matttheyw. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Scala with Cowen. Your line is open, sir. Steve Scala Thank you. I have a few questions, a couple of follow-ups. How would you describe tthey nature and tthey tone of conversations with FDA regarding RINVOQ's new label in RA, would you say you're pleased with how things are going, is tthey outcome unclear to AbbVie at ttheir juncture, or is tthey outcome obvious sending in line with what tthey FDA had an it's statement in September? That's tthey first question. Second question: To my knowledge, Vraylar has shown superiority to placebo but not generics in MDD. How would AbbVie establish it as a leading MDD agent given tthey presence of lower cost alternatives? And ttheyn lastly, any thoughts on Soliton acquisition relative to its closing? Thank you. Michael Severino Okay. Ttheir is Mike. I'll start And ttheyn Rick will take tthey question regarding Soliton. With respect to tthey tone of conversations with tthey FDA for RINVOQ, I would describe ttheym as productive. With respect to your question specifically about tthey RA label, those discussions are productive as well. I would assume tthey base case is what ttheyy announced conceptually back in early September, but we are working through tthey specifics of how that translates into labeling language. And I would characterize tthey discussions around tthey ottheyr indications as being very productive and very positive as well. And so as I mentioned earlier in ttheir call, we remain very confident in tthey files for those new indications for all three of ttheym. With respect to Vraylar, theyad-to-theyad superiority studies are not typically done in ttheir space. Ttheyy are very challenging. It is challenging to show an impact even with establittheyyd classes period in major depressive disorder and particularly in ttheir space, because ttheir is tthey adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder. So ttheyse are patients who aren't responding to tthey current ttheyrapies, and require an add-on and atypical antipsychotics with pharmacology similar to Vraylar, our one of tthey most commonly used agents in ttheir space. So we think tthey very strong data that we have from tthey study that we described, and tthey fact that we have prior supportive evidence as well from tthey earlier study, will position it very well to be competitive in that marketplace. Jeff Stewart And Steve, it's Jeff. Just to build on Mike's point, if you think about tthey size of Vraylar now approaching $1.8 billion it has a 2.5 share in terms of tthey anti-psychotic market. It's a low share, high-value in growth area. Wtheyn you think about most of our business is already stepped through in some cases one or two of tthey generics. Tthey problem is that ttheyse patients are so fragile, ttheyy just don't respond well. We would still anticipate that with tthey new approval for MDD, you're still going to have step ttheyrapy and ottheyr approactheys in tthey marketplace, but ttheyre is still a very nice commercial opportunity. That's just tthey way tthey markets work today. Steve Scala Alright, thanks. Rick Gonzalez So ttheir is Rick, Steve. On Soliton, as you know, we obviously announced tthey -- our intention to acquire tthey Company and submitted it for approval. We did receive a second request. Maybe just to frame a bit why we're interested in ttheir area. We tend to look at ttheir market wtheyre tthey third major leg of tthey stool in a stage is body contouring. And ttheir is a good fit with CoolSculpting, and CoolTones. Obviously, CoolSculpting is focused more on reduction of fat in targeted areas, and CoolTones more focused on tthey area of enhancing muscle tone in specific areas.  Ttheir particular asset is designed to reduce cellulite. We don't have a position in cellulite now so ttheyre's not any kind of competitive overlap in that area. Having said that, we are responding to tthey FTC's inquiry. We believe that's going reasonably well, so we would expect ttheir to be resolved at some point theyre in tthey future. I can't tell you a specific date, but I would expect it to have a positive outcome over a period of time theyre. Steve Scala Thank you. Liz Stheya Thank, you, Steve. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Vamil Divan with Mizuho Securities. Your line is open. Vamil Divan Great. Thanks so much for taking my question. So just maybe 1 more just on Vraylar following up on tthey ottheyr comments. I think before you talked about it being as maybe sort of multi-billion-dollar type opportunity in MDD. Is that still tthey lines you're thinking now that you've seen tthey data that you've disclosed today? And ttheyn tthey second one, just going back to RINVOQ and obvious sounds like you're still pretty confident on that products outlook. But I'm just curious if that's changed any of your priorities hitting about business development, specifically in immunology? Tthey need for maybe look at ottheyr oral agents that might be in development ttheyre, just so how you're thinking about tthey broader BD landscape ttheyre. Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Yes, Jeff. Jeff Stewart Yeah. I think if you look at tthey -- as I highlighted, that tthey market sizes are roughly tthey same. However, tthey competitive context is quite a bit different and tthey competitive set is a little bit different. So we view it again as an important incremental opportunity that even with low incremental share, that we can drive Vraylar to tthey -- that multibillion dollar guidance that we look at it. We do think it's an incremental catalyst, and an exciting approach if it were to be approved. Michael Severino So ttheir is Mike. I'll take tthey Rinvoq question. So as you pointed out, yes, we are very confident in Rinvoq as a molecule overall. We've talked about tthey progress on tthey RA indication, and our confidence in tthey new indications, both those that are under review. And indications wtheyre we have data, but have not yet submitted like tthey IBD indications. And so we feel that it's going to be an important part of our portfolio, and tthey treatment armamentarium going forward. So having said that, immunology is always an area wtheyre we are scouring tthey landscape to look for tthey best opportunities.  So I wouldn't say it's changed our focus in any way or changed our approach, but we will continue to look for novel ttheyrapies that can raise tthey bar on tthey standard of care. Across a number of areas, tthey current indications wtheyre we are already playing and new indications that have fewer treatment options, areas like lupus and scleroderma. So tthey RINVOQ situation has not changed that strategy in anyway. Liz Stheya Thanks, Vamil. Operator, we'll take tthey next question, please. Operator Thank you. It's from Ronny Gal with Bernstein. Your line is open, sir. Ronny Gal Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. I've got a clarification and ttheyn a couple of questions. First, Rick, you mentioned regarding Alphatec about tthey acceleration clauses. And I just want to clarify if ttheir is on District Court decision or appeal, given tthey timing it actually makes quite a bit of difference. Ttheyn tthey two questions I have first are interchangeability for HUMIRA. Do you think ttheir will matter in tthey marketplace? We are theyaring different things from tthey large payers. What is your take theyre and what is going to be AbbVie's position about ttheir? And tthey second question is, tthey last draft we've seen from ttheir year regarding tthey infrastructure bill does not include a reduction of out-of-pocket costs in Medicare. We're still theyaring from context, ttheir still might be tthey case if it's still included. If you can comment on ttheir issue, do you expect it to be included, and tthey impact it might have on AbbVie's business. Rick Gonzalez So Ronny, ttheir is Rick. On Alvotech, obviously ttheyse agreements that we have with tthey ottheyr biosimilar players are confidential, I'm not going to delve into some of tthey specifics around those. What I can tell you is what I said before. I mean, we are highly confident in our position with ttheir IP. Ttheir IP has been challenged multiple times and we have a high degree of confidence that we will prevail.  So I think it's obviously a hypottheytical scenario, but I don't -- I wouldn't give it a lot of merit. Second on interchangeable HUMIRA s as we've discussed previously, wtheyn we built tthey erosion model that we described a couple of years ago, or certainly a year-and-a-half or so ago, we did assume at that point that ttheyy were going to be 2 interchangeable biosimilars. It does matter from a pricing standpoint to some extent. So I think it will have an impact but it's consistent with what we had assumed. And so we've essentially taken that into consideration in tthey forecast that we provided you, and tthey estimates that we provided you. On drug pricing in tthey U.S., I would say it's a very fluid situation. It's a little difficult to truly understand exactly wtheyre we are. You are correct, if you look at ttheir framework that came out yesterday [Indiscernible] talked about repeal of tthey rebate rule being eliminated. And it didn't talk about much else. Look, tthey things that we're focused on and things that we think would make a difference on our out-of-pocket costs for patients, and making ttheym lower for Medicare patients, making ttheym something that ttheyy can spread over a period of time -- a 12-month period of time to make tthey cash flow easier to deal with. And as we've said before, we think industry will play a role in that as one of tthey participants. And we would hope that we will get back to that, because I think -- we think that is tthey most fundamental issue is reducing tthey out-of-pocket costs for ttheyse patients. Liz Stheya Thank you, Ronny. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Your line is open, sir. Geoff Meacham Great. Hey guys. Thanks so much for tthey question. I just have 2 quick ones, and probably for Mike. Tthey follow-up on Rinvoq. I know it's been asked a lot, but you have a number of labeling scenarios that could play out just with respect to dose, or TNF requirement, or language on black box, or any maybe -- any limit on duration. Is ttheyre one of those items that has more of an impact than tthey ottheyrs. I'm just trying to think about what informs your assumptions. Tthey second question on cystic fibrosis. Wtheyn you look to tthey upcoming proof-of-concept data readout, is ttheyre a minimal effect size, or profile that you're looking for that would justify moving to a larger scale Phase 3. Thanks so much. Michael Severino I will take tthey RINVOQ question first and ttheyn make some comments on CF. What I would say about RINVOQ is our assumptions around tthey labeling at a base case are based on what tthey agency announced in ttheyir safety communication in September. That principally updates to tthey black box warnings that all of ttheyse agents have in fact all agents in immunology have some degree of ttheir. Ttheyy treat similar conditions to RINVOQ, for example, tthey TNS have some of tthey same but not all of tthey same warnings. Updating that section label is part of our base case and ttheyn tthey restriction that tthey agency described for certain patients around TNF inadequate response forms our base case. And those are tthey two factors that we're considering. We would not anticipate any limit into ration of ttheyrapy, for example. And tthey question those principally applies to tthey atopic dermatitis file, because we have just a single dose in tthey ottheyr files, in tthey files that are in tthey rtheyumatology space. And we feel confident about both doses in terms of tthey benefit risk that we've demonstrated in that atopic dermatitis program. It's really those two dimensions and how those translate into specific language in RA. And ttheyn of course, how ttheyy translate to tthey ottheyr indications, because TNFs are not tthey standard of care in all indications, ttheyy are not used in atopic dermatitis. So ttheyn it's how do those concepts get translated into tthey label in ottheyr indications. Those are tthey principal dimensions that we're looking at wtheyn we think about those programs. And again, we feel very confident in tthey files that we've put forward, and feel very good about how discussions have gone to date. With respect to CF and what we're looking for, we're looking for something that has demonstrated benefit compared to what's already out ttheyre, what will be out ttheyre at tthey time our agents come to market. Obviously tthey principal competitor, tthey only group with a marketed product right now in ttheir space is Vertex so that's what we would be benchmark ourselves against.  I would say at an absolute minimum, you'd have to have efficacy that was just as good with ottheyr meaningful advantages. But what we're striving for is something that has an efficacy advantage of a small number of absolute FEV1 points. A small number of absolute FEV1 points might not sound like much, but it can translate into real benefit for patients in ttheir disease. Liz Stheya Thank you, Jeff. Operator, next question, please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Luisa Hector with Berenberg. Your line is open, ma'am. Luisa Hector Thank you. Good morning. And sorry. I still have a couple more on RINVOQ. I just wanted to understand wtheyttheyr tthey label updates in RA and ttheyn tthey approvals in tthey new indications can essentially all happen on tthey same day? Or is tthey gating item tthey RA update? And ttheyn ttheyre's still a bit more work to be done for tthey new indications. And ttheyn looking on to tthey UC filing. Is tthey acceptance of that filing in any way dependent on tthey RA label being resolved first or that's free to be accepted as a filing while tthey label update is still outstanding? Thank you. Michael Severino Ttheir is Mike. I'll take those 2 questions. So with respect to tthey ongoing reviews, what I would say is tthey discussions around tthey RA label update, and tthey new indications that are under our review are going on simultaneously. And ttheyre is some level of interdependence. In ottheyr words, we need to understand wtheyre tthey RA label will land, because some of those elements, like tthey warnings and precautions, will translate over to tthey ottheyr indications because in tthey U.S. you get 1 label for tthey molecule that applies across all of tthey indications. So ttheyre's some interdependency, that's why getting tthey RA label update resolved is a gating factor. Wtheyttheyr it could happen on tthey same day or in close succession, I think it's too early to call with that fine level of detail, but we would expect tthey psoriatic arthritis and atopic dermatitis filings to follow in a very reasonable time-frame after that label update. As I mentioned, we're adding new data to tthey ankylosing spondylitis submission, which is tthey smallest of tthey three indications. And so that one might be on a slightly different time-frame as tthey agency reviews those new data. With respect to tthey SEC filings, tthey RA label update is not on critical path to file acceptance. What tthey agency looks at wtheyn ttheyy look at file acceptance is, have you provided sufficient data for ttheym to evaluate tthey file, is it in an appropriate format that ttheyy can review, are ttheyre any significant deficiencies. And of course, we're very confident in tthey file that we've submitted, so we would not in any way anticipate any challenges ttheyre. And tthey RA safety label update is not a gating factor for that file acceptance. Liz Stheya Thank you, Luisa. Operator, next question please. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Raymond with Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Allie Braculon Hi, good morning. Ttheir is Allie Braculon for Chris. Thanks for taking tthey question. So on ABBV -951 and Parkinson's, we're just hoping you could put some of those safety findings from tthey Phase 3 trial in context, particularly tthey imbalance in hallucination psychosis and tthey 22%, I think, treatment discontinuation rate. Basically, just how did that safety profile stack up against your expectations and how could ttheir translate into real-world use of 951. Thanks. Michael Severino So ttheir is Mike. I'll take that question. With respect to tthey data for 951, we're very pleased with tthey data. Ttheyre is very strong efficacy, and tthey safety is within our expectations, it matctheys our expectations across essentially all important areas. What's important to keep in mind is ttheir agent delivers transformative benefit to patients who have extremely difficult to control Parkinson's disease through ottheyr measures, and to have a very, very difficult time controlling ttheyir disease. For example, with orals or with ottheyr approactheys. And so tthey overall picture has to be looked at in that context. With respect to treatment discontinuations, what I would say is tthey treatment discontinuations, Tthey rate of that overall is very similar to what you see with similar devices with insulin pump like devices used across a range of conditions. Most of ttheyse were driven by eittheyr local tolerability issues like injection site reactions, which were principally eryttheyma or technical usability issues because ttheyse are older patient populations with limited mobility and dexterity in many cases, and ttheyre's always a subset of patients who find that ttheyy have difficulty using any device under those circumstances. Again, those rates of discontinuation are very similar to what you see with similar insulin pump-like devices. And keep in mind ttheir is a very, very large population. Ttheir advanced Parkinson's population, only a very small proportion of which currently get advanced treatments because it's so limited in how that can be delivered. We think ttheyre's a big opportunity theyre and that treatment discontinuation rate doesn't change that and is in line with our expectations. With respect to hallucinations. We know that that is on mechanism. Or Levodopa and Carbidopa and it's essentially evidenced that we are delivering Levodopa and Carbidopa in a way that's more effective than can be done through ottheyr methods. And it's something that can be titrated and something that can be managed. And what I would point to is in tthey ottheyr direction. Tthey oral group, tthey control group that got oral Levodopa and Carbidopa had more falls. And that to our eye shows a lower degree of control, which matctheys tthey clinical efficacy data, because we know falls are common in Parkinson's disease patients. So we need to keep that in mind. And with tthey efficacy that we've delivered, we think ttheyse are all very attractive profiles and ones that will translate into significant real-world use. Wtheyn we look at how ttheir will impact overall use, again and keep in mind that tthey very broad population, only a very small segment which can access tthey ttheyrapies that ttheyy need to control ttheyir disease. Ttheyrapies like DUOPA, which is transformative, that takes us surgical gastric tube actually threaded into tthey small bow to get deep brain stimulation and ottheyr types of measures. Ttheir is a much less invasive approach that delivers very strong efficacy and we think that will translate very, very effectively into tthey real world. Liz Stheya Thanks, Allie. Operator, we have time for 1 final question. Operator That will come from Josh Scthemmer with Evercore ISI. Your line is open, sir. Josh Scthemmer Thanks for squeezing me in. Can you talk about tthey current contracting season with payers for Humira, and wtheyttheyr you think you'll be able to lock in multi-year contracts eittheyr now to extend to 2023, or next year to extend to 2024. And ttheyn I'm surprised you're not more bullish with your guidance for tthey migraine franctheire, given tthey strong trajectory it's on already. Any reason to think ttheyre's going to be a significant plateau in tthey years atheyad. Thank you. Jeff Stewart Yes. Hi, it's Jeff. So typically, wtheyn -- we start to negotiate with tthey payers in tthey spring of tthey year for tthey following year. And typically those contracts can be multiyear contracts, maybe 2-year contract. So really that's tthey season wtheyre we'll have as Rob and Rick said, we'll have probably some more guidance over how things are shaping up for '23 and possibly '24 depending on tthey posture of tthey payers and how those things work out. So we're not quite ttheyre yet. I think that what I can say is we're quite confident based on tthey timing that I described in terms of general cycles, in terms of wtheyre we're going to be for our portfolio certainly in '22. In terms of QULIPTA, look, we are off to a very good start.  I can tell you that UBRELVY continues to run a pace, that total oral CGRP market is upwards of maybe 18% of new prescriptions. And it's still early and that would be us and neurotech in tthey acute segment. And at a ttheyoretical peak level, you could see maybe 30% or 40% based on cardiovascular issues with Triptan's or some ottheyr issues. But we still have clear -- clearly some runway to go. It's probably a little early to sort of determine how that preventative segment will really grow because you've only seen really tthey MABS so far.  Ttheyy certainly tripled tthey market size. How will both of ttheyse orals and particularly in oral like QULIPTA in terms of tthey market development run a pace? It's encouraging for sure, particularly, if you have all 3 of ttheyse agents in tthey market and tthey investment behind it. Right now though we feel quite comfortable with tthey billion-dollar opportunity for both of tthey orals. Liz Stheya Thanks, Josh. And that concludes today's conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of tthey call, please visit our website at investors. abbVie.com. Thanks again for joining us. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great rest of your day.