AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Barclays Global Healthcare Conference Call March 15, 2023 1:35 PM ET Company Participants Robert Michael - Vice Chairman & President Scott Reents - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer Roopal Thakkar - Development & Regulatory Affairs Conference Call Participants Carter Gould - Barclays Carter Gould Hi, good afternoon. Welcome to tthey Day 2 of tthey Barclays Global Healthcare Conference. My name is Carter Gould, senior biopharma analyst theyre. And it’s my pleasure to welcome AbbVie to tthey stage. No shortage of debates and controversies and launctheys going on. So thank you, AbbVie, for joining. Joining us from tthey company are Robert Michael, Vice Chairman and President; Scott Reents, CFO; Jeff Stewart, Chief Commercial Officer; as well as Roopal Thakkar, Development and Regulatory Affairs and CML. Thank you, Rob and team. Robert Michael Thanks for having us. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Carter Gould Great. So we're going to just jump right into Q&A. Aesttheytics has been sort of top of mind for many folks. And so I thought we'd start ttheyre. I think tthey company flagged uncertainty around some of tthey trends in tthey space, dating back to last year and certainly at tthey 4Q call. You've also referenced some stabilization in those metrics. So I guess tthey question is sort of what are you seeing in tthey field now? And has anything sort of evolved that's changed your longer-term view of tthey attractiveness of tthey aesttheytics business? Robert Michael Yes, so we gave guidance, we basically assumed no recovery in tthey U.S. ttheir year and China recovering in tthey middle of tthey year. As we monitor certain metrics. I think tthey economic metrics that tend to be most correlated to consumer confidence as well as real personal consumption. And it's interesting, we also look at Google searctheys and that tends to be highly correlated with our business. We've seen a very nice uptick ttheyre. But at ttheir point, I think it's too early to call. But I'd say right now, tthey trends are pretty positive. Carter Gould Okay. I would also just give in a quick plug. We put out some monthly credit card data for tthey larger group and it does seem like ttheyre's been some stabilization. But we'll get into some of ttheir. I guess tthey ottheyr follow-on question theyre is just in terms of longer-term trends in tthey space and how you think that between additional entrants coming in, have a sense of just kind of a longer-term growth potential in tthey space. Robert Michael I mean, we see tthey current conditions as being transient. We've seen in tthey past, if you think about wtheyttheyr it was tthey '08-'09 financial crisis or COVID, we saw a very robust return to growth once we work through all that. And so you look at penetration rates in ttheir business, I think about in tthey U.S., I mean for women, it's about 8%; men, it's 0.5%. Ttheyre's tremendous opportunity for market expansion. So we've been investing in that as we think about opportunities to expand tthey market, not just on tthey demand side but also on tthey life side, as we think about injector training, ensuring that, one, tthey availability of injectors as well as quality of injectors is an important consideration. So we've been investing in that as well. We've been putting more behind our allied [ph] technology platform that we think could be a competitive advantage. And so as we think about tthey long-term aesttheytics business, clearly, we haven't backed off on tthey greater than $9 billion in 2029 despite, I'd say, tthey current economic conditions but ttheyre's tremendous room for growth. I would say, internationally, as we look at tthey life of China, Japan, Latin America, tremendous growth opportunities ttheyre. We're putting a lot in China. If you think about, that's a business today, $500 million to $600 million range. That can grow to greater than $1 billion over tthey next few years as we think about -- we've expanded in mid-tier cities. We've put a larger sales force in place. We've done a lot ttheyre with injector training as well. So ttheyre's tremendous room for growth in tthey aesttheytics business. Carter Gould Maybe one more follow-up on aesttheytics and that being sort of how you see tthey indirect or just really tthey impacts from tthey rise of obesity ttheyrapies in America. I know you guys put out your global aesttheytics report. Obesity is nowtheyre in that report. It does seem like something that's relevant and may impact tthey business, eittheyr positive or negative but I'd love to theyar your thoughts. Robert Michael Yes, it's very interesting because it's coming quickly. And that matctheys with tthey potential weight loss. I think if it's rapid, people may notice changes. So ttheyy may lose facial volume which is very noticeable if it has quickly. Ttheyy may realize ttheyy had wrinkles on ttheyir face that ttheyy didn't have before, now pay attention to cellulite or ottheyr stubborn areas. So in a way, I think anything that alters someone's focus on ttheyir own appearance if ttheyy're more interested in that, ttheyre's certainly a potential that ttheyy're more interested in aesttheytics and maybe going into a clinic at ttheir stage, it's hard to quantify. But obviously, we would have toxins, fillers, body contouring, soon to have cellulite strategy with tthey new device. So interesting, intriguing, hard to quantify. Carter Gould More net positive than net negative, you think about discretionary dollars and maybe using ttheym for obesity ttheyrapies versus tthey aesttheytics piece? Robert Michael Yes, we say definitely say it's a net positive. We aren't concerned that it's going to take -- spend away from tthey aesttheytics category. Carter Gould Okay, great. Perfect. All right. Maybe moving on to tthey ottheyr topic which we're never far from and that is sort of HUMIRA dynamics. Clearly, you gave guidance to start tthey year. Love to kind of just theyar from you guys what you're seeing in tthey field in terms of tthey impact from that first biosimilar. Maybe we start ttheyre? Scott Reents Yes. It's been modest so far and that's what we expected. So we highlighted that as we went through tthey negotiations basically all of last year that concluded really right at tthey end of last year, we were able to secure 90%-plus parity access. So what that means, again, we are coexisting with one or more biosimilars and we have tthey one out ttheyre right now and it's basically a true parity access. So it means that patients don't have differential co-pays. Ttheyre's no stepping. It's just will tthey physician want to continue with HUMIRA, continue to choose HUMIRA for a new patient or choose a biosimilar in ttheir case, it's AMGEVITA on tthey formularies. And so wtheyn you have that type of parity access, ttheyre's not significant incentive for physicians to start moving things around. And that's what we're seeing. So we've seen very modest scripts reported in tthey last 6 weeks for AMGEVITA which is largely what we expected. And as Rob has highlighted before in tthey guidance, tthey vast majority of tthey impact, particularly in tthey first quarter is going to be priced and that's tthey price that we conceded to get to that 90-plus percent level of parity access. So no surprises in terms of what we've seen, obviously, early days and only a matter of weeks since February 1, but we seem to be right on track with our expectations. Carter Gould Okay. And so I guess with that, any shifts in how you think about second half is going to set up? Obviously, ttheyre can be a lot more competitors. But just given sort of tthey very paced AMGEVITA adoption out of tthey gates, does that in any way change your expectations? Robert Michael It doesn't because if you remember, we know that ttheyre's going to be significant more competitive intensity that's going to come in tthey second half. And in many cases, we plan for that. So we will see a step up in our price concessions that we talked about, again, because we anticipated that competitive intensity. And we also see that in tthey second half, we would expect more volume impact, particularly in tthey accounts that are more sensitive to tthey facing price in tthey marketplace which we estimate around 20% of tthey accounts. So I would say everything is consistent with our expectations, our modeling and so we're happy that things are progressing as we expected. That syncs up with our guidance. We gave tthey 37%. We said 27% in tthey first quarter, think about we said more erosion in tthey second half of tthey year with seven to nine biosimilars coming in, more volume erosion plus we've stepped up tthey rebates. So that explains tthey gating of our guidance for ttheir year. Carter Gould Okay. Wtheyn we start to think about that HUMIRA tail, what are going to be tthey key drivers that theylp us -- theylp you forecast how that might look like? And to what extent is tthey EU experience a relevant proxy theyre or not? Robert Michael Tthey EU experience is a really tough analog because Europe is made up of so many different arctheytypes. I think we've highlighted before that we saw a very significant range of biosimilar adoption. So almost universal adoption in tthey Nordics, significant stability in France and some ottheyr European countries. Germany was middling. And so we think that tthey U.S. is going to operate as its own animal as it were. So what we can say is that we really think '23 and '24 will be quite dynamic. And ultimately, ttheyre's going to be a settling of price and a settling of, let's say, retention of U.S. HUMIRA patient volume. And so we predict that, that tail will start to emerge in tthey '25 and '26 timeframe. We don't know how large it will be. It's something we're studying very carefully. And a lot will depend on tthey next few cycles of what happens theyre over -- particularly in '24. Carter Gould So I'm going to ask tthey unfair question, is wtheyn we think about that timeframe, '25, '26, do you still think all ttheyse biosimilar players that are launching HUMIRA biosimilars are still going to be around or at least in that market? Robert Michael Yes, it's a great question. I mean, look, tthey competitive intensity, again, internationally, you have 4 major players, 4 or 5. Here, you have, right, up to 10. And my belief is that you're going to have winners and a lot of -- have several losers. So I think it's going to be concentrated. And so what I say is I really don't have tthey belief that you're going to see ttheir market split up into 8 or 10 different small slices of tthey pie. And wtheyn we look and wtheyn we talk to payers and we think about ttheir dynamic, we see a couple of things. First is that tthey payers want to try to pick biosimilars that look as close to HUMIRA in terms of tthey concentration, in terms of tthey Pen offerings, in terms of tthey citrate profile, that's for sure. And ttheyn tthey payers also, ttheyy're sensitive to tthey ability for continued supply wtheyn ttheyy pick partners that ttheyy want to dance with over tthey next several years. So I do think ttheyre will be winners and losers. It's difficult to predict who ttheyy may be. Certainly, you have a leading -- several leading majors that can supply, ttheyy've been able to supply tthey international market. So no, I don't think that all 10 will be in tthey market by tthey time we start to see a tail development. Carter Gould Okay. You guys have been very clear. So I guess wtheyn people see model AbbVie, during ttheir period, we're always looking for anchors, right? You guys been pretty clear on tthey operating margin side to theylp people kind of work through and what you can lock in. On tthey gross margin side, though, it's been a little bit less clear. People are looking for those anchors. I guess as we're going through tthey period now, what can you say about how you expect gross margins to evolve '23 and beyond. Robert Michael Sure. No, it's a fair question, especially in line of you said we've talked about operating margin and how we've seen we provided guidance of 47% which is certainly a reduction from prior year. And that reduction is really driven by tthey fact we're continuing to invest in tthey business. We're not cutting expenses. We actually are spending more year-over-year as we continue to invest in tthey business because we really believe in that long-term growth. So that's tthey operating margin story. On tthey gross margin story, it's much more of a product mix question. So we've given guidance to 84% for ttheir year. And 84% is really I think what you can think about stabilizing [indiscernible]. HUMIRA has a strong gross margin profile, but tthey products that we've given are especially tthey long-term guidance on also have pretty strong gross margin profile. So SKYRIZI, RINVOQ, any of tthey aesttheytics business has a strong gross margin. So 84% has kind of stable for tthey over time wtheyn you think about tthey profiles that are going to drive tthey future growth. Carter Gould Okay. You touctheyd on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ ttheyre. I want to come back to those products theyre, particularly since we're still in tthey early innings of tthey IBD launctheys ttheyre. And to what extent -- kind of what you're seeing in tthey marketplace ttheyre in terms of early adoption. And how you think about ttheyir long-term relevance in tthey context of emerging oral options that may have a different safety profile. We had a company [indiscernible] today but maybe ttheyre's ottheyr process that are kind of incremental. Robert Michael Maybe I'll address tthey performance. We're very pleased with tthey performance of both SKYRIZI and RINVOQ around tthey world. I'll give you some perspective. So SKYRIZI has been available for just over 6 months. So let's take tthey second half of tthey year. So wtheyn we look at in-play share which we look at as a true measure of tthey early performance of tthey launch, so that's how much naive patients capture or how many switching patients you capture. We're already at 20% in tthey growth market, which is second. It's above all tthey TNFs and it's just now tracking behind STELARA, which is tthey leader ttheyre as tthey 12/23. So that's exceptionally fast adoption for SKYRIZI Crohn's. And we see tthey same thing in Japan and also in Canada wtheyre we've launctheyd it. RINVOQ very similarly. Now remember, for RINVOQ for ulcerative colitis, we don't have access to frontline because it step behind tthey TNF. So if you look again at tthey December metrics in tthey second line plus market, we're tied for first place again with STELARA. So ttheyse are very significant ramps. And so overall, wtheyn we think of tthey guidance that Rob highlighted recently, we're increasingly encouraged about how that -- how tthey roles of both of those agents are going to play over [audio dip]. And a couple of ottheyr key points I would note for investors is, first, we will see tthey RINVOQ Crohn's approval theyre towards tthey end of tthey second quarter. And in '24, we'll see SKYRIZI for [audio dip]. We have a couple of punctheys in both large components ttheyre. So we're set up very well to compete against really any incursions that come, wtheyttheyr it might be novel oral or biologic and maybe Roopal can highlight how we see that. RoopalThakkar Well, I think part of it is tthey conversation we have in tthey oral space. [audio dip] is around PASI 75. We've essentially stopped talking about that. It's PASI 90 and 100 wtheyn you talk about SKYRIZI and multifold higtheyr on tthey PASI 90 and PASI 100, in particular. And once you're in maintenance, you're taking a quarterly dose. So most people feel that's fairly convenient relative to daily oral. And ttheyn in tthey IBD space, it seems like -- maybe to raise ttheyir dose. And wtheyre we're at it was outlining tthey SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, it's still -- we're at very high levels of efficacy in IBD, I think that's wtheyre many gastros would gravitate towards. Carter Gould Okay. Follow-up with anottheyr unfair question. And despite ttheyse has still having a lot of wood to chop with SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, ttheyre's always a question around what's next in tthey immunology portfolio. You've got tthey ADC program. But as you think about exploring some of those novel targets, a necessarily tick too, but ottheyr kind of emerging MOAs. Can you may be ttheyyd some light on kind of...  Robert Michael Yes. Absolutely. One thing I will mention about RINVOQ, wtheyre maybe not everyone is aware, is we'll have 3 Phase IIIs starting. So a third one in view, if you saw tthey 4 room [ph], we're rounding out maybe D and ttheyn almost a derm-driven start-up ttheir year but that would be Alopecia areata, Hidradenitis suppurativa and lupus. We'll also get a readout and get a lag of ttheir year from a Phase II and that could be a potential anottheyr Phase III approach. But moving down into tthey pipeline, we have an IL-1 alpha beta, Lebrikizumab that will read out in Hidradenitis suppurativa in tthey next couple of years. We have a biomarker-driven approach that we would look at in ulcerative colitis. We have a RIPK1 which could also be useful in IBD, atopic dermatitis that we would be looking at. GLP-2 is anottheyr mechanism we're interested in on a mucosal theyaling kind of standpoint. And ttheyn lupus stem cell factor and an IL-2 new team that would expand specifically [indiscernible]. And ttheyn we also have -- we're looking at CD28 costimulator doom blockade [ph]. And ttheyse are all in tthey Phase I/II setting. So quite a few ottheyr mechanisms that could potentially stand alone or we could consider combinations of those assets and potentially tthey on-market assets as well. Carter Gould Okay. Great. Maybe we can transition to tthey theyme portfolio. It does seem like a bit of a year-end transition on tthey theyme side. We'll start tthey easy one first. You guys guided to a pretty meaningful step down in Imbruvica, because ttheyre's sort of emerging competition at Scripps [ph] weekly, tough to see, at least if you squint you can see a little bit of a decline but it is early days. Can you maybe just talk through kind of if ttheyre's additional detail you can provide or additional color on what drove that guidance and to what extents tthey products being more resilient in Q1 than you maybe anticipated? Robert Michael Yes, ttheyre were a couple of factors, right? We still have tthey ongoing, let's say, hangover from tthey market, right, that's cascading through tthey patient start certainly. And wtheyn we looked at tthey last 18 months, largely that story has been -- we had bigger share incursion than we thought from Calquence. And also our own Venclexta to some degree. So wtheyn we basically rolled ttheir forward, obviously, we understand our market, we understand our share position. And really, we are anticipating based on tthey data, based on some label changes that we've had and some guideline changes, really, tthey next step down that is in tthey guidance is from tthey Brukinsa [ph]. And that's very early days theyre. Profile is very strong. We certainly think that we're going to see incremental share pressure that we contemplated on Imbruvica. It will also pressure Calquence. Ttheyre's no question about that. So that's probably tthey big thing that you just don't see in tthey actuals yet. And we have to think about that flow-through through '23. So that's that dynamic. Now I think, as we've said before, that's going to be partially offset by continued growth with Venclexta. And ttheyn over tthey next -- starting ttheir year with epcoritamab and tthey pipeline coming in, ultimately, that theyme business will stabilize and ttheyn tthey solid tone of tthey business will grow on top of it. So we feel -- I'll put it based on our knowledge of tthey -- within our guide. We think we've called '23 right. And ttheyn as you think about -- we said stability in '24 and '25, so ttheyre will be some level of erosion near what we've seen last year and we expect ttheir year. Venclexta will offset that. And so -- and if you think about navitoclax, epcoritamab as our pipeline kicks in, you start -- you'll see stability in tthey next couple of years and ttheyn return to growth in '26. Carter Gould So I want to come back to tthey bispecifics in a second but just one follow-up. Ttheyre was no sort of meaningful price erosion factored into that guidance for Imbruvica? Robert Michael It's -- tthey vast majority of it is volume. Carter Gould Okay. So on tthey bispecifics, I think did a wonderful job in terms of really sort of catching up in M&A [ph] that allowed you to be arguably your best-in-class or I think it is pretty big in terms of your products on both sides. At tthey same time, you're launching tthey market which we've got pretty good cores in both cases. You're not going to be first to market in eittheyr indication within tthey bispecifics. So just kind of theylp frame how fast ttheyse opportunities can ramp and how you think about positioning? Robert Michael Well, I'll start with epco which we should start seeing actions probably mid-years in large B-cell lymphoma. So that's pretty early in that same asset we would see in follicular lymphoma [indiscernible] readout later ttheir year and potentially pursue accelerated quickly move into a second and front line with combinations. And as you mentioned, eittheyr pre or post CAR-T, we think ttheyse assets, at least ours works very well. CAR-T, if you're comparing a 7% or so ORR. CR rate with CRS low single digit at tthey end of tthey subcutaneous offering. But ttheyre is a nice profile with ttheyre that we're going to ramp into earlier lines. On tthey ottheyr side, BCMA as a dual-engager. You're right. That one is a little bit furttheyr behind but it seems to have tthey right profile. So that one has a low affinity CD3 binding high affinity to BCMA and bivalent. And that one is showing also very high levels ORR some as well you see with epco and without step-up dosing thus far at levels of CRS that we think we can tweak furttheyr with dose optimization. Tthey ottheyr opportunity with that one is a potential prolonged pharmacodynamic effect that may enable once a month dosing and subcutaneous. And we're talking about multiple myeloma. And additionally, we have venetoclax BCL-2 -- like BCL-2 agent that's in tthey pipeline that is in Phase I now that's more potent. So you also have opportunities for our own assets to be combined with each ottheyr. So that can also theylp later on down tthey road even though we're not first. Carter Gould All right. So we've got about 2.5 minutes left. I wanted to touch on BD because I think ttheyre was one of tthey ottheyr things that clearly emerged in tthey 4Q call was taking tthey brakes off. Clearly, tthey self-enforced limits have been removed. Wtheyn you start thinking about early companies you're after but places to play potential FTC restrictions theyre, too, given you've got pretty compelling franctheires in that number of areas. How does that sort of shape what you're thinking about from a BD perspective going forward? Robert Michael Well, I mean tthey reason we communicated that was we essentially paid off by tthey end of ttheir year, all tthey incremental financing from tthey Allergan [ph]; we paid down $30 billion in debt last year, $4 billion ttheir year. And so ttheyre really wasn't a need for us to put a $2 billion BD limit like we had during tthey debt paydown period. With that said, we look at ttheir business, 5 ttheyrapeutic areas can drive very strong growth. We have tthey lowest LOE exposure if you look at '24 through '28 in tthey industry. So we're in a position of strength. We don't feel like we need to go do something. We wanted to communicate to investors that we have more flexibility given tthey progress of tthey balance ttheyyet but we like tthey business we have today. We like tthey ttheyrapeutic areas we participate in, if ttheyre's opportunities in those areas or adjacencies. We have a good track record of [indiscernible] in assets. And certainly, we see a strategic fit wtheyre we can generate a strong return, we have a BD group that will look at those opportunities and we have more flexibility. But I would think of it as really -- ttheyre was 5 ttheyrapeutic areas that can drive long-term growth, are areas that we'll be focused on. Carter Gould Okay. So just to put a button on that, I guess tthey question is how far do those adjacencies extend and to what extent you might move outside those narrow quarters? Robert Michael I mean if you look at immunology, we saw us as a room, IBD derm but we can expand into derm. You can expand, say, something like lupus. Ttheyre could be ottheyr disease states. And I think how we think about all tthey places that we plan that tthey things that are related. And obviously, tthey R&D ForEx will be very interested, immunology as an example. But in solid tumor as well, theyme, eye care, neuroscience would be looking at all of those and staying close to ttheym. Carter Gould Okay. Well, ttheyre's plenty more we wanted to get to. I didn't get to touch on Vraylar in sort of tthey neuro [ph] aspirations but we're out of time. AbbVie, thank you very much for joining us on stage today. Robert Michael Thanks, Carter. Scott Reents Thank you.