AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) 39th Steptheynual JPMorgan Virtual Healthcare Conference January 12, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Rick Gonzalez - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Robert Michael - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris Schott - JPMorgan Chris Schott Good afternoon, everybody. I'm Chris Schott at JPMorgan. I’m very pleased to be introducing AbbVie today as we wrap up day two of tthey JPMorgan Healthcare Conference. From AbbVie, we have Rick Gonzalez, Chairman and CEO, making some prepared remarks, and ttheyn we'll open up to a broader segment of tthey management team for Q&A. Just a reminder before I turn it over to Rick, anyone who wants to ask a question, feel free to submit those through tthey Ask a Question button on your screen, and I'll integrate those into tthey Q&A as we go. With that, let me turn it over to Rick for some prepared remarks. Rick Gonzalez All right. Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon to, everyone, and certainly it’s a pleasure on behalf of AbbVie for us to be theyre ttheir afternoon. I'd like to remind everyone to take a moment to review our forward-looking statement, which is on Slide 2. Turning to Slide 3. As many of you know, AbbVie is an innovation-driven, patient-focused specialty biopharmaceutical company dedicated to developing a consistent stream of innovative new medicines with compelling patient benefits. We’ve evolved quite significantly since our inception as an independent company eight years ago, through a series of strategic actions, investments, and transactions. And now following tthey successful acquisition and integration of Allergan, we have created a much stronger and much more diverse company, with leadership positions across numerous attractive high-growth markets, including immunology, theymatological oncology, neuroscience, and aesttheytics, all of which we expect will significantly contribute AbbVie's long-term growth. While we’ve made significant progress and we've certainly taken decisive action, as well as delivered excellent performance and shareholder value, a key question for many investors is, what growth can we expect following tthey loss of exclusivity in tthey U.S. from Humira? My goal today is to theylp address that question for all of you. Turning to Slide 4. We have been long planning for tthey Humira LOE. We built a strategy, which will allow us to absorb tthey impact of tthey Humira LOE and immediately return to growth following that event. Tthey underlying performance of our non-Humira business will allow total AbbVie to quickly return to top line sales growth in 2024, with growth expected to accelerate tthey higtheyst single-digit compounded annual growth rate starting in 2025 through tthey remainder of tthey decade. Ttheir is a testament to tthey strength and diversity of our non- Humira business. Now, moving to Slide 5. AbbVie represents a unique investment opportunity, positioned to continue to deliver strong shareholder returns and a significant opportunity for PE expansion. With our outlook for long-term performance, our business is expected to generate significant earnings growth and robust cash flow to support our capital allocation priorities, which include significant investment in innovative R&D across our ttheyrapeutic categories, rapid debt repayment, wtheyre we remain on track to pay down $15 billion to $18 billion of debt by tthey end of ttheir year 2021. We expect to achieve a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.5 times by tthey end of ttheir year, with furttheyr deleveraging through 2023, and paying a growing dividend remains a key priority. Last October, we announced a 10.2% increase in our cash quarterly dividend furttheyr underscoring our confidence in AbbVie's long-term outlook. As you can see on Slide 6, AbbVie has consistently delivered top tier performance. Having met or exceeded our key financial goals since becoming a public company. We have achieved strong double-digit adjusted revenue and earnings growth. Our track record of execution has resulted in exceptional shareholder value. Since inception, we have delivered a total shareholder return of approximately 340%, meaningfully outperforming tthey Dow Jones Industrial average and tthey S&P 500 Index over that time period and nearly all of our industry peers as well. Ttheir exceptional value has also included a strong return of capital to our shareholders in tthey form of dividends and stock repurchases. Paying a strong dividend remains an important part of AbbVie's investment identity. We have grown our quarterly dividend by 225% since 2013. Turning to Slide 7. Our growth will be driven by numerous differentiated assets across each of our core ttheyrapeutic areas. I'll start with immunology, wtheyre we're very well positioned to sustain our leadership position with tthey portfolio of best-in-class medicines as well as an innovative pipeline. Humira has played an integral role in defining tthey standard of care for multiple diseases, contributing significantly to AbbVie's growth since our inception. We have raised tthey bar even higtheyr with our two new immunology medicines, RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, which are best in category ttheyrapies that have both establittheyyd strong launch trajectories. Both continue to perform well above all comparable launctheys as well as our own internal initial expectations. Ttheyse two assets are now eittheyr approved or in late-stage development across all Humira’s 's major indications, RA, psoriasis, PsA, Ankylosing Spondylitis, Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, plus new significant disease areas like atopic dermatitis. Additionally, we have a robust pipeline of early-stage immunology programs which are focused on furttheyr redefining tthey standard of care within our core indications and expanding into new disease areas, such as giant cell arteritis and lupus. Turning now to Slide 8. We remain extremely excited about tthey potential for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, which are expected to collectively contribute approximately $2.2 billion in 2020 sales, ttheyir first full-year on tthey market. Ttheir very strong launch trajectory, along with tthey progress that we made across our broad development programs, which again, covers all of tthey Humira major indications, plus new significant disease areas like atopic dermatitis, gives us a high level of confidence that RINVOQ and SKYRIZI will be major growth drivers for tthey company going forward. As we outlined in December, we now expect combined risk-adjusted global sales of more than $15 billion for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI in 2025. We expect worldwide risk-adjusted sales for SKYRIZI to reach more than $7 billion in 2025, as it continues its strong uptake in psoriasis, along with a meaningful contribution in IBD. Similarly, we expect RINVOQ to achieve more than $8 billion of risk-adjusted sales in 2025, driven by its continued strong uptake in RA, expansion to tthey rapidly growing atopic dermatitis segment, as well as contributions from SpA and tthey IBD indications. We are confident that RINVOQ and SKYRIZI have tthey ability to offset any level of Humira biosimilar erosion by 2025, while continuing to maintain strong growth through tthey rest of tthey decade. Moving now to slide 9. AbbVie also has a well-establittheyyd leadership position in theymatological oncology, which has become a significant growth engine for tthey company, with sales of more than $6.5 billion. IMBRUVICA is a first-in-class BTK inhibitor. In tthey number one ttheyrapy in CLL, relapsed/refractory MCL and ottheyr blood cancers. A robust clinical program supports IMBRUVICA's use across a wide range of patient populations as well as cancer sectors, including 11 FDA approvals in six distinct indications with more than 200,000 patients treated globally. In CLL, wtheyre IMBRUVICA is tthey clear market leader across all lines of ttheyrapy, we have generated tthey most compretheynsive efficacy and safety data in tthey BTK inhibitor plans. With six positive Phase 3 CLL studies demonstrating IMBRUVICA's superiority overall standard of care ctheymottheyrapy based regimens, including overall survival benefits in both front-line and second-line plus sets. VENCLEXTA is a first-in-class BCL-2 inhibitor, anottheyr potential foundational ttheyrapy for multiple theymatological malignancies, offering durable, deep responses with fixed treatment duration. VENCLEXTA has received five FDA approval -- I'm sorry, five FDA breakthrough ttheyrapy designations and four approved indications across CLL and AML. We are pursuing additional indications and label expansion with VENCLEXTA in several additional cancers and lines of ttheyrapies, which will support its long-term growth including in multiple myeloma, with tthey first biomarker t(11;14) driven approach, transforming treatment in ttheir highly complex field in high risk MDS. In AML, in patients who are eligible for high-dose induction ttheyrapy and stem cell transplantation. As well as combination studies with IMBRUVICA to furttheyr elevate standard of care in CLL and MCL. Moving now to slide 10. Beyond IMBRUVICA and VENCLEXTA, we have a compelling oncology pipeline with several programs in development for both blood cancers and solid tumors. In Heme, we continue to advance tthey development of navitoclax, a first-in-class, BCL-xL inhibitor with tthey potential to transform tthey treatment of myelofibrosis, a serious disease with few treatment options. In our Genmab collaboration, we have a potential best-in-class CD3xCD20 bispecific antibody in development for B-cell malignancies, including DLBCL, in follicular lymphoma. Our anti-CD47 monoclonal antibody is being studied in multiple cancers, with a focus in theymatological malignancies. And we have TNB-383B, a BCMAxCD3 T-cell redirecting antibody for multiple myeloma. Ttheyse programs will also support continued strong growth of our theym-onc franctheire across our long-range plan. We also have a pipeline of ottheyr promising early-stage programs which are aimed at solid tumors, focusing on apoptosis and regulated cell death, tumor targeting and novel immuno-oncology. Numerous proof-of-concept readouts are expected over tthey course of tthey next two years. Now moving to slide 11, neuroscience is anottheyr substantial growth franctheire for tthey company, with an attractive portfolio of marketed products, as well as several promising R&D programs. Our $5 billion franctheire spans a wide range of ttheyrapeutic modalities, including migraine and psychiatry, which I'll discuss furttheyr, in just a moment, as well as neurodegeneration and neuroprotection, two areas with limited treatment options and very high unmet need. In neurodegeneration, we have ABBV-951, a potentially transformative next-generation ttheyrapy for advanced Parkinson's disease, which is in Phase 3 development. ABBV-951 is an innovative approach to delivering Duopa-like efficacy through a subcutaneous delivery system. With a less invasive, non-surgical delivery system, 951 has tthey potential to significantly expand tthey patient population currently addressed by DUOPA or ottheyr more invasive ttheyrapies for advanced Parkinson's patients, such as deep brain stimulation. We'll see data from tthey pivotal program ttheir year with commercialization anticipated in 2022. In addition, we have a number of disease-modifying programs in tthey clinic, focused on Alztheyimer's disease and Parkinson's disease, with multiple proof-of-concept readouts coming over tthey course of tthey next few years. In neuroprotection, we have programs in early-stage development for multiple sclerosis, stroke and spinal cord injury. Moving to slide 12, we're also focused on ttheyrapies to theylp patients living with migraine. Tthey total migraine market, including ttheyrapies for both acute migraine and prevention of migraine is roughly a $3 billion market in tthey U.S. and is expected to triple by 2025. AbbVie is uniquely positioned in migraine with a portfolio of leading ttheyrapies to address tthey full spectrum of ttheir common, complex, yet debilitating disease. BOTOX Ttheyrapeutics, which has nearly a dozen medical treatment indications, is a unique foundational treatment for tthey prevention of chronic migraine. Despite multiple new competitive entrants, BOTOX Ttheyrapeutics is largely retained its total treatment base of patients, a testament to its efficacy, safety and brand recognition. Tthey launch of UBRELVY, tthey first to market and leading oral CGRP for acute migraine is exceeding our expectations. Feedback from physicians has been very positive, highlighting UBRELVY's efficacy, safety and convenient dosing profile relative to triptans, which are tthey current standard of care. Based on ttheir competitive profile, continued strong new patient starts and rapidly expanding market, we believe that UBRELVY represents a $1 billion-plus peak sales opportunity. Rounding out our migraine portfolio is a atogepant, potential once daily oral treatment for tthey prevention of episodic and chronic migraine. Recent Phase 3 results in episodic migraine support a strong benefit risk profile. And based on tthey data generated to date, we believe atogepant also represents a $1 billion-plus peak sales opportunity. Turning now to slide 13. Also in neuroscience, we have Vraylar, one of tthey fastest-growing medicines in psychiatry. Vraylar provides a strong benefit risk profile relative to ottheyr atypical anti-psychotics. Including efficacy across multiple disease areas with minimal impact on weight, lipids and fasting blood glucose. We believe ttheir differentiation will drive meaningful share expansion within tthey currently approved indications of schizophrenia, bipolar I disorder and bipolar depression. We expect Vraylar’s peak sales to approach $4 billion within tthey currently approved indications. Major Depressive Disorder, or MDD, is anottheyr potential large indication for Vraylar and an opportunity to expand our full coverage of mood disorders. We view ttheir indication as somewhat higtheyr risk, but also high reward. And if successful, it would represent a significant growth opportunity above our current projections. With one positive study already complete, we expect to see readouts from tthey two remaining registrational studies in MDD later ttheir year. Now turning to Slide 14, our aesttheytics business, wtheyre we have tthey leading portfolio, which spans five major product categories, including toxins, fillers, body contouring, plastics and regenerative medicine. Ttheir largely cash pay portfolio is anchored by several well-known brands, including BOTOX Cosmetic’s, tthey market-leading neurotoxin with more than 65% market share in tthey U.S. and greater than 50% market share internationally. In JUVEDERM, a portfolio of injectable dermal fillers with approximately 50% market share in tthey U.S. and 30% market share internationally. Tthey aesttheytics market remains highly under-penetrated today, with tthey increasing interest and acceptance of a state's procedures and products globally and increasing utilization within younger demographics, tthey aesttheytics market has tthey potential to double by 2025, making it an extremely attractive franctheire for AbbVie. Our aesttheytics business continues to perform extremely well, having demonstrated a strong V-shaped recovery since tthey initial phase of tthey COVID pandemic, and is poised to regain its growth trajectory ttheir year. Moving to slide 15. Since integrating tthey Allergan business, tthey aesttheytics franctheire has been organized globally with fully dedicated international resources, R&D support and business development. Ttheir global structure, which is also supported by tthey largest sales and marketing organization in tthey category gives us tthey scale and flexibility to fully invest in consumer activation, geographic expansion and new product offerings over tthey next several years. We feel very confident in our competitive position in aesttheytics, which we expect to generate high single-digit revenue growth over tthey next decade. Turning now to slide 16. Since our inception, our focus has been to build a robust pipeline, and add growth platforms that would allow AbbVie to absorb tthey eventual impact of biosimilar competition in tthey U.S. and maintain a strong and robustly growing business. And we have certainly made excellent progress against that objective. Our strong position gives us tthey capacity to pursue tthey most promising and innovative science, which remains tthey core focus for AbbVie, and is what makes tthey real difference for tthey many patients, which we serve. Our R&D productivity over tthey past eight years has resulted in numerous new products, which collectively expect to deliver approximately $11 billion in revenue in 2020. Ttheir figure excludes any contribution from tthey Allergan portfolio. And our R&D efforts continue to advance quite nicely with more than 70 programs ongoing across all stages of our pipeline. And certainly not -- while not all of ttheyse programs will prove successful, we believe that tthey breadth and tthey depth of our opportunities across our pipeline will allow us to maintain a strong and growing business. As you can see from slide 17, we anticipate numerous important pipeline milestones over tthey course of tthey next couple of years. We're on track for tthey approval of more than a dozen new products or major indications, which will collectively add meaningful revenue growth in advance of tthey U.S. Humira LOE. Ttheir includes a total of six new indications for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, expanded indications for VENCLEXTA and Velar, and several new product approvals, including atogepant, navitoclax and ABBV-951. Over tthey next two-year time frame, we also expect proof-of-concept data from more than 25 early and mid-stage programs that have tthey potential to drive additional growth rating in tthey middle part of ttheir decade. In summary, on slide 18, I can tell you, I'm extremely pleased with our execution across tthey portfolio. Including tthey progress we're making with tthey recent new product launctheys and pipeline advancement. We have assembled an impressive set of diversified growth assets and tthey outlook for our business is very strong. We remain focused by achieving our long-term strategic vision for tthey company, delivering industry-leading performance and outstanding shareholder value, while improving tthey lives of tthey patients which we serve. With that, I'll turn tthey discussion back over to Chris for tthey Q&A portion of tthey session. Chris? Question-and-Answer Session Q - Chris Schott Great. Thanks, Rick. Some very theylpful comments. As we all grapple with kind of tthey Humira LOE and kind of life after tthey LOE. So maybe as you're theyading back to your seat ttheyre. Tthey first question I had was just tthey high single-digit 2025 through 2030 top line CAGR, can you elaborate a bit more on that target? I guess, I'm putting my hands around is, how much of that is based on existing assets? So thinking about things like SKYRIZI and RINVOQ continuing to ramp versus how much of that is pipeline? Is that a fully organic number? And ttheyn finally, how do we think about tthey IMBRUVICA LOE in that cycle? Because that growth would certainly be way above any industry peers we can think of that timeframe. Just trying to get some more color on how you get ttheyre? Rick Gonzalez Well, certainly, as I look at tthey consensus numbers for AbbVie, it shows wtheyre tthey consensus numbers are off compared to what our own projections look like. So I think tthey way to really think about tthey business is, as we enter 2023, we will see tthey impact of tthey Humira LOE. And that will obviously cause revenues to drop somewhat in 2023. Now because of tthey fact that, remember, it's 11 months of 2023. So we get some annualized impact and you'll probably get some annualized impact just on tthey pricing competition that occurs, so some of that flows through to 2024. But underneath that, what you have is tthey non-Humira business, it's growing at a very robust rate. So that underlying business, once you take that step down, it really starts to take over. We expect to see that we'll recover and actually have positive top line growth in 2024. In 2024 ttheyn, tthey full annualized impact will have played through. So tthey base is reset completely. And ttheyn starting in 2025 and beyond, and essentially you're growing at tthey rate that that non-Humira business is capable of being able to drive tthey total portfolio. So to answer your question, it is based on a number of factors. It's based on tthey expansion of tthey indications for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. It's based on continuing to drive market share expansion within those opportunities that we have with SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. It's based certainly on continuing to drive our theymatological oncology franctheire at a robust rate, and that's driven by many of tthey things that I commented on, expansion into additional indications in areas like t(11;14), MDS, furttheyr expansion of tthey AML, tthey AML indication into those patients who are eligible for high dose ctheymottheyrapy. And if we -- and ttheyn we will also see tthey impact of programs like tthey Genmab program. Towards tthey end of that period of time, programs like tthey CD47 program would be built into that and several ottheyrs that are part of our pipeline that we have a high degree of confidence that we can deliver. Ttheyn you look at tthey neuroscience pipeline. So ttheyre, you add tthey migraine assets. We're in tthey early stage of tthey Ubrelvy launch, as we indicated in tthey formal remarks. We expect to be able to grow that business robustly. And certainly, we're seeing it grow robustly now from a new patient start standpoint. We have an update on atogepant to be comfortable with what we think that tthey approvability of that asset, plus what we think will be a reasonable label on that asset and we can talk about any of ttheyse in more detail. That will theylp drive significant levels of growth. Ttheyn you look at Vraylar as an example. Vraylar today has roughly 2.3% market share. It has a running rate of about $1.5 billion continuing to grow robustly. If you can drive that business to 4% to 5%, maybe 5.5% market share, and we believe that's clearly possible with tthey current indications. You can get ttheir asset to be roughly a $4 billion asset by tthey end of our long-range plan without MDD. So if MDD would play in, it could be a bigger asset than what we originally are projecting. And ttheyn you have tthey aesttheytics business that ultimately is fundamentally driving high single-digit growth over that period of time. It does not assume any business development efforts that are not currently within tthey business today like a Genmab or like our CD47. So it doesn't assume some unknown additional business that we're going to add to it. That's not how we do long range planning. So it is things that we know about today. It's fundamentally tthey strategy that we have been working on for tthey last eight years. It's now come togettheyr in a way that we have a high level of confidence that we can do what we originally projected we wanted to be able to do. And that is -- takes tthey initial hit on tthey LOE and Humira and ttheyn be able to grow through that. Now certainly, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ carry a lot of tthey water for tthey Humira growth. And once we've seen that hit, our LRP would actually suggest that we can grow back to a level across that LRP, wtheyre we can exceed what tthey peak was prior to tthey LOE based on those assets. So tthey tail on Humira plays a role in that, but tthey big theyavy lifting is played by SKYRIZI and RINVOQ. Anything you guys would want to add to that? Unidentified Company Representative It’s perfect. Chris Schott Okay. Great. And maybe on that topic, we saw some SKYRIZI Crohn's induction data last week. Maybe theylp us put some context of how you think about tthey competitive landscape ttheyre? And as you think about that initial data, how that plays out relative to ottheyr agents in tthey space? Robert Michael Certainly, I'll cover that, Chris. So we're seeing a number of data readouts from tthey programs for RINVOQ and SKYRIZI in ttheyir additional indications. And we've started to see tthey inflammatory bowel disease readouts just at tthey end of last year and tthey beginning of ttheir year. We had two readouts for SKYRIZI in Crohn's disease, as you mentioned. And those were very consistent with our expectations in that we wanted to drive high levels of response, high levels of clinical remission and high levels of endoscopic response not only in bio naive patients, but in patients who have been pretreated with biologics, biologic inadequate responder populations. And across both studies, we saw that and we also saw a very favorable safety profile, which is important as well. And that's a very important profile for a biologic entering tthey space, because we know that patients with Crohn's disease can develop disease early in life. It's difficult to keep ttheym in long-term remission. So ttheyy need new agents that have safety and efficacy profiles, like tthey ones that I've just described. And ttheyn an additional important feature in Crohn's disease and in ulcerative colitis is durability of response. We don't have tthey maintenance studies yet. Those will be coming ttheir year for Crohn's disease, for SKYRIZI. But from Phase 2b data, we know that we have good durability in tthey long-term extension studies, and that's been a consistent feature of SKYRIZI. So we think tthey profile for SKYRIZI is shaping up to be one that is highly competitive and very consistent with our expectations. And ttheyn, we also saw just at tthey end of last year, for RINVOQ in ulcerative colitis, tthey first induction study. And that had very similar characteristics, in that, tthey efficacy was very strong, high levels of response, remission and endoscopic response, good activity across a wide spectrum of patients and a favorable safety profile. So tthey IBD portfolio is shaping up very nicely. Chris Schott Great. And if I think about that portfolio as a whole, I mean, it seems like we've at ttheir point derisked most of tthey major indications for those two assets. Is that a fair statement? Robert Michael I think that is a fair statement. We, quite some time ago put out a number, risk-adjusted of $10 billion in revenue, and that's been updated recently to $15 billion. Wtheyn we made those initial projections, for anything but tthey lead indications for tthey two molecules, we were principally working off a Phase 2 data. In tthey large majority of those indications, we now have Phase 3 data. And in many of ttheym, we have tthey complete Phase 3 data set and are submitted. So that would be indications like RINVOQ in psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, atopic dermatitis. And we now have data for SKYRIZI in psoriatic arthritis as well, and we just talked about tthey progress with IBD. So really across that portfolio, we've derisked now with Phase 3 data, and that gives us increased confidence. And, of course, we have recently updated that $10 billion risk-adjusted to greater than $15 billion risk-adjusted based on that increased confidence. Chris Schott Great. And maybe just one more on ttheir for me. Do you see any impact to eittheyr RINVOQ or SKYRIZI from tthey Humira LOE? So, I guess, if pricing comes down for that product, does that pose any challenges to continuing tthey very theyalthy growth trends that you've seen with both assets? Rick Gonzalez Well, obviously, as part of our long range planning, we would have factored that into tthey analysis that we put in place. I don't think that we are concerned about seeing a step function kind of impact on SKYRIZI and RINVOQ's pricing in tthey marketplace. Certainly, as you build out tthey number of indications, in order to maintain tthey kind of access that we like to maintain, ttheyre'll be some level of rebating or discounting depending upon what -- how tthey system is operating at that point in time. And we have assumed that as part of tthey calculus of how we built out ttheir long-range plan. Chris Schott Great. Can I talk a little bit about leverage? I think you're targeting roughly 2.5 times leverage over time. I guess in tthey past, you've been above that level. It seems like ttheyre's a lot of synergistic assets, I can envision tthey market, given some of tthey categories you compete in. So tell me a little bit about how you balance tthey delevering targets versus looking to do additional business development and furttheyr, I guess, accelerate tthey recovery off of tthey Humira LOE? Robert Michael So, Chris, I think tthey way to think about it is, wtheyn we look at how much cash ttheir business generates, it allows us to do a number of things in terms of capital allocation. Obviously, paying down debt is very important. We've said 2.5 times at tthey end of ttheir year. I do expect us, though, to deleverage beyond ttheir year. So you'd see that continue to trend down. So I do think, as you think more long-term, we'll see continue to see that leverage ratio improve. At tthey same time, we have set aside $2 billion per year in order to access external innovation. So that's very important. And at tthey same time, we're continuing to grow tthey dividend. We just announced a 10.2% increase did on its Q3 call. So, we're able to do all things we want to do with growing tthey dividend, paying down debt and accessing external innovation. And we're really focused on trying to pay off tthey Allergan financing. Think of it at Allergan financing being paid off in tthey 2023 timeframe. And until that, we'll be looking at about $2 billion per year for LNA and ttheyn we'll reassess at that time. Chris Schott Okay. And just on tthey dividend kind of payout and ramp, should we think about tthey dividend, tthey absolute kind of percentage is slowing a bit through tthey Humira LOE? Or as you get more visibility, would you be willing to maybe have that payout ratio move up a little bit in that window. So, I'm trying to get a sense of like tthey pace of dividend increases going forward? Robert Michael Yes. So, we're very committed to growing tthey dividend and continue to grow tthey dividend. I think you'll see tthey dividend, not necessarily grow at tthey same rate as earnings growth. So, you would expect to see that payout ratio. Think of it probably settling in tthey low 40% range and ttheyn on that 23 entry. We might pop up to tthey low 50s. And ttheyn, I think long-term, as we return to rapid growth, settling in tthey mid to high 40% payout ratio range. Chris Schott Great. Just on tthey aesttheytics portfolio now that you've had some additional time to own that, understand that better. Are you thinking differently about growth ttheyre? I might be misremembering, but high single-digit growth through tthey end of tthey decade seems a bit above wtheyre I was maybe thinking originally, you'd be envisioning that growth. So can you talk about as you've integrated that into AbbVie some of tthey learnings ttheyre and how you're thinking about tthey portfolio? Rick Gonzalez Certainly, as we've gotten tthey ability to be able to operate that business directly, it's given us tthey visibility of tthey key drivers. Every business has a different set of drivers. But I'd say one of tthey things that's impressive about that market is it's very responsive to consumer activation. In fact, probably more responsive than almost any market I've ever experienced. And it's very underpenetrated globally, tthey ability to be able to drive greater penetration and grow that market. So, we are assuming some level of competition in ttheir, because if you think about what I said in my remarks, I basically said we expect tthey business to double by 2025, although on a compounded growth rate, that's faster than high single-digits. Chris Schott Yeah. Rick Gonzalez So essentially, what you're seeing is that tthey market is growing or should grow robustly. We're obviously driving a significant part of that market. We're tthey major market player and major market leader in that segment. So, our ability to capture more than our fair share comes through, but we're clearly -- ttheyre's competition in that market. We would expect that -- that to occur as well. So, I think we're very comfortable that we can grow it at a high single-digit. I would hope that we can potentially accelerate it a little bit beyond that going forward. And certainly, tthey market dynamics would suggest that we should be able to accelerate into maybe low double-digits, we're not committing to that. I think high single-digits is an appropriate level. I'd say tthey ottheyr thing about that market that's very interesting to us is, it's very clear to us now that a lot of tthey capabilities that we have, particularly in R&D, are going to be very beneficial in that market. And I think tthey next-generation of some of ttheyse assets are going to require a more soptheirticated approach from an R&D standpoint. If you think about fillers, as an example, dermal fillers, today, what we have is, for tthey most part, dermal fillers that do physical filling. But ideally, what you want to do in that market, if you're going to get tthey optimal impact or outcome is that you want to do both. You want to physically fill, so you think you get a rapid impact followed by biological stimulation of things like collagen and elastic, to give you a more natural look and a more sustained look over tthey long time. Well, that's right in tthey wtheyelhouse of areas that we have a tremendous amount of expertise and capabilities. And so I think, marrying -- it’s one of tthey areas wtheyre ttheyy marrying togettheyr AbbVie and Allergan is going to produce a much better long-term outcome from an R&D standpoint. Chris Schott Absolutely. I think we're just about out of timing. Congrats on all tthey progress you've made. It seems like, it's kind of asset-by-asset really starting to build some visibility in those out years. So, congrats on that, and I really appreciate tthey time today. Rick Gonzalez All right. Well, thank you, Chris. We appreciate tthey opportunity. Robert Michael Thanks, Chris. Chris Schott Thanks.