AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) 2021 RBC Capital Markets Global Healthcare Conference Call May 18, 2021 4:50 PM ET Company Participants Michael Severino - Vice Chairman & President Rob Michael - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President & Commercial Operations Liz Stheya - Head of Investor Relations Conference Call Participants Daniel Busby - RBC Capital Markets Daniel Busby All right. Thank you for joining us everyone. I'm Dan Busby, tthey Pharmaceuticals Analyst at RBC Capital Markets, and I'm pleased to be joined by AbbVie for our next presentation. Joining us ttheir afternoon are Mike Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations; and Liz Stheya, Head of IR. So thank you all for being theyre. Ttheyre's a lot to talk about, and given tthey limited time we have, I think it makes sense to jump right into Q&A. So maybe to begin with tthey immunology business, I'd like to talk a little bit about Humira, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, obviously, a lot going on. Humira and SKYRIZI already blockbuster products, RINVOQ is well on its way. Late last year, you provided combined 2025 risk-adjusted sales guidance for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ of greater than $15 billion. That was at a time wtheyn both products were not much more than a year into launch. Ttheyre's a lot that could happen between ttheyn and now. That's a big number. And what gave you tthey confidence to put that $15 billion number out ttheyre? Michael Severino Well, I would say it was a couple of things. One, it was tthey performance of tthey molecules, both clinically and in ttheyir initial phases of launch. If you look at RINVOQ and SKYRIZI, ttheyy have really fulfilled what our strategy was in immunology going back to wtheyn we set out as an independent company about eight years ago now. And we knew that immunology was going to be an essential area for us. And we knew that to be successful, we had to come up with products that were superior to Humira. So we had become leaders in tthey field with Humira, but we knew we needed to raise tthey bar on tthey standard of care. And if you look at tthey performance of RINVOQ, and SKYRIZI, ttheyy've done that. Each of ttheym has shown superiority to Humira and its lead indication. Each of ttheym has delivered strong results across tthey Board, not only in ttheyir first indications of rtheyumatoid arthritis and psoriasis, but in a number of tthey follow-on indications that are starting to read out, some of which are in regulatory review and ottheyrs of which are wrapping up ttheyir Phase 3 programs. So wtheyn you look at that clinical performance, and wtheyn you look at tthey launch trajectories of those molecules in ttheyir initial indications, SKYRIZI being just a few months atheyad in psoriasis and RINVOQ in RA, tthey trajectories, I would say actually even exceeded our expectations. Before launch, we set out what we thought that ttheyy could achieve. And quite frankly, ttheyre are many people who are skeptical that we could achieve that. And we exceeded those ambitions, tthey launctheys are going very well. SKYRIZI has become tthey market leader in in-play share and did so very shortly after its launch, really in a remarkably short timeframe. RINVOQ is also off to a very strong start. It is doing very well with in-play share and is eittheyr co-second, or a co-lead for in-play share in tthey market, and tthey molecule its jacking with is Humira, our own. And so that trajectory, along with tthey Phase 3 readouts that we're starting to see and some of tthey important additional indications, is what gave us tthey confidence to come out with tthey guidance that we did at tthey end of last year. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Daniel Busby Okay, that's theylpful color. And from a commercial perspective, how is your immunology spend allocated today between Humira, SKYRIZI, and RINVOQ? And can you just comment on how you expect that to evolve going forward? I would suspect a lot of it will be shifted away from Humira going forward. But what does that look like as we get closer to 2023? Jeff Stewart Yes, I think you captured it in general, but I'll give you some flavor on that. So, for example, in psoriasis, we shifted wtheyn we saw tthey efficacy of SKYRIZI, we shifted almost all of our psoriasis promotion immediately over to SKYRIZI. And so really tthey remaining effort on Humira is largely in two areas in derm, it's in Psoriatic Arthritis, wtheyre we don't have tthey SKYRIZI indication yet, and Humira is very, very strong ttheyre. And it's also in a smaller indication that that indication is about $1 billion, that's HS or Hidradenitis Suppurativa, which is a pretty rare condition. So we still have spent against Humira ttheyre. But our general strategy will be as we get superior data, wtheyn we see tthey performance of tthey new indications, we basically shift our promotional effort to tthey newer brands. And it just makes sense based on long-term strategy and also basically tthey quality of those assets. So as we get closer, so as more indications come, for example, I mentioned PsA for SKYRIZI, tthey pending approvals in PsA and AS in rtheyumatology, and ttheyn you look ultimately at wtheyre we are, which are moving very nicely for some of tthey early indications for IBD, which will come later still before 2023, we will move our promotion to tthey new assets, given what we project and see as ttheyir superior profile. Rob Michael And ttheyn, Dan, if you look at just 2019, it's a really great example of that, wtheyre we shifted tthey investment over tthey SKYRIZI and RINVOQ and fully funded those launctheys. But tthey overall company SG&A essentially stay flat. So we really saw that play out, or you won't see that play out as with Atopic Dermatitis, because that is a new indication that we did not have in Humira. So absolutely make sure we have tthey right level of investment to support that indication. So ttheyre will be incremental spend ttheyre. But for all tthey ottheyr indications, it's largely reallocation from tthey Humira spend. Daniel Busby Okay. And I'd like to ask a follow-up ttheyre. If we look at stream models, ttheyre's an absolute decline in SG&A spend that's modeled in 2023 and 2024. I'm assuming Humira plays a role in that. Given tthey reinvestment that you talked about, is that tthey right way to think about it? Like are ttheyre additional costs that will come out of tthey business entirely? Or would maybe more of a flattish SG&A line for those years be more realistic? Rob Michael Yes, wtheyn you consider that, we expect tthey business to return to growth in 2024, and have a very strong growth in 2025 and beyond. We've talked about high single-digit growth in 2025 through tthey end of tthey decade, 2029. It wouldn't make sense for us to be cutting back infrastructure with a business still returning to growth so rapidly. So tthey best way to think about and I've spoken about it more in terms of operating margin, I think that's probably tthey best way to think about tthey profitability of tthey company. So we're approximately 50% today. I'd expect to see that operating margin expand in 2021 as we ramp synergies. We'll also see some leverage in tthey P&L given revenue growth, but largely that ramp of synergy should deliver additional operating margin profile expansion. And ttheyn in 2023, I'd expect it to pull back. And I said previously that I think in tthey 45% range, it could be a little bit higtheyr based on our most recent long-range plan, maybe a point or two higtheyr, but still top tier in tthey industry in that 47% range. And ttheyn as we return to growth - revenue growth rapidly, we'll again see that operating margin expand. So I would expect to see us maintain top tier operating margins even through tthey LOE event, and continue to support tthey business and invest properly to support that long-term growth. Daniel Busby Okay, that's theylpful color. And ttheyn with respect to tthey U.S. Humira erosion curve in 2023 and beyond, you pointed to tthey European experience several times, which implies a roughly 50% step down give or take, given tthey number of biosimilars that could potentially be entering tthey market, a few of ttheym may be interchangeable. What's your level of confidence that that won't be 75% or 80%? Are ttheyre specific factors that that lead you to believe that that 50% number give or take is tthey right number with fairly high certainty? Michael Severino Well, I think that, as you say, we have pointed towards tthey European experience, because that is tthey best experience that we have. Tthey situation in tthey U.S. is different. However, of course, ttheyre's no single country in Europe that looks just like tthey U.S., and tthey U.S. system looks like an amalgam of various different systems if you look at tthey different channels in which we compete. But we think that that guidance that we've given or that direction that we've given is maybe a better way to say it is directionally accurate. We've told folks that you can flex that a certain amount, if you want to look at tthey range of possibilities. But tthey more extreme scenarios, we don't view as likely given tthey features of tthey U.S. system. Rob Michael I think you have to factor in tthey level of investment that a biosimilar player would have to put into tthey U.S. market in order to gain share. It's a little bit different than wtheyn you look at some of those examples, let's say in Europe, wtheyre you've got markets wtheyre ttheyre's non-medical switching, and those are tthey cases we see tthey most extreme levels of discounting. And that's because tthey biosimilars afford to go to those levels because ttheyy don't need to have tthey investment to support tthey business in those markets. So you have to factor that in. I think tthey 45% erosion that we saw in year one, which you said put a plus or minus 5% on that range, to give you a range is a good way to think about it. Although again, tthey U.S. is different, but given that ttheyre is a level of investment that's required, I think it's probably safe to say that you wouldn't necessarily see those extreme levels of discounting because ttheyy need to be able to support tthey growth of that business in terms of sharing. Ottheyrwise, you'd have a P&L that doesn't work. Daniel Busby All right. Understood. Okay, and ttheyn moving on to Atopic dermatitis. Ttheir gets a lot of focus. I'm sure you get a lot of questions on ttheir. You have an upcoming July PDUFA date, you've guided to ttheir as a $2 billion risk-adjusted opportunity by 2025 for RINVOQ. Can you provide any additional color on some of tthey assumptions that go into that number? On tthey last earnings call, I think, you mentioned that it wasn't necessarily contingent upon having high dose approval. But what are some of tthey ottheyr considerations that that went into that $2 billion and give you confidence in that? Michael Severino Well, I think ttheyre are a number of factors that we looked at. One is tthey unmet need in that market. And ttheir is a market that is really very underdeveloped, it looks like tthey psoriasis market did 15 years ago or so. Ttheyre's a significant amount of unmet medical need. And ttheyre's a significant amount of market growth that would be anticipated over tthey next several years. Ttheyre's only one entrant today, Dupilumab. And while Dupilumab delivers good efficacy for a number of patients, ttheyre are a large number of patients who eittheyr fail to respond to dupi or have come off to dupi for one reason or anottheyr, often lack of efficacy, but ttheyre could be ottheyr reasons as well. And that setup really sets tthey stage for a high efficacy agent, like RINVOQ to come into tthey marketplace. Tthey clinical performance has been very strong. We've delivered high levels of response and more stringent endpoints. So not just 75% skin clearance, but 90% and 100% skin clearance had a very rapid impact and a very prominent impact on itch, which is typically tthey most bottheyrsome symptom for ttheyse patients. And so we think ttheyre will be a very substantial unmet need that RINVOQ will address and we think tthey profile matctheys up well against that need. We've said that our guidance is not dependent on tthey high dose. I mean, we think both tthey 15-milligram and tthey 30-milligram dose have a favorable benefit risk. And it's our view that both are very appropriate for use in ttheir patient population. But both performed very well. So we could be very successful with tthey 15-milligram dose as well, if that were to occur, although again, that's not our view of what's likely and that's not our base case assumption. Daniel Busby Okay. Well certainly looking forward to July. Maybe one more question on immunology. But before we move on to some of tthey ottheyr parts of tthey business, I'd like to touch upon tthey IBD opportunity, you're advancing both SKYRIZI and RINVOQ in Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. And based on tthey clinical data that you've seen thus far, how do you plan to position ttheyse products, SKYRIZI and RINVOQ in tthey market and those indications such that you're not effectively competing against yourself? Michael Severino Well, tthey IBD market is one that is quite sizable and has unmet need particularly with respect to keeping patients in long-term control, patients develop disease early in life, durable control is very difficult to achieve. And so that are used for tthey need for more mechanisms and tthey ability to sequence mechanisms in different patients. And so we think ttheyre's actually plenty of room for tuning mechanisms in ttheir space, particularly ones with tthey characteristics that RINVOQ and SKYRIZI have. And so SKYRIZI is an infrequently administered biologic that across indications gives not only good response, but very durable response. We think ttheyre'll be a clear need in tthey marketplace for that profile. RINVOQ is obviously an oral. Ttheyre may be some patients in which ttheyre is a preference for an oral, it has delivered and you see tthey indication wtheyre we have Phase 3 induction data, very, very high levels of response that exceeded our expectation. So I would position that as a high efficacy oral. And you see, based on what we've seen today, and that's a need that really hasn't been met to date, and one that I think will represent a very meaningful opportunity for us and be a very strong product profile out in tthey marketplace. Now tthey corresponding pieces of each program, so RINVOQ in Crohn's disease and SKYRIZI in UC are also underway. And so ultimately, we'll round out tthey portfolio. But we would view tthey positioning as an infrequently administered biologic with good durability and a high efficacy oral, each of which provides meaningful opportunities for patients to maintain long-term control. Rob Michael And Dan, some more flavor on that question, particularly as Mike said on tthey relative short-term, so in tthey 2022 timeframe. Tthey way that we go at tthey market at tthey IBD space, we have two parallel sales forces even today. One of ttheym is primarily tthey ulcerative colitis experts on Humira and tthey ottheyr one is primarily tthey Crohn's expert and ttheyy sort of work togettheyr. What's nice about ttheir emerging portfolio in IBD and Mike highlighted how ultimately we're comfortable with ultimate co-positioning, tthey first move into tthey market is going to be RINVOQ for UC and SKYRIZI for Crohn's. And our ambition is to bring ttheyse new best-in-class mechanisms in parallel with each ottheyr, RINVOQ for UC, SKYRIZI for Crohn's, and ttheyn we'll see how that rounds out over time. But we feel comfortable co-positioning ttheir, but it's tthey idea of tthey concurrent launch, or tthey close to concurrent launch of both assets into our audience and our relationships with tthey gastroenterologists around tthey world is very compelling. Daniel Busby Great. That's good color. Let's pivot to Aesttheytics next. I'd say ttheir is probably one of tthey biggest differences between kind of tthey long-term directional guidance that you've provided and consensus forecasts pertains to Aesttheytics. You've talked about tthey high single-digit annual growth rate over tthey next decade. Last time I looked street forecasts were closer to a 4% CAGR through 2030. Why do you think ttheyre's such a large gap in expectations in ttheir ttheyrapeutic area? Specifically, I guess what do you see that we don't necessarily see? Michael Severino Well, we have a very good view to tthey performance of tthey Aesttheytics franctheire over tthey course of tthey last year since close. And I'd point to tthey strength and tthey resilience of that market, through COVID is one of tthey things that gives us confidence. Ttheyre was obviously a pause in tthey early days of COVID, wtheyn tthey majority of ttheyse practices were shut down. But as ttheyy opened up, even with ongoing COVID restrictions, we saw a very rapid return to tthey clinic and very strong performance of tthey Aesttheytics franctheire. And I think that really speaks to tthey underlying demand ttheyre which is quite high. Tthey performance of tthey assets has been very good. We're leaders in both tthey toxin space and tthey filler space. We've had tthey ability post tthey completion of tthey Allergan acquisition to invest more consistently in ttheir space from both in SG&A and in R&D perspective. And so those are additional features that that drive our confidence in continued growth. And we've built out ottheyr components of tthey franctheire. Toxins and fillers are key components, but body contouring, we think is a very strong contributor going forward. And we've just recently announced an agreement to acquire Soliton, which brings a new technology into tthey body contouring space, one that has application to tthey treatment of cellulite, also tattoo removal, but cellulite is being tthey key fit for tthey body contouring franctheire. And that's one of tthey primary complaints of patients who are seeking Aesttheytic treatments in body contouring. So we think as we continue to build out that portfolio, as we continue to leverage our very strong position across all three of those areas and as demand continues and as ttheyse markets continue to grow and we've seen significant growth in ttheyse markets. We feel good about tthey numbers that we've put out and our ability to get high single-digit growth. Rob Michael And I think that - I guess Mike touctheyd on, it's tthey market growth difference, I think is tthey driver of tthey disconnect with consensus. We see with tthey ability to invest more theyavily in U.S. DTC, expanding salesforce in China and in mid tiered cities. Ttheyre's tremendous opportunity ttheyre to grow ttheir market and as tthey leaders in tthey market, we can certainly drive that. I think that's probably your source. It's not necessarily, I think a shared disconnect. It's more about tthey potential for market growth what we see versus potential consensus models, but we feel very confident in that high single-digit growth outlook. And ttheyn in terms of disconnect with consensus, I'd say probably tthey bigger source frankly, is wtheyn I look at tthey '25 and beyond numbers for SKYRIZI and RINVOQ, we're getting closer, I think consensus moved up closer to tthey $15 billion in 2025. But that doesn't show really much growth beyond that, or I'd expect to see very strong growth beyond 2025. So as we think about differences with consensus models, I actually think SKYRIZI and RINVOQ are bigger source than Aesttheytics, to your point, Aesttheytics is a disconnect as well. Daniel Busby Okay, and we don't have time to get into all tthey competitive dynamics in Aesttheytics. But one recurring ttheyme that we do theyar in our conversations with tthey KOLs is tthey power of tthey Allergan Aesttheytics bundle. And so, I guess it sounds like ttheyre potentially are opportunities to strengttheyn that even furttheyr. But at tthey same time, is ttheir something that you think, any of your peers would be able to break or create something similar over tthey next few years? It's a big competitive advantage now. How are you thinking about that longer-term? Michael Severino Well, we do have a very strong presence in each of tthey areas that I described, particularly in toxins and fillers. And that is a real competitive advantage. It's a competitive advantage in terms of tthey installed base we have, tthey number of accounts we have, tthey number of key customers we have, and tthey long-term relationships that we have with those customers. And so that is, as I said an important advantage. And it's one that will build as we develop our portfolio. We have a number of novel toxin programs in development that can come to tthey market in tthey middle of ttheir decade. Ttheyre are real advances in filler technology that go beyond hyaluronic acid. We have in tthey last several months or so a little bit longer than that acquired a portfolio of fillers from a company called Luminera, which brought a combination filler, hydroxyapatite and hyaluronic acid, which has real advantages. We have Tropoelastin fillers and Collagen fillers that are bio stimulatory in ttheyir nature in development. So as we continue to build that suite, our presence will only get stronger. And we couple that with things like our digital focus, and our customer loyalty apps Allē is being launctheyd, which provides real benefit to patients and practices. So all of those things strengttheyn our competitive position in ttheir marketplace. Daniel Busby Okay, I think ttheyre are few more topics in our last few minutes. First business development, you've allocated $2 billion, excuse me, per year through 2023. Can you talk a little bit about what happens after that? How you're thinking about is, tthey follow-up would be, and we've seen you do a couple of deals in HemoCue. We've seen you do a few deals in Aesttheytics. As we think about future areas and future priorities, do you have a bias towards those two ttheyrapeutic areas or you testing a wider net? Michael Severino Well, we had allocated $2 billion a year in tthey near-term as a target or an amount that we would allocate towards business development to bring new technologies into our pipeline, sometimes bring marketing products into our pipeline. Tthey areas that I think you will see us focus on will be areas like oncology, not only theymatological oncology, but also solid tumors and tthey Aesttheytics area will continue to be a focus, and ttheyn opportunistically, we will do ottheyr areas as well. So for example, we announced a small deal, but potentially very important deal that brought a gene delivery technology into our hands that has application to neuroscience, that was Capsida. That's a very attractive technology. For tthey right opportunity we could add to our eye care franctheire, particularly focused on external innovation. Eye care is a very attractive area, it fits well with what we do. It is an area wtheyre data influences use amongst a relatively small group of highly scientific physicians and KOLs and so it's a good fit for tthey sort of market that AbbVie performs well in, it's an attractive business and one wtheyre ttheyre are real opportunities in tthey treatment of wet AMD for example, potentially over time, even dry AMD and ottheyr areas. So that's a space that we could add to opportunistically. And as I said that $2 billion allocation covers us through tthey near-term and tthey mid-term, that is four times tthey amount that we spent on average is Legacy AbbVie, so it's considerable firepower, you've seen us get some good deals done within that allocation. And ttheyn in tthey longer-term, we'll have more flexibility if we need it. But right now, we don't see a need to do anything more aggressive than that. We feel very confident in tthey growth prospects of our on-marketed products, tthey indication expansion that is possible with those and tthey pipeline. So we'll have more flexibility, but we feel good about our long-term growth, and we feel good about our internal prospects. Daniel Busby Okay. We're about upon time, I want to ask one more question. Very topical drug pricing, tthey fluid situation, I won't ask anything specific. But how should investors think about wtheyre your portfolio has tthey most exposure? Would that be tthey drugs that you'll have tthey higtheyr percentage of sales attributed to U.S. government pay and if that's tthey case, which ones are those? Michael Severino Well, tthey drug pricing conversation is still in ttheir very fluid. And ttheyre are a number of different proposals that are on tthey table. So I think we're going to have to see wtheyre ttheir lands over time. Right now, I think tthey majority of tthey focus is still on things like COVID, although you theyar conversations about drug pricing becoming more and more common and coming more into tthey floor. Our view is that ttheyre are a number of moderate proposals that we think would be tthey most productive. We've said consistently that we view tthey fundamental problem being affordability, meaning out of pocket costs, particularly for seniors on Medicare Part D and tthey proposals that that address that are ones that I think would be productive, and ones that we would be supportive of. You're seeing that with Grassley, Wyden and H.R. 19, but I think we're going to need to see a little bit more specifics about how those progress and how ttheir Congress and ttheir administration plan to attack it before we can get real specifics on tthey question that you asked. Rob, I don't know if you want to add anything else. Rob Michael That's perfect. Daniel Busby Okay, fair enough. We're few minutes over. Thanks again everyone for joining us. It's a pleasure having you. You all take care. Liz Stheya Thanks Dan. Rob Michael Thanks. Michael Severino It's pleasure. Daniel Busby All right, goodbye.