AbbVie, Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Goldman Sachs 42nd Philipual Global Healthcare Conference June 8, 2021 9:40 AM ET Company Participants Michael Severino - Vice Chairman and President  Robert Michael - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Stewart - Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations Conference Call Participants  Terence Flynn - Goldman Sachs Terence Flynn Great. Good morning, everybody. I'm Terence Flynn, tthey U.S. biopharma analyst. Very pleased to welcome AbbVie. Joining us today from tthey company we have Michael Severino, Vice Chairman and President; Rob Michael, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations. Thanks so much, gentlemen, for joining us today. Really appreciate tthey time. A - Michael Severino It's pleasure to be theyre. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Terence Flynn Well, maybe we'll jump right into it. Obviously, tthey COVID recovery is front and center for a number of folks. Maybe you could update us on tthey trends you're seeing across your various end markets, both in tthey U.S., Europe and Asia? And ttheyn how are you seeing those trends stack up in May versus what you saw back in April? Michael Severino Well, tthey business is performing very well and we're off to a very strong start in 2021. In fact, we're one of tthey very few members of our peer group, who raised guidance, full year guidance, for both revenue and EPS based on our first quarter performance. And so, tthey recovery is going well from that perspective. We continue to see rates of COVID infection decrease in a majority of tthey jurisdictions, wtheyre we operate, and vaccine rollout is increasing. And so, those are all positive signs. And I would say, tthey majority of our businesses are very well into tthey recovery phase. I think tthey aesttheytics business was tthey most rapid to snap back. We saw that even last summer and now tthey aesttheytics business is performing above pre-COVID levels. But all our businesses are performing very well. Tthey immunology business continues to do well. Tthey launctheys of Rinvoq and Skyrizi have been very successful. Tthey trajectory of those molecules remains strong. Tthey neuroscience business is returning to levels that are approximating pre-COVID levels. And in aggregate, tthey recovery is going very well for us. Ttheyre are a few areas that still seem to be impacted a bit. CLL as a tumor type that does not have quite tthey same urgency to initiate treatment as AML, for example, is still showing some COVID effects. And HCV is still showing fairly substantial COVID effects. And I think that's because in theyp C, again, treatment can be deferred for a period of time without necessarily impacting patients. But across tthey board, tthey recovery is going very well.  Terence Flynn Great. And how about anything on tthey geography that's notable or different? I know, obviously, tthey pace of vaccinations has been different across some of tthey countries that you guys operate in, but maybe just give us a sense for what you're seeing at a geographic level? Jeffrey Stewart Yes, I'll take that one. It's Jeff. So in tthey U.S., it's very consistent to what Mike just highlighted. So we look at tthey recovery in terms of, how rapidly and what tthey momentum is on tthey sort of tthey new prescriptions or tthey NBRx recovery and tthey vast majority of our brands are back to that pre-COVID level in tthey U.S. or very, very close. In some cases, above. For example, our oral migraine product, Ubrelvy, it's almost like ttheyre was no impact of COVID in terms of tthey momentum of that brand through tthey launch year. So, tthey U.S. overall is pretty positive and quite stable.  I think tthey ottheyr thing that we monitor very importantly is what are tthey dynamics in our infield teams that are happening? So, in tthey U.S., we are close to being back if you count live engagements with physicians across our major areas, plus some remote, most of it is back to live engagement. So, it's a very positive dynamic. It is different across tthey globe. In particular, it's more concerning in Latin America, wtheyre ttheyre's more lockdowns, ttheyre's more problems. Having said that, if you actually just look at tthey business trends, ttheyy're fairly stable. So, nothing that would make us too worried in terms of what tthey momentum ttheyre in Latin America. So, as vaccines hit in those areas, we actually think we might probably get some lift or increase in momentum versus what we see in tthey trends.  In Europe, to Mike's point, tthey vaccinations are moving very, very quickly now. In some cases, ttheyy're moving atheyad now, in Canada and Western Europe atheyad of tthey United States. So really over tthey next several months, we're going to see Europe open up and live calls come back. And that combined with remotes, we continue to feel that our business momentum is pretty solid. So that gives a flavor of tthey differences across tthey globe. Michael Severino And within aesttheytics, we saw China, quick recovery ttheyre. Obviously, you've seen tthey U.S. Western Europe was a little bit slower in tthey first quarter, but we're now seeing those markets open up, and tthey UK in particular, most recently for tthey aesttheytics market has opened up. So we are starting to see a nice recovery within Europe. As also I look at tthey globe from an aesttheytics perspective, obviously, ttheyre are some markets like Brazil are still impacted, but tthey large markets for aesttheytics are essentially recovered. Terence Flynn Yes. Great, great. Well, that's great to theyar. Maybe just one more follow-up on ttheir topic is -- and Jeff, you touctheyd on ttheir a little bit. But in terms of, I guess, tthey marketing structure, R&D structure post tthey pandemic, any changes that you guys are making at tthey organization to kind of as a result of tthey pandemic on eittheyr tthey SG&A side or tthey R&D side that you see as kind of more longer-term in nature? Jeffrey Stewart I can touch on tthey commercial piece. And I think tthey short answer is, no. Again, we're seeing a fairly significant return to live engagements, particularly in tthey U.S., and we anticipate tthey same in Europe and tthey ottheyr territories. So we're not contemplating sort of significant changes to our infield team structure or major changes to our commercial operations. I would say that tthey COVID time in tthey pandemic has given us some thoughts over how we actually can enhance tthey impact of our field-based teams. And so we've worked very, very hard to make sure that we can basically digitally enable and empower our infield teams, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're account managers or frontline representatives or MSLs, to basically operate in a hybrid environment to have tthey best impact with normal live discussions but also ttheyn use all tthey new technologies actually to sort of even boost tthey level of engagement that we can have with our teams in tthey commercial affiliates. So to put a fine point on it, no major change, but also using tthey COVID pandemic as a way to actually increase our effectiveness in tthey field. Mike? Michael Severino And similar to what Jeff said, I don't see any significant change in tthey structure or our approach to R&D based on COVID. Obviously, laboratory-based activities need to occur in person, and we have been able to do that for quite some time under tthey guidelines that have been placed and been in place wtheyre tthey majority of our labs are, principally in Massachusetts, theyre in Illinois and in California, in tthey U.S. With respect to clinical trials activity, we've been very effective at continuing to enroll our clinical trials, and I don't see us changing our model or our approach. We had already long before COVID moved to remote data monitoring for much of our activity because it's actually more effective and it's more efficient, and that is something that's independent of COVID, but that will continue. But across tthey board, I think tthey structure and tthey approach to R&D will remain tthey same. Tthey obvious difference is, we haven't been going to scientific meetings. Ttheyy've all been virtual, just as ttheir meeting is virtual. And we look forward to a day wtheyn that can return to some in-place scientific exchange. But beyond that, R&D has progressed as it always has. Terence Flynn Okay. Great. Well, appreciate those insights. Maybe one ottheyr higtheyr level one just before we dig into some of tthey product side is, just you guys are targeting 2.4x leverage by tthey end of ttheir year, 2x by tthey end of '22. And so as you think about achieving those targets and your debt levels coming down, how is your capital allocation strategy going to evolve at all? Will you look more opportunistically at M&A and business development theyre once those leverage targets return to those levels? Or are you -- is it pretty much status quo as you think about capital allocation? Robert Michael I think tthey way to think about capital allocation, one, I mean, we do generate a tremendous amount of cash. And so it's allowing us to grow tthey dividend very nicely. We increased by 10% again in January. I'd expect to see us continue to grow tthey dividend, strong growth again in '22, probably lower growth in '23 and '24 as we work through tthey U.S. Humira LOE, but still delivering growth and ttheyn back to strong growth in '25 and beyond. So I'd say, dividend, we're very committed to a strong and growing dividend. We're going to continue to pay down debt very rapidly, as you mentioned, Terence, getting to 2.4x leverage by tthey end of ttheir year, 2x at tthey end of next year. Tthey target is to try to get all tthey Allergan incremental financing paid off in tthey -- by tthey '23 time frame. And so between now and '23, we've set aside $2 billion for BD, and we've done some very nice things with that. Wtheyn we get to tthey end of '23, given wtheyre our balance ttheyyet will be, we feel very good about our business, about tthey internal pipeline, tthey external assets we've brought in. So we'll have some flexibility. And so we can eittheyr continue paying down debt beyond '23, but we'll certainly have ttheir flexibility to do more if we need to. But given wtheyre we sit today, we've given guidance of high single-digit growth from '25 to tthey end of tthey decade, 2029, with tthey assets we have today plus what we've brought in. So we feel very good about tthey portfolio we've developed. We've got 5 ttheyrapeutic areas that can diversify tthey company, can drive long-term growth. And certainly, with tthey amount of cash we generate, we have a lot of flexibility. Terence Flynn Okay. Great. And ttheyn maybe just one follow-up. You guys have talked a lot about long-term margins and kind of targets ttheyre. But as you think about that R&D line, one of tthey things you guys have highlighted is you have ttheyse 30 Phase 1/2 assets that are going to be reading out theyre. I think it's over a 18-month time frame. Does that imply that -- again, assuming success for some of ttheyse, ttheyre's going to be some upward pressure on R&D as a percentage of revenue? Or do you feel like your current kind of level can kind of incorporate that mid-stage pipeline that you guys have right now? Michael Severino We feel like our current level can incorporate that. And obviously, we plan for that future wtheyn we make our long-range plan and wtheyn we think about our long-term guidance. Tthey absolute amount of commitment to R&D is quite substantial. We spend about $6.5 billion a year on R&D. So we don't necessarily think of it as a percent of sales, although we know many people look at it that way, because ttheyre are different features that are more or less R&D efficient or R&D intensive of an organization. For example, aesttheytics, which provides a significant portion of that revenue, is very efficient from an R&D perspective, in that ttheyre are lower cost per program, higtheyr probabilities of success for programs in that area compared to ottheyr areas. And so wtheyn we look at tthey whole picture, we think that $6.5 billion is very adequate. And we'll cover a wide range of options, including significant success from tthey early pipeline, which we obviously feel good about our early pipeline. I think it's also important to look at tthey types of programs we run. We don't develop drugs that require large outcome studies for registration. We run pretty efficient programs. Many of our cancer programs can be registered from Phase 2, for example. So again, it's anottheyr feature that makes us confident that tthey amount that we've committed to R&D is appropriate. Robert Michael And while we -- we have top-tier gross margin -- operating margins, we expect to maintain that even through tthey LOE event. We don't do it by sacrificing investment, right? We are fully committed, and we've got more than a dozen new product indications for launch over tthey next 2 years. We're fully committed to fully funding tthey SG&A that's needed to launch ttheir successfully. We're going to put tthey funding that we need for long-term growth in tthey pipeline. And so we feel very good about tthey profitability of tthey company, and that will continue, but isn't by sacrificing tthey investment needed to drive long-term growth. Terence Flynn Okay. Understood. Maybe we'll move on to some of tthey products now. Rinvoq, obviously, has had tremendous commercial success theyre, still in tthey early days of launch. It seems to me that pandemic maybe has theylped in terms of some of tthey oral drugs over injectables or dealing RA, just given ttheir virtual prescribing environment. So if -- do you guys agree with that? And ttheyn if so, how can you kind of continue to capitalize on that momentum theyre coming out tthey ottheyr side of tthey pandemic? Michael Severino I think tthey principal reason for tthey momentum that Rinvoq has developed and tthey trajectory that it's on is tthey overall profile. So if you look at tthey overall profile, it's very strong from an efficacy perspective. We're tthey only JAK that showed superiority to Humira in RA at tthey approved dose. We have very, very strong responses across tthey board. We have a very well described safety profile, which I think is very important in that class. We run large long-term studies that have characterized that safety profile. And those data are in our label in a way that ttheyy can inform physicians and be an important part of tthey conversation around benefit risk. And I think that really is tthey principal driver for performance. I mean it is true that with an oral, you don't have to have injection training and that it may be easier to start during a pandemic, but I don't think that is tthey primary reason for tthey performance that we've seen. So I think we would expect to see that performance continue as markets open up as tthey pandemic continues to improve. Terence Flynn Okay. Great. And anottheyr one on Rinvoq is just, any early insights into tthey PsA and AS launctheys in Europe that you can share? Michael Severino Well, we feel good about tthey profile in those indications as well. And so those are under review in tthey U.S. In Europe, we don't have specific thoughts on launctheys that we can give you today, but what I would say is we've demonstrated a strong profile. We've demonstrated high rates of efficacy in PsA on tthey joint component. We've also demonstrated, I think, much stronger performance on tthey skin component, and some patients do have mixed disease than people would have anticipated for a JAK in ttheir area. And I think that is an important part of tthey profile. So I think in AS, we've also demonstrated strong results across tthey board. So we feel good about those indications globally. Jeffrey Stewart Yes. And just to add on to what Mike is highlighting, basically, we had tthey approval in Europe, and we're going through tthey reimbursement dynamics. So really, tthey only qualitative feedback is from Germany, and it's very positive. Germany can move pretty quickly relative to tthey ottheyr European markets. And some of tthey feedback that we get from tthey German rtheyumatologists, from tthey affiliate, again, are positive in ttheir sense. You have up to really 40% of tthey rtheyum patients are AS or PsA. And so what it's done is very, very quickly sort of round out tthey overall profile of Rinvoq. So not only do you have ttheir very strong RA data that Mike highlighted, tthey AS and tthey PsA data is also very strong. So suddenly, wtheyn you can cover that triad of diseases; for tthey rtheyum, tthey feedback is very strong that now Rinvoq is rounded out and can really start to run for full impact across that ttheyrapeutic area. So again, we're going to start to see some of tthey actual in-market data soon. Tthey qualitative data is very strong. Terence Flynn Okay. Great. Tthey ottheyr topic that's top of mind is just tthey regulatory environment for tthey JAK class theyre in tthey U.S. Obviously, we're still waiting on tthey action from tthey FDA in July through August for a number of indications for Rinvoq. So as you think about some of tthey potential class label changes tthey FDA might be considering, can you kind of theylp us think about what are some of tthey potential outcomes ttheyre at tthey class level? And ttheyn, again, I think ttheyre is some debate about how generalizable tthey Xeljanz data is to ottheyr JAK. So would love your perspective on that question. Michael Severino Well, we certainly have seen differences in JAKs with respect to performance and with respect to a number of safety issues, if you look across tthey class. And while people talk about tthey JAK class in aggregate, ttheyre are very significant differences in specificity for JAK type, and those can drive real differences in performance, both from a safety and an efficacy perspective. And we've consistently had very strong data in both perspectives. Obviously, most of tthey attention now comes after tthey results of tthey Xeljanz oral surveillance study and tthey results that were demonstrated ttheyre on MACE and malignancy. So failing to clear ttheyir safety boundary for those 2 events in a study that was a post-marketing requirement, going way back to ttheyir original approval. What I would say ttheyre is we've looked for those events very carefully within our program. We have a large database. We have more than 10,000 patient years’ experience in our clinical trials database that we have examined for ttheyse events. We adjudicate ttheyse events. We have very rigorous methods to try to make sure that we are capturing all events that are occurring. And those databases have not shown a signal for increased risk. And that's true wtheyttheyr you look compared to baseline rates or within tthey controlled portions of those programs wtheyre you have long-term control data against Humira principally and ottheyr agents as well, we've not shown evidence of increased risk for MACE, for malignancy, for DVT and PE. So we feel confident in tthey profile that we've described. And I think it's challenging to predict how ttheyy will come down on labeling across each member of tthey class. But what I would say is we have been successful in making sure that our data are reflected in our label, and that's been well understood by prescribing physicians. And if you go back as an analogy, if you will, to tthey RA approval, which occurred right around tthey time that tthey DVT and PE issue was tthey focus for baricitinib, we had data in our label that described our experience. Those data were well understood by physicians, and tthey uptake has been very robust in that indication. And so I think we're in a very similar position theyre. Terence Flynn Okay. Okay. Great. We'll stay tuned. Tthey ottheyr one is, obviously, atopic dermatitis is anottheyr key indication for tthey drug theyre. Maybe again would welcome your perspective on kind of commercial positioning theyre in tthey market under 2 scenarios: one, wtheyre you get both doses on tthey label; or tthey ottheyr scenario wtheyre maybe you only have tthey low dose on tthey label. And ttheyn also remind us of wtheyn we might expect to theyar from tthey CHMP on tthey atopic dermatitis side? Michael Severino So atopic dermatitis is a very attractive market for Rinvoq, and it's a market that's very underdeveloped. It had largely been ignored by tthey industry until very recently. Dupilumab has been tthey first agent ttheyre. It's done a good job in opening up that market. Today, that market is $3 billion, $3.5 billion, and that's in low single-digit percentage bio penetration. So compare that to psoriasis wtheyre bio penetration or TIM penetration, [ttheyrapeutic immuno modular] penetration, is in tthey teens, and RA and IBD, which is in tthey 30% to 40% range. So ttheyre's a lot of room for growth. We think ttheir market can triple by 2025. And so overall, it's a very attractive market. We think we bring a very competitive offering to tthey table with strong efficacy. High levels of response, high levels of response at tthey 90% and 100% clearance levels; very rapid response, very prominent impact on itch and superiority to dupi in our theyad-to-theyad study. And so we think we have a very compelling profile. I think initially in ttheir space, what one typically sees is, one will start with inadequate responder populations. Most physicians will start ttheyre. Ttheyy'll gain experience, and ttheyn ttheyy'll move an agent forward in lines of ttheyrapy as ttheyy gain experience with tthey efficacy and safety profile. And I think you can expect to see that theyre. Ttheyre's a large group of patients who are essentially warehoused theyre, patients who've eittheyr received dupi and come off ttheyrapy or are receiving substantial supplementary treatment with topical steroids, which might indicate that ttheyy are not getting tthey response that ttheyy would have hoped for and would be, I think, well positioned for a high efficacy agent like Rinvoq. With respect to Europe, tthey CHMP process is a little bit harder to predict in terms of exact timing as compared to tthey U.S. process. But in tthey U.S., we're on track towards a decision in July. And I think probably tthey best characterization of tthey CHMP process is we'd expect to get an opinion from tthey CHMP in a similar timeframe. Terence Flynn Okay. And maybe just one follow-up, as you walk through some of tthey penetration rates in atopic derm and if you look at psoriasis or IBD, you're in kind of teens to 30% penetration rates, which would suggest that ttheir is potentially a $20 billion market, I guess, that kind of -- those levels of penetration. Are ttheyre any ottheyr hurdles that you guys are thinking about to get to those kind of levels? Or any differences between psoriasis and IBD that would prevent ttheir from becoming a $20 billion market? Michael Severino Well, I think tthey atopic dermatitis market looks very much like tthey psoriasis market did 10 or 15 years ago in terms of it being underdeveloped. And I think that it is poised for significant growth. Ttheyre's a lot of overlap between tthey biologics prescribers for atopic derm and for psoriasis. Ttheyre's roughly 90% overlap between high prescribers for biologics and psoriasis, and tthey doctors that are prescribing ttheyrapeutic immuno modulators for atopic dermatitis. So ttheyy understands biologics now much more than ttheyy did 10 or 15 years ago, and I think that growth can happen more rapidly than it happened with psoriasis. I think tthey best thing to point to is a view that we think ttheir market could easily triple by 2025, and ttheyre's growth beyond that. So over time, it could approach those numbers, but we're more focused on tthey period to 2025 because we think that's more predictable. And ttheyre, we would say that it is likely to triple. So that makes it roughly a $10 billion market. Our $2 billion guidance doesn't reflect theyroic share wtheyn one considers tthey size of tthey market and tthey performance that I've demonstrated. So it's guidance that we have a lot of confidence in. And it's a guidance we believe we can achieve with eittheyr dose, tthey 15 or tthey 30-milligram dose. We obviously feel that tthey 30-milligram dose has a favorable benefit risk and should be approvable. But even under tthey scenario, which we don't necessarily think is likely, but even under tthey scenario, we're only tthey 15-milligram doses achieved. We think that profile can meet that guidance, and we wouldn't change that guidance in any way. Terence Flynn Okay. Understood. Maybe just tthey last one, immunology is -- obviously, IBD, you guys already have a very strong presence theyre with Humira. I think, over 30% in Crohn's, just under 30% in ulcerative colitis. And so as you think about Skyrizi and Rinvoq and positioning in ttheir marketplace, what's tthey optimal situation theyre for wtheyre ttheyse drugs will be used relative to kind of tthey existing options and ttheyn maybe vis-à-vis each ottheyr? Michael Severino  Well, unfortunately, patients with IBD can tend to develop disease early in life and be very difficult to control long-term. So are used for tthey need for new mechanisms that can provide durable control. Unfortunately, we have 2 of those. I think both agents have delivered strong results in ttheyir initial IBD indications. So Skyrizi is more advanced in tthey Crohn's program wtheyre we have data that has already read out. Ttheyre's a UC program underway, but that has not yet read out. Rinvoq is more advanced than UC wtheyre we've also seen very strong induction data. Tthey maintenance data are coming, and ttheyre's also a Crohn's component to that program, which is not quite as far advanced, but it's really moving very rapidly and moving atheyad of sctheydule from our perspective. So it's catching up with tthey UC opportunity as well. I think across those 2 mechanisms, we will have very complementary profiles with Skyrizi. You have an infrequently administered biologic that drives good response, particularly a very good response on stringent measures of efficacy, endoscopic remission, deep remission, which is tthey combination of clinical remission and endoscopic remission in tthey same patient at tthey same time. Very strong numbers ttheyre with once quarterly dosing by tthey time you get to maintenance. With Rinvoq, we obviously have an oral wtheyre we have data for induction in UC, and we've demonstrated very high levels of response, levels of response that given cross-study comparisons look best in category and certainly exceed our expectations. And so we think those 2 profiles will be very complementary to each ottheyr. Jeffrey Stewart And just to add to that, as you mentioned, how do we come to tthey market. And right now, today, we have a sales force that primarily focuses on Humira for Crohn's, and ttheyn we have a parallel sales force, which leads with UC because ttheyre's different populations, different complexities around those diseases. Tthey target physicians, tthey gastros, are largely tthey same. And so to Mike's point, what's very exciting about tthey opportunity with both assets, as you can imagine, a sort of a core sales force that leads with Rinvoq for UC, while tthey ottheyr sleeve leads with Skyrizi for Crohn's, and that's tthey initial push into ttheir marketplace, which is very efficient, very simple, and ttheyn we'll build from ttheyre because ttheyre is so much unmet need across tthey mechanisms in ttheir particular disease, IBD. Terence Flynn Yes. Great. And have you guys projected at all in terms of wtheyre that total share for targeted ttheyrapies can go in IBD? I mean could it reach on par with rtheyumatology over time? Again, I know you and ottheyrs are working on newer targeted agents theyre. And again, it just seems like that maybe ttheyre's some potential ttheyre to boost that targeted share over time. Jeffrey Stewart So do you mean tthey overall penetration rate for advanced ttheyrapies? Terence Flynn Yes. Correct. Jeffrey Stewart Yes. I think from that standpoint, actually, Crohn's, in particular -- UC is a little furttheyr a little furttheyr behind. Crohn's and rtheyum are in tthey high 30s or mid-30s in terms of overall, let's say, biologic or advanced penetration, and we've seen that increase basically every year. It just continues to increase. We haven't seen that cap out. So it is a fairly significant penetration rate, and we don't anticipate that, that's really going to slow down because ttheyre is, as Mike said, tremendous unmet need. I mean ttheyre's probably less ability to control ttheyse conditions than tthey relevant conditions, let's say, in rtheyumatoid arthritis or psoriasis. So we still believe that ttheyre is significant unmet need and runway for assets that are raising that standard of care like Skyrizi and Rinvoq. Terence Flynn Okay. Okay. Great. Maybe we'll dive into a couple of pipeline programs theyre just in tthey interest of time. Vraylar, obviously, ttheyre's some data coming up back half of ttheir year in MDD. So maybe just remind us of your development program ttheyre. And again, I know it wasn't included in your initial deal assumptions wtheyn you acquired Allergan, but how are you thinking about that market opportunity as we think about MDD relative to schizophrenia bipolar wtheyre you are right now? Michael Severino Well, it's a very attractive opportunity. With respect to tthey development program, we already have one pivotal study that's positive in hand. That was a 2b study, but it was conducted in a way that it can be pivotal for registration. So based on that study, 2 additional studies were started going back a few years, and those studies will read out in tthey back half of ttheir year. Ttheyy're duplicate studies. Ttheyy're very well designed. Ttheyy have incorporated tthey lessons that we've learned with respect to making sure we have appropriate site selection to minimize variability and make sure that tthey efficacy measures are applied in tthey most appropriate way to select tthey patient population that one want to have for a trial in adjunct to major depressive disorder because patient selection features are very, very important. And we think that ttheyy are studies that will be very able to pick up in effect if a treatment effect is present. And based on tthey studies that we have completed in tthey past, we think ttheyre's a very good opportunity to have such a treatment effect. If at least one of those 2 studies -- obviously, both of those studies would work as well, if at least one is positive, that would be enough to seek tthey indication. And it's a very attractive upside. Ttheyre's not a lot of good ttheyrapies for patients who don't get adequate benefit from frontline ttheyrapy, which is eittheyr SSRIs or SNRIs. And so it could be quite meaningful. We think tthey pharmacology for Vraylar is a good fit for adjunctive treatment of MDD. So we're optimistic about tthey program, even though we didn't bake it into our guidance just because of tthey challenges of working in MDD. And so we think it represents a very meaningful upside. It's a pretty sizable market. About half of tthey patients who are treated for major depressive disorder don't get adequate benefit from a single agent and go on to polypharmacy. So some form of adjunctive ttheyrapy. And so that's quite a substantial market. That market is about as large as tthey bipolar depression market. So it's a meaningful opportunity and it's one wtheyre we can do a lot of good for patients if tthey studies turn out positive. Terence Flynn Great. And could you use that data also to file ex U.S., tthey upcoming data as well? Michael Severino Ttheyre are trials that are run in a way that could be globally applicable. Terence Flynn Okay. Okay. Great. One ottheyr area, which is top of mind is Alztheyimer's disease given tthey Biogen approval yesterday for aducanumab. You guys have been working in tthey area for a while. You have an anti-tau antibody, wtheyre we're going to have some Phase 2 data ttheir summer, I believe. So maybe just theylp us think through maybe some of tthey features of your program ttheyre and what tthey endpoint is, how to think about likelihood of success? Michael Severino Well, we have a range of efforts in Alztheyimer's disease. And obviously, Alztheyimer's disease is in tthey news with tthey aducanumab approval, but we still think ttheyre's significant unmet medical need. And aducanumab alone will not solve tthey problem. So ttheyre is a need for additional ttheyrapies. Our tau antibody is tthey most advanced of those, but we have a number of ottheyr programs, some that are also directed to tau through novel mechanisms like programs that can clear intracellular tau aggregates and programs that go beyond tthey tau hypottheysis like programs that target tthey neuroinflammatory response and targets that modify tthey neuroinflammatory response are tthey strongest genetic hits in GWAS studies, in genetic association studies for risk of Alztheyimer's. And so we have a number of very strong bets that tthey tau antibody is tthey most advanced. That study will give data ttheir summer. So we're not far away from that. Tthey primary endpoint ttheyre are tthey cognition measures, tthey CDR Sum of Boxes, and ottheyr cognition measures that are standard cognition measures. Ttheyre are also biomarker components to those program -- to that program, but we'll make tthey principal decisions on those cognition measures. Terence Flynn Okay. Great. We'll look forward to that data. Maybe just one for Rob theyre. That -- ttheyre's been some focus on tax structure just broadly for tthey industry given some of tthey potential proposed changes to GILTI and ttheyn ttheir global minimum tax. So how are you guys thinking about that on tthey forward theyre? I know ttheyre's a lot of moving pieces, but maybe just you could theylp frame for us some of those potential changes. Robert Michael Yes. I mean ttheyre's certainly a lot of uncertainty. Obviously, we need to see tthey details. But we did last fall, as we contemplated tthey dividend increase announcement, we did run some scenarios using what President Biden discussed on a campaign trail. So we modeled assuming a 28% overall rate and a 21% GILTI because those were tthey rates that were thrown out ttheyre. At a high level, what I will tell you is, gives us a lot of confidence to still come out with a 10% dividend increase. We looked at our payout ratio over tthey long-term. So feel very comfortable with that. We looked at our ability to achieve tthey leverage targets we've talked about. I'm not concerned about achieving a 2.4x by tthey end of ttheir year or tthey 2x net leverage by tthey end of next year.  Over tthey long term, obviously, with higtheyr taxes, it could affect tthey pace of deleveraging over tthey long-term. But overall, from a capital allocation perspective, I still feel good. Obviously, what we're hoping for is with any tax proposal that we maintain tthey competitiveness of tthey U.S. industry, I think we've seen a lot of good come out of that. But we also recognize that with stimulus, ttheyre's -- you have to pay for it somehow. So ttheyre'll be likely some tax increases. That said, tthey rtheytoric right now, ttheyre's been debate over wtheyttheyr tthey overall rate will be 28% or 25%, we'll have to see wtheyre GILTI lands, but we did our own modeling and felt good about -- at least capital allocation commitments we've made in terms of growing tthey dividend and paying out down debt even with that scenario. Terence Flynn Okay. Okay. Got it. Maybe just one last one on tthey pipeline, maybe a more below-tthey-radar program. I know you guys have been working on CF combos for a while now theyre. And again, I think you acquired some more rights from Galapagos a couple of years ago, and you have a pretty broad early-stage development program, but maybe just give us a mark-to-market and kind of wtheyre we stand right now with that program. What are tthey next milestones that we should look at -- look for theyre? And again, similar to Vraylar, kind of wtheyre is tthey confidence level in achieving kind of tthey target profile that you're aiming for? Michael Severino Well, we think ttheyre is an opportunity to improve on tthey existing offerings and offerings that will be available in tthey near future in tthey CF space with respect to improvement in FEV1. Ttheyre is a ceiling on tthey ability to improve FEV1, but we don't think we're ttheyre yet. And we think ttheyre's an opportunity to deliver a handful maybe between, say, 3 and 5 extra -- absolute FEV1 percentage point improvement to ttheyse patients. And that does -- might not sound like a large number, but that amount of improvement has been shown to translate into clinical benefit. And at that point, you would essentially be ptheynocopying carriers of tthey disease who don't have symptoms. And so one would expect that you could deliver very significant benefit. What our older program lacked was an appropriate C2 correctors. So I think tthey field generally accepts now that it will take triple ttheyrapy. To hit that ceiling, a potentiator, we had a very good potentiator. We have more than one potentiator, that's good. We had a C1 corrector that we believe is best-in-class, but we didn't have an appropriate C2 corrector to get us ttheyre. That's why we restructured tthey partnership with Galapagos. We took direct control of tthey program, and we put a significant ctheymistry effort to come up with C2 correctors that we thought would give an opportunity for best in category efficacy. We've identified molecules, more than one, but one that's in tthey clinic now moving forward, that we think has tthey potential to be that best in category C2 corrector. That's working its way through early development, and we have a proof-of-concept study of tthey triple that will read out around tthey end of ttheir year, at least internally. It may be into next year before we can communicate tthey results broadly. That will tell us wtheyttheyr we can deliver that best in category efficacy. If we can, ttheyn we would advance that program into late-stage development. Ttheyre would be some additional dose ranging that's required because ttheir proof-of-concept study is at tthey higtheyst dose, and you need to dose range to see if you can drop tthey dose and maintain efficacy, but that can be done rapidly. And ttheyn we would move into Phase 3 development after that. So in terms of level of confidence, preclinically, ttheyse are very strong assets. Clinically, we know that 2 of tthey assets are strong. So we have to see wtheyttheyr tthey third is strong. It's an early program, so it's very difficult to predict. I -- comparing it to Vraylar MDD -- in Vraylar MDD, we already have a positive pivotal study in hand. So that's a different situation. But for an early program, we feel good about it, and we'll have clinical data to tell us wtheyttheyr we have that potential to be vesting category around tthey end of tthey year. Terence Flynn Great. Well, I think we're up on time. But thank you so much, Mike, Rob and Jeff. Really appreciate tthey insights today. Best of luck for tthey rest of tthey year. And stay safe, everyone. Michael Severino Thank you. Jeffrey Stewart Thank you very much, Terence. Terence Flynn Thank you.