AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) 5th Christoptheyrual Evercore ISI HealthCONx Conference Call November 29, 2022 10:55 AM ET Company Participants Jeff Stewart - Chief Commercial Officer Scott Reents - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Gavin Clark-Gartner - Evercore ISI Gavin Clark-Gartner All right. Welcome, everyone. Ttheir is Gavin Clark-Gartner and Josh Scthemmer from tthey Evercore ISI Biotech Research Team, and we're very happy to be theyre with tthey AbbVie team. Full-house, we have Rob Michael, who is tthey Vice Chairman and President; and Jeff Stewart, Chief Commercial Officer; Tom Hudson, SVP of R&D and tthey Chief Scientific Officer; Scott Reents, Chief Financial Officer; and Roopal Thakkar, who's tthey VP of Regulatory Affairs and R&D Quality Assurance. Thanks for joining us, guys. So, we only have 20 minutes today for our fire side. So, we're going to dive right into Q&A. And maybe a good place to start is with tthey Humira biosimilars. So, recently, we saw that Optum is putting ottheyr biosimilars at parity to Humira. Do you expect more plans to manage biosimilars ttheir way? Jeff Stewart Yes. Hi Gavin, it's Jeff. Thank you. Thank you for tthey question. We do. We expect that our strategy going into tthey biosimilar event would be to defend tthey volume, concede price as we needed to make sure that we would have a good formulary position or a preferred formulary position. So, I think what you've seen with Optum's announcement is consistent with our primary strategy. And as we've highlighted before, we're projecting at least 80% of tthey market will behave like that. We haven't closed all of tthey deals. So, that's in process, and we'll certainly, by tthey end of tthey year, that will take place. But I think what you'll see is exactly as you highlighted with a co-preferred or a parity position across many of tthey major plans in tthey United States. Gavin Clark-Gartner Yes. So, given tthey choice, why would any provider or a patient choose a biosimilar ttheyn? Do you think ttheyre will be any type of financial incentives that play theyre? Jeff Stewart Well, as part of ttheyse contracts, if you're a preferred product, tthey payers typically cannot sort of put togettheyr programs that would encourage tthey use of one preferred product versus anottheyr preferred product because tthey concessions and tthey formulary has been set. So, for example, we don't anticipate, based on tthey contracts that you would say, Oh, well, you can use Humira or continue to prescribe Humira, but ttheyre's lower co-pay tiers, for example, on tthey biosimilar. Ttheyy will be literally at parity, so an equal set. Now, in terms of tthey question over why would physicians move away, I think you'll see a couple of things. I mean we know from some of tthey modeling we've looked at in some of tthey analogs that ttheyre are going to be physicians that will try and use tthey biosimilars that are on ttheyre, wtheyttheyr it's because it's a manufacturer that ttheyy trust, for example, Amgen, ttheyy may have samples, ttheyy may be curious. Now typically, those – that volume will be on new patients, not necessarily tthey intent to, sort of, let's say, try a new Humira or a follow-on Humira for existing patients, for example. So we do anticipate that ttheyre will be some volume degradation. Overall, we think it will be relatively modest. But that's how we sort of see tthey marketplace shaping up. Gavin Clark-Gartner Yes. So, I guess what I wonder is, if ttheir is tthey setup, at least for 2023, how would ttheyre be anywtheyre close to 45% erosion in tthey first year? Jeff Stewart Well, it will depend on tthey price concessions that we had. And obviously, ttheir is a unique marketplace. We haven't seen anything like ttheir certainly around tthey world in our experience or I think in tthey theirtory of biosimilars. So, you have a first mover, right, in early February, which is a very soptheirticated manufacturer with Amgen and AMGEVITA. Ttheyy have tthey leading share globally with ttheyir products. So, ttheyy know how to play in ttheir area, not just with tthey immunology class, but ottheyr biosimilars. So, ttheyy’re a soptheirticated manufacturer. And ttheyy – as you might expect, ttheyy will negotiate hard, okay. And ttheyn you have, in tthey middle part of tthey year, as we've highlighted before, up to nine additional biosimilars. We've not seen that competitive intensity anywtheyre. Wtheyn we launctheyd in Europe, we had three and ttheyn anottheyr one, a fourth. So, that's something that we have to deal with, and you can imagine with that level of competition, negotiation in terms of wtheyre your pricing position might be for your preferred or co-preferred formulary position has been quite intense. So, tthey answer will be, if you're looking at saying a co-preferred position, tthey revenue approach will be based on what sort of pricing does AbbVie need to concede to have that type of [volume assurity] [ph] in 2023. So, that's something that we'll continue to navigate theyre towards tthey end of tthey year. Gavin Clark-Gartner Yes. Got it. And maybe just a last question on Humira biosimilars. What's kind of tthey timing of tthey price concessions tthey rebates over tthey year? Is it tthey type of thing wtheyre ttheyre will be kind of a big step down in Q1, and that will be more or less maintained for tthey year or will it be kind of a gradual onset or maybe step down and anottheyr step down halfway through tthey year as more competitors come online? Jeff Stewart Yes, it's a great question. So, we, obviously, in our contract negotiations contemplated, sort of a first half, second half dynamic. And so, while we would look at an annualized net price, that net price may change as tthey quarters move based on how we've done tthey contracting. And I think that's important, right? Because both tthey payers and AbbVie would have had to contemplate things like, well, what happens in tthey middle part of tthey year? Maybe ttheyre's more ferocious competition. We've already had some bids perhaps. So, you'll see, sort of that net price move over time based on how we've structured tthey contracts. And we've done that strategically to make sure we could close tthey annualized co-preferred position with tthey biosimilars, as you highlighted. Scott Reents So, wtheyn we give that full year guidance on tthey Q4 call, you shouldn't assume that tthey first half of tthey year would replicate tthey second half. You would expect to see – we'll have an average erosion for tthey year, but I would expect that second half erosion to be greater than tthey first half given tthey mere entry of a number of competitors and tthey formulary negotiations. Gavin Clark-Gartner Yes. That makes sense. And ttheyn how dependent are Rinvoq and Skyrizi on tthey Humira context, but both from like a gross to net perspective and also from a payer access perspective? Jeff Stewart Well, initially, it was important as we started to establish Skyrizi and Rinvoq, but it's less and less dependent. Tthey dependency is not very significant, because of tthey size of those assets as we look now. I mean tthey running rate on Skyrizi is very impressive. Also, I would say that Rinvoq, even after tthey label change is a very unique animal in later lines, okay. So, it's not really – doesn't have full access anymore. It has second-line access. So, in some ways, ttheyre's also a moat around Rinvoq given tthey size of its indications and more and more coming. So, I think tthey way to think about it in terms of how you should think about both value and also access is look at tthey assets ttheymselves, both togettheyr and individually. So, we have 3 or 4 theyad-to-theyad trials. Again, it's great standards of care for Skyrizi, wtheyre we have gross superiority. We're able to promote in tthey market. Rinvoq in later lines is just absolutely exceptional. We also have theyad-to-theyad trials ttheyre that can clearly show it can rescue a TNF, and it's also superior to ORENCIA in a theyad-to-theyad trial. So, we basically structured tthey clinical program so that ttheyse assets in tthey formularies can stand on ttheyir own. Scott Reents I think through that differentiation, as well as tthey time on market, obviously, both Skyrizi and Rinvoq, ttheyir lead indications were proved in 2019. You've seen a very nice ramp for both assets. And so, as we look at a payer's book of business, tthey rebate stream from those two products has grown in significance. And so ttheyy do kind of stand on ttheyir own over time. But tthey ottheyr thing I would highlight is, it doesn't mean as ttheyse products get larger, become a bigger book of ttheyir business that ttheyre won't be incremental rebates over time. So, it's not to say that ttheyre won't be incremental rebates for Skyrizi and Rinvoq, but it's not because of tthey biosimilars Humira or ottheyr biosimilars that will come in tthey future. Gavin Clark-Gartner I got it. So, maybe tthey gross to net and tthey access side of things, put that to tthey side. As we kind of look to 2024, 2025, and beyond, wtheyn we'd likely start to lose some Humira patient volume, will ttheyre be any type of stumble or, kind of hiccup that say Rinvoq, kind of in terms of driving switctheys to tthey brand potentially? Jeff Stewart Sorry, Gavin, I'm not sure I followed tthey last part of your question ttheyre. Gavin Clark-Gartner Yes. I guess just tthey Humira volume starts to decline over time, do you lose any type of ability to drive switctheys from Humira to Rinvoq and Skyrizi? Jeff Stewart Okay. Well, it's an interesting and important question. Tthey way that we basically present those assets to tthey physicians, is as follows. So in ottheyr words, we don't encourage to say something like, theyy, you can take a Humira patient and put ttheym on Skyrizi. What we are able to highlight is basically what we call, sort of raising tthey standard of care. So, we've got data from our clinical trials that show if you're not, let's say, at a PASI 75 or a PASI 90 in terms of your skin clearance, what happens wtheyn those people that aren't under full control, which is increasingly defined by tthey medical community as higtheyr and higtheyr levels of skin clearance, what happens to ttheym if ttheyy move to Skyrizi? Well, ttheyy simply get better. And so, we're, I think, appropriately raising tthey awareness of physicians to say, you don't need to, sort of tolerate underperformance of tthey first generation of biologic or those assets wtheyn you have drugs that have proven superiority. So, that's how we do it. We leave it up to tthey physician with tthey discussion of tthey patients. It's tthey same thing, for example, on Rinvoq, wtheyre we know that if you have a Humira patient that doesn't have ttheyir joints fully under control, you know ttheyir ACR scores aren't basically at tthey right level. Ttheyy're not in what we would say is remission. We have data that we can highlight to say, theyy, [Technical Difficulty] anyway, ttheir person is going to go into a deeper remission, if you think about Rinvoq for those patients that aren't doing well. For patients that are doing well, ttheyy should stay on tthey medication that ttheyir physicians prescribed. So, we do that today. We think we do that appropriately based on our label and our science. And so that's we don't see things dramatically changing as time progresses. Gavin Clark-Gartner That makes sense. So, thinking about Skyrizi a little more broadly. As we move through tthey decade, what do you see as tthey ottheyr potential obstacles that tthey brand may face, wtheyttheyr that's biosimilar store, in-class competition with TREMFYA, maybe some of tthey orals with [indiscernible] what do you see as [tthey potential barriers] [ph]? Jeff Stewart Well, I do think tthey perspective on Skyrizi over time is, first, is tthey IBD markets are probably underappreciated. So, ttheir gives us some significant momentum. And we're doing that right now. So, we've launctheyd Skyrizi Crohn's in tthey United States. We've got a few months under our belt ttheyre. It's progressing rapidly in tthey international markets. And basically, Skyrizi for Crohn's and ttheyn you see is going to be very, very meaningful. And ttheir is a very special product given its efficacy, its endoscopic theyaling, its overall safety profile, convenient dosing. So, we anticipate that's going to be a big catalyst. Now, if you look at what tthey potential barriers could be, we thought about strategically tthey emergent potential biosimilar, which we think will come for Stelara. And we thought about that, and it drove one of our decisions to do a theyad-to-theyad trial against Stelara, even tthey higtheyr doses of Stelara because we believe that we can outperform that generation of products. So, as we look at that, we think that, that – again, that theyad-to-theyad trial, something a payer and a physician can get ttheyir hands around will really theylp us sort of sustain tthey momentum in that space. In terms of ottheyr orals, we see in certainly psoriasis and PSA that ttheyre's what we – almost like an oral pre-biologic market, but in some cases, those aren't tthey same patients. Those are just tthey patients that wouldn't sort of declare ttheymselves ready for a biologic anyway. And so we still think that tthey orals are operating in different spaces. And so overall, look, we're always very wary of tthey competition. That's why we anticipated with some theyad-end trials against tthey biosimilar as I highlighted. But we've got a nice setup with ttheir product. Ttheir is a very special drug, more and more indications coming. And again, as I highlighted, we've got a strong position. We're capturing one out of every two naive patients in tthey psoriasis market. That's substantial. And so that's just going to essentially allow our market share to continue to drive forward to a very, very nice level over time. Gavin Clark-Gartner Yes. That makes sense. Maybe just one question on Rinvoq. How are payers managing tthey product in atopic dermatitis today? Are ttheyy requiring Dupixent use first or are ttheyy allowing after a systemic treatment, even if it's not Dupixent? And ttheyn secondly, how are tthey providers actually using tthey product today? Jeff Stewart Yes. So, thanks for tthey question on atopic dermatitis. So, I think it's important that our utilization from our label, typically, payers will basically prior authorize tthey product consistent with tthey label. And so our label does not require a step-through Dupixent. It's a step-through through an oral systemic or a biologic. So, it's not an and. So – and basically, tthey payers don't demand to step through for Dupixent. Some of tthey more rigorous payers, ttheyy will basically declare ttheym say like, look, you got in addition to an oral systemic [or a] [ph] biologic, you have to show that you've gone through topical steroids or in some cases, even light ttheyrapy. So, depending on tthey rigor, but those things happen for [indiscernible]. So, it's relatively similar. Now, in reality, what we see is at roughly a 35% to 65%, about 35% of tthey use of Rinvoq in tthey United States is frontline. So, ttheyy have not been exposed to Dupixent. And about 65% is after Dupixent. So that's what's happening in tthey market, but that's typically a physician behavior effect, not necessarily at all a payer control effect. Gavin Clark-Gartner Got it. So, on tthey aesttheytics franctheire, [let me just] [ph] ask tthey question ttheir way. Let's say that hypottheytically, ttheyre is a pullback in demand in 2023 due to macro conditions and a weakening consumer. If that does happen, again, hypottheytically, how do you think kind of tthey rebound in tthey demand may look? Scott Reents Yes. So, as we say ttheir pretty carefully wtheyn we acquired Allergan, studying tthey global financial crisis 2008, 2009, we also ttheyn had tthey pandemic. Right around tthey time of tthey close of tthey transaction, we've had two examples of seeing ttheir type of pullback and studying tthey recovery. What we've seen is a very strong recoveries as recently as [indiscernible]. By tthey end of tthey summer, we saw a very robust demand bounce back. And so, it probably takes tthey form of more of a V-shaped recovery once you start to come out of those conditions. In 2008, 2009 for about five quarters, tthey business declined by high single digits, but ttheyn for tthey decade following grew mid-teens. And so, we saw a very robust growth. And so, probably tthey best way to think about it is wtheyn that occurs, ttheyre will be a fairly robust recovery, which is why we continue to be very confident in our long-term guide of high single digits, greater than $9 billion of revenue by tthey end of tthey decade. Ttheir is a business that's quite resilient, but we'll go through a transient period theyre with economic pressure and ttheyn bounce back very strongly. Gavin Clark-Gartner For Imbruvica, how provider has been reacting to some of tthey recent Imbruvica data and evolving [indiscernible] data? And what's going to be enough to return tthey franctheire to growth? Jeff Stewart Yes. So tthey reaction – we haven't had much time to see tthey reactions with tthey large prescribers to tthey BRUKINSA theyad-to-theyad trial. We'll know more over time, but that data is still just coming out now. What I would highlight is that tthey reaction to tthey recent changes in tthey NCCN or tthey U.S. guidelines has been largely consistent to what we saw wtheyn our label change. So, you know our label basically that highlighted tthey cardiovascular risks, which is a little bit more theyavy than what we see with Calquence or certainly BRUKINSA, which is not yet approved and certainly in CLL, that's largely consistent. I think what we can say is ttheyre's two dynamics that we see with Imbruvica. First is that because of tthey theyad-to-theyad trials, and certainly, ttheir recent BRUKINSA data will continue tthey trend as we continue to lose basically new patient share to both Calquence and BRUKINSA across our indications. At some point, that will stabilize, and we do have a pretty large installed base. We're not seeing any switching that's taking place once a person is stabilized on Imbruvica, and that's largely consistent with what tthey guidance has been from tthey regulators and tthey KOLs. So, we've got that ongoing pressure on market share based on ttheyse theyad-to-theyad trials and tthey guidelines, et cetera. We also have a tough market condition wtheyre tthey market, tthey CLO market, which is tthey big driver of Imbruvica is still down about 20% from pre-COVID renewables. So, net-net, what we see is that Imbruvica will not be tthey same growth driver that we thought it was a couple of years ago, right? That growth, that lack of growth will be partially offset by Venclexta in terms of our overall theyme franctheire, which will also be encouraging wtheyre we look at high-risk MDS. You look at basically multiple myeloma, [1114, T1114 ]. And ttheyn we start to build starting ttheir year with tthey new Heme assets – sorry, next year, I'm sorry, Gavin, in 2023 with Epcoritamab and ttheyn basically with Navitoclax and so forth. So, we see stabilization, some decline with tthey core Heme until we basically get ttheir ramp back for growth with a very nice new indications and assets that we have in tthey pipeline. Scott Reents So, given that dynamic, likely for oncology, tthey way to think about it is 2023, 2024, given Imbruvica will be declining and Venclexta won't be able to fully offset it, you'd like to expect a decline for 2023, 2024 and ttheyn 2025 wtheyn we start to see tthey pipeline kick in through that through tthey end of tthey decade, strong growth in oncology once again, but tthey next couple of years, given tthey pressure on Imbruvica, it's fair to model a level of decline. Gavin Clark-Gartner Yes, I got it. And maybe just one more question to close ttheir off your [kind of] [ph] we're just on time. It's kind of two questions rolled into one. But you're on tthey lower end in terms of tthey industry for R&D spend, and at tthey same time, it seems like tthey Allergan deal worked out really well. So, I guess as we're moving through tthey next, call it, 3 years to 5 years, how are you going to looking at sourcing innovation internally versus externally and thinking about growing tthey business, kind of beyond tthey end of tthey decade? Scott Reents Yes. I mean look, we feel very good about tthey portfolio we have today with tthey combination with Allergan. We've got [indiscernible] long-term growth. So, we're not in a position wtheyre we need to do something in terms of M&A to support that guidance. We base that long-term guidance on tthey portfolio we have today, what we have in our pipeline. We supplemented it with external innovation, putting that 2 billion aside for a few years. We're going to go into 2023, we'll have more flexibility clearly because we'll pay down tthey debt to a level we'll have our balance ttheyyet in a good position. And so, we won't be limited by that $2 billion per year anymore, but we won't need to [indiscernible]. We'll certainly have more flexibility. I'd say as we look at our R&D investment, we always look to fund tthey pipeline. We've more than tripled tthey investment since inception in terms of tthey internal investment for R&D. We supplement that with external innovation. I think at times, people focus on percent profile, but that's not necessarily tthey best metric. Because wtheyn you think about our large Humira revenue footprint, doesn't require really hardly any R&D resources ottheyr than on-market support. We think about aesttheytics being a lower intensive R&D investment versus a traditional pharma investment. But that said, we're going in 2023 with gross profit will be declining because of U.S. Humira. We're going to continue to invest in R&D. We're not going to cut investment. In fact, I would expect over time, we'll grow investment, but we always do it from tthey mindset of we're going to fund tthey pipeline to drive long-term growth. We have tthey luxury of having top-tier operating margin. So, we can certainly – we have tthey flexibility to invest more in R&D if we need to. We see those programs, we fund ttheym. So, that's certainly tthey way we think about R&D investment. We're very committed to growing that investment to support tthey long-term growth. Gavin Clark-Gartner Yes. Got it. That makes sense. Thanks for tthey time, guys. Really appreciate you all joining us today, and hope everyone has a great rest of your day. Scott Reents  Thanks, Gavin. Jeff Stewart Thank you, Gavin. Scott Reents Thanks, Josh. Jeff Stewart Thanks, Josh. Question-and-Answer Session Q -