AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Liz Stheya - Head, IR Rick Gonzalez - Chairman and CEO Rob Michael - Vice Chairman and President Jeff Stewart - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Tom Hudson - SVP R&D, and Chief Scientific Officer Carrie Strom - SVP, and President, Global Allergan Aesttheytics Neil Gallagtheyr - VP and Chief Medical Officer Roopal Thakkar - Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs Conference Call Participants Andrew Baum - Citi Terence Flynn - Morgan Stanley Mohit Bansal - Wells Fargo Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Chris Schott - J.P. Morgan Steve Scala - Cowen Chris Raymond - Piper Sadler Tim Anderson - Wolfe Research Geoff Meacham - Bank of America Colin Bristow - UBS Chris Shibutani - Goldman Sachs David Risinger - SVB Securities Operator Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbbVie Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Ms. Liz Stheya, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations. Liz Stheya Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on tthey call with me today are Rick Gonzalez, Chairman of tthey Board and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Michael, Vice Chairman and President; Jeff Stewart, Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer; and Tom Hudson, Senior Vice President, R&D, and Chief Scientific Officer. Joining us for tthey Q&A portion of tthey call are James Schumactheyr, Vice Chairman, External Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary; Carrie Strom, Senior Vice President and President of Global Allergan Aesttheytics; Scott Reents, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Neil Gallagtheyr, Vice President and Chief Medical Officer; and Roopal Thakkar, Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs. Before we get started, I’ll note that some statements we make today may be considered forward-looking statements for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. AbbVie cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Additional information about ttheyse risks and uncertainties is included in our SEC filings. AbbVie undertakes no obligation to update ttheyse forward-looking statements, except as required by law. On today’s conference call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand AbbVie’s business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we’ll take your questions. So with that, I’ll now turn tthey call over to Rick. Rick Gonzalez Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I’ll briefly comment on our overall performance. Ttheyn Jeff, Tom, and Rob will review our second quarter business highlights, pipeline progress and financial results in more detail. AbbVie delivered anottheyr strong quarter with adjusted earnings per share of $3.37, exceeding our expectations. Total net revenues of approximately $14.6 billion was up 6.1% on an operational basis, in line with our expectations. Ttheir performance reflects robust double-digit operational sales growth from immunology, wtheyre Skyrizi is exceeding our expectations with impressive market share gains in both psoriasis and PSA. Skyrizi’s recent U.S. approval in Crohn’s disease will add yet anottheyr source of long-term growth. As a result of tthey strong performance we’ve seen in tthey first half of tthey year, we are raising our full year guidance for Skyrizi. Rinvoq is also demonstrating strong growth. RA continues to perform in line with our expectations, following tthey label update, and we’re making very good progress with all of tthey newly launctheyd indications, including PSA, AS, atopic dermatitis and ulcerative colitis, which collectively represent a significant long-term growth opportunity. Neuroscience is anottheyr area with outstanding performance Vraylar, Botox Ttheyrapeutic and Ubrelvy and Qulipta each demonstrated double-digit sequential sales growth. Pending regulatory approvals for Vraylar in major depressive disorder, Qulipta in chronic migraine and 951 for tthey treatment of advanced Parkinson’s disease represent additional near-term growth opportunities for our neuroscience portfolio. Turning now to aesttheytics, Botox Cosmetics once again performed very well with sales up more than 20% on an operational basis. Demand for toxins remains strong with high teens growth in tthey U.S., despite inflation dynamics. As expected, Juvederm performance was negatively impacted by COVID-related lockdowns in China, as well as tthey suspension of our operations in Russia. Additionally, in tthey U.S., we had a difficult prior year comparison with a promotional event that we ran last year. We also saw a modest impact in tthey quarter due to economic pressures. We continue to expect positive full year growth for Juvederm driven by tthey lessening COVID impact in China and two new filler launctheys in tthey U.S. which will benefit growth in tthey second half of tthey year. In theymatological oncology, Imbruvica continues to be unfavorably impacted by a delayed market recovery for new patients starting ttheyrapy in CLL and increasing competition. Ttheyse ongoing dynamics will have an impact on Imbruvica’s projected 2022 revenues. As a result, we will be adjusting our full-year guidance to reflect ttheyse impacts. Venclexta to continues to demonstrate robust share performance in both CLL and AML, with sales up double digits on an operational basis. Venclexta also has registrational studies ongoing in additional attractive indication, such as multiple myeloma in tthey t(11;14) patient population with Phase 3 data forthcoming, as well as high risk MDS. Additionally, we have an exciting and diverse pipeline of promising new ttheyrapies to address critical unmet needs in both, blood cancers and solid tumors, which are expected to support tthey next wave of AbbVie’s growth in oncology. In summary, tthey diversity of our portfolio, once again allowed us to deliver anottheyr strong performance, despite tthey challenges we see in tthey CLL market and increasing Imbruvica competition. Skyrizi and Rinvoq are performing exceptionally well and are on pace to deliver approximately $7.5 billion in combined sales ttheir year. Neuroscience demonstrated balanced double-digit growth driven by migraine and Vraylar and continued robust Botox cosmetic growth offset some of tthey U.S. inflationary impact to our filler and body contouring portfolios. As a result, we are confirming our full year 2022 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $13.78 to $13.98, representing growth of more than 17% at tthey midpoint. With that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Jeff for additional comments on commercial highlights. Jeff? Jeff Stewart Thank you, Rick. I’m very pleased with tthey momentum across our ttheyrapeutic portfolio, including tthey continued progress we’re making with new product and recent indication launctheys. I’ll start with our immunology portfolio, which delivered total revenues of $7.2 billion, reflecting growth of 19.2% on an operational basis. Global Humira sales were approximately $5.4 billion, up 6.8% on an operational basis with 9.6% growth in tthey U.S., partially offset by international performance wtheyre revenues were down 7.3% operationally due to biosimilar competition. Skyrizi is performing extremely well, well atheyad of our expectations. Global revenues were more than $1.2 billion, up 33% on a sequential basis. We continue to advance our leadership position in psoriasis wtheyre Skyrizi’s total prescription share of tthey U.S. biological market has increased to approximately 26%, driven by an in-play share of new and switching patients that is now approaching 50%. We have also achieved in-play market share leadership in 23 key international markets, including Japan, Germany, France, Canada, and Australia.  Psoriatic arthritis is also adding significantly to Skyrizi’s momentum, wtheyre we are now approved in 54 countries. In tthey U.S. dermatology segment, wtheyre approximately 30% of patients exhibit both skin and joint involvement, Skyrizi is already achieving an in-play patient share of nearly 20%. We have also launctheyd Skyrizi for PSA in rtheyumatology, wtheyre we’re seeing strong utilization, which is driving accelerated share growth. Our recent launch of Skyrizi for Crohn’s disease in tthey U.S. represents tthey first new biologic approval in six years for an area wtheyre ttheyre continues to be considerable unmet need. We believe Skyrizi represents a highly effective and differentiated treatment option for Crohn’s patients, including tthey potential to provide meaningful levels of endoscopic improvement with novel and infrequent dosing. Managed care access is expected to ramp strongly for ttheir indication in tthey coming months. Turning now to Rinvoq, wtheyre we’re seeing good momentum across each of tthey approved indications. Global sales of $592 million were up more than 27% on a sequential basis. Prescriptions in RA remained strong with a total market share of 5.8% in tthey U.S. and approximately 6% across key international markets. Rinvoq is now achieving an in-play RA share of approximately 13% in tthey U.S. In PSA, Rinvoq continues to see nice uptake, especially in tthey room segment with commercial access now equal to RA. We also recently received FDA approval for ankylosing spondylitis and European approval for non-radiographic Axial SpA, furttheyr expanding Rinvoq’s potential across rtheyumatology. In atopic dermatitis, new patient starts are tracking in line with our expectations with Rinvoq’s in-play patient share in tthey mid-teens. Strong commercial access in AD, which is also now equal to RA and PSA, is expected to considerably increase paid prescription volume in ttheir highly underpenetrated market over tthey remainder of tthey year. Lastly, our recent launch of Rinvoq for ulcerative colitis in tthey U.S. is progressing well. And we recently just received European approval for tthey same indication. Commercial access in tthey U.S. is ramping strongly, and we are seeing encouraging new patient starts. Physician feedback regarding Rinvoq’s approved profile in UC has been favorable, especially given tthey very high rates of remission and endoscopic improvement demonstrated across our UC development program. Tthey addressable patient population for Rinvoq in UC is substantial, with nearly 50% of patients currently on or having used TNF ttheyrapy. Turning now to theymatologic oncology, wtheyre total revenues were $1.65 billion, down 7.9% on an operational basis. Imbruvica global revenues were approximately $1.1 billion, down 17.1% and below our expectations. Tthey CLO market continues to remain challenging in tthey U.S. with new patient starts down double digits relative to pre-pandemic levels. Now, as you may recall, our initial 2022 Imbruvica sales guidance contemplated a partial market recovery, which, unfortunately, we have not yet observed. In fact, tthey latest data reflects new patient starts in tthey U.S. were actually down high single digits versus last year. So, based on recent trends, we no longer believe it’s prudent to anticipate a meaningful market recovery in CLL over tthey second half of ttheir year. Ttheyrefore, we will be removing ttheir assumption from our 2022 guidance. In addition, increasing competition from newer ttheyrapies, including ottheyr BTK inhibitors as well as our own Venclexta also continue to lower Imbruvica’s share of new patient starts, especially in frontline CLL. Despite ttheir increasing competitive pressure, Imbruvica continues to be tthey total market share leader across all lines of ttheyrapy in CLL. Venclexta global sales were $505 million, up 21.2% on an operational basis. In CLL, we continue to see share gains in tthey U.S. and across all major international markets. We’re also seeing continued strong performance in AML. Venclexta is now approved in 80 countries and in many markets is already considered tthey new standard of care for frontline AML patients who are ineligible for intensive ctheymottheyrapy. As a result, we are seeing ramping market share throughout tthey countries wtheyre we have launctheyd. In neuroscience, revenues were more than $1.6 billion, up 15.2% on an operational basis. Vraylar once again delivered strong growth. Sales of $492 million were up 13.9% on an operational basis, reflecting continued share gains in tthey U.S. atypical antipsychotic market. Our launch preparations remain well underway in anticipation of our MDD approval in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir is a potentially large indication that would represent incremental upside to our current projections for Vraylar. Within migraine, Ubrelvy remains tthey market-leading oral CGRP treatment for acute migraine with revenue of $185 million, up 34% on a sequential basis. Qulipta continues to increase its leading new-to-brand share in tthey U.S. preventative CGRP class wtheyn we consider both, paid and bridge volume. We continue to make good progress with expanded commercial access, which will support strong Qulipta sales growth over tthey remainder of ttheir year. We are also pursuing tthey commercial approval for Qulipta as a preventative treatment in patients with chronic migraine in tthey U.S. as well as a new ttheyrapy for Europe, potentially furttheyr strengttheyning our competitive product profile and long-term growth opportunity. Botox Ttheyrapeutic is also performing well in chronic migraine as well as its ottheyr indications with total sales of $678 million, up 14.5% on an operational basis. So overall, I’m pleased with tthey commercial execution across tthey ttheyrapeutic business. Our broad portfolio of differentiated ttheyrapies and new launctheys is demonstrating strong revenue growth. And with that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Tom for additional comments on our R&D programs. Tom? Tom Hudson Thank you, Jeff. I’ll start with immunology wtheyre we had several notable pipeline updates in our inflammatory bowel disease programs for both, Skyrizi and Rinvoq. We recently received FDA approval for Skyrizi in Crohn’s disease, and we’re very pleased with tthey label which reflects a strong benefit risk profile that Skyrizi demonstrated as an induction and maintenance treatment for ttheir condition. Based on its profile, we believe Skyrizi will be a highly effective and differentiated treatment option for patients with Crohn’s disease. Our regulatory application for Skyrizi in Crohn’s disease remains under review in Europe with an approval decision expected near tthey end of ttheir year. Also in tthey area of inflammatory bowel disease, we recently received European approval for Rinvoq in ulcerative colitis. And we’re excited to bring ttheir new, highly efficacious oral option to patients suffering from ttheir often debilitating disease. In tthey quarter, we also completed a registrational program for Rinvoq in Crohn’s disease, reporting positive top line results from our Phase 3 maintenance study. We recently submitted our regulatory applications for Rinvoq in ttheir indication and expect approval decisions next year. Once approved for Crohn’s disease, Rinvoq will have completed development programs for all tthey major rtheyum and gastro indications covered by Humira plus atopic dermatitis. Tthey strength of tthey data generated in our clinical programs should position Rinvoq as a highly differentiated treatment across ttheir broad indication set and enable Rinvoq to deliver significant value to AbbVie over tthey long term. And just ttheir morning, we announced that we received European approval for Rinvoq in non-radiographic Axial SpA, which rounds out Rinvoq’s label in rtheyumatology. Moving now to our oncology portfolio, wtheyre we continue to make excellent progress across all stages of our pipeline. At tthey recent EHA meeting, we presented results from tthey large B-cell lymphoma expansion cohort in tthey Phase 2 study evaluating epcoritamab in patients who have received at least two prior lines of ttheyrapy. In ttheir study, epcoritamab was well tolerated and drove very deep and durable responses in challenging to treat highly refractory patients with large B-cell lymphoma. We recently discussed ttheyse results with regulatory agencies and based on tthey strength of tthey data, we intend to submit regulatory applications later ttheir year for accelerated approval of epcoritamab in patients with relapsed/refractory large B-cell lymphoma. We expect approval decisions in 2023. We continue to make good progress with tthey indication expansion programs for Venclexta and remain on track to see results from tthey Phase 3 CANOVA trial in relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma patients with a t(11;14) mutation in tthey second half of ttheir year. As a reminder, we’ve seen very promising results in ttheir population in prior clinical studies with Venclexta showing high overall response rates and meaningful trends towards prolonged progression-free survival. Tthey level of efficacy we’ve seen suggests that t(11;14) patients may be particularly responsive to Venclexta and ttheir agent has tthey potential to become an important biomarker-driven treatment option in tthey multiple myeloma market. In neuroscience, following successful completion of our Phase 3 chronic migraine prevention study, we submitted our regulatory application to tthey FDA for Qulipta in chronic migraine. Chronic migraine is defined as 15 or more theyadacthey days per month with at least 8 of those days associated with migraines. Ttheir is a debilitating disease that affects nearly 10% of people suffering from migraine, significantly impacting ttheyir quality of life. If approved, ttheir would be anottheyr differentiating feature for Qulipta as it would be tthey only oral CGRP approved for prevention in patients with chronic migraine. We also submitted data from our Phase 3 prevention studies in both, chronic and episodic migraine to support regulatory applications in markets outside tthey U.S. We expect approval decisions in tthey U.S. and in Europe in 2023. In tthey quarter, we submitted our regulatory application in tthey U.S. for ABBV-951, our novel subcutaneous levodopa/carbidopa delivery system for treatment of advanced Parkinson’s disease. Ttheir innovative delivery system has tthey potential to become a transformative treatment option for patients with advanced Parkinson’s disease by providing DUOPA-like efficacy with less invasive nonsurgical administration. We also expect to submit our regulatory application in Europe later ttheir year with approval decisions anticipated in both, tthey U.S. and Europe in 2023. Now, I’d like to provide a few updates on some earlier-stage programs wtheyre we have new data and are advancing programs in development. In immunology, we recently obtained encouraging data in a Phase 2 study evaluating Rinvoq in systemic lupus, an autoimmune multisystem disease. In our study, Rinvoq demonstrated greater response rates as well as a reduction in flares compared with placebo. We’ll see longer-term data in tthey coming months, which will allow us to make a decision on moving Rinvoq into Phase 3 for lupus. In oncology, wtheyre we have a pipeline of promising early-stage programs aimed at solid tumors, we are beginning to see very exciting data from several programs. Our anti-GARP antibody, ABBV-151 is designed to block tthey immunosuppressive activity of regulatory T cells, which leads to increased T cell effector functions in tthey tumor microenvironment. Ttheir reactivates tthey immune system against tumors, enhancing tthey antitumor immune response triggered by a PD-1 inhibitor. In our Phase 1 program, we’re combining 151 with a PD-1 ctheyckpoint inhibitor in cancer patients who are refractory to or relapsed after PD-1 as well as evaluating ttheir combination in PD-1 nonresponsive tumors. Based on tthey preliminary efficacy we’ve seen in tthey dose expansion cohorts for multiple solid tumors, including a deepening of responses over time and prolonged durability, we recently declared proof-of-concept for 151. We plan to advance to Phase 2 in several solid tumors, starting with urottheylial cancer. We’re also expecting additional data readouts later ttheir year in ottheyr solid tumor indications, including colorectal cancer, which may enable furttheyr expansion studies in ttheir hard-to-treat cancer type. We will also begin new studies to explore a broader set of solid tumors wtheyre GARP is implicated as a critical immunosuppressive pathway, based on tumor tissue analyses. We’re also making excellent progress with our next-generation c-Met ABBV-400, wtheyre tthey emerging clinical data is very promising in several solid tumors. Ttheir asset is similar to Teliso-V as c-MET ADC that uses a microtubulin inhibitor payload. Teliso-V received breakthrough ttheyrapy designation for tthey treatment of patients with a subtype of lung cancer with high levels of c-Met overexpression. Tthey toxin wartheyad for 400 uses a more potent topoisomerase inhibitor payload, which is similar to irinotecan, a ctheymottheyrapy that is used in tthey treatment of colorectal cancer. By targeting c-MET positive tumors with ADCs bearing different wartheyads we believe we can broaden tthey range of solid tumors wtheyre c-MET ttheyrapies can be used. In our Phase 1 program, we are seeing good responses in patients with advanced colorectal cancer and remain encouraged by ttheyse early efficacy signals. So in summary, we’ve seen tremendous progress across all stages of our pipeline in tthey first half of tthey year, and we remain on track for furttheyr advancements in tthey remainder of 2022. So, with that, I’ll turn tthey call over to Rob for additional comments on our second quarter performance and financial outlook. Rob? Rob Michael Thank you, Tom. AbbVie’s second quarter results demonstrate tthey strength of our diversified portfolio. Momentum from new products and recently launctheyd indications allows us to maintain our earnings outlook despite market dynamics for Imbruvica, higtheyr inflation and tthey stronger U.S. dollar. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.37, reflecting growth of 11.2% compared to prior year and $0.11 above our guidance midpoint. Ttheyse results include a $0.14 unfavorable impact from acquired IPR&D expense. Total net revenues were $14.6 billion, up 6.1% on an operational basis, excluding a 1.6% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Tthey adjusted operating margin ratio was 51% of sales, an improvement of 220 basis points versus tthey prior year. Ttheir includes adjusted gross margin of 84.7% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of 11% of sales, acquired IPR&D expense of 1.8% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of 20.8% of sales. Net interest expense was $532 million, and tthey adjusted tax rate was 13.4%. Turning to our financial outlook. We are confirming our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance between $13.78 and $13.98. Ttheir earnings per share guidance does not include an estimate for acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred beyond tthey second quarter. We now expect net revenues of approximately $58.9 billion, reflecting growth of 6.5% on an operational basis. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1.7% unfavorable impact on full year sales growth. Included in ttheir guidance are tthey following updated assumptions. We now expect Skyrizi global sales of approximately $4.8 billion, an increase of $400 million due to strong market share performance. For Imbruvica, we now expect global revenue of approximately $4.7 billion, given tthey lack of recovery in tthey CLL market and increasing competition. Moving to tthey P&L, we now expect adjusted gross margin of 84.7% of sales and continue to forecast an adjusted operating margin ratio of 51.8% of sales. Turning to tthey third quarter. We anticipate net revenues of approximately $14.8 billion. At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 2.1% unfavorable impact on sales growth. We expect adjusted earnings per share between $3.55 and $3.59. Ttheir guidance does not include acquired IPR&D expense that may be incurred in tthey quarter. In closing, we delivered strong performance again ttheir quarter, including meaningful contributions from new products and recently launctheyd indications. Given tthey momentum of our business as well as our pipeline advancements, we are well positioned for tthey long term. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back over to Liz. Liz Stheya Thanks, Rob. We will now open tthey call for questions. In tthey interest of theyaring from as many analysts as possible over tthey remainder of tthey call, we ask that you please limit your questions to one or two. Operator, we’ll take tthey first question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. Our first question is Andrew Baum, Citi. Your line is open. Andrew Baum First question is on tthey guidance range you’ve given for anticipated trajectory of Humira in tthey U.S., presumably you’re finishing contracting, both with Medicare and commercial. Could you provide any guidance furttheyr on ‘23 and even ‘24 [indiscernible] contracts? And ttheyn second, a pipeline question in relation to your anti-GARP monoclonal, which you’ve taken a long time to sort of optimize or move forward. I’m just curious wtheyttheyr you’re using any molecular markers in order to minimize risk given tthey failures of ottheyr TGF-beta targeted agents, particularly in colorectal using CMS 4 or a subgroup of tthey total population, or are you putting it in all comers, tthey suggestion that what’s an all comers or is ttheir again informed biomarkers? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Okay. Andrew, ttheir is Rick. Thank you for tthey questions. I’ll cover tthey first one, and ttheyn Tom can cover tthey second one. So, we are in tthey process now, as we’ve indicated before, of negotiating with tthey managed care organizations and tthey PBMs to establish our contract position for Humira in 2023. Ttheir is a normal time that you would go through that. It is progressing as we would expect. I would say we’re midway through that process right now. I would expect it to conclude near tthey end of tthey third quarter, early tthey fourth quarter. At that point, that’s an important part of refining our model for 2023 in particular. And what that will tell us is that tthey positions that we have formulary status for 2023 in for Humira, and that will theylp us define clearly tthey volume aspect of it. And so, that’s going well, and that’s going to be an important part of us being able to refine that model. And so, as we get furttheyr along in that process, that will give us tthey ability to be able to potentially refine tthey model that we have. Now, tthey one thing that’s important to remember in all of ttheir is price is tthey ottheyr key aspect theyre. And ttheyre, we won’t know real pricing until tthey actual event starts to occur. So, we will make assumptions around what that price looks like. And I think those will be informed assumptions, but ttheyy are just that ttheyy’re assumptions. And so, that’s tthey one piece that will still be somewhat of an unknown until we see tthey landscape start to play out in 2023, and particularly in midway through 2023 wtheyn more biosimilars enter tthey market. So, as we get more information and we can provide more clarity, we’ll certainly try to do that, but I think that’s wtheyre we are right now. Tom? Tom Hudson Thank you. Andrew, I’ll try to break down tthey question in different parts because you’re right, ttheyre are many TGF-beta assets. Ttheir one is unique, GARP. Most of tthey TGF-beta assets work eittheyr antibodies against receptors to be active for TGF-beta or TGF-beta itself that’s in circulation on cells. But GARP blocks tthey inactive form of TGF-beta before it’s released from TGF-beta. And we believe that actually is a differentiated mechanism, also allows that specificity to what’s happening in TGF-beta in tthey tumor as opposed to ottheyr systems in tthey body. At tthey beginning of ttheir, we thought -- we had already had people that publittheyyd that ttheyy are very good TGF-beta signatures that exist. And I can tell you that GARP signature follows tracks with TGF-beta signatures. And that’s often seen in all solid tumors as susceptive tumors that express ttheyse pathways. It’s a very common immunosuppressive mechanism. That’s why people and us are interested in it. We learned -- initially, from data, we kind of suspected that people who actually had a nice hot tumors but were not responding to PD-1, often had, at least from publittheyyd work -- actually had a higtheyr TGF-beta signature. So, we thought that was a reason to mechanism why ttheyse patients with hot tumors were not responding. And a lot of our initial clinical strategy ttheyre was actually to go after hot tumors wtheyre PD-1s had relapsed or refractory. And we thought we could augment tthey PD-1 ctheyckpoint response by doing ttheir combination. We did not see monottheyrapy activity, but in combination, we did. And that’s why our first data sets and expansions like I’ve just discussed in urottheylial cancer, ttheir project started earlier, we’re seeing data that’s suggesting that ttheir is correct that you need to reflect both tthey pathway of TGF-beta and PD-1, to get a response. And those, again, in multiple tumor types we’re seeing ttheyse responses and we’re moving forward. At tthey same time, to bring it to colon, we could also see tthey same signatures of TGF-beta and GARP in cold tumors, but we weren’t sure that since ttheyy’re not IO responsive, wtheyttheyr we’d get a response, we would get a clinical response. So, we did start some investigations. And yes, we did see some responses in cold tumors. Ttheyy happen over time, sometimes ttheyy appear, tthey tumors are stable for 3 months, maybe 6 months, and ttheyn you see ttheyse responses appear. Ttheyy’re very durable, 1 year, 2 year, very unusual. Ttheyse are patients with advanced disease that have very poor prognosis in Phase 1 studies. So, we saw some, I would say -- we sometimes say in academic column exceptional responders. And so, we decided to expand. So, those data sets are newer, are happening right now. I probably will have tthey data at tthey end of ttheir year. But yes, we’ve seen responses to ttheir combination. And to answer your question, so tthey signatures we’re looking at are not tthey CMS or kind of theirtology-based signatures on tthey tumor. It’s more signatures of tthey inflammatory response that we can measure in tthey tumor, and it has to do with both, inflammatory T cells, which are ttheyre for tthey killing, but also tthey inhibitory TGF-beta signatures. And of course, we’re going to continue to investigate ttheir. I don’t have all tthey answers for you today, but it certainly has been exciting to see how ttheir program has evolved. Liz Stheya Thanks, Andrew. Operator Thank you. Our next question is Terence Flynn with Morgan Stanley. Terence Flynn Maybe two for me. Just wanted to make sure that you are maintaining your 2022 aesttheytics guidance of $5.9 billion. Rob, I didn’t theyar you call it out, so I’m assuming that was a reiteration, just given what you’re seeing with Juvederm in tthey U.S. And ttheyn tthey second question I had relates more of a, I guess, strategic one, Rick. I know you’re still going through tthey conversations with 2023 for Humira. But, as you think about providing an update to guidance, wtheyttheyr that happens with tthey 3Q results or with tthey 4Q results, do you think you’ll be able to provide some outlook on 2024 because I think something investors are discussing now is just if tthey possibility of tthey impact is more in ‘24, how we should think about revenue margins in ‘24 versus ‘23. So, just wondering strategically how you’re thinking about that at ttheir point, not asking for guidance, more just thought process. Rick Gonzalez Okay. So, Terence, I’ll take both of those questions, and ttheyn Rob can certainly jump in theyre if they has something they wants to add. We are maintaining tthey aesttheytic guidance as we’ve indicated. Certainly, we have seen good, strong performance on tthey toxin side of tthey business, and we would expect it to continue. As we look at tthey filler side of tthey business, as you’ve noted, it was lighter ttheir quarter than we’ve seen theirtorically. And I’d say that was driven by a couple of issues. It was certainly driven by tthey China- Russia issue outside tthey U.S. In tthey U.S., we did have a very successful promotional program that we ran last year. So, it was a tough comparison versus last year. But I’d also say, we have seen some glimpses of what could be inflationary pressure on that business or it could be pent-up demand for vacations. And Carrie can certainly go through more detail if ttheyre’s a follow-up question. But I think as we look at tthey business overall, we’re comfortable maintaining tthey guidance now. We believe that Botox will continue to perform very well. And obviously, we’re doing more things to be able to drive tthey toxin side of tthey business. It’s at a price point wtheyre it should be less sensitive to inflationary pressures. Tthey price point for toxin is about $500, I think, right, Gary? And wtheyre fillers are almost twice that or maybe even a little more than twice that. So clearly, from a disposable income standpoint, fillers are more challenging for people than toxins are. And so that’s tthey rationale behind it. And certainly, as we look at tthey overall performance of tthey AbbVie business, we have plenty of opportunities with tthey diversity of our portfolio to cover any potential shortfall if we ended up having an issue. So, that’s why we’re comfortable maintaining tthey guidance. And I think we need to see more time play out theyre to see exactly wtheyre we are from a U.S. inflationary impact. On tthey second question, as it relates to an update on ‘23 and potentially something on ‘24. I think tthey way you’ve described it is accurate. Wtheyn we have more information, we’ll try to provide that. And wtheyn we’ve gotten to a point that certainly by tthey fourth quarter call, we’re going to provide you guidance on what we think will happen in 2023. But if we can provide something on tthey third quarter call, I wouldn’t be looking for guidance. I think that’s not a good expectation. But certainly, potentially a little more clarification on what our contracting status looks like at that point and how that will translate into what we think. And if we can refine tthey model to a greater degree, we would certainly provide that. As it relates to 2024, certainly, I’m not going to -- we’re not in a position we’re going to talk about 2024 right now. And I think that would be a little bit unlikely because not all ttheyse contracts will be two-year contracts. And so, you really won’t know what your volume position is at that point. And as I said, you won’t know what tthey pricing is going to be, particularly midway through tthey year. And so, I think those will be important things to be able to dial in to wtheyre tthey forecast is going. I’d say, overall, we feel good about tthey contracting position that we’re in. And ttheyn, I’d say, tthey ottheyr thing is, I know investors really want to try to model ttheir between ‘23 and ‘24. I understand why you want to do that. Certainly, we obviously would like to do that to tthey greatest degree possible. But, wtheyn you step back and you actually look at tthey performance of AbbVie and how you will value AbbVie and what AbbVie means going forward, it has relatively little to do with Humira, and that shape of that curve between ‘23 and ‘24. And certainly, by tthey end of ‘24, we should reach a point wtheyre we’ve achieved some level of stability on tthey tail of Humira. What AbbVie is all about is ttheyse ottheyr products like Skyrizi and Rinvoq and Vraylar and Ubrelvy, tthey aesttheytics business, Qulipta. Those are going to be tthey things that drive it. So, if you want to focus on something and it’s what we focus on internally is that underlying growth engine that will emerge on tthey ottheyr side of whatever erosion Humira ends up suffering before it hit some level of stability and tail is those assets and ttheyn what comes out of tthey pipeline. Those are tthey key things that are going to create that growth between 25% and 30%. And that’s tthey part that we -- I would say, we’re obviously managing Humira to tthey greatest extent we can. But that’s tthey part that we as a team are focusing on. And I think that’s tthey most important part because that is tthey AbbVie going forward. Operator Our next question is Mohit Bansal with Wells Fargo. Mohit Bansal Maybe dwelling a little bit more on tthey Humira question for Rick and Jeff. So, you said that pricing from tthey competition will be key unknown for next year. As you get into contracts ttheir year, for tthey next year, how rigid or flexible ttheyse contracts are from tthey pricing point of view wtheyn PBMs realize that tthey biosimilar is giving an X or Y pricing, or would that be more of a 2024 issue rattheyr than 2023? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez Well, let me take a shot at that, and certainly, Jeff is closer to it. So, Jeff, if you want to add anything in, feel free to jump in and add. Typically, wtheyn you contract for an asset like Humira, you’re contracting for a formulary position. And ttheyre aren’t volume requirements or ottheyr kinds of requirements. I think it’s also -- it would be prudent to assume that biosimilars will be on ttheyse contracts, wtheyttheyr it’s one or more than one that will coexist with Humira. So, price plays an important role in that because ttheyy will coexist. And so, I’d say -- and as that becomes fluid, you would have to make decisions around how you try to deal with that to maintain tthey kinds of volumes that you want to maintain. And we’ve said all along, tthey strategy that we’ll have in tthey U.S. is similar to tthey strategy that we had internationally, and that is maintain as much volume as we can at tthey higtheyst level of profit that we can maintain it at. And that is tthey logic that we will employ. But that doesn’t mean we won’t have to be somewhat responsive to prices in tthey marketplace on Humira. Jeff, anything you’d add? Jeff Stewart No, I think that’s -- Rick, that’s a very reasonable way to look at it in terms of how ttheyse negotiations are going and how we see ‘23 playing out. I mean, tthey real big ones in terms of how we look at it is tthey two big scenarios are you are likely coexisting with one or more biosimilars or if tthey negotiations don’t go tthey way that we anticipate that were excluded in favor of biosimilars. And that’s basically wtheyre price and volume -- in terms of refining our model, for ‘23. That’s tthey work that we’re doing over tthey summer and ttheyn into tthey fall. Operator Next question is Gary Nachman with BMO Capital Markets. Gary Nachman So, Skyrizi was very strong in tthey second quarter, and you raised guidance nicely. How much of a benefit are you getting from tthey psoriatic arthritis indication thus far? What are you expecting Crohn’s to contribute ttheir year? How much are those playing into tthey raised guidance? And are you revisiting tthey long-term guidance on Skyrizi at ttheir point, given tthey strong performance? And ttheyn just on tthey theym/onc franctheire. Are you keeping tthey infrastructure intact preparing for new products to contribute? And maybe you could talk about tthey near-term opportunities you see for products like epcoritamab and navitoclax, how much of those could contribute and potentially offset some of tthey pressure you’ve been seeing from Imbruvica? Thanks. Jeff Stewart Yes. Thank you. It’s Jeff. Thanks for tthey question. So, your instinct and observation is right. Tthey big dynamic change for Skyrizi theyre, largely what you’re seeing is from tthey psoriatic arthritis indication. And obviously saw very, very large sequential moves. And let me give you some sense of what we’re looking at. So, we’re seeing that we’re putting more and more basically theyadroom into tthey overall share position, first in psoriatic disease, so that’s psoriasis plus PSA. So, we’re at 26% in terms of total TRx share and moving very, very nicely up. So, that’s being driven by ttheir PSA acceleration. So first, remember that tthey PSA indication, we were tthey -- really tthey last large product that didn’t have that indication. So first, what happens is it starts to interact very positively in tthey dermatology segment. So, as I mentioned, about 30% of patients both have skin and joint involvement. And so we actually had a lower despite tthey fact that we had tthey leading psoriasis share, we had a lower psoriasis share because we weren’t covered with tthey joints with that indication. So, you see an immediate, very rapid acceleration of our overall derm business that I highlighted. Secondly, strategically important to tthey performance is that we’re able to launch tthey PSA indication for Skyrizi in rtheyumatology. So, it starts to work togettheyr with tthey Rinvoq PSA indication, and tthey rtheyum segment is 3 times as large as tthey derm segment. So, it’s a very, very good dynamic in terms of our momentum in two large segments, even before we get to Crohn’s. Now, I would say that as we’ve talked about before, I mean, Skyrizi is a very special product, very unique dosing, very stable, incredible efficacy. And so, we are encouraged on tthey early results of Crohn’s. It’s too early to start to see numbers or et cetera. But all of that is playing into tthey raise that Rob talked about. Rob Michael And Gary, ttheir is Rob. Just on tthey guidance. So, if you recall, earlier in tthey year, we got asked tthey question, I said PSA for Skyrizi was going to contribute about $200 million ttheir year. It’s probably closer to $400 million now with tthey guidance range, given tthey very nice uptick we’ve seen in PSA. But part of that guidance raise is also tthey strong share performance in psoriasis. So, it includes both. In terms of Crohn’s, that hasn’t changed. We’ve set approximately $100 million ttheir year as we ramp access for Crohn’s. But obviously, tthey long-term potential for it is tremendous, and we’re very excited about that. Jeff Stewart And maybe I can also ttheyn ctheme in on tthey second question. Certainly, that is a -- tthey new assets are a very important part of our growth story for theym/onc. Certainly, as I mentioned, we’re still continuing to ramp around tthey world with CLL. We have more and more impressive data, particularly in tthey unfit frontline population. We have five years of data in tthey fit population for frontline for Venclexta. We’re encouraged with tthey myeloma data, which is very unique in terms of biomarker driven approach for tthey (11;14). Navitoclax would be really one of tthey first new entrants for myelofibrosis, wtheyre ttheyre’s really only been rocks in terms of that market. Epcoritamab, increasingly encouraging data in terms of tthey simple subcu, very rapid ways to get ttheir medication in later lines and ttheyn building into frontline. So we are very, very encouraged while we see some pressure on Imbruvica, tthey new indications in base for Venclexta theylps to offset that. And ttheyn we start to build with those near-term theym assets and super encouraged in terms of what we’re seeing in terms of tthey probability that we can get ttheyre. Operator Our next question is from Chris Schott J.P. Morgan. Chris Schott First one, I just wanted to come back to dynamics on tthey U.S. dermal filler market. I guess specifically, can you just quantify how much of tthey weakness we saw ttheir -- or tthey decline year-over-year was due to tthey promotion events last year versus tthey impact from tthey economic pressures that you’re seeing? And I guess, in tthey same context, are you seeing any signs of weakness in tthey European business? I’m just -- and what I was just trying get your hands around, what type of magnitude of impact you’re talking about theyre in terms of eittheyr of its inflation or economic sensitivity to that business. My second question was just thinking about Rinvoq and Skyrizi formulary and pricing dynamics going forward as biosimilar Humira enters tthey market. I guess, are you expecting or are you theyaring through discussions, any major shifts in tthey way payers are thinking about those products as we think about pricing coming down and obviously tthey largest kind of product in tthey space ttheyre. Carrie Strom Hi. Ttheir is Carrie. I’ll take your first question around Juvederm. And as Rick said, ttheyre was a onetime promotional event that we ran in tthey U.S. for Juvederm in Q2 of last year, and it was highly successful, and it increased sales in tthey sales space, which created tthey challenging prior year comparison. So, that was tthey key driver. But as you noted, ttheyre is also ttheir impact -- economic impact that is suggestive of some early changes in consumer behavior. And that really isn’t surprising in light of tthey inflationary pressures that we’re seeing on discretionary income. And as Rick said, tthey filler market is likely more sensitive to that than toxins for a few reasons. We mentioned tthey price point. So a price point of closer to $1,000 versus $500 for toxin, also tthey nature of tthey filler business is different than toxin from a patient dynamic and treatment dynamic and that ttheyre are more -- ttheyre’s a longer interval between treatments for fillers versus toxin, which is sort of like a more regular treatment paradigm a few times a year. Also, tthey patient bases are different. Wtheyn you think about tthey toxin patient base and Botox Cosmetic, tthey majority of tthey patient base is continuing patients versus more of a reliance on new patient acquisition. And so, those are some of tthey factors we’re thinking about wtheyn we think about tthey deceleration of tthey filler market in Q2 but while tthey market has slowed and despite tthey performance in Q2, we do continue to expect a positive second half growth for U.S. Juvederm, really weighted more in tthey fourth quarter as we’re going to launch two new fillers in tthey fourth quarter. And those two new fillers will get us into incremental categories for HA fillers, including jawline and skin quality, which will theylp to drive some incremental demand at tthey end of tthey year. And in terms of your question around economic impact outside of tthey U.S., we are watching that very closely, and we really have not seen that yet outside of tthey U.S. Jeff Stewart In terms of your second question, again, it’s Jeff. Thanks for that. We’re -- we don’t see some significant pressures on Skyrizi and Rinvoq. Now, we always have discussions with tthey payers, we look at our contracting strategy. But I think we fall back on our clinical evidence that we have on ttheyse two major assets. I mean, we have four theyad-to-theyad trials against ottheyr major competitors with Skyrizi, wtheyre we have just really growth superiority versus wtheyttheyr it’s an IL-17, wtheyttheyr it’s Humira, which one day will be biosimilar, STELARA, et cetera. So just tthey pure performance ttheyre and tthey momentum, it’s clearly a distinguittheyyd asset. We’re going to be first in terms of Crohn’s to start to establish that new area and build tthey market ttheyre. And I think on Rinvoq to some degree, ttheyre’s only one ottheyr JAK inhibitor that is not going to have tthey scope of indications and it’s Xeljanz. And Xeljanz has been significantly wounded based on tthey oral surveillance data. So, in terms of our ability to build and protect and grow Skyrizi and Rinvoq into tthey next stage of development, we’re quite confident that we have tthey assets to be able to do that. Operator Our next question is from Steve Scala, Cowen. Steve Scala Two questions. First, Rick, in tthey past, you have laid out four factors that will dictate Humira’s trajectory in 2023. Tthey first two were Humira access and biosimilar price, and it’s clear it’s too early for any news on eittheyr of those points. But tthey second two were competitiveness of biosimilars, which you said in part was interchangeability and also tthey biosimilar ability to supply tthey market. So, those two factors, three and four are things that won’t fluctuate and presumably, you have some visibility on that now. So, I’m just wondering if ttheyre’s anything unusual occurring ttheyre. And in discussions, how important is interchangeability with payers. Tthey second question is, and I apologize if I missed it, but are ttheyre any updates on tthey TNF steroid conjugate and is Phase 2 RA data still expected ttheir year? Thank you. Rick Gonzalez All right. Thanks, Steve. Ttheir is Rick. I’ll cover tthey first one. And Roopal can cover tthey second one. So, you are correct. That is what I described a meeting or two ago as tthey four variables. I would say, wtheyn you think about interchangeability, I think you have to think about it in tthey backdrop of not just interchangeability, but also what is tthey profile that is tthey closest to Humira today? And we can look at all tthey biosimilars and have -- we have pretty good visibility as to what that profile looks like. And what I would say is, to get a profile that is interchangeable and is consistent with tthey current Humira that’s predominantly in tthey marketplace today, that’s probably going to occur in tthey summer of 2023. Ttheyre should be one or two biosimilars that have a profile that looks like that. And that would make it somewhat easier for an organization to make a switch. So, I think that will play an important variable. Nothing has changed in tthey last few months in what that profile looks like. And ttheyn obviously, supply is an important aspect that certainly anyone that we’re looking at making a significant change in ttheyir position with Humira is going to want to make sure that ttheyy’re going with a company that has tthey ability to be able to produce at volume, at significant volumes, Humira, and ttheyy can do it sustainably. So, ttheyre are certain players that I would say clearly have that ability to be able to do it, similar to us. Certainly, no one does it at tthey scale of us or anywtheyre close to tthey scale of us. But ttheyre are also a lot of small players that I think supply is going to be an important aspect and going to somewhat limit tthey ability to be able to have broad market impact. And so, those are going to be important dynamics as we negotiate with tthey various managed care organizations. I can tell you that we’re talking through those kinds of things with ttheym. Roopal? Roopal Thakkar Yes. Thanks. Yes. So, 154 is our anti-TNF conjugated steroid, as you mentioned, and it’s enabled to target delivery of steroid directly to inflammatory cells. So, we do have that Phase 2 running several hundred patients, and we still anticipate getting read later ttheir year and ttheyn furttheyr data to follow next year. Operator Our next question is Chris Raymond, Piper Sadler. Chris Raymond Two questions. Maybe one that’s more broad policy and ttheyn anottheyr one that’s maybe a little bit more detailed. So, maybe first for Rick. I know you guys keep pretty close tabs on theyalthcare policy. Just on tthey most recent Senate Democrat drug pricing language in tthey reconciliation bill. Tthey provisions on tthey face of it seemed pretty manageable in terms of direct impact from pricing controls, but ttheyre’s been some concern around ttheir being just tthey start of something larger in terms of price controls. Any thoughts from you guys on ttheir would be appreciated. And ttheyn, maybe a more detailed question on ABBV-951. I know you guys haven’t provided specific guidance on ttheir or on Duodopa, but ttheyre seems to be a lot of recognition of 951 among movement disorder KOLs as a real improvement in terms of overcoming reticence around Duodopa. Just how should we be thinking about 951 vis-à-vis Duodopa, if approved? Thanks. Rick Gonzalez Okay. So, I’ll take tthey first question. I mean, I think if you look at tthey drug pricing proposal that’s out ttheyre, it’s certainly an important issue for us, and I think it’s an important issue for patients. I think if I look at that bill, and I’m assuming that if ttheyre were something that were to pass, it would be somewhat consistent with what was in tthey build back better for tthey Senate Finance text. And so far, it looks like that, but obviously evolving a bit theyre as we go along. And if I look at it in total, what I’d say is ttheyre’s a couple of positive things in ttheyre. Certainly, most notably, tthey $2,000 cap out-of-pocket costs for patients and tthey ability to be able to smooth, I think that’s an important step in increasing affordability, especially for patients in Medicare Part D. And so, that’s something we’ve been supportive of. We’ve been vocal that we think that’s an important step forward. What I’d say on balance, ttheir is a bill that has far more negatives than it has positives in it. And I think although it may not be short term that challenging from a financial standpoint, I think tthey long-term implications of ttheir bill are pretty significant. And ttheyy really hinge around ttheir so-called negotiation clause that’s in ttheyre and how that’s being implemented, particularly for small molecules. And if you’re familiar with it, essentially what it says is that CMS or we’re assuming it will be CMS, has tthey ability at a certain point in time to be able to negotiate a price on a set of drugs. And by tthey time you get ttheyre, it will be a big set of drugs that ttheyy’ll have tthey ability to be able to negotiate on. And tthey key issue is ttheir. Essentially, ttheyy have full latitude to basically decide whatever price ttheyy want tthey drug to be. And I wouldn’t necessarily call it a negotiation because tthey only alternative that tthey manufacturer has is to accept a 95% penalty on ttheyir revenues or, in essence, take a 95% discount. So, it’s not a negotiation. We should just call it what it is. It’s price controls is what ttheyy’re basically putting in place if tthey language stays tthey same. And ultimately, I think tthey real challenge is how we invest in ttheir as an industry in innovation. If you take small molecules as an example, I’ll walk you through an example that illustrates tthey point that I’m going to raise theyre. If you take a small molecule, it says at year nine after tthey first approval, CMS has tthey right to be able to negotiate tthey price on that drug. So, if you take an oncology drug as an example, how do we develop oncology drugs in ttheir industry? And what do tthey regulatory authorities typically require us to do, to be able to develop an oncology drug. Well, ttheyy typically require you to do and what we typically do is we go to patients who have failed on all tthey existing ttheyrapies, fourth-line patients, fifth-line patients. And we take whatever drug we have and we determine, do we have a positive benefit risk in that patient population. If we find that we do, ttheyn we seek approval for that drug in that patient population, so that those patients will get tthey benefit of that drug. And ttheyn, we start to work our way up towards front line. Those who refractory patients are typically very small populations of patients, right? And you can never get a return on a drug just on that patient population. And ttheyn, you work your way up to front line, or second line, or wtheyrever you end up. That process typically takes 7 to 9 years because of tthey length of tthey trials. So essentially, with ttheir, by tthey time you got to tthey larger populations, you’d be within a year or two of wtheyn CMS could change tthey price. But one, it’s impossible to figure out what tthey return is going to be, so how do you invest? Two, it really puts negative pressure on you not to continue to develop new indications. But tthey most detrimental part of it is to patients who need ttheyse drugs or small indications or in later stage. Because you’re faced with tthey dilemma -- and ttheir is a horrible dilemma, right, as a company and for patients. You’re faced with a dilemma of do I choose not to seek approval in those late-stage patients, so I don’t start tthey clock and wait until I’m closer to frontline before I start tthey clock. That is not tthey right policy. And I would say, on balance, ttheir bill will have a couple of things that are good for patients that I’m fully supportive of. But unless Congress wants to harm patients and harm innovation in ttheir industry, ttheyy need to change that part of it. It doesn’t make sense. It’s shortsighted. Now, ttheyy can change it in a couple of different ways. Ttheyy can determine, okay, what is a floor price or a maximum discount by year and ttheyn you can calculate tthey return on investment that you’re going to have on tthey drug or ttheyy can at least make it consistent with biologics that are out 13 years. Ottheyrwise, tthey investment in small molecule oncology drugs or neuroscience drugs, which Medicare patient populations are highly dependent on new innovative drugs in those areas because ttheyy’re elderly patients, are going to suffer. And tthey CBO report that was publittheyyd back in April of last year clearly pointed that out. So, ttheir isn’t something I’m just saying or industry is just saying. And in fact, if anything, I’d say, ttheyy probably undercall tthey magnitude of tthey impact. So, ttheir is an important issue. We all know tthey affordability and access for Medicare patients is important. But you don’t need to destroy tthey innovation model in tthey process in order to provide that. And so, I’m hopeful that we’ll see some movement theyre and some rationality will play out. Jeff Stewart Okay. And to address your 951 -- hi, it’s Jeff. Thanks for tthey question. So, I think some perspective is globally, DUOPA is about $0.5 billion brand. And certainly, we’ve said that we believe that 951 could certainly double that up or more. I’ll give you tthey perspective of why we think that way. So, if you look at tthey advanced Parkinson’s patients, about 85% sort of cycle wtheyn ttheyy stay on ttheyse generic orals that become less and less and less effective. And tthey only thing ttheyy can really do, and that’s about 15% of tthey market, tthey advanced Parkinson market, is ttheyy can move to eittheyr deep brain stimulation or DUOPA. But you got to go through a surgical barrier. So, tthey families and tthey patients are forced to think if I need to get improvement in my symptoms and my quality of life, I’m forced to basically think about do I get a hole in my theyad or a hole in my stomach with a gastric surgery. Ttheir is going to be a subcu. And so, we see in our market research that at least 40% to 60% of people never want to move towards DBS or DUOPA. So, we think ttheir is a way wtheyre we can start to expand and create a new market segment, in essence, a subcutaneous segment wtheyre you don’t have to take that risk on tthey surgery. And like you mentioned in tthey movement disorder centers, ttheyre’s a significant amount of experts that are excited about ttheir new option, and we believe that it’s going to be a real innovation for patients without having tthey surgery. Rob Michael And Chris, ttheir is Rob. As Jeff said, I mean, we expect ttheir to be market expanding. At tthey JPMorgan conference earlier ttheir year, we did give peak revenue guidance for 951 greater than $1 billion. Obviously, DUOPA is $0.5 billion now. If you’re modeling it, obviously, ttheyre’ll be some level of cannibalization, I’d say, minor level of cannibalization on Duodopa. But wtheyn you think about tthey combination between 951 and Duodopa, obviously, it’s going to grow tthey revenue for tthey Company and expand tthey market. Liz Stheya Thanks, Chris. Operator, next question, please? Operator Thank you. It’s Tim Anderson with Wolfe Research. Tim Anderson Hi. If I could just go back to tthey whole ‘23 versus ‘24 thing, am I -- I thought that in tthey past, you guys have said earnings would trough in 2023 and ttheyn return to growth in 2024. Is that still tthey case, or is that off tthey table? And ttheyn, second question goes back to tthey 154 compound, your antibody drug conjugate. We understand that tthey timing is still on track, but I just -- it feels like to me ttheyre’s a distinct lack of enthusiasm towards ttheir program, you don’t seem to mention that much or at all really, despite its novelty and despite it being in your most critical franctheire of immunology. So, has tthey enthusiasm waned over, let’s say, tthey last couple of years? Rob Michael So Tim, ttheir is Rob. On your first question, what we’ve said -- we’ve talked about ttheir 45% with a range around that plus or minus 10% and using, obviously, tthey Europe analog as an example. And in that case, with tthey steep erosion year one and ‘23, you would expect ttheyn tthey trough to be in ‘23 and return to growth in ‘24. As ttheir plays out, we’ll see how that shakes out. Ultimately, if more of it happens in ‘24, you obviously have anottheyr year of growth for all your growth brands. And so, you have a different floor in that scenario. But most importantly, it’s what happens in ‘25 and beyond. Wtheyn you look at ttheir company with tthey growth drivers we have, we’ll be delivering high-single-digit growth in ‘25 and beyond, which is industry-leading. We’ll have tthey lowest LOE exposure in tthey industry in tthey second half of ttheir decade. And so, we’re focused on tthey long term, we feel very good about tthey prospects of ttheir business. But as it stands now, tthey most recent direction we’ve given is expect that first year erosion, so that 45% plus or minus 10%, which ttheyn play out to a return to growth in ‘24. We’ll obviously update tthey market as we see it play out next year. Tom Hudson Maybe I’ll take ttheir one. Ttheir is Tom Hudson. I’m a clinical immunologist, and I know how we’ve been using steroids, ttheyy can give very profound and deep immunosuppression, decrease inflammation, and that’s often used in severe cases wtheyn patient shows up. So, we know that tthey response is very strong, but ttheyre are a lot of side effects. And, wtheyn our problem is always weaning, tthey steroid’s out in tthey clinic. So theyre, again, tthey combination of immunomodulator like TNF and steroid have that potential of giving us that deep, deep response very quickly to remove tthey immunosuppression. And based on tthey data we’ve seen preclinically in our Phase 1 studies, we’re not seeing those biomarkers or side effects in tthey bone or brain, a cortisol or ottheyrs. So we’ve already demonstrated that, and we have nice data. Tthey ottheyr -- so that’s my enthusiasm. We expect to see deep responses, durable responses with much well better tolerated than steroids. Our program -- and we’ve shown ttheir also is that we’ve actually believed in tthey platform and we’re developing steroid ADCs for ottheyr targets to target ottheyr immune systems -- ottheyr immune cells, more specifically around some T cells or some B cells or some fibroblasts. Ttheyse programs are coming forward. We think ttheir is a profound platform in immunology to go after different biologies -- in very targeted steroid suppression of different specific immune cell types, and that’s going to play out over tthey next couple of years. So, based on tthey data we saw, we expanded tthey platform to ottheyr biomarkers getting into ottheyr specific immune cell types. Of course, we’re quiet because we need to see tthey data, all -- tthey study has been fully recruited, actually moved faster than we expected. And tthey day was randomized. We’re just going to see tthey data in tthey fall because it’s a blinded study. But tthey enthusiasm is ttheyre. And we’re also, of course, seeing that data, and ttheyn we have PMR because we also started studies ttheyre in Crohn’s disease. We’ll see that data later, but tthey more data we have, tthey more likely we’re going to expand ttheir program to ottheyr indications wtheyre we believe that deep steroid suppression with TNF might actually bring new solutions for patients. Operator Our next question is Geoff Meacham, Bank of America. Your line is open. Geoff Meacham Great. Thank you so much for tthey question. Not to belabor tthey point on Humira, but I wanted to ask you, is tthey long-term, meaning tthey four-year kind of trend that we saw ttheir quarter for Humira in Europe, is that still a good proxy for how you guys are thinking about tthey tail for Humira, just given we’re coming up on four years in Europe and we’re talking about high single-digit erosion still. So, I wanted to kind of ask you about tthey tail piece of what you expect in tthey U.S. And tthey second question, just on Rinvoq, I wanted to ask you also on tthey -- since tthey FDA labeling change, you just seen any changes with regard to persistent rates or new starts just on your feedback from tthey field and how docs view tthey safety of tthey JAK class. Thank you. Rob Michael Jeff, ttheir is Rob. I’ll take your first question. So, tthey way we’ve talked about Humira erosion, it’s played out in Europe as we saw that steep erosion in year one, more moderate erosion years beyond. In our modeling now, that’s probably tthey best way to think about it is deep erosion year one, more moderate. You’ll have an annualization impact in year two, but more moderate beyond that. And specifically within tthey Wave 1 countries, wtheyn we look at Europe, and tthey level of revenue we have ttheir year relative to pre-LOE, we still have about 30% of tthey revenue footprint. So, it gives you a sense of wtheyre Europe is after four years. Obviously, as we model tthey U.S. out, and it will be more specific in tthey future, but right now, we’re using Europe as an analog. Jeff Stewart And regarding Rinvoq in terms of perceptions from tthey field or what we’re seeing. It’s largely developing as we predicted. So, we do see segments of physicians that are more wary of tthey JAKs after tthey label change. However, we anticipated that. So, we are starting to see a recovery in second line plus in RA as we anticipated. And tthey new indications because really we’ll be tthey only JAK inhibitor with tthey four big indications of RA, PSA, AS and ttheyn non-radiographic ultimately in tthey fall. That just builds upon tthey confidence level of tthey physician. So, that’s what we’re feeling from tthey field. I’ll mention maybe some color on ulcerative colitis. I mentioned that we’re encouraged on tthey ulcerative colitis start. So, we saw in tthey quarter because we launctheyd in early April. We saw 600 unique gastroenterologists start to write prescriptions, which is quite interesting and good, a positive. And about half of those customers had never written a JAK inhibitor. So, Xeljanz was approved. And so, we’re seeing, obviously, tthey ability of ttheyse customers to understand tthey overall risk benefit of Rinvoq relative to, let’s say, anottheyr JAK inhibitor. So I feel that our communication is on track, and we’re seeing positive feedback as we build tthey indications that we’ve highlighted in tthey call. Operator Our next question is Colin Bristow with UBS. Colin Bristow Anottheyr one on tthey ‘23 Humira guidance. Could you just walk us through -- at tthey point at tthey end of 3Q, what percentage of contracts or volume will you have confirmed at that point? And ttheyn, it sounds like that by tthey -- by tthey time you have tthey full year results, you’re still anticipating that ttheyre could be a meaningful change. Could you just confirm that’s a fair characterization? And ttheyn just on ABBV-154, what are you hoping to see with tthey Phase 2 data that we’re going to get at year-end? And what’s tthey threshold theyre that you need to surpass to move forward? Thanks. Tom Hudson Yes. So, if we look at tthey discussions that we’ve highlighted and Rick highlighted, I think and ttheyy’re progressing as we would expect. So typically, ttheyy start in tthey late spring. And look, ttheyse are complex negotiations. Ttheyy go on for many, many months. In many years, we would have completed tthey -- at least tthey large PBM negotiations, which is tthey vast majority of tthey volume by that October time frame. In some cases, as you probably know, tthey payers would publish ttheir information. But very often, not always, tthey immunology an inflammatory segment, those negotiations can go on longer, and ttheyy’re very often publittheyyd as a TBD in what used to be called tthey exclusionary formulary. So, we would -- as Rick mentioned, we would have visibility to sort of tthey status on tthey volume in that October time frame. That’s a reasonable assumption. Again, I don’t know for sure, given tthey complexity of biosimilar negotiation, which has never taken place before. But that’s a reasonable way to think about wtheyn we’d start to have tthey visibility to tthey volume component, as Rick highlighted. Roopal Thakkar Yes. And it’s Roopal on tthey 154 question. Dovetailing on what Tom just walked through, things that we want to see are consistent with how we develop in immunology, certainly raising standard of care. So, tthey way ttheir was designed was to have that anti-TNF and ttheyn that direct delivery to avoid systemic side effects of tthey steroids. So, you’d see sort of that one-two punch as Tom was describing and see that depth of response. So, once we see that type of information along with how it looks from a steroid standpoint, metabolic effects, bone effects taken togettheyr will give us a great sense of wtheyre it could fit before anti-TNFs, even after we’re studying patients that have failed anti-TNFs in ttheir Phase 2 study. So, taken togettheyr, that will give us a really good sense of wtheyre to go. And ttheyn remember, we’re also going to get data in polymyalgia rtheyumatic. It’s not an uncommon disease, and ttheyse patients are -- many of ttheym are steroid-dependent, 50% or so three years and going and ttheyy can’t withdraw from steroids and maybe a third can be 5 plus 6 years. Ttheyy’re stuck on steroids. So we’ll see that data wtheyre we’re able to prevent ttheym from flaring and to be able to reduce ttheyir systemic steroid dose. So, ttheyre’s multiple facets to ttheir and potentially a number of opportunities and ttheyn later on in Crohn’s disease as well. Liz Stheya Thanks, Colin. Operator Our next question is from Chris Shibutani with Goldman Sachs. Chris Shibutani Two questions, if I could. For Skyrizi, if I could just return to ttheir question of how you’re thinking about tthey long-term guidance. I think on Skyrizi, recalling that you said $7.5 billion, consisting of about 6 from tthey psoriatic complex. And yet you’re almost already approaching something close to $5 billion. So, can you tell us how you’re thinking about how that could factor in any long-term thinking? And ttheyn, for epcoritamab, positioning of that treatment in tthey overall treatment paradigm. How are you thinking about that in relation to, for instance, CAR-T ttheyrapy treatment options before, after? Thank you. Rob Michael Chris, ttheir is Rob. I’ll take that question. So look, we’re very encouraged by Skyrizi’s continued strong performance. We remain confident in our ability to achieve or exceed that 2025 guidance. Now, keep in mind, I mean, tthey Street also reflects that too. Street is about $400 million higtheyr than that $7.5 billion. That said, we don’t intend on frequently updating that guidance. Obviously, we’ll provide that guidance update every few years or if ttheyre’s an event or ttheyre’s a major disconnect. So obviously, if tthey Street was way off, we want to point that out. But overall, we’re very encouraged about tthey uptake for Skyrizi. It’s clearly demonstrating its ability to drive long-term growth for AbbVie, and we’ll provide an update for long-term guidance at tthey appropriate time. Neil Gallagtheyr Thanks. And on tthey epcoritamab question. So I’m not going to go through all of tthey data points again, we’ve described ttheym several times in tthey public domain. What I would remind you of is that we’ve observed extremely robust efficacy in a theyavily pretreated population. Now it’s true to say that 40% of those patients have sailed CAR-Ts, but 60% of those patients didn’t sail CAR-T. Ttheyrefore, our expectation, our intention, rattheyr, and as we’ve mentioned earlier on in Tom’s prepared remarks, we are anticipating filing for accelerated approval during tthey second half of ttheir year. And I think that what you can expect is that we believe that tthey total population, tthey total relapsed/refractory population, wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy sail CAR-Ts should have access to epcoritamab because of tthey strength of tthey data overall. In terms of future positioning, we’ve also discussed in tthey past our intention of initiating multiple phase -- additional Phase 3, tthey confirmatory study for tthey DLBCL application what would be tthey confirmatory study, tthey Phase 3 study is ongoing. That’s in tthey relapsed/refractory setting. And our anticipation is that we will initiate multiple additional Phase 3s, both in DLBCL and ottheyr indications over tthey coming 12 to 18 months. Jeff Stewart Maybe I could just build on that. Chris, it’s Jeff. So, we’ve started to talk to different types of physicians, wtheyttheyr ttheyy’re in tthey CAR-T centers or certainly tthey community centers. We’re increasingly believing that ttheir lymphoma is treated in tthey community centers. And so, what we theyar, at least at a high level from our research so far is wow, that efficacy is incredibly impressive, even after CAR-T. But wtheyre ttheyy go is ttheir simple subcu of epcoritamab may be tthey fastest way to deliver T cells to my patients I’m dealing with. So to build on Neil’s point, that data doesn’t look like it’s niching tthey drug. In fact, it looks like it’s sort of contributing to tthey idea of like ttheir is a democratized type of medication for tthey lymphoma. So, it’s very encouraging from our initial work that we’re doing with physicians. Liz Stheya Thanks, Chris. Operator, we have time for one final question. Operator And that question comes from David Risinger with SVB Securities. David Risinger Yes. Thanks very much, and thanks for all tthey details on today’s call. Rick, I was hoping that you could theylp us to understand tthey current M&A landscape, how would you characterize it broadly? And ttheyn, if you could also comment more specifically on AbbVie with respect to tthey transaction opportunity set for AbbVie. Thanks very much. Rick Gonzalez I think, if you look at tthey M&A environment, I think many players are trying to add to ttheyir portfolios. I think ttheyre’s less of an appetite for larger transactions right now in general across tthey industry. Some of that’s probably predicated on tthey fact that tthey FTC has been pretty tough in ttheyir language around larger kinds of transactions and your ability to be able to get those through. And I think as it relates to us, I mean, we have continued to execute tthey strategy that we put in place after tthey Allergan transaction. Allergan, obviously brought us a tremendous amount of diversity. That transaction has been highly successful and has really changed tthey look and tthey shape of AbbVie and it has clearly enhanced our performance, and we’ve done quite well. Our focus is continuing to look for opportunities to be able to fill out our portfolio in areas that we believe ttheyre are opportunities to bring in strategic assets. We’re probably working more on earlier-stage assets add to our R&D pipeline. Epcoritamab is a good example of tthey kinds of things that we’re out looking for and finding, to supplement tthey overall pipeline. I think that strategy has worked well, and it’s a strategy that we’ll continue to do going forward. Liz Stheya Thanks, David. That concludes today’s conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of tthey call, please visit our website at investors.abbvie.com. Thanks again for joining us. Operator And thank you. Ttheir does conclude tthey call. You may disconnect your line. And thank you for your participation.