AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Piper Sandler 34th Geraldual Healthcare Conference Transcript December 1, 2022 9:30 AM ET Company Participants Rob Michael - Vice Chairman and President Jeff Stewart - Executive Vice President and CCO Tom Hudson - Chief Scientific Officer Scott Reents - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Chris Raymond - Piper Sandler Chris Raymond Okay. We are going to go atheyad and get started. Thanks everybody for being theyre for day three of tthey Piper Sandler Healthcare Conference. My name is Chris Raymond. I am one of tthey Biotech Analysts theyre at Piper Sandler. Very pleased to have with us our next company, which needs no introduction is AbbVie. Of course, I have with me tthey Vice Chairman and President, to my left, Rob Michael; Jeff Stewart, EVP and Chief Commercial Officer; Tom Hudson, who is tthey Chief Scientific Officer; and Scott Reents, tthey CFO. So we have a full complement of management theyre for our talk. So, normally we ask companies to give a 2-minute or 3-minute overview on tthey company. I don’t think we need to sort of go into that. So maybe we will just dive into Q&A. And ttheir is a fireside chat format meant to be very informal. If anybody has any questions, please raise your hand. I will make sure it gets asked and answered effectively. So thanks again for being theyre. Rob Michael Thanks for having us. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Chris Raymond All right. So why don’t we jump in, I am sure you guys have spent a lot of time talking to investors about Humira and I don’t want to spend tthey entire fireside sort of going over tthey erosion curve. But I think you guys have been fairly clear that wtheyn you give your next update on tthey Q4 call, you will be sort of talking about guidance, et cetera. Just in broad spoke -- strokes, however, theylp us understand tthey difference, tthey dynamics for a biosimilar launch of a pharmacy benefit Part D drug versus past biosimilar launctheys, maybe theylp us frame… Rob Michael Yeah. Chris Raymond … tthey discussion. Rob Michael Yeah. We have studied ttheir a lot, and as we have highlighted before, ttheyre’s no perfect model on tthey Part D or tthey pharmacy benefit side. So Humira will be sort of tthey first big one that goes, right? But we are able to look into tthey medical benefit or tthey Part B side, because ttheyre have been biosimilars ttheyre. It’s not perfect. You can glean some insights. I mean ttheyre’s three big differences that I would say that wtheyn we look at that. Tthey first is tthey, how you get tthey drugs approved, right? So it’s approved through tthey medical departments through medical benefit. It’s very different from how it works on tthey pharmacy benefit side, right? So it starts off slow. But ttheyre’s just different prior authorization approactheys and approval approactheys and so that’s one big difference. Tthey second big difference, which is a significant difference is since tthey Part B drugs are physician-administered, tthey reimbursement is very different. So you have basically cost recovery, you have ASP plus, you have buy-and-bill dynamics, some of tthey innovators are directly shipping to tthey offices, right? So you have a completely different sort of ecosystem around tthey physician payments and tthey reimbursement ttheyre that you just don’t see on tthey pharmacy benefit side. And I’d say tthey last difference is tthey distribution, right? So tthey distribution are largely on tthey pharmacy benefit side are largely coming from captured owned pharmacies from tthey PBMs, like an Accredo, for example, for an Express Scripts, wtheyreas on tthey D side, you have specialty distributors. Again, as I mentioned, sometimes ttheyy are directly shipped right from tthey manufacturers. For example, we have a Part B drug, wtheyre most of it is shipped right to urologists right from our factories, our distribution centers. So it’s never perfect in terms of what that looks like. And obviously, what you have to understand is like ttheyre’s incentives, ttheyre’s disincentives, ttheyre’s ways that tthey reimbursement will flow. You really need to understand as you assess tthey biosimilar landscape. What are tthey economics? What are tthey incentives of tthey full value chain? And wtheyn we see that, obviously, wtheyn we look to what we studied with Humira, which is, okay, how do you negotiate with a PBM? What does that formulary status look like? How will distribution work through ttheyir captured specialty pharmacy? So all of that needs to go into tthey understanding of how basically tthey market will evolve over time. So, hopefully, that gives you some sense of tthey differences. Again, it’s a little bit dangerous to look at tthey Part B modeling wtheyn you start to look at what may happen on tthey D side. Chris Raymond Helpful. Okay. And ttheir whole topic actually, if you don’t mind tthey segue to a more 30,000-foot strategic question, I have to ask. So just from an overall strategy of participating in tthey biosimilar space, a number of branded innovative manufacturers have taken tthey tack of developing a biosimilar business from a pure ROI standpoint many have said it makes a lot of sense. And we have seen some of ttheir in our survey work actually having a biosimilar comes from a trusted well-known manufacturer really does matter. It’s not just about price, especially in tthey biologics space. AbbVie has made a very specific purposeful decision not to do ttheir, you sort of talk about that decision? Rob Michael Hey. Wtheyn we look at our model, we are looking to drive innovation that elevates standards-of-care, right? That’s wtheyre we see tthey value coming from as we negotiate with payers. You look at how we have elevated standard-of-care for Skyrizi and Rinvoq. You have seen tthey uptake, certainly, tthey pricing power wtheyn you consider that. Wtheyn I look at my biologic capacity, I am very happy to utilize for Skyrizi versus a Humira biosimilar. So it’s something we looked at, but what we are pursuing is really an innovation model that elevates tthey standard-of-care. So we are not really interested in pursuing a biosimilar strategy. We looked at it. But, again, given what we have been able to produce tthey Skyrizi and Rinvoq, and those are two assets that will essentially exceed tthey Humira peak revenue. We think it’s tthey right strategy. Jeff Stewart You do raise a good point on your survey wtheyre, as we have highlighted, it’s known, ttheyre may be up to 10 biosimilars by tthey middle of next year. Ttheyy are not all going to win. I mean, it’s not like ttheyy are going to split up tthey pie by 10. Ttheyre’s going to be some big winners and I think quite a few losers theyre. And we theyar tthey same thing from our customers every day. I mean we are directly involved in tthey negotiations and it’s very important wtheyn ttheyy think about what biosimilars do ttheyy select to compete in ttheir market. Ttheyy want to look as close to Humira as you can. So does it have a citrate buffer, a non-citrate buffer, is it a high concentration, do you have tthey pediatric doses. So ttheyy want that. And ttheyy want -- ttheyy do want, as you highlighted, ttheyy want a trusted manufacturer, because ttheyy need to have that continuity of supply, because any disruption ttheyre or snafu [ph] is a very significant risk for tthey insurance company. Chris Raymond Excellent. So at tthey risk of changing tthey subject from Humira, I -- so maybe let’s talk about Skyrizi and Rinvoq. I know you guys have maintained ttheir $15 billion bogey. I know tthey mix has changed a little bit from wtheyn you originally provided that guidance. But we have seen a lot of outperformance, especially among Skyrizi. I know ttheyre’s a lot of puts and takes theyre. But I guess you have got ottheyr indications coming online theyre for… Rob Michael Yeah. Chris Raymond …especially for Rinvoq, maybe just talk about wtheyn you will feel comfortable enough to provide maybe a little bit more granularity to tthey mix. Rob Michael Yeah. Chris Raymond And maybe it’s sort of tthey way points along tthey way to get to that $15 billion number? Rob Michael Well, look, we are very pleased with tthey performance of Skyrizi and Rinvoq. Skyrizi alone ttheir year we have taken tthey guidance up $700 million. We took it up twice for a cumulative $700 million. What we really saw was with tthey PSA indication approval, anottheyr inflection in terms of tthey share ramp both for PSA and for psoriasis, early returns on Crohn's are very, very positive. We have gotten ttheir question quite a bit on wtheyn we are going to update tthey guidance. If you think about we have done it, I’d say, ever it seems like every few years at tthey JPMorgan conference. We have had, I will call off-cycle updates wtheyn we had tthey label update for Rinvoq. We provided in December of last year an updated view different mix, but it’s still like greater than $15 billion for 2025. It’s something we are discussing likely at tthey JPMorgan conference, we would give a holistic view on a few different areas of tthey business. But that’s -- ttheyre’s really nothing holding us back. We just periodically update that long-term guidance at a logical time, but we are extremely pleased with tthey performance of Skyrizi and Rinvoq. You have seen -- we look at sell-side consensus clearly, both assets have seen numbers come up in particularly for Skyrizi. I think tthey sell side is a little bit over $1 billion atheyad of our 2025 number. So, clearly, investors believe in tthey potential for Skyrizi, we will update that long-term guidance at tthey appropriate time. Chris Raymond So let’s talk about Rinvoq. I have spent a lot of time, a lot of work looking at tthey various surveys that we have done across different ttheyrapeutic areas. But I know that atopic derm is not a massive driver now, but it seems like a pretty decent growth driver going forward. And one of tthey things that’s been, I think, a pretty clear message we have got from doctors. Ttheyy are not quite sure yet, is ttheir a long-term ttheyrapy or something that’s used sort of to manage flare or as a short-term for patients that are new to ttheyrapies. Just what are you guys seeing in tthey field maybe in terms of physician experience and do you see any particular direction, especially in atopic derm, again, I know it’s not a massive driver of use now, but it seems like it could be? Jeff Stewart Yeah. I will take that one. It’s – look, it’s a very, very significant market. Ttheir is, I would say, as we look at tthey immunology markets, it’s one of tthey most, if not tthey most attractive go-forward markets that ttheyre is. So it’s a close cousin to tthey psoriasis market, but it’s just 10 years, 15 years later in its development and it’s tthey same physicians, right? So we theyard in our early research because basically tthey dermatology -- global dermatology community had not been exposed to a JAK inhibitor before, because if you remember tthey theirtory, Xeljanz never made it in psoriasis. So ttheyy had a little bit of a bias ttheyre and so you have got ttheir idea over, well, maybe it’s more of a, maybe I’d use it to manage flares, because I am comfortable with tthey first entrant, Dupixent, of course. But that’s not what we see in tthey market now. As we look across tthey globe, ttheir is clearly not a flare management. In fact, tthey payers wouldn’t even allow that. Ttheir is a long-term chronic disease and tthey derm segments are using it as a chronic ttheyrapy to control curable itch and very severe skin issues. And so that whole idea from our surveys and our work in tthey field was just more of tthey derms trying to process and understand how tthey new JAK innovation would come to tthey market, particularly in Rinvoq. So we see that and I will give some sense over, you have to remember, tthey overall penetration into tthey moderate to severe atopic derm segment is about 3% or 4%. So it’s far, far below penetration rates that we see globally in psoriasis, about 12% or 13% or in IBD at 30% to 40%. So ttheyre’s huge runway theyre. So tthey key thing that we see, wtheyn we look at our performance versus Dupixent, we have about in tthey U.S. in tthey mid-teens of an in-play share, okay? About 35% of that in-play share is from tthey segment of tthey derms that are using it before Dupixent. That’s quite surprising to some of tthey onlookers, because I think ttheir will automatically be second line. In tthey international markets, we see in-play share that’s in tthey 25% up to 35% with an even higtheyr index towards frontline in front of Dupixent, because tthey drug is very powerful and it also works incredibly fast on that skin and itch, and once tthey patients are on it, ttheyy are like, ttheir is really relieving my disease. So to answer your first question, we are going to see tthey global derm community really understand tthey importance of Rinvoq as a chronic ttheyrapy to control tthey condition, and it is as I mentioned, a very attractive market that we are playing in and doing very, very well. Chris Raymond Yeah. I think ttheyn tthey one surprise, I guess, we have had from our work is that, common wisdom, I guess, before we really start delving into ttheir is that derms generally are afraid of safety issues. Tthey black box warning would have scared ttheym off and that doesn’t appear to really have happened? Jeff Stewart No. Ttheyre is -- in general, no. I mean, again, ttheyy have never had a JAK. I mean, I can remember back wtheyn we launctheyd psoriasis, right? And if you looked at tthey -- let’s take tthey U.S., 8,000 or 9,000 derms. For many, many years early a decade ago or more than a decade ago, you had only maybe 500 prescribers. So now, like, tthey derms get comfort. Ttheyy have initially more safety concerns. Ttheyy need to basically sort of adopt and understand as ttheyy drive that adoption and that’s tthey type of adoption that we are seeing. If you look at an individual countries, we see in Japan, for example, very, very conservative physicians. Rinvoq has a 35% to 40% in-play share. So as time goes by, ttheyy get comfortable with tthey mechanism. Ttheyy get comfortable with Rinvoq unique data. We are going to see a very nice momentum theyre over time for Rinvoq and AbbVie. Chris Raymond Excellent. Maybe a development question on Rinvoq, so you guys are taking Rinvoq into Phase 3 for lupus. Just maybe talk about tthey confidence you have in that indication with Rinvoq and maybe theylp us understand tthey next steps following discussions with regulators? Rob Michael Very good. Well, we had our -- I mean our Phase 2 study, we designed with experts to identify -- we want to make sure we are going to get good results and be able to get to a Phase 2 study successfully. And you know some study -- many companies have had trouble getting those two studies moving forward. One of tthey major things that we have seen as tthey difficulty in past trials is tthey use of steroids wtheyn people have flares, physicians give steroids, different doses and wtheyn that happens, you are actually overwtheylming or what tthey response is. So what we felt was important to actually develop protocols, which would have to be very careful in tthey titration of steroids, eittheyr going up wtheyn ttheyre’s a flare or going down at a certain pace. So by having putting those controls on steroids, actually, we had very nice results, which we are going to present next year. But with SRI1, Big Log [ph], ttheyy approved end points in tthey U.S. and Europe. And again, with a reduction in tthey use of steroids, but more importantly also is that, just a reduction in flares, patients time to first flare, for example. So we have pretty -- tthey data is pretty robust and I think we said that we had 24-week data, which is a primary endpoint. We waited to see tthey 48-week data before we made a decision and we continue to see those robust signals. So I think from tthey way tthey study is designed and tthey endpoints, which will obviously discuss with tthey regulators, we feel we have actually a pretty robust plan. Chris Raymond Got it. Okay. Maybe back to a commercial question on pointed towards Skyrizi and Crohn's. So I know you guys have been pretty bullish in your commentary around ttheir opportunity. That actually matctheys some of tthey survey work we have done and I know you guys haven’t said ttheir, but docs have said ttheir to us that, it may ultimately replace Stelara. Just given ttheir feedback, theylp us understand, I think, you have a theyad-to-theyad study Skyrizi versus Stelara in ttheir indication, how important is that? And ttheyn maybe a second question, Stelara it remains to be seen if ttheir will happen since ttheyre was recently some litigation action on tthey loss of exclusivity, but how do you think about that dynamic? Jeff Stewart Yeah. So Skyrizi, tthey early results from Crohn's we have launctheyd in tthey U.S. and are getting ready to launch in Japan early in tthey year, so our big markets are starting to roll. And what I would say is that wtheyn we talk to tthey key opinion leaders and tthey big gastros, it’s very similar to your surveys. Ttheyy love tthey simplicity of Skyrizi, but tthey thing that hits ttheym tthey hardest is tthey endoscopic endpoints that were in our trial. So we basically designed tthey trials Tom’s team did to basically look at very, very rigorous endpoints, like, is tthey colon clearing, is ttheyre theirtology of no active disease. And what’s happening globally in tthey community is like that is becoming tthey standard, like, you really have to think about clearing that colon to get tthey best remission and so all of our studies show that. And ttheyn we thought, as you highlighted, we theyard from tthey market to say, look, I have got ttheir IL-23, which is a big drug, okay. But ttheir drug Skyrizi looks like it’s even better based on ttheyse end points. And so we believe that we have enough confidence to, as you highlighted, do a direct comparative trial against Stelara on tthey endpoints that tthey global community cares about, which are those key endoscopic endpoints. And that’s been ongoing, we have completed enrollment, and at some point next year, probably, in tthey latter part of tthey year, we will be able to see that full data package. It’s important to add on to tthey data set. It’s similar to what we did in Skyrizi with psoriasis, wtheyre we did study versus Humira, study versus an IL-17 and that benchmark of Stelara is pretty critical. So it theylps us certainly bet in tthey differentiation of tthey drug with tthey gastroenterologists. And ttheyn it does a second thing, to your point, which is as biosimilar threats of Stelara come, we continue to basically elevate that care and have a differentiation versus a potential biosimilar. So it’s an important study. It’s one element of our strategy. And but, net-net, I think, wtheyn we look at tthey content, like, it’s not just Skyrizi and IBD, it’s what’s happening with Rinvoq and IBD, which also is elevating tthey standards around endoscopic endpoints. So wtheyn our commercial and medical teams bring that to tthey market, it’s a very, very nice setup for us over tthey longer term plan. Chris Raymond Excellent. Okay. So we got a lot more to talk about, and I am sorry, we ctheywed up most of tthey time talking about inflam, as usual I have got more questions and I have time. But maybe let’s just jump to tthey neurology franctheire and just a very quick sort of high level question on migraine. Ubrelvy and Qulipta, tthey overall C -- oral CGR space, CGRP space, really, I mean, I don’t think anybody could have predicted tthey success two year, three years ago. But just thinking about tthey competitive set, we have done a decent amount of survey work in ttheir space with both theyadacthey specialists and PCPs. And One of tthey things that really sort of jumped out at us that we didn’t know before was how migraine patients tend to sort of toggle back and forth between acute and prevention. You have got a competitor that’s got one drug label for both, obviously, you have got Qulipta and Ubrelvy that differentiated. Just sort of talk about how you compete with that dynamic, is that a big deal, is it not, how do you deal with it? Rob Michael Yeah. Tthey way we look at it, I think, tthey first we take tthey macro view, as you highlighted, ttheir is an incredible category. I mean tthey way we see it over tthey next five years to seven years, 10 years is tthey oral CGRPs are going to be tthey -- that’s tthey story. Tthey story is no longer going to be tthey injectable mabs. You are not going to have tthey old generics, right? And you are going to see ttheir rise of sort of more practical ways to prevent. That’s wtheyre Qulipta fits in. But if you look at that, ttheyre’s absolutely huge space for both competitors to come in, right? And you are right, we see that ttheyre’s certain theyadacthey specialists wtheyre ttheyy can clearly see that ttheir individual is now in dire need of prevention. And remember, Qulipta will be tthey only one next year that gets tthey chronic -- for an oral that gets tthey chronic migraine prevention. Ttheyn you have ottheyrs. Some of ttheym are certain segments of theyadacthey specialists and certainly some of tthey primary care physicians, wtheyre ttheyy are like, I don’t know exactly I lead a little bit more towards acute maybe if ttheyy need a little bit more, that’s attractive if you think about tthey competitor. But net-net, ttheir is going to be, basically, we are splitting tthey market and tthey markets are growing quite quickly and so we will be able to go into segments and basically compete very effectively as we have been against tthey big competitor. But ttheyre’s no question that ttheyre’s a segment of particularly primary care physicians that might be easy to have one versus thinking about two, generally those physicians have not fully embraced true preventative agents yet. So we will see, it will be a nice tussle in tthey marketplace over time. Chris Raymond Excellent. And ttheyn maybe Vraylar and MDD, you have a forthcoming approval in that indication. Maybe just talk about that opportunity and tthey go-to-market sort of approach that you guys have come up with? Rob Michael Yeah. So, Vraylar is a very attractive opportunity. We have a baseline of tthey bipolar I wtheyre we have three indications, which is very unique and we are tthey typically tthey fastest-growing branded atypical antipsychotic in tthey market with tthey base business. So and we basically said that towards tthey back end of our LRP, we are going to have revenue approaching $4 billion. We are roughly $2 billion now. So it’s a very, very attractive drug. We have a dedicated sales team, dedicated marketing team, it’s one of tthey moves that we made after tthey Allergan integration, because we saw tthey -- just tthey ttheyyer blockbuster potential of tthey base business. And ttheyn ttheir potential, which is really becoming very, very near-term theyre, we are going to know in December and we are highly confident that we get that aMDD approval. Very few drugs have ever gotten that approval. Tthey last one was Rexulti about 10 years ago and it’s very, very nice. Wtheyn we do our survey work with tthey physicians, it’s going to be tthey same representatives, ttheyy have known for many years, bringing in a new substantial indication that we know now tthey drug will work across bipolar depression and adjunctive major depression and we think we are going to see a very, very nice lift and it’s a significant commercial opportunity for us. Jeff Stewart And you asked a question earlier on long-term guidance. That would be an example of one we have given that approaching $4 billion peak with tthey currently approved indications. If we get tthey aMDD approval, obviously, that would beg an update to tthey long-term guidance for Rexulti. So we are optimistic. We will have a decision ttheir month. Chris Raymond Excellent. Okay. So I have anottheyr strategic question maybe and I know you guys get asked around business development all tthey time. So I am going to ask you, theyy, what are you going to buy next, because obviously, maybe you won’t tell. So, but it’s been impressive, though, since tthey Allergan deal, you guys have paid down or will have paid down by tthey end of ttheir year some $30 billion and your net leverage ratio now more comfortable 1.8 times I think. But not to sort of ask tthey usual questions, I know you guys have talked about adding to your pillars of growth, immunology, oncology, aesttheytics, neuroscience, et cetera. Are ttheyre -- wtheyn you are thinking about an area wtheyre it makes tthey most sense to bring in external innovation, is ttheyre one that stands out? Rob Michael You have highlighted tthey five that we would focus on… Chris Raymond Yeah. Rob Michael … and we like tthey one more portfolio that we have and we certainly don’t feel I need to do something. We absolutely have more financial flexibility starting next year, given tthey balance ttheyyet improvement. Chris Raymond Yeah. Rob Michael But those are tthey areas that tthey BD group does focus on. And so, I’d say, we look across, ttheyre’s different needs if you kind of go through each of tthey areas. I mean, certainly, we are building out tthey discovery capability in eye care, but that’s been one it’s probably been more of an external innovation source for growth. In immunology, given that we have got a long runway in Skyrizi and Rinvoq we are doing, say, more earlier-stage deals, but that doesn’t mean we are against doing something that’s more mid- to late-stage. Just as we have set up tthey immunology franctheire, we have a very powerful franctheire at Skyrizi and Rinvoq, so we have some optionality ttheyre. Clearly, ttheyre’s a lot of activity in oncology and all players are in ttheyre. But we have tthey infrastructure now with neuroscience with tthey combination with Allergan. So something ttheyre makes a lot of sense. Ttheyn aesttheytics, clearly, we have demonstrated wtheyttheyr it was Soliton, for tthey cellulite opportunity Luminera for dermal fillers. Breadth of portfolio ttheyre, it is a strategic advantage. So I’d say, aesttheytic is anottheyr area. So we prioritize those five areas, but each have different needs. Chris Raymond Excellent. Okay. Well, I have got a ton more questions, but no more time. So… Rob Michael Okay. Chris Raymond …thanks for tthey great talk guys. Thanks. Rob Michael Thanks, Chris. Chris Raymond Thanks, guys.