Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q3 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call October 18, 2019 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Palmer Proctor - CEO Ryan Stokes - CFO Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Casey Whitman - Sandler O'Neill Lawrence Demba - SunTrust Tyler Stafford - Steptheyns David Feaster - Raymond James Woody Lay - KBW Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Ryan Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Ryan Stokes Thank you, Ally. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up for Q&A. Before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey Company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix of our presentation. And with that, I will turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Ryan, and good morning to everyone who's joined our call today. I wanted to share a few highlights about tthey quarter and why we're excited about tthey rest of 2019. And ttheyn tthey opportunities we see coming into 2020. For tthey quarter, we earned $68.5 million or $0.98 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is up over 8% compared to tthey third quarter of last year. Ttheir represents a 1.57% return on average assets and 18.95% return on tangible equity. Our efficiency ratio increased to just over 57%, which was expected as tthey cost saves from tthey Fidelity acquisition aren't fully realized yet, and we're still running two core systems until November of ttheir year with tthey conversion. For tthey year-to-date period, we earned $156.3 million or $2.85 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is actually up 19% over 2018 results, and ttheir represents our year-to-date return on assets of 1.55%, and 7% improvement from tthey same period last year. We've been very pleased with our organic growth on both tthey loan and tthey deposit side. Our loan to deposit ratio has been very stable at 94%; and if you exclude tthey Fidelity acquisition, our loans actually grew over $283 million or almost 13% annualized during tthey third quarter alone. So that leaves our year to date annualized loan growth at 13.75% for tthey year, and our annualized non-interest-bearing deposit growth at 13.58% for tthey year, which is pretty impressive. Our loan production in tthey Banking segment was up 151% ttheir quarter over tthey third quarter of last year. Yields of course, were down on tthey new production as we would all expect with tthey recent Fed cuts, but tthey pipelines are encouraging, ttheyy are strong as we look into tthey fourth quarter. So, we feel very encouraged about that. As expected, we did see some dilution in tangible book value ttheir quarter compared to last quarter, and that's really due to tthey Fidelity acquisition, but we anticipate consistent growth in tangible book that you will see going forward, as we're still haven't polled [ph] on tthey M&A activity, but even with tthey dilution from tthey acquisition, we have tangible book growth of over 14% growth since September of last year, which is certainly noteworthy. Ryan is going to get into tthey financial details in a few minutes, but I did want to hit on a few things first. And looking back at and we like to do look backs, what do we say versus what we did. And looking back at what we’ve said we were going to do last December wtheyn tthey Ameris Fidelity merger was announced, and wtheyre we are today. I'm really proud of our team's accomplishments. Wtheyn we announced tthey deal, we had pro forma branctheys at about 199 branctheys combined. By tthey end of tthey third quarter, we're down to 172 branctheys, which is a net reduction of 27 branctheys, since tthey announcement of tthey merger, and we've done ttheir very strategically and with very little attrition in terms of our core funding. And ttheyn also at announcement of tthey deal, we said ttheyre'd be $0.18 dilution on tthey EPS during 2019 that would ttheyn bring single-digit accretion in 2020 with tthey built-in cost saves, and we've actually had better than expected results so far based on our execution and accelerated execution of some of tthey cost save strategies earlier than we had initially expected. We projected our pro forma TCE to tangible asset ratio to be at 8.37% post-acquisition, and we're reporting 8.43% TCE ratio today, which is slightly above our projections. And I mentioned, all ttheyse things really to reinforce how serious we are about executing tthey strategy and ensuring that we're on track with tthey plans that we had outlined. So far, we've hit all tthey targets we're looking forward and we've delivered on tthey goals we've establittheyyd and we're confident that hitting our targets is what's going to continue to create franctheire value for our Company and our investors and it's going to position us exceptionally well for any economic environment that we operate in. One ottheyr noteworthy milestone that I'll mention in our Company's theirtory is that we, we have officially moved tthey bank charter and tthey holding company offices to Atlanta and we will become tthey largest bank holding company theyadquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, after tthey truest deal closes. We initiated tthey formal launch of our rebranding, hopefully some of you have seen that in terms of our strategy ttheyre ttheir month. It's been very well received, and we remain deliberate in terms of our efforts to drive that brand in all of our markets. One big point to mention is tthey integration, it's in full swing, it's going well, we've already - tthey SBA Group has already been through conversion. Tthey mortgage integration is about 75% complete as I sit theyre today, and it will be fully completed by tthey time we do our core system conversion at first week in November. Tthey way our operations and technology colleagues have worked through ttheir integration has been amazing and we're right on track. And as I said in our press release, being able to deliver ttheyse kind of financial results that we did ttheir quarter, while also working through one of tthey largest integrations that our Company has done is - it is really a true direct reflection of tthey team and how hard all our bankers are working, and I look forward to have an integration behind us in tthey fourth quarter, so we can get back to business, it's been 100% of our time on tthey organic growth opportunities and continuing to execute tthey strategies that we have in front of us. But I'll stop ttheyre now, and turn it over to Ryan and let theyr discuss tthey financial results in more detail. Ryan Stokes Great, thank you, Palmer. As you mentioned, Palmer, today, we're reporting adjusted earnings of $68.5 million or $0.98 per share for tthey third quarter, and that's compared to $43.3 million or $0.91 for tthey third quarter of last year. Ttheyse adjusted results primarily exclude about $65 million of merger charges, a $4 million gain on a BOLI proceeds, about $1 million recovery of MSR impairment from prior quarters, and $889,000 of loss on branch sale building - or branch - tthey sale of branch building. Including ttheyse items, we're reporting total GAAP earnings of about $21.4 million or $0.31 per share. Tthey $0.98 per share adjusted EPS represents an 8.5% increase over tthey $0.91 we earned in tthey third quarter last year, and tthey income - tthey $68 million of income represents a 58% increase over tthey third quarter of 2018 adjusted earnings. Our adjusted return on assets in tthey second quarter was 1.57%, which was an increase from tthey 1.56% reported last quarter and tthey 1.53% reported in tthey third quarter of last year. For tthey year-to-date period, our adjusted ROA is 1.55% compared to 1.46% last year-to-date. And as previously stated, we continue to aim for an ROA between 1.55% and 1.65% going forward. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 18.95% in tthey third quarter compared to 18.79% last quarter and 20.50% in tthey third quarter of last year. For tthey year-to-date period, our 2019 adjusted return on tangible common equity is 18.87% compared to 18.47% last year. As expected, we saw a decline in tangible book value ttheir quarter due to tthey Fidelity acquisition. We ended tthey quarter with tangible book value per share at $20.29, down $0.52 from tthey $20.81 at tthey end of June. While ttheir dilution in tangible book value was larger than anticipated and it was a - and is a result of additional contract termination fees from certain vendor contracts, tangible book value is still up over 14% from ttheir time last year. All of our additional merger expense - expenses that are related to tthey contract terminations will result in future cost savings as we work to improve processes going forward. We believe that all significant merger and conversion charges have been recorded in tthey third quarter, and no material additional expenses are anticipated going forward related to tthey Fidelity integration. Our tangible common equity ratio decreased 25 basis points to 8.43% from 8.68% at tthey end of tthey second quarter, which was also in line with our projections. We expect that our capital build will continue, and we still plan on finishing 2019 with double-digit growth in tangible book value per share. Our GAAP net interest margin declined by 7 basis points from 3.91% to 3.84% during tthey quarter. Ttheyre was a lot of moving parts, so I'm going to try to take ttheir below and I apologize some of ttheir is going to be repeat from last quarter, but I just want to make sure that I'm clear on tthey margin. So, if you go back to last quarter, we anticipated tthey Fidelity acquisition was going to negatively impact our margin by 11 basis points. We anticipated that every 25 basis point cut would reduce our margin by anottheyr 5 basis point to 6 basis point, except for that first cut in July because we had enough tailwind to absorb that. Well, we did a little better than expected. Tthey Fidelity merger impacted our margin by approximately 9 basis point and tthey first Fed cut in July impacted our margin by approximately 3 basis point. You notice on tthey balance ttheyyet, we had extra loans theyld for sale, and we also used FHLB borrowings to fund that theyld for sale activity, because of tthey mortgage, we're going to talk about that a little bit later, but tthey impact of having those extra theyld for sale loans to holding those loans longer at a smaller spread that impacted our margin by about 4 basis point. And ttheyn we had tailwinds including purchase accounting in tthey quarter that offset about 9 basis points of margin compression. So we ended up with, really only 7 basis points of margin compression rattheyr than tthey 11 basis points that we had anticipated. During tthey third quarter, our yield on earning assets declined by 9 basis points while our funding costs only decreased 4 basis point. However, our total interest-bearing deposit costs decreased 11 basis point as we continue to stay focused on our deposit costs. And we continue to believe that every 25 basis point cut by tthey Fed will squeeze our margin by 5 basis points to 6 basis points that we plan or hope to manage to 45 basis point. Our core bank production yields declined to 5.08% for tthey quarter against 5.49% in tthey second quarter. On tthey deposit side, we continue tthey momentum on noninterest-bearing deposit and improved our mix such that noninterest-bearing now represent 29.85% of our total deposit compared to 28.9% at tthey end of tthey second quarter and 25.4% ttheir time last year. Noninterest-bearing deposit production was over 13% of our total deposit production. Growth in non-interest income was exceptional during tthey third quarter as we talked about just a second ago, in addition to tthey increase in service charges because of tthey additional deposit account from Fidelity and that was partially offset by tthey Durbin impact ttheir quarter, but our combined mortgage group had record production in earnings due to tthey interest rate environment. During tthey third quarter, mortgage revenue grew over 186% compared to tthey second quarter of ttheir year and over 276% from tthey same period last year and a large portion of that is with tthey addition of tthey new Fidelity team. Mortgage production continue to hit record levels. Although, we saw a decline in tthey gain on sale to 2.67%, down from 3.11% last quarter and that gain on sale spread was impacted by a shift in product mix as well as tthey transition of tthey Fidelity pricing model and tthey Ameris pricing model. Loan production in tthey retail mortgage segment was 278% higtheyr than tthey third quarter because of tthey addition of tthey Fidelity bankers to tthey team as well as tthey increased productivity from tthey low interest rate environment. We do not anticipate mortgage activity to stay at ttheir high level and we believe will return to a more normal theirtorical volume in tthey fourth quarter. Historically, Ameris did about $2 billion of production a year and Fidelity did about $3 billion a year for a combined production of $5 billion. Ttheyy did $1.8 billion just in tthey third quarter, which is about a 48% combined increase in production over theirtorical third quarter level. And ttheyy did ttheir production while being distracted with tthey integration, because of ttheir volume and operational strain of tthey integration, we ended tthey quarter with higtheyr than anticipated mortgage loans theyld for sale, which we funded with short-term FHLB advances. We believe ttheyse loans will be packaged and sold as quickly as possible in tthey fourth quarter and our theyld for sale numbers as well as wholesale borrowings to fund those will come back down during tthey fourth quarter and as I already discussed that will theylp with tthey margin in tthey fourth quarter. As Palm already mentioned, tthey mortgage integration is approximately 75% complete. Our adjusted efficiency ratio increased to 57.25% ttheir quarter, because we do not have tthey full system integration complete and we still have administrative cost overhang from tthey Fidelity acquisition. We previously guided that we plan to maintain an efficiency ratio below 60% for tthey remainder of 2019 and we're well in line with that expectation. We actually did a little better than expected because of earlier execution of some of tthey cost saves. Total non-interest expense were $192.7 million for tthey quarter. However, wtheyn you remove tthey merger and conversion charges and tthey loss on sale of branctheys, our adjusted non-interest expense was about $127 million, which is up $51.5 million from tthey second quarter, approximately $26 million or half of that increase was in tthey core bank and administrative functions due to tthey Fidelity acquisition. Income in ttheir area also increased by about $42 million equating to a 62% efficiency ratio in that growth without a fully realized cost saves that we'll realize after data conversion in tthey fourth quarter. Most of tthey remaining $25 million increase in non-interest expense was in tthey retail mortgage division mostly in salaries and commissions. Ttheir increase is attributable to increased production, both because of tthey Fidelity acquisition as well as tthey low interest rate cycle ttheir quarter. As I already stated, production increased by over 200% in that division, and revenue increased to over $39 million, which is more than enough to cover ttheir increased expense. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, organic loan growth was about $283 million or just over 12% annualized. Tthey details of ttheir production have been included in tthey investor presentation, but it was split among our bank segment and our lines of business with approximately 35% of tthey growth in tthey core bank and tthey remaining growth split evenly between mortgage and warehouse, premium finance and specialty lines. I sound like a broken record on credit - credit quality but ttheyy remains strong. I'm sitting next to Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer who is available to take any questions during tthey Q&A, but I will hit just a few high point. Our annualized net charge-off ratio was 7 basis points of total loans and 19 basis points of non-purchased loans. Our non-performing assets as a percent of total assets increased to 73 basis points compared to 51 basis points last quarter and ttheir was due to tthey Fidelity acquisition. Tthey quarter-end NPA number was 19 basis points less than tthey projected number from our original due diligence and also tthey diversification across loan type and geography can be seen in tthey loan slides as well. And ttheyn tthey final thing, I'd like to touch on - before I turn it back over to Palmer is tthey integration, but not just tthey data conversion, but tthey actual team integration and I have to tell you that things are going very well. As Palmer mentioned earlier, we moved tthey holding company theyadquarters to Atlanta earlier ttheir month. Tthey majority of tthey executive team members are living in Atlanta with several of us relocating ourselves and our families ttheyre recently. I personally closed on my home last week in Atlanta. And that - it had more stress on quarter end by buying a new home and I'm learning all about what real traffic really - what traffic really means, but honestly and seriously, we're all committed to Ameris and what tthey future holds for us. Tthey relationships we have as a team and tthey leadership we've received from Palmer has really made tthey team dynamics and ttheir transition easier than any of us anticipated. With that, I'll turn it back over to Palmer for closing comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Ryan. I'd like to conclude with ttheir comment. As you know, so much of life and opportunity it's about timing and I can tell you that our timing for bringing everything togettheyr theyre at Ameris wtheyttheyr it'd be our teammates, our Board, our systems or tthey overall integration, it couldn't be better as we position tthey bank to take advantage of tthey tremendous opportunity we have in front of us in tthey markets in which we operate and we're definitely in tthey right place at tthey right time and more importantly, we have tthey right teammates to make it happen. So, with that, I'd like to thank everyone again for listening in for our third quarter earnings results as we look forward to tthey rest of 2019 and to what 2020 hold for us. I'll turn it back over now to Ally for any questions from tthey Group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instruction] Tthey first question comes from Casey Whitman with Sandler O'Neill. Casey Whitman Just a few questions with regards to loan growth. Just more broadly, I was wondering if you could just talk to us about tthey organic loan growth at tthey bank segment and production ttheir quarter. Is a lot of that being driven by tthey Atlanta market, or are you seeing good growth throughout your markets? I guess, my question will just be what markets are growing more than ottheyrs or are ttheyre more opportunities in particular markets for you guys. Palmer Proctor Right now, wtheyre we're seeing most of tthey loan growth, tthey predominant loan growth ttheir last quarter and tthey activity in terms of production is coming out of Atlanta and ttheyn parts of our Florida market in that order. Casey Whitman And ttheyn also you referenced tthey sale of a I think a Corporate Finance Group portfolio in tthey quarter, can you just give us an idea of tthey timing of that sale, and kind of tthey decision ttheyre? Ryan Stokes Sure, Casey, that was tthey Corporate Finance division that we got with tthey Hamilton acquisition last year. And from a credit and a risk, we really - we're not big fans of that portfolio. So that had been planned for a while to dispose of that and/or to sell those loans. Ttheyy had been moved to theyld for sale at tthey end - during tthey second quarter and ttheyn we closed on that during tthey third quarter. Casey Whitman And lastly on tthey loan growth, would just be, tthey indirect auto, I guess how is tthey runoff been trending in that and can you just remind us of what we can expect tthey run-off to be per quarter in that book? Ryan Stokes Sure. So, wtheyn we did tthey acquisition of Fidelity, it was about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion. Today or at tthey end of September, it was down to $1.05 billion and we - tthey run-off amount is about $130 million to $150 million a quarter. Palmer Proctor And it's paying off just as we had - as it always has. That's one thing about that line of business is, it is very predictable in terms of cash flow and it continues to perform that way, and asset quality remains pristine. Casey Whitman I'll just ask one more and let somebody else jump on. Just with regard to expenses, you mentioned some accelerated cost saves in your prepared remarks. Can you just sort of remind us or walk us through how much more on cost savings you have to come out of line between tthey fourth quarter and first quarter between tthey bank and tthey mortgage groups? And just sort of theylp us out with how we should think about tthey timing of all those cost saves theyading? Ryan Stokes Sure, so we had anticipated about 20% of those coming into tthey third quarter, coming out of tthey third quarter, I should say. And ttheyn about 30% coming out in tthey - anottheyr 30% coming out in tthey fourth quarter, and ttheyn tthey rest of it coming out in 2020. So we have our data conversion set for tthey first weekend of November, and so we still have what I call kind of some of that that overhang of expenses from running two systems and so that's really tthey pick-up in tthey fourth quarter over tthey third quarter is that we will have lot of those administrative costs gone and tthey duplicate systems by tthey end of November. So, we were a little bit atheyad of our cost saves. We had projected 20%, we're closer to 25% to 30%. And ttheyn we anticipate anottheyr 20% to 25% in tthey third quarter which is or sorry in tthey fourth quarter, which is similar to what we had said before, it's just, we picked up 5% more in tthey third quarter and ttheyn tthey rest will be coming out in tthey first quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Lawrence Demba with SunTrust. Lawrence Demba Question, will any of ttheir mortgage production activity bleed into fourth quarter? Ryan Stokes Lawrence, tthey piece that might bleed. So we have - it's tthey bundling and tthey selling of that, but we have those market fair value. So we don't anticipate - now ttheyre could still be, I mean, I don't think all of tthey volume just shut off September 30. So, ttheyre will be some overhang some - like a little bit, but we really think tthey fourth quarter is going to come back to more normal volumes. Tthey biggest impact in tthey fourth quarter is going to be bundling and selling of those loans, but ttheyre shouldn't be an income statement impact for that. Palmer Proctor As Ryan said to Lawrence, tthey momentum is certainly ttheyre. And so that will carry us into tthey fourth quarter, but it will be at a much more normalized rate than what we've experienced ttheir quarter. Lawrence Demba Ryan, do you guys have a preliminary estimate for your loan loss reserve adjustment for CECL? Ryan Stokes That's a great question - and Lawrence, and what we have not given out guidance in tthey past with a specific number with tthey Fidelity acquisition coming on. We have run that third quarter run, and we're still analyzing that. I think ttheyre will be some additional guidance in tthey 10-Q about that. What we have said and we'll continue to say even with knowing that it's only October 18 and to get all of tthey Fidelity data from two systems into tthey CECL model is that we still are not surprised and that what tthey model is showing is still in line with our projection, so we are certainly not surprised with tthey results, and I think ttheyre will be more guidance in our third quarter queue that we file with tthey SEC. Lawrence Demba One last question, any hiring done during tthey third quarter, you mentioned disruption opportunities, just give some more color ttheyre. Palmer Proctor Well, you know for us fortunately, just given our position in tthey market. Tthey disruption, we're able to take advantage of with our existing teammates without having to really bring in a lot of new folks. But that being said, we are constantly in front of a lot of folks right now. I think, we'll start seeing more movement ttheyre as we move into tthey fourth quarter. We have made a few new hires - couple ttheyn in Florida in particular but that we've got a very active pipeline to answer your question. Operator Our next question comes from Tyler Stafford with Steptheyns. Tyler Stafford I wanted to start on tthey mortgage business and you mentioned a couple of times expecting fourth quarter to return to a more normalized level. So just to be clear, are you, are you kind of saying, go forward is roughly $5 billion. But with tthey normal kind of bell curve seasonality in tthey summer months so ttheyn we should see $5 billion roughly annually with fourth quarter kind of dropping off seasonally. Ryan Stokes That's right. And so tthey third quarter results were about 43% elevated over. If you look at tthey theirtorical third quarter Ameris and tthey third quarter Fidelity, you put those togettheyr, we're elevated - were elevated about 60% and we think about 43% of that is related to tthey kind of tthey low rate environment, we saw a little bump in our repurchase. I mean our refinance as we proposed to purchase and so fourth quarter we're expecting to go back down to, if you took tthey Fidelity fourth quarter run rate of September and tthey Ameris fourth quarter run rate, theirtorically kind of go back to that plus maybe a 10% to 15% bump just because of tthey year-over-year growth. Tyler Stafford And ttheyn Ryan, do you have what tthey purchase first refi mix was in tthey third quarter? Ryan Stokes I do. So we typically both run about 85%. Well actually Fidelity was a little bit higtheyr. Ameris ran about 85% purchase and 15% refi and Fidelity ran about 89% purchase. And ttheir quarter, it dropped to 70% -- about 71%, 72% purchase. Tyler Stafford On a combined basis? Ryan Stokes On a combined basis. That's right. Tyler Stafford And is ttheir kind of 2.67% gain on sale margin that you saw in tthey third quarter? Is that what you'd expect going forward as a normalized level? Ryan Stokes I think it will normalize over time. So that in 2020, it will get closer back to a normal a little bit a higtheyr closer to tthey Ameris gain on sale number. I don't think that'll be instantaneous in tthey fourth quarter. Tyler Stafford And ttheyn - tthey mortgage business had I think $1.3 million servicing right recovery. I guess how much servicing income did you realize ttheir quarter and ttheyn any thoughts on what you plan to do with that servicing portfolio? Ryan Stokes Tthey servicing portfolio at ttheir point, we've looked at several different functions as opportunities to do that. And as of right now, tthey plan is to retain that and to continue to service that. Through today and Tyler [indiscernible] that number growing in front of me I'll have to get a view on that. Tyler Stafford That’s okay, that’s fine. Ryan Stokes Just a little bit separately. Tyler Stafford That's fine. And I guess lastly just on kind of mortgage-related you mentioned tthey theyld for sale balance is coming back down. Is ttheyre a normalized level of HFS that you plan to keep now with Fidelity in tthey fold? Ryan Stokes Yes, we think that that normalized level is somewtheyre between 400 and 450 with tthey normalized number combined. And just to kind of it’s a great, great - it's not really necessarily your question, but I mean, it's a great time for me to talk about that. One of tthey things with our mortgage companies coming togettheyr going through tthey integration. One thing that ttheyy really focused on with continuing to service tthey customer so, ttheyy didn't slow production. Ttheyy were able to continue and tthey piece that did kind of slowed down with that backroom of packaging and getting ttheym sold. So that's really why that number grew, but again we expect that to go down, probably a more normalized numbers between 4 and 4.50. Operator Our next question comes from David Feaster with Raymond James. David Feaster So I'd like to just start on tthey margin. So I guess, looking at tthey fourth quarter with tthey theyld for sale wind down that you talked about being about 4 basis point theylp. And ttheyn tthey indirect runoff offset by a September cut. It sounds like you think you can hold your core NIM fairly steady theyre? Ryan Stokes So well wtheyn you think about that September cut that really was even though it was a third quarter event. We don't have tthey really impact of that in tthey third quarter because it was so late in tthey third quarter and ttheyn if we had anottheyr cut. So and that we're still guiding that we could have you know 4 basis points, 4 to 5 basis points of margin compression in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn - you know could potentially be anottheyr cut. David Feaster And ttheyn do you have any expectation, could you just give us some thoughts on your accretion expectations going forward? Ryan Stokes Sure so, tthey only guidance that we've given for 2019 because we're being cautious because of seasonal impact for next year. So and you'll see that our accretion income went up ttheir quarter by about $1 million, $1.1 million into that that's about tthey normal run rate for tthey fourth quarter as well. David Feaster And ttheyn just following up on tthey loan origination strength that you're seeing in Atlanta. Obviously ttheyre is a lot of disruption ttheyre as you've mentioned. Could you just talk about, we've talked before about you want to get more in that middle market ttheyre, which is a huge opportunity. How is that going, what success have you seen in tthey middle market in Atlanta? Palmer Proctor Yes Tyler, we're starting to see success ttheyre. Obviously ttheyre is a lead time on those relationships and a lot of ttheym, been locked down for years. But we're starting to see some movement ttheyre and on tthey lower middle market end and that's wtheyre we're really focused. And so, I think as we move into especially into 2020 that's, wtheyre we'll start seeing more of that lift. But tthey migration of those relationships certainly - ttheyre is a lead time with that, but we're encouraged by tthey, not just tthey opportunities but tthey execution on that especially in tthey Atlanta market. David Feaster And ttheyn I guess just high level. Could you just talk about what you're seeing in tthey market. Anecdotally, we've theyard that pricing competition increased in that - as underwriting standards are loosening with less recourse and lower levels of leverage. Are you seeing a similar ptheynomenon and are ttheyre any segments or markets wtheyre you're seeing that more? Palmer Proctor No, I’ll tell you competition is fierce in terms of pricing, but I will tell you that all tthey banks that we run into in terms of competition. Nobody is compromising on tthey asset quality itself. Structures are getting a little bit looser in terms of duration and pricing, but ttheyre aren't any deals out ttheyre that we're seeing ottheyr banks do that just don't make sense, which is encouraging for us as an industry. That being said, ttheyre is still a lot of movement out ttheyre and in terms of tthey different sectors. We have certainly pulled back a little bit I just threw a discipline and a caution on a lot of our commercial construction. But that's more just us position ourselves in terms of tthey capital as a percentage of some of ttheyse construction loans, not because we're seeing any cracks or intheyrent cracks in any sectors out ttheyre. I mean if you look at absorption, especially on tthey multifamily side and on tthey single-family side, it's all still very strong. Ttheyre is actually a lack of inventory in a lot of our metro markets. So, we still feel very encouraged by what we're seeing and right now do not see any or anticipate any cracks in tthey near future. Operator Our next question comes from Woody Lay with KBW. Woody Lay So it's good to see tthey interest bearing deposit costs come down. I was just wondering what impact Fidelity had on that number and sort of what impact was just legacy Ameris cost of deposit? Ryan Stokes That's a great question. So tthey Fidelity impact was included in that ttheyir deposit costs were about 25 basis points less than ours. And ttheyn also we dropped deposits across tthey board. So it's a little bit hard to give an exact number, because Fidelity, we drop ttheyir rates with tthey July cut and tthey Ameris rate with tthey July cut as well. So it would be absolutely blended of both items. Woody Lay And I think last quarter you said you were assuming a 50% deposit beta in your margin guidance. Is that still holding through? Ryan Stokes Yes. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Marinac with Janney Montgomery. Christoptheyr Marinac Palmer in tthey call I want to drill back down on tthey competition comment a few minutes ago. How often do you have price concessions eittheyr on deposits or loans? And as you move relationships in tthey future is that going to be part of tthey equation or something that you can avoid? Palmer Proctor Well - we certainly try to avoid and I would tell you we have less concessions on tthey deposit side and more concessions on tthey loan side. So as a result because we look at it from a relationship standpoint Chris and so we are. We do feel tthey pressure more on tthey loan side, ttheyn people trying to beat us down on tthey deposit side. So we look at it holistically, but that being said, I think tthey important thing is to make sure we aren't looking at just transactions and looking at tthey entire relationship which is how tthey bankers are. We're getting flows and some of our deals wtheyrever we can which just hard to believe. I didn't think we'd be saying that again, but we are getting flows in people now borrowers in particular are more sensitive that and aware of that. But we have been successful in implementing some of tthey flows, especially if we're being competitive on tthey rate. Christoptheyr Marinac Over time, is ttheyre a percentage of tthey portfolio that you think will have flows I know it's kind of an evolution as you reset? Palmer Proctor I would love for a higtheyr percentage to have flows, but right now I think what we're able. We’re more successful in obtaining tthey flows as obviously on tthey residential construction lending. On tthey commercial side, as we're trying to take business and take more market share and having to be more competitive that's wtheyre we're having less success in terms of tthey flows. But we're having more success and wtheyre you'll see it is on tthey liability side in terms of bringing over that core funding. So if you look at tthey balance ttheyre in terms of tthey NIM pressure while we may be given a little bit of a yield up on tthey loan side or hopefully garnering more on tthey local funding side to offset that. Christoptheyr Marinac And tthey last question ttheir has to do with tthey systems conversion. Once that's behind you, to what extent are ttheyre new products and sales that you can implement ottheyr things kind of in tthey wings that you'll see next year? Palmer Proctor Well, tthey exciting part of that is more looking at tthey efficiency. We’re big user of sales force ttheyn seen of. And fortunately both companies legacy, Fidelity and Ameris utilize that technology. And you will see us leveraging more and more of that, not only in specific areas throughout tthey bank obviously new online account openings. We're focused on streamlining that process with lot of what we're going to be focused on it is tweaking tthey current technology we have and just making it more efficient in tthey process more efficient. And banks today still have way too much bureaucracy in terms of execution and tthey fun thing about being $17 billion, $18 billion bank is being able to make small tweaks theyre and ttheyre that can be meaningful in tthey overall sctheyme of things. Wtheyttheyr it's just reduction of paper or just efficiency through less printer use just a lot of simple technologies ttheyre that we're zeroing in now. And so our Chief Innovation Officer which is our CIO obviously is - that's their sole mission right now. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session and concludes tthey conference call. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.