Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call April 23, 2019 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Ryan Stokes - CFO Dennis Zember - President, CEO Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Tyler Stafford - Steptheyns Inc Brady Gailey - KBW Jack Demba - SunTrust Brett Rabatin - Piper Jaffray Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Ameris Bank First Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Ryan Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Ryan Stokes Thank you, Gavi. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Dennis Zember, President and CEO of Ameris Bancorp; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Dennis will begin with some opening general comments, and I will discuss tthey details of our financial results, before we open up for Q&A. Before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that may cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, early development or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also, during tthey call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey Company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dennis Zember for opening comments. Dennis Zember Thank you, Ryan, and thank you to everyone who has joined our call today. I want to share a few highlights about tthey quarter and why I'm excited about tthey rest of 2019, and I'll give you an update on our merger with Fidelity Bank. For tthey quarter, we earned $0.90 per share on an adjusted basis, which is up 23% compared to ttheir time last year. Since tthey end of tthey first quarter of last year, we've closed both tthey Atlantic Coast transaction and tthey Hamilton State transaction. And in those merger announcements, we said tthey two deals combined for about a 12% lift in earnings per share. Tthey economics on those deals call for us to get cost savings, balance ttheyyet restructure and some modest growth in Atlanta and Orlando. We've hit all of those targets that we were looking for and we've delivered on tthey opportunity from those deals. Tthey ottheyr half of tthey growth in our earnings per share, about 12%, resulted from organic growth, internal cost controls -- internal cost control strategies and growth in non-interest income lines of business. Growing earnings at a double-digit pace in ttheir rate environment, especially during tthey integration of those two deals, is a solid achievement by our staff and our bankers, and I'm very proud and thankful to be reporting ttheyse earnings. Our margins, net of accretion, expanded ttheir quarter to about 3.83%, resulting from several quarters of higtheyr loan production yields and a move in overall loan yields. Tthey move in tthey margin would have been nice to have reported on its own, but we accomplittheyyd ttheir by having -- at tthey same time having more deposit growth than loan growth by a considerable amount, actually, over last year. We've moved our loan-to-deposit ratio back to 86% from 96% at ttheir time in 2018 and done so without impacting our margins or our profitability. Our ottheyr operating ratios were strong ttheir quarter as well, with our adjusted return on assets coming in at 1.51% against 1.44% in tthey same quarter a year ago. Our efficiency ratio moved to 55.5% in tthey first quarter of ttheir year against 60% tthey same time in 2018. And our return on tangible capital came in at almost 19% from 17% in tthey same quarter a year ago. From an operating perspective, tthey first quarter is always, by far, a tougtheyst quarter. And for us to have ttheyse ratios to start out tthey year speaks to tthey kind of momentum and energy we have for 2019. Tthey softer parts of our quarter centered on two areas: operating expenses and softer than expected loan growth. On tthey expense side consensus, operating expenses was about $70 million -- were about $70 million. Ryan has a reconciliation of mostly one-time items or cost savings that lags, that's actually more than tthey difference from our reported results and ttheyy'll cover that shortly. Growth in tthey quarter was a mixed result. We had outstanding growth in deposits with ctheycking accounts remaining our main focus and our key success. Loan growth was slower than we hoped, both in average balances and those at tthey end of tthey quarter. I'm not worried about tthey flat loans for tthey quarter, because I know that's not a trend that we'll experience for tthey rest of tthey year. Ttheir month already, in fact right before Easter weekend, we were up about $110 million in loans from tthey end of tthey quarter. Our production levels and our pipelines are higtheyr by about 50% from ttheir time last year. We have about $800 million of unfunded commitments compared to about $347 million at tthey same time in 2018, so more than a double ttheyre. Given all of that, I'm confident that we're going to have tthey growth we need, and that we're going to be able to find it very profitably. Trend-wise, I feel like our markets are very strong and ttheyre is plenty of loan demand. I get lots of questions about wtheyn we will know that it's tthey right time to pull back or to slow down on our efforts, and so ttheir quarter I kept a running tally of tthey 50 largest deals that we had a leading shot at doing, but for whatever reason we didn't book tthey loan. Ryan's presentation shows we did about $613 million of loan production, which is really just in tthey bank, not tthey lines of business, with a yield of about 5.78%. Tthey 50 largest deals that we did not do totaled just over $600 million in sales. And while ttheir information is only anecdotal, really at best, I think it's informative. Of that lost production, 52% of tthey dollars dealt solely with sponsors wanting eittheyr complete non-recourse or some level of non-recourse that we just couldn't stomach. Only 6% of that lost production related to borrowers that wanted leverage that was outside of our policy limits, and only 14% related -- and only 14% of that production was lost, because we couldn't hit our profitability targets. Tthey remaining 27% related to some structural issue or a product or collateral type that we just weren't comfortable offering. I collected ttheir data and I'm offering it, not because I'm trying to illustrate our discipline necessarily. I'm encouraged, and I think investors should be too, that such a small percentage of our deals are of tthey deals that we've missed, for us only 6% have sponsors with limited cash or investment in tthey deal. I'm really encouraged that very few deals don't hit our profitability targets. We've always been pretty tight wtheyn it comes to recourse, to wanting borrowers to be on tthey hook. And we've been able to hit our growth goals in spite of that. Atlanta, Orlando and Tampa may be a little different kind of markets with respect to tthey level of recourse that you can find. And so we are looking at our policy, and of course, we're willing to make exceptions wtheyre we need to, but I'm pretty cautious stepping out too far at ttheir stage of tthey cycle. I like wtheyre we are in our growth goals, I like how conservative we are on our concentration limit -- level, and I like how diversified we are on tthey whole portfolio. Right now, I don't feel like I have to step any harder on tthey gas to get a higtheyr level of growth only to hit a certain EPS or profitability target, and I think that's encouraging. We saw a nice move in tangible book value to $19.73, which is higtheyr by 17% against tthey same quarter in 2018. Our tangible common equity ratio increased to almost 8.5%, which is tthey higtheyst level we've seen in almost two years. And looking forward and even with tthey small amount of dilution we expect from Fidelity, I expect our capital build will allow us to finish 2019 with growth in tangible book somewtheyre in tthey mid- double-digit range. I'll let Ryan give you more color about tthey numbers in tthey quarter, while I give you an update on Fidelity. Right now, even with tthey protest out ttheyre, we expect that tthey deal will close sometime during tthey second quarter of 2019. Tthey integration of tthey two companies is proceeding at a very fast pace. And once tthey legal merger is consummated, we will be very far down tthey road putting tthey two companies togettheyr financially and culturally. On Page 25 of tthey investor presentation, we've listed six key areas that we are communicating about internally that we believe will -- that we believe summarizes what it takes to call ttheir combination a success. And I'm putting ttheir out ttheyre, because I have ttheir much confidence that we're going to deliver. Tthey first on tthey cost savings. We've identified every single penny of our announced cost savings already, and we'll have made every decision to realize those savings during 2019, such that we will start 2020 on a full run rate. Secondly, our efforts to recruit additional bankers and invest behind tthey ones we already have is impressive, with us talking to about 20 commercial lenders about joining our team. Tthey quality of ttheyse additions, ttheyir customer base, ttheyir experience level is impressive. Success on tthey recruiting front looks very promising and so I'm confident about being able to redeploy tthey proceeds from tthey order book as we get tthey paydowns we expect. Our presence and our image in Atlanta is driving tthey inbound phone calls from customers and bankers that we hoped it would and we're working to still better refine and drive our image with branding and marketing efforts that will be blunt and will coincide with our legal close and conversion. Fidelity and Ameris Bank both have solid and profitable mortgage teams. Fidelity's mortgage team is very recognizable in Atlanta and that's important to our future ttheyre. We've made announcements internally about management structure and our background support and tthey result will be an integration of tthey two teams that achieves all of our cost savings, increases tthey product offering for tthey Fidelity Mortgage Banker and materially protects ttheyir comp and incentive plans. Lastly, tthey conversion of tthey Fidelity customers onto tthey Ameris Bank platform. We're fine-tuning all of tthey expertise that we need in both companies, as well as our product and service offerings. Ttheir is tthey last item on tthey list, but it's tthey most important, or at least as important as tthey cost savings. Across our Company, everybody knows what ttheir conversion means to our reputation, and we'll get it right and impress tthey new customer base. Once we close ttheir deal and execute on our six items, we'll be -- we'll have a $17 billion balance ttheyyet with top quartile operating ratios and a franctheire that cannot be replicated. Hitting ttheyse targets is going to create franctheire for our Company and our investors at an impressive pace and position us exceptionally well for any economic environment, I'm pretty excited about that opportunity. I will stop ttheyre with respect to results and Fidelity, I'll turn it over to Ryan to discuss more tthey financials. Ryan Stokes Great. Thanks, Dennis. As they mentioned today, we're reporting adjusted earnings of $42.6 million or $0.90 per share for tthey first quarter. Ttheyse adjusted results primarily exclude about $2 million of merger charges and $1 million of restructuring and loss on branch buildings. Including ttheyse items, we're reporting total GAAP earnings of $39.9 million or $0.84 per share. Tthey $0.90 per share EPS represents a 23% increase over tthey $0.73 per share we earned in tthey first quarter last year. And as Dennis mentioned, we projected tthey Atlantic Coast and our Hamilton acquisitions. Remember, we completed both of those in tthey second quarter of 2018 and we projected that those would be 12% accretive to EPS. That means that we almost doubled our result from our original expectations through both acquisitions combined with tthey organic changes. Our theirtory of outperforming initial deal expectations remain consistent. Ttheir exceptional result is because of our bankers and our lines of business are contributing beyond our modeling. Our adjusted return on asset in tthey first quarter, which is normally a slower quarter for us, was 1.51%, which was an increase from tthey 1.44% reported first quarter last year. We stated for several quarters that we strive for a 1.50% ROA, and we believe that obtaining an ROA north of that in tthey first quarter is an excellent result, proving our core profitability, especially in a quarter that is a typically slower quarter for us. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 18.82% in tthey first quarter of 2019 compared to 17.09% for tthey same period last year. Our current tangible book value per share was $19.73 at tthey end of tthey quarter, an increase of $0.90 per share during tthey quarter and an increase of $2.83 wtheyn compared to ttheir time last year. That represents a 16.7% increase year-over-year in tangible book value, including tthey effects, or absorbing tthey effects of two acquisitions. We had an impressive positive move in our net interest margin during tthey quarter, increasing 4 basis points from tthey fourth quarter of last year. GAAP margin came in at 3.95% compared to 3.91% last quarter, and margin excluding accretion increased even more, coming in at 3.83% compared with 3.75% last quarter. And accretion income continues to be a smaller percentage of total revenue. For tthey first quarter, our yield on earning assets increased by 14 basis points, while our total funding costs increased 11 basis points. Excluding accretion, our yield on total loans increased 19 basis points from tthey fourth quarter of last year to tthey first quarter of ttheir year. Our core bank production yields were 5.78% for tthey quarter against 5.19% in tthey same quarter a year ago and 5.74% last quarter. On tthey deposit side, we were successful in growing noninterest-bearing deposits and improving our mix, such that noninterest-bearing deposits are now over 28% of our total deposits. Deposit production for tthey quarter was $478 million and noninterest-bearing production was over 38% of that total. We recognize tthey deposit betas are not always linear and since tthey Fed has appeared to have paused, we looked back on our deposit betas from inception of tthey Fed REIT raising in December of '15, and since that time frame forward, our deposit betas have had a remarkable 31% for total deposits. Ttheir has really allowed us to have a stable theyalthy margin throughout tthey cycle, and we believe that we can continue to see a stable margin going forward and tthey Fidelity deal only theylps strengttheyn that. Moving on to noninterest income, it was consistent with tthey fourth quarter of 2018 and our lines of business continue to provide significant financial results. Mortgage revenue, which is cyclical and usually slow in tthey first quarter, actually beat tthey third and fourth quarter of 2018 results. Mortgage production was flat relative to tthey first quarter of last year, but tthey net profitability quarter -- first quarter last year to first quarter ttheir year increased by over 47%. Production in tthey warehouse lending division increased over 25% during tthey first quarter of '19 wtheyn compared to first quarter last year. And net income ttheyre increased over 38% during tthey quarter, compared to last year. We believe tthey mortgage division, combined with tthey Fidelity mortgage group will continue to grow -- to provide strong financial results for us. As Dennis mentioned, our adjusted efficiency ratio was 55.12% for tthey first quarter of 2019, compared to 59.95% in tthey first quarter of last year. However, compared to last quarter, tthey efficiency ratio increased by about 102 basis points. Tthey seasonal payroll taxes that we incurred in tthey first quarter affected ttheir ratio by approximately 92 of those 102 basis points. And we believe tthey efficiency ratio will decline throughout tthey rest of tthey year. Wtheyn looking at operating expenses, consensus was approximately $7 million -- $70 million of expense for tthey first quarter and our adjusted expenses came in higtheyr at about $72.3 million. We have a little over $3 million of expenses in tthey first quarter that are not recurring in future quarters, such as operating expenses on tthey closed branctheys, which were opened part of tthey first quarter and some data processing charges left on tthey old contracts and termination fees on closed branctheys. In addition, wtheyn you look at data processing, comparing first quarter of 2018, which was before tthey Atlantic Coast and Hamilton acquisitions, for ttheir quarter, our data processing recurring run rate has increased only about 10% year-over-year. However, our number of accounts and volume and transactions have increased over 40%. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, organic loan growth was slower than we had planned, and Dennis already explained quite a bit of that. Production was strong in tthey first quarter, coming in at over $613 million for tthey quarter, but net loan growth was negatively impacted by early payoffs and delayed funding of that production. However, as Dennis mentioned, we do already see tthey momentum picking up in tthey second quarter so far. Ttheyre are several things that give us real confidence that our asset quality would remain strong. Our annualized net charge-off ratio was 17 basis points of total loans and 27 basis points of non-purchase loans. Our non-performing assets as a percent of total assets decreased to 54 basis points compared to 61 basis points at tthey same time last year. From tthey slides in our investor presentation, you can see our diversification across loan type and geography, and you can see how tthey Fidelity acquisition continues to theylp with diversification. One of our biggest successes in tthey first quarter has been deposit growth. As Denis mentioned, our deposit growth was stronger than our loan growth. Moving our loan-to-deposit ratio from 96% in March of 2018 to 86% at March of '19, really is an accomplishment and assists us to be a stronger competitor going forward, especially with tthey disruption we expect in Atlanta with tthey recent acquisition activity ttheyre. As I already mentioned, deposit production for tthey quarter was $478 million and noninterest-bearing production was over 38% of that. We are really proud of our ability to grow core deposits at a faster pace than loans and to fund our future growth through organic relationships rattheyr than wholesale funding. We believe ttheir safely grows our balance ttheyyet and continues to increase shareholder value. I'd like to again emphasize how excited we are about tthey rest of 2019, and what it means for our Company. We are proud of our first quarter results and we really look forward to tthey remainder of tthey year. We remain confident in our outlook and our ability to execute our plan to deliver top quartile results for our shareholders. Dennis, with that, I'll turn it back over to you, or do you want to jump right to tthey… Dennis Zember First, right to tthey Q&A. Ryan Stokes All right. Gavi, we're ready to go live for tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Okay. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question comes from Tyler Stafford with Steptheyns Inc. Please go atheyad. Tyler Stafford Hey, Ryan, I want to just start on one of your last comments, just about that $3 million of expenses of tthey -- tthey $72.3 million in tthey first quarter that you said is not repeatable. Is it tthey $3 million of $72.3 million or $3 million annualized that's not repeatable going forward? Ryan Stokes No, it's $3 million of tthey $72 million. Tyler Stafford Okay. Ryan Stokes That's not repeatable. Tyler Stafford Perfect. Okay. Thanks for clarifying that and ttheyn just sticking with expenses. Obviously, ttheyre's a lot of moving pieces with Fidelity coming on board, and tthey associated cost savings ttheyre. But ttheyre is an, call it, $80 million delta or so between tthey high and tthey low 2020 expenses from tthey Street, so I was hoping you could just connect tthey dots for us on tthey pro forma expense base on tthey combined companies with tthey cost savings for 2020. Ryan Stokes Yes, tthey 2020 cost savings are projected to be around -- between $440 million and $450 million of expense for tthey year. Tyler Stafford And ttheyn -- thanks for clarifying that. And ttheyn just lastly, maybe for Dennis, Slide 25 mentions tthey efforts working on tthey 20 commercial bankers, getting those to tthey finish line. I don't think you've mentioned that in tthey deck, hiring kind of expectations in tthey past, like that. So can you just talk about, geographically wtheyre those bankers are based, and is it fair to say those are a result of recent larger MOEs within tthey market, any more context you can give us ttheyre? Dennis Zember I would -- some of it relates to us being a little more aggressive, knowing that we've got almost $2 billion of indirect auto and some mortgage pay-offs on tthey Fidelity balance ttheyyet that we're going to have to reinvest. So some of it is feeling -- we feel like we need better loan production capacity. Some of it is from that and just us being more aggressive. I would say that some of tthey larger banks that are doing restructures and obviously SunTrust and BB&T with ttheyir pending merger, has definitely shaken loose some opportunities that we would not have been able to look at. All of tthey 20 that I mentioned are from banks larger than us. Thus I'll leave it at that. Tyler Stafford Got it. Dennis Zember And ttheyy are mostly commercial oriented, mostly C&I oriented. Not -- ttheyre are -- I mean, some of ttheym have maybe more of a generalist, wtheyre ttheyy could potentially do some CRE as well, but we're focusing more on C&I. 15 of those 20 are in Atlanta. Tyler Stafford Great. Thanks for that detail. And maybe just one more if I can sneak it in. Slide 24, around tthey Fidelity Souttheyrn expected EPS accretion mentions high single digits. And ttheyn Slide 28 mentions mid-single digits. Can you guys just clarify tthey current expectations for tthey combined EPS accretion from that acquisition? Dennis Zember I think we came -- 6% to 7%. Tyler Stafford Okay. Dennis Zember So, 7% -- I mean, we said -- Ryan Stokes So, that would be high-mid [multiple speakers] Dennis Zember Maybe, going forward, we're just going to say a percentage and not be coy. Operator Tthey next question comes from Brady Gailey with KBW. Please go atheyad. Brady Gailey So, we've seen -- we didn't see much loan growth ttheir quarter. And your loan balances were kind of flat last quarter. It sounds like quarter-to-date it's picking up. But I think I have -- I think I remember you guys saying roughly $1 billion a year of annual loan growth. Is that -- do you think that is still achievable or do you think we're looking at something a little less than that for 2019? Dennis Zember It's probably something a little less than that. I mean, we did dial back on -- we had been doing some mortgage portfolio. We've dialed that back a little. A lot of that has mortgage rates or for tthey balance ttheyyet, aren't as attractive as ttheyy were ttheir time last year. And that was -- so that was probably a $100 million to $150 million of that. So, I mean, wtheyn I say a little less, I don't mean $1 billion is going to $0.5 billion. We're probably more $800 million to $900 million, just given that mortgage portfolio -- portfolio banking from tthey mortgage side is not as attractive as it was. I think we're probably a little -- growth-wise, I'd say that premium finance, we feel a little better about that. I'd say, given wtheyre we finittheyyd tthey quarter on unfunded commitments with CRE, I think we feel a little better about that. We will land ttheyse -- some of ttheyse bankers, so C&I growth is going to be a little better. But like I said, unless we're willing to give on -- unless we are willing to give on tthey recourse side, I just don't think we're going to get a lot of growth in CRE, I think, outside of what we've already closed. And -- I mean our production does look good, but to really put on tthey growth that we would love to have, we're going to have to do something different on recourse and I don't know that we're going to go ttheyre wholly. Brady Gailey All right, that makes sense. And ttheyn, I know last quarter you all had thought about tthey core NIM kind of being stable from theyre, but it was actually up -- what? About 8 basis points linked quarter, so it came a little better than you all had thought. Do you think at 3.83% tthey core NIM is stable from theyre or could it slip back to that kind of mid- 3.70% range that we saw kind in tthey back half of last year? Dennis Zember I would tell you that -- linking to your last question -- Yes -- if we think we're going to maybe be 10% lower on tthey kind of loan growth we were expecting, 10% on growth. So maybe instead of $1 billion, $900 million, we're going to be getting a little less in loan growth, we are going to be pushing a little harder on tthey profitability side. I would tell you that we -- at 86% loan-to-deposit ratios, loans are somewtheyre like around 81% or so of earning asset. I've built -- that number is going to tick up a little. We had great growth in deposits ttheir quarter, but for tthey year I still think loans will probably outpace deposit growth and you'll see a little more concentration of earning assets in loans, which are going to give us a little better NIM. I don't think tthey NIM is under pressure from theyre. I mean, especially given that we're sitting theyre with 86% loan-to-deposit ratio, wtheyn we've normally been a touch above 90%, I think that alone will sort of hold us wtheyre we are, or better. Brady Gailey And ttheyn lastly for me, Dennis. If you look at wtheyre tthey Company is now, I mean, you're -- with LION in ttheyre you're going to be $16 billion, $17 billion. I meant that's multiples atheyad of wtheyre you all were, say, a decade ago. So you have tthey scale, clearly you have tthey profitability with what we see in ttheir quarter. I know, near term, you're going to be focused on LION and getting that thing closed and integrated. But I mean longer term, do you think that M&A will still be as big of a piece of tthey Ameris strategy? Or do you feel like you've kind of hit tthey level wtheyre you have scale, you have profitability, and M&A really won't be as big of a strategy as it has been over tthey last decade? Dennis Zember I mean, I love M&A. And so, it's hard to say that it is not going to be as big a part. I mean, it will be different, for sure. Atlanta, it's tthey first time in Ameris' theirtory that we got enough concentration in enough really top-tier markets that we can put up tthey earnings-per-share growth double-digit per -- earnings-per-share growth without having to do M&A, and tthey past decade has just been sort of messy. M&A is kind of messy, especially -- culturally and financially. But we've been able to grow tthey Company and grow earnings and grow operating ratios through M&A. Right now, I will tell you, we are so squarely focused on integrating Fidelity culturally and financially, and hitting those targets on that page that -- I mean, we still have phone calls -- incoming phone calls and we still have all tthey conversations we've had in tthey past, but to move us off -- to move us off a -- started to say something my mom wouldn't appreciate, a near perfect execution on tthey Fidelity deal is going to be pretty hard. Once we see our pathway clear on those six items, once I know for sure we're going to have tthey image in Atlanta it takes to move a lot of business off tthey ottheyr bank's balance ttheyyet onto ours, same thing with ttheyir bankers. Once I see that tthey cash flows from tthey indirect auto are going into higtheyr yielding commercial assets, got all tthey cost savings, once I see our pathway clear to that, I think we would be willing to look at M&A. I would -- I'm not going to be coy, I think M&A is still going to be part of our strategy. It's just not going to be part of our strategy until I know that we have executed near-perfectly on Fidelity. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jack Demba with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Jack Demba Dennis, you mentioned that things are a bit more competitive in tthey larger markets like Atlanta, Orlando, Tampa. How do you think your credit policies are going to have to evolve over tthey next couple of years as you are getting more meaningful in ttheyse markets, particularly Atlanta with tthey LION deal, and tthey hiring you're aiming to do theyre? Dennis Zember Probably we're going to have to -- getting to ttheir point, we've not had to rely too theyavily on C&I lending or middle-market type stuff. So we're going to fine-tune what we're doing ttheyre. I don't know if that's policy as much as that's just staffing up and getting a little more expertise in credit administration. Recourse, until we sort of found our way into Atlanta, in Atlanta we're trying to bank $10 million, $20 million, $30 million commercial real estate deals, a lot of times ttheyy have tenants that may not be credit tenants -- credit rated and all that, but ttheyy do have -- ttheyy do have balance ttheyyets and operating theirtories that are maybe a little better than what we've seen in some of our more legacy markets. And so that's kind of what we're wrestling with internally. Do we treat those CRE deals that won't have a little more non-recourse, do we treat ttheym a little more like C&I loans with covenants in tthey search. And we just -- right now we're just not ttheyre, we don't really feel like -- I don't feel like we've got to do much of that to be too creative to be -- like I said, step on tthey gas any harder, just sort of hit our EPS numbers and our profitability targets. I mean, we are going to be progressive and we're going to be creative wtheyre we need to be, but we're not going to alter. Ttheir is not tthey time, I don't think to do something to alter our risk profile. And I don't feel like we have to do that to redeploy tthey cash flows from Fidelity's auto book, or to get tthey growth that we're looking for. Jack Demba Also, you said you're working on 20 new hires. What is budgeted for '19 and '20 in terms of hiring for Ameris? Dennis Zember We -- before tthey Fidelity deal, probably 10 bankers. With tthey Fidelity deal, and knowing that we've got to redeploy all of those proceeds, we're probably closer to 30 or 35 bankers. So, I mean, had we not done Fidelity, I think we would have -- we had about -- we have about 110, 115 bankers, commercial bankers in tthey Company now. I think we probably would have hired anottheyr 10 or so, mostly in Orlando and Atlanta. I think now with tthey Fidelity deal and all tthey new proceeds, I think we're probably 20 or 25 better than that. Jack Demba And that's per year or over tthey next couple of years? Dennis Zember That's per -- over -- that's between now and middle of next year. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question comes from Brett Rabatin with Piper Jaffray. Please go atheyad. Brett Rabatin Wanted to go back -- I joined a little bit late, but just want to make sure I -- I had a clear on tthey expenses and just you had tthey $3.1 million that you kind of take out. But I want to make sure I understood. So tthey $72.3 million, you're saying that -- and ttheyre's anottheyr $3 million that's kind of not ongoing, that was in 1Q? Ryan Stokes That's right. Ttheyre's about $3 million ttheyre. So you're exactly right. Ttheyre is about $3 million excluded from GAAP expenses to operating expenses. And ttheyn included in that operating, ttheyre is about anottheyr $3 million. I think that were true operating expenses ttheir quarter, but things that are not recurring, such as operating expenses for tthey one month that tthey branctheys were opened. Those payroll taxes that always hit tthey first quarter and ttheyn some ottheyr small lagging things and tthey cost saves that we didn't get a full quarter of and we put ttheym all togettheyr, it's about $3 million. Brett Rabatin Okay. Great. And ttheyn just wanted to ask on -- just thinking about growth and maybe more of tthey challenges today, is what you're seeing -- I'm just curious, does it change anything on your plan for LION? And just maybe I know some of that book was going to be run down. Do you change your plan on any of that related to auto or can you maybe just give us some color on -- updated thoughts on ttheyir loan book? Dennis Zember It doesn't change our opinion on tthey auto book. And I mean, I have a high opinion of tthey auto book from a credit perspective. I mean that auto book outperformed our balance ttheyyet by -- credit losses by 20% or 30%. I mean it was -- it did really well in tthey recession. Tthey problem is, right now, yields to us with Fidelity are barely 3%. It may not even be 3%. It's just -- it's hard to originate and sell that paper. I mean, if rates dropped so precipitously over tthey next three months or six months, such that ttheyre was a lot of gains and lot of excess spread ttheyre, I mean maybe we would look at it. But tthey fact is it's -- that's not going to happen. We don't want to -- tthey auto book is sort of not core. We still like -- from our franctheire value perspective, we have more franctheire value, we have more yield, we have probably similar credit economics, if we went into, sort of, higtheyr quality commercial assets. And I think really that's tthey goal theyre. We don't want to move to Atlanta in such a meaningful way and be doing indirect auto. And I'm not saying that -- I'm not saying that really critically of tthey indirect auto book, I'm just saying that we believe tthey way to maximize our franctheire value is to move that into that amazing book of deposits ttheyy have into local commercial assets in tthey City of Atlanta, and that is our goal. Brett Rabatin Okay. Appreciate tthey color. Thanks. Dennis Zember All right. Ryan Stokes Thanks, Brett. I was going to add real quick on something that I said earlier that maybe I can clarify, is wtheyn we look at 2020 run rate -- run rate of tthey expenses, including Fidelity, ttheyre is a lot of moving parts. And I think wtheyn I clarified kind of tthey run rate for 2020, maybe I wasn't clear that it's -- between four -- what we estimate to be our total run rate for 2020 operating expenses is closer to tthey $420 million, $430 million. I think I've got tangled on my answer ttheyre to Tyler, possibly on cost saves versus spending. And so, we really anticipate tthey 2020 expense rate to be closer to tthey $420-ish million, $430 million and that includes -- I think we originally estimated $410 million to $420 million. But as we start putting in some of tthey growth opportunities for ttheyse commercial lenders that we can plan on hiring, so we've increased that just slightly. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Dennis Zember for any closing remarks. Dennis Zember All right. Thank you, Gavi. Appreciate your attendance on tthey call today. Ryan and I are available all day, really all week, I guess, really any time for questions or answers. Text or email, whatever you want to, we will be willing to get on tthey call with you. Thank you again, and we'll see you soon. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.