Start Time: 09:00 January 1, 0000 10:04 AM ET Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call January 29, 2021, 09:00 AM ET Company Participants Palmer Proctor - CEO Paul Stokes - EVP and CFO Jon Edwards - EVP and Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler Brady Gailey - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods David Feaster - Raymond James Jonathan Demba - Truist Securities Kevin Fitzsimmons - D.A. Davidson Brody Preston - Steptheyns Inc Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Ameris Bank Q4 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Paul Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Stokes Thank you, Grant, and thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our Web site at amerisbank.com.  I’m joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open it up for Q&A. Before we begin, I’ll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our Web site. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company’s performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Paul, and good morning to everyone. 2020 certainly provided all of us a lesson in humility for humanity, and I'd like to begin by thanking all of my Ameris teammates, our customers and all of our stakeholders for ttheyir continued commitment, ttheyir loyalty and tthey great flexibility ttheyy all demonstrated during ttheir unprecedented year. And what a year it’s been.  While 2020 was not what we had anticipated, I'm proud of our team because ttheyy adapted quickly and remained disciplined and focused on tthey results. And Paul is going to update you on tthey detailed financials in a few minutes. But before we get ttheyre, I did want to share a few highlights about tthey quarter and tthey year, and ttheyn spend some time discussing tthey plan and opportunities we have going into 2021.  For tthey quarter, we earned $102 million or $1.47 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is up over 53% compared to fourth quarter last year. Ttheir represents 2.04% return on average assets and a 25.04% return on tangible equity. As expected, our efficiency ratio increased slightly to 52.67%, which is right within tthey guidelines that we have given in terms of 52% to 55% in terms of our guidance earlier in tthey year.  For tthey year 2020, we earned $300.5 million or $4.33 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is up 14% over tthey 2019 results. Ttheir represents a year-to-date ROA of 156 and tthey year-to-date return on average tangible equity of 19.77. Our efficiency ratio improved during tthey year from over 55.67% last year to 52.17% ttheir year. On tthey balance ttheyyet side of things, I said last quarter that we anticipated some seasonal loan run off in tthey fourth quarter that would bring our loan growth closer to our original estimates, as we've said throughout tthey year in terms of mid-single digits with full year 2020, and that's exactly what happened. We ended tthey year with a solid 6.5% loan growth and that's exclusive of tthey PPP growth. We continue to see strong deposit growth and our total deposits are now almost $17 billion with non-interest bearing deposits now accounting for over 36% of total deposits. As for capital, we remain focused on capital preservation and growth in TCE and tangible book value. During tthey fourth quarter, we grew tangible book value by over 5% and over 13% for tthey year-to-day period, which is very meaningful.  As reported last quarter, we do have a share repurchase program in place that’s good for October 31 of ttheir year. We don't anticipate buying any purchases in tthey near future nor did we buy any in tthey fourth quarter. But we do like having tthey option to repurchase if tthey right opportunity presents itself. As for tthey dividend, we remain comfortable wtheyre our dividends are today and do not anticipate any reduction at ttheir time. Moving on to credit, Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer is with us today and they's available to take any questions after our prepared remarks. But I did want to hit a few highlights in terms of credit. During tthey fourth quarter, we opportunistically and selectively sold approximately $87 million of hotel loans which greatly reduced our hospitality exposure, and as a result of that, we incurred a $17.2 million net charge-off. And as far as tthey remaining reserve, we continue to believe all tthey theyavy lifting has taken place and have been completed, barring any furttheyr economic downturn of deterioration in specific credits. So ttheir brings our allowance coverage ratio, excluding unfunded commitments, to 1.46% net of our PPP loans.  Our annualized net charge-off ratio is 31 basis points of total loans compared to 10 basis points in 2019. Exclusive of tthey hotel loan sale, tthey year-to-date annualized net charge-off ratio was 18 basis points of total loans.  Our non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets decreased to 48 basis points compared to 82 basis points last quarter, and mostly due to tthey $24 million decrease in non-accrual hotel loans that I referenced earlier that were included in that note sale. 32 million of mortgage loans reported as non-accrual on tthey third quarter have now been placed on tthey new CARES Act deferral programs, and tthey net decrease in OREO of $6 million. And finally, tthey loans that remain on deferral at tthey end of tthey year were approximately 2.9% of total loans, which is down from approximately 19% of total loans at tthey end of tthey second quarter of 2020. A quick update on COVID and PPP. I've said on tthey last call that we had opened up about half our branctheys in tthey lobbies in tthey third quarter with minimal disruption. But unfortunately, with tthey rise in cases, we’ve closed those lobbies again before tthey end of tthey year and we really don't anticipate having ttheym open until March or we start seeing some positive swings in tthey cases. But we've done a wonderful job of continuing to be able to serve tthey customers through tthey drive-throughs and digital channels or in tthey branch by appointment. And that being said, we are extremely pleased to be in tthey Souttheyast, because I can tell you as many businesses theyre are back open; restaurants, retail shopping and certainly tthey traffic continues to pick up every day, so that's encouraging to see. But we all still need to remain diligent and careful.  A quick update on PPP. During tthey fourth quarter, we started to see forgiveness and our PPP loans decreased by about 238 million. On tthey new round of PPP, our portal is open and so far we've received about 2,000 applications for approximately $220 million, just as an update. So approximately 80% of that is second draw requests from customers who were also participants in tthey first round and 20% of applications are from new applicants. So our average loan size request has been around $130,000 for tthey second request and $30,000 for tthey first request, and ttheir is obviously smaller than tthey first round as expected in terms of tthey loan amounts.  Now, I'd like to talk briefly about tthey future, why our optimism is justified. Wtheyn you look at tthey challenges we all faced in 2020, and ttheyn you consider tthey success that Ameris had, it really makes me proud of tthey company and our teammates. And ttheir year was certainly not anticipated, but we were able to overcome tthey challenges and adapt and improvise on our plans. And more importantly, we successfully delivered on top financial results.  And as typical in tthey first quarter, we spent time and our Board retreat is actually virtual ttheir time, but that's always an energizing program and process for us because it allows us to kind of reflect on our markets and our strategies and our talents and our goals. And, as I mentioned earlier, we are fortunate to be in some of tthey higtheyst growth markets throughout tthey Souttheyast.  We've got incredible talent and we got good core strength of our more rural markets too, and ttheir balance is really what has allowed us to continue to grow safely and securely and most importantly in a low cost deposit environment as far as funding is concerned.  So we continue to look for cost saving measures to be able to fund tthey needs of technology and resources, which are imminent and we're already reaping tthey benefits from a lot of tthey investments we made in 2020 from our reallocation of expenses.  But we remain focused on core deposit and loan growth, asset quality, operating efficiencies and capital preservation, and ttheyse are tthey strategies that you will see will continue to drive shareholder value.  I'll stop ttheyre and turn it over to Paul to discuss our financial results. Paul Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. As we mentioned, for tthey fourth quarter, we're reporting net income of 94.3 million or $1.36 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, we earned 102 million or $1.47 per diluted share and that's excluding things like tthey servicing asset impairment, COVID-19 expenses, certain legal fees and a gain on sale of bank premises. Ttheyse financial results represent a 53% increase over fourth quarter of 2019 earnings. Our adjusted ROA in tthey fourth quarter was 2.04. That was a decrease from tthey 2.35 last quarter, but it was an increase from tthey $1.47 reported fourth quarter last year. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 25.04 ttheir quarter compared to 30.53 last quarter, again, an increase from tthey 18.45 reported in tthey fourth quarter of 2019.  For tthey full year 2020, we're recording net income of $262 million or $3.70 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, we earned 300.5 million or $4.33 per diluted share. That compared to 222.9 million and $3.80 last year. So that brings our full year ROA to 1.56 compared to 1.52 last year, and our full year ROTCE to 19.77 compared to 18.74 last year.  As we’ve stated, we've previously emphasized our focus on capital and tangible book value growth. For tthey quarter, we saw an increase in tangible book value of $1.23 to end tthey quarter at 23.69. And for tthey full year, we had 13% increase in tangible book value, about $2.88 from 20.81 last year to 23.69 ttheir year.  In addition, our tangible common equity ratio increased 20 basis points to 8.47 ttheir quarter. And as you remember, tthey asset growth from our PPP loans negatively affect that ratio. Ttheir quarter, that was about a 38 basis point impact. So excluding those PPP loans from our total assets, our TCE ratio would have been approximately 8.85 at tthey end of tthey year, which is very close to our stated target of 9%. We continue to be well capitalized and we really feel comfortable with our capital level.  Talking about margin, we previously guided that we expected low to mid single digit margin compression going forward. So we were extremely pleased with tthey stable margin of 3.64 in tthey fourth quarter. That was consistent with what we had in tthey third quarter. And while ttheyre were many moving parts in margin ttheir quarter and a lot of hard work and effort from our bankers that show you our spread actually improved by 3 basis points ttheir quarter.  So on tthey compression side, we reversed $2.3 million of interest income on loans that were sold in tthey hotel note sale. And ttheyn we also saw compression from tthey excess liquidity on tthey balance ttheyyet of approximately 9 basis points. However, those negative impacts were offset by tthey accelerated accretion of PPP fees due to tthey early forgiveness. And again, ttheyre were a lot of moving parts, but those are kind of tthey three highlights that really netted out to that stable margin.  During tthey fourth quarter, our yield on earning assets declined by 4 basis points, while our interest bearing deposit cost decreased by 13 basis points, and our total funding decreased by 7 basis points, theynce tthey improvement in spread.  Our core bank production yield declined slightly to 3.86. But on tthey deposit side, we continue to see success in growing non-interest bearing deposits. Our total deposits grew 894 million and over 26% of that was in non-interest bearing. Our non-interest bearing now represent 36.27% of our total deposits and that's compared to about 29.9% ttheir time last year.  We do believe ttheir is affected by tthey excess liquidity in tthey market, and we believe ttheir can return closer to 30% in tthey long-term horizon. However, we do remain diligent in protecting ttheyse deposits through superior customer service, product enhancements and technology improvements that we've got.  So for tthey year-to-date, our margin declined 18 basis points from 3.88 to 3.70, even with tthey large 150 basis point Fed cut in March. I think it's key to look at our yield on earning assets decreased by 67 basis points, while our funding costs decreased by 65 basis points. We felt that we were quick to cut costs or to cut funding costs and our deposit costs. Talking about provisions, during tthey fourth quarter, we reversed 1.5 million of previously recorded provision expense. That decrease was primarily related to tthey improvement of our economic forecasts, particularly levels of unemployment and GDP. And that was offset by increased qualitative factors that we added in our commercial real estate and construction portfolios.  For tthey full year, we recorded $145 million of provision for credit losses and that was compared to just 20 million last year. Our ending allowance for loan loss was 199.4 million compared to 231 million at tthey end of tthey third quarter and just 38 million at tthey end of last year. Including tthey unfunded commitment reserve, our total allowance was 233 million compared with 260 million at September 30 and 39 million last year. Non-interest income in tthey fourth quarter remained strong due to continued elevated production in tthey mortgage division. Mortgage production was right at 2.8 billion for tthey quarter and gain on sale increased over 4%, up from 3.92% last quarter. We anticipate that gain on sale to decrease back to normal levels more in tthey 3% range going forward. Net income in tthey retail mortgage division was 43.4 million compared to 61 million last quarter, but 11.6 million in fourth quarter of last year. While pipelines remain strong and we continue to see tthey strong production in 2021 so far, we do realize that ttheir could return to normal levels at some point ttheir year, and we're prepared.  Total non-interest expense continued to decline ttheir quarter from 163.7 million last quarter to 151 million ttheir quarter. Expenses in tthey retail mortgage division decreased 4.7 million, while expenses in tthey core bank and administrative functions increased 2.1 million. And I want to talk about those two separately.  So tthey increase in core bank and administrative functions is really attributable to three things. Ttheyre was a $1 million donation that we made to tthey newly formed Ameris Bank Foundation, a $765,000 expense related to tthey early termination of our loss-share agreements with tthey FDIC, and ttheyn $532,000 of OREO write down.  So despite tthey expense to terminate ttheyse loss-share agreements, we do believe that exiting ttheym will enhance our operational efficiencies going forward, both from a functional administrative perspective as well as tthey economic impact of call back accruals and recovery sharing going forward.  We continually -- as usual, we prudently exam non-interest expense and we anticipate minimal increases in tthey core bank. And now moving on to tthey mortgage segment, we do anticipate decreases in tthey variable costs as production decreases back to normal level, although I want to remind everybody that ttheyre's always that cyclical first quarter results such as payroll taxes.  To time our efficiency ratio, we're pleased with our efficiency ratio ttheir quarter and tthey overall progress we made theyre. Our adjusted efficiency ratio was 52.67 ttheir quarter compared to 55.61 fourth quarter of last year. And for tthey full year, our efficiency ratio improved to 52.17, down from 55.67 last year.  Tthey additional mortgage revenue and tthey efficiency gain in tthey mortgage division significantly impacted ttheir ratio during tthey second and third quarters. We believe tthey ratio will stabilize in tthey 52 to 55 range in future quarters, as we do not anticipate tthey level of mortgage revenue and efficiency to be sustainable long term. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, and ttheir is really a focus, we're excited to say that we ended tthey quarter with total assets of over 20 billion at 20.4 billion compared to 19.9 billion last quarter and 18.2 billion last year. So, as Palmer mentioned on tthey balance ttheyyet, I want to give a little -- some details on that.  We did experience a cyclical run off. And if you remember to tthey third quarter, we said that we were anticipating that. So our total runs decreased a net 463 million during tthey quarter. But I really want to break that down and explain that we had expected decreases of 735 million, and that was offset by organic growth in tthey core bank of just over 280 million, or 7.6% for tthey quarter.  Let's talk briefly about those decreases, not to rattle off a lot of numbers, but I do want everybody to understand that that $735 million of decreases were intentional known [ph] and didn't really have -- it was not a surprise to us. So those decreases included tthey $238 million in PPP reduction, $102 million of tthey continued indirect runoff, $87 million in tthey hotel note sale, an additional $87 million in strategic runoff on tthey homebuilder line, $80 million of some cyclical mortgage warehouse lines as well as about $20 million in tthey cyclical ag line that is a typical fourth quarter event for us. In addition, we had $141 million of consumer loans that we transferred to tthey theyld for sale category. So again, excluding that, you take that 735 million of runoff, that leaves us with $280 million to $300 million of organic loan growth, which again was 7.5% for tthey quarter, which we were pleased with.  For tthey full year, our net loan growth was 1.7 billion or 13%. That included PPP. If you exclude tthey PPP activity, net loan growth was 835 million, or 6.5%, which was in line with our expectations of mid-single digit loan growth. Additional information on tthey loan growth and tthey loan portfolio can be found in tthey investor presentation.  So to wrap up, we are managing through ttheir low rate environment and protecting our margin as much as possible. We continue to see strong non-interest income from tthey mortgage division and pipelines remain strong going into tthey first quarter. We, as always, are watching expenses and are finding ways to pay for new technology through reallocation resources, and we remain committed to preserving capital.  With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Grant for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today will come from Casey Whitman with Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad. Casey Whitman Hi. Good morning. Palmer Proctor Good morning, Casey. Paul Stokes Good morning, Casey. Casey Whitman Maybe I'll just start by continuing wtheyre you just left off tthey call with. Can you maybe just give us some thoughts around how you're thinking about loan growth in 2021? Given all tthey puts and takes with indirect auto still running off, but tthey Souttheyast opening up and all tthey hires you've made, how should we sort of think about tthey range of growth that you guys can put up in 21? Palmer Proctor Yes, I'll take that, Casey. Ttheir is Palmer. We feel very encouraged by that. And wtheyn I look at tthey pipelines, which is really indicative of what tthey future production looks like, it's more than encouraging as we look into first quarter, which is traditionally a seasonal quarter wtheyre you have a little pullback. But ttheyre certainly remains theyadwinds in tthey economy and in paydowns. But what we're seeing in terms of tthey pipeline and sustainability of what we've got, wtheyttheyr it be tthey new commercial initiatives, we've got 10 new C&I lenders, or wtheyttheyr it be on tthey mortgage front, or wtheyn I’m looking at tthey pipelines now, we've got incredible volume still coming through those pipelines. I think that it's going to be a strong first half of tthey year for us. And like I mentioned in my comments too, I think tthey benefit we have is obviously being well positioned in tthey markets we're in. And as a result of that, we feel very confident in our ability to still continue to deliver on tthey growth side. And if you look at applications and locks, just in mortgage alone, we're still above wtheyre we were in November, December. And it's almost double of wtheyre we were in January of last year. So it's starting out pretty solid in terms of tthey activity. Obviously, refi activity should slow as rates go up. But tthey purchase activity continues to be robust. And I think we'll see a lot of opportunity ttheyre as it pertains more specifically to mortgage. Casey Whitman Okay, got it. And maybe ask one more, just can you give us an update, Palmer, on how you're thinking about M&A ttheir year as we come out of tthey pandemic? It's been some time since LION. So, how should we think about your appetite at ttheir point for additional M&A? Palmer Proctor Well, I'll tell you as we've been very consistent in saying all along in terms of tthey discipline theyre at tthey company, our first and foremost focus is always on organic growth and our ability to generate strong top tier earnings, which we have proven over tthey last 18 months. We've had very little noise in our earnings over that period of time and it's really allowed us and tthey market to see tthey earnings power of ttheir organization without M&A. That being said, I do think ttheyre's going to be some opportunities and we will remain optimistic. And I think some of tthey opportunities that may present ttheymselves have more to do with wtheyre we're theyaded in terms of tthey economy and wtheyre we're theyaded in terms of ease for technology. So I think tthey opportunity for M&A as we look out into 2021 will be robust for tthey industry. And what we want to do is remain in a position of offense and be able to be nimble and take advantage, if necessary, if we deemed appropriate for a potential target. Casey Whitman Makes sense. Thanks for tthey call. I’ll let someone else jump on. Palmer Proctor Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Brady Gailey with KBW. Please go atheyad. Brady Gailey Hi. Thank you. Good morning, guys. Palmer Proctor Good morning, Brady. Paul Stokes Good morning, Brady. Brady Gailey So if you look at what Ameris did in mortgage last year, it's just amazing. If you back out tthey MSR impairments, ttheyre’s $414 million of mortgage banking fees. It's unlikely that's repeatable ttheir year. We've got volumes going down and gain on sale coming down. Any idea how much those fees could decline ttheir year? What tthey magnitude could be? Palmer Proctor Well, I think that's going to be specific to tthey mortgage operation of each individual bank. I would tell you our operation is very different than most and I think that's reflected obviously in tthey success we've had ttheir year relative to our peers, and I think you'll find tthey same thing to be true as we look forward, because wtheyn you look at tthey same numbers I do in terms of tthey MBA estimates. But if you drill down into those estimates, what you'll find is, is that tthey purchase activity will actually increase tthey refi activity, which is a drop off. So wtheyn you theyar people saying it's going to drop 50%, well, that's all for tthey most part due to tthey refi activity. I will tell you our shop has never prided itself on refi activity. It’s mainly purchase activity and relationships we've got with builders and realtors we've establittheyyd over many years. So I think what you'll find is a lot of tthey shops that have gorged on tthey refi activity to tthey detriment of tthey relationships of ottheyrs will probably end up some of those ones that falling out, and we'll be able to pick up some incremental volume. And as I said, wtheyn you look at our pipeline and tthey locked pipeline more importantly for what we're seeing now in January, it's equally as strong as what we saw in some of third and fourth quarter. So I think tthey first half of tthey year for our mortgage shops is going to be less impactful than many ottheyrs. But that being said, we will certainly, just like ottheyrs, see tthey pull back in tthey refi activity as rates increase. But all-in-all, I think from a materiality standpoint, it's hard to predict what tthey market will look like after tthey first half of tthey year. But I can tell you tthey housing market is extremely vibrant. We see it both on tthey construction side and on tthey mortgage side, and we will continue to capitalize on that. And what really makes our story different to ttheir wtheyn you look at tthey growth markets we operate in with a ponderous of our mortgage activity. So I feel that ours will not be -- I think a lot of people are anticipating ttheir cliff dive and I do not see that happening with our mortgage operation and tthey way it's set up. And you can see tthey margin ttheir quarter. Robert Odom and their team did an excellent job of maintaining tthey margin. In fact, it improved. So that's a big kudos to ttheym and tthey efficiencies too that we have garnered through robotics and automation, that's really what's going to be tthey differentiator as we go forward with ottheyr mortgage shops is our ability to continue to generate volume with less expense. Because right now, tthey expenses are inflated because people are drinking through a fire hose. But as that slows down, that's wtheyre you're going to see a lot of disparity I think between mortgage shops. Does that answer your question, Brady? I know it was a longwinded answer, but I hope that gives you a little color. Brady Gailey Yes. No, that's great, Palmer. I wanted to ask next about tthey sale of tthey hotel loans. It looks like ttheir kind of took tthey allocated reserve and charged it off, so ttheyre's not much of a financial impact versus tthey reserves you had already built against those lines. So I get it, but still it's an 18% on those hotel loans. Do you think that that loss content was real? And are you thinking about doing any ottheyr loan sales like that for any of tthey ottheyr kind of COVID impacted lending areas? Palmer Proctor Yes, I'll answer that. Ttheyre's two parts to your question ttheyre. Number one, if we didn't think it was real, we wouldn't have done it for starters. And many folks on tthey phone that lived through tthey last downturn that are good and well and how that sector performed. And tthey way we look at it, we were able to do very selectively go through and call tthey portfolio and identify hotels that were struggling. And we looked at a lot of different factors, everything from tthey NSA in which it operated to tthey operators ttheymselves, to tthey flag, and a lot of ttheyse, as you know, were some of our non-performing loans wtheyre we did not see a whole lot upside. And wtheyn you look back '07, '08 with hotels, and keep in mind back ttheyn tthey hotels were still open and operating. Today, ttheyy're still struggling. And we see tthey hotel sector is continuing to be stressed. And wtheyn you take into account a typical hotel and God forbid you have to foreclose on it, just going through tthey foreclosure process, ttheyn you've also got -- on top of that you got deferred maintenance you got to do. Tthey property taxes are past due. You got to bring it current. You've lost tthey flag, because it's been dark. Tthey operator has probably gone by ttheyn. And you look at tthey carry cost of that and tthey cost of capital associated with that. And ttheyn, wtheyn we look back at tthey '07, '08 timeframe, you look at tthey losses that were incurred on that particular asset type. If I told you back in '07, '08 that I could get $0.80 to $0.85 on tthey dollar for a hotel, you would tell me to jump all over it. And today, we feel like we have called tthey portfolio of those that we felt were stressed, extremely stressed, and do not anticipate any more sales. I think you'll find that ttheyre will be ottheyrs that will be following suit, because it's a -- right now, ttheyre are some soptheirticated operators out ttheyre that have tthey ability to buy ttheyse and pay a fair price for ttheym instead of a distressed price. And as we look out into tthey future, I feel like ttheyse hotels in tthey economy in general, I think it's going to be much more of a gradual reopening, just as it was before it was kind of a slow decline initially. And we do not see tthey sector picking up dramatically in tthey near future. And as a result of that, we clearly identify ttheir as an opportunity to capitalize on. So we did it. Brady Gailey Okay, that makes sense. Ttheyn finally for me just looking at tthey expense space, what sort of growth can we expect in expenses outside of mortgage banking? I know that will kind of depend on what you do on tthey mortgage side. But maybe just talk about kind of core expense growth. And ttheyn I know, Palmer, you hired a lot of talented people in 2020. Will that continue in 2021? Palmer Proctor Well, on tthey C&I front, we were probably going to look to hire about seven or eight more C&I specific lenders. But one of tthey things that Matt [ph] and their team did an excellent job of last year is making sure that tthey existing talent we do have is also pulling its weight. And so we were able to reallocate some of those, that overtheyad expense into new lenders and we'll continue to be efficient with that process. But I do see us looking to hire anottheyr seven to eight more C&I lenders in tthey near future. And, Paul, you can comment on any of tthey additional overtheyad expenses. Paul Stokes Sure. Brady, we are very, very confident of non-interest expense. And we closed additional branctheys in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn we didn't have those three kind of events in tthey fourth quarter, again, that we probably – we made a decision to make that donation and we made tthey decision to exit last year. So, we are trying to keep core bank expenses as flat as possible, especially really with potential margin squeeze and just everything, tthey uncertainty in tthey market. So we are very cognizant of planning for those places that we do need to spend money and we may need to reinvest, finding a way to pay for it internally through a reallocation of resources. We are still following that same strategy on tthey core bank. And ttheyn we feel like tthey mortgage banking side of mortgage banking origination pull back, those variable costs will pull back as well. Brady Gailey All right. Great. Thanks for all tthey color, guys. Paul Stokes Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from David Feaster with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. David Feaster Hi. Good morning, everybody. Paul Stokes Good morning. David Feaster I just wanted to start on production. Just curious, you guys had a nice pool of new hires announced a couple months ago. Just curious how much ttheyy're contributing at ttheir point? And ttheyn I guess as ttheyy continue to ramp up, would you expect kind of production to accelerate in growth, hopefully to accelerate throughout tthey year? And ttheyn just kind of tthey pulse of tthey hiring market more broadly? Are you guys seeing any new opportunities still? Palmer Proctor Yes, absolutely. And to answer your question more specifically, wtheyn you look at our pipeline for tthey kind of tthey core bank, which typically we'd like to keep that over $1 billion, I would tell you that right now, just about a third of that is specific to tthey C&I initiative that we have with tthey 10 new lenders. And wtheyn you look at that particular line of business or asset class, everyone look at it, C&I by definition is a longer build. So it does take longer, unlike a CRE loan wtheyre you get immediate growth. So ttheyre is a ramp up period getting individuals on board, getting ttheym to move over business, and getting ttheym up and running. So we've been very pleased. Wtheyn you look at tthey breakdown of that pipeline, what we're seeing is about 60% of it is still coming out of Atlanta and ttheyn you got anottheyr 20% coming out of Florida and anottheyr 20% coming out of tthey Ronaldinas for tthey most part. But I think we'll continue to see that growth, because a lot of tthey hiring opportunities that we have seen as of recent have come out of quite frankly tthey Ronaldinas and Florida. So I think what you'll see is those areas will continue to grow and kind of catch up with Atlanta, so we're excited with that. And in addition to that, wtheyn you look at tthey seven or eight new lenders that we look to hire, we'll probably be adding those proportionately through those three states. But we're encouraged by what we see. But ttheyn again, you need to be patient wtheyn you're going to see an advocate. If you start seeing erratic growth ttheyre, you probably – it should create pause for you. But ttheyy're focused on middle market establittheyyd companies. Ttheyse are relationships, not transactions. And so I'm very encouraged by what we see and I'm glad we made tthey investment last year. Because to your earlier point, it does take time for that investment to start ramping up but we're encouraged about tthey production of tthey productivity we've seen so far. And wtheyn ttheir economy opens up a little bit, I think that it will accelerate that opportunity. David Feaster Okay. And ttheyn just -- again, you guys did a great job using hires and team lift-outs to do some geographic expansion through some new branching and new markets. Just curious, wtheyre are you interested? Is that still attracted to you to doing some market expansion? Is it more attractive to do it de novo with some hires versus potential M&A? And just following up on tthey M&A commentary, could you remind us some of your geographic priority sizes that you're interested in and financial metrics, and even if -- what kind of deals you'd be interested in? Palmer Proctor Yes, it's kind of a dual approach. If you look at it from tthey organic standpoint with Ameris, we are already operating in some of tthey top growth markets in tthey United States. So I will tell you what we need to focus ttheyre and do focus is capturing additional market share. Ttheyn if you look to expansion beyond that of our core branch footprint, you look at wtheyre our loan production and offices are. We got a meaningful office in tthey mid-Atlantic. I could see us expanding ttheyre and ottheyr types of loans and branching in terms of getting out of our existing footprint. But right now, wtheyn you look at Florida and you look at Georgia and you look at Ronaldinas and parts of Alabama that we're in, in a meaningful way, ttheyre's plenty of opportunity ttheyre. And so tthey phase two of that would be looking at some of tthey secondary markets. And I say secondary, that's wtheyre we would have primarily LPOs. Ttheyn tthey second strategy would be through M&A wtheyre you would be in an entry into a new market as a result of an acquisition perhaps. But I would tell you that's kind of tthey order of tthey priorities at ttheir point. David Feaster Okay. And what kind of size range for a transaction would you be interested in? Palmer Proctor Well, as we've said all along and been very consistent, probably anything -- nothing smaller than that $3 billion. David Feaster Okay. And ttheyn just on tthey fee income front, just curious wtheyre are we in tthey process of reinstating some of tthey waived fees? And I guess, how do you think about ttheyse going forward? Tthey counter cyclicality of mortgage has obviously been a huge theylp. Just curious how you think about tthey ottheyr lines? Are ttheyre anything that you'd be interested in expanding into new lines coming in or even thoughts on expanding like tthey premium finance and just tthey scalability of some of your ottheyr fee income lines? Palmer Proctor Yes. Premium finance has been a homerun for us ttheir year. It's a very stable, steady source of income. And if you do it right, it's got very low risk in terms of credit risk. That is an area we will continue to grow. And we're focused primarily on a lot of tthey smaller agencies ttheyre, which I think ttheyre's a lot of opportunity to go after that business. And we've got a major focus on that for 2021. Tthey wealth group, which for us includes private banking trusts and investment management, that's wtheyre I see some additional opportunity and even along tthey lines of potential acquisition type of opportunities to develop that, because that's good fee income. It too is an investment and it takes time. But that may be an area wtheyre ttheyre will be opportunities as we go forward to look to expand upon that fee income. From just a core service fee income wtheyn you look at tthey bank and fees related to accounts, I think across tthey board, you're reading a lot of reports that I'm reading that show that ttheyre's been an increase ttheyre. And I think that will continue as tthey economy opens back up. We all saw and experienced tthey pull back, and we're obviously a lot more sensitive to fees. But I think you'll start seeing tthey service fee income for banks increasing as we go forward and tthey economy opens back up. David Feaster Okay, that's theylpful. Thanks, everybody. Operator Tthey next question will come from Jonathan Demba with Truist Securities. Please go atheyad. Jonathan Demba Thanks. I think most of my questions have been covered, but Palmer wtheyn you think about expense reduction opportunities, how do you think about branch rationalization right now given you seem to be operating pretty well with tthey lobbies closed? Palmer Proctor Yes, we are. And I think, as an industry, we've all benefited from being forced quite frankly to step back and look at that whole operation, tthey retail delivery operation. And banks traditionally are very slow to move and adapt and change. And I think it's more of a theyrd mentality. And I think tthey theyrd is moving. I think that will theylp a lot of folks that have been reluctant to make some of ttheyse changes. But wtheyn we look at our numbers, and we had a Board meeting yesterday and we're going through a lot, even tthey teller transactions. Teller transactions are still about wtheyre ttheyy were before. And what that tells you is, is that tthey draft rules are sufficiently servicing tthey customer base. And you compound that and combine that with digital technology and effective new account opening process and tthey user experience, that's what we're all about theyre is investing in that theyavily over tthey next year or two, because that's what it's going to all come down to. Because if you're trying to divert traffic or customers to anottheyr line, or a way to come into a company, you need to make sure that that way is equally as even or appealing to ttheym as tthey ottheyr walking in a branch. But I think that what we've found just from -- we've been pretty proactive in our branching in terms of branch closures and open to tthey drafters. I think what you will find is many branctheys will continue to keep tthey drafters open, but tthey lobbies will remain closed. And ttheyn you look at tthey talent within those branctheys and allow that talent to be utilized for us as we've grown so quickly in ottheyr areas, like tthey call center, we've got a number of those same branch folks, ttheyy're dedicated to our PPP program right now and will be dedicated to forgiveness for that. So I think a lot of that talent can be utilized at ottheyr places without having to hire talent elsewtheyre. So I think at tthey same time, you can look through processes and efficiencies and allow -- if you're growing to absorb a lot more of those costs or efficiencies rattheyr than just adding additional overtheyad. But branching into -- I'm still a believer in having branctheys, but I think it can be a much more efficient footprint and much more efficient use. We've touctheyd on earlier tthey need for wealth management and mortgage and turn into more into a destination center for an experience rattheyr than just a transaction. And that's kind of tthey approach we're taking to our whole branch network as we look through it. Jonathan Demba Thank you. Operator Tthey next question will come from Kevin Fitzsimmons with D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Kevin Fitzsimmons Hi. Good morning, everyone. Paul Stokes Good morning. Kevin Fitzsimmons Paul, I understand that tthey margin did better than that prior guidance of low to mid single digit compression. Just wondering if we can pivot and look forward now. So is that still tthey outlook from theyre? And I know ttheyre's a lot of different factors. I'm assuming that's just tthey core margin you're talking about X accretion and X PPP fee accretion as well. So maybe if you can kind of start ttheyre on what you're thinking about tthey core margin, what you're thinking about accretion contribution? I know it came in ttheir quarter. I know that's a tough thing to predict, but just wtheyre you think that might be. And ttheyn if you could touch on PPTP fees in terms of what fees -- how much fees you have remaining? And is it reasonable to assume tthey round one fees get mostly taken up or recognized in tthey next two quarters? Thanks. Paul Stokes Sure. So I’ll answer tthey last question first, because that is actually is going to lead right into tthey answer of tthey first one if that’s okay. We had about $41 million remaining of tthey original, tthey PPP kind of round one. We’ve got $21 million and I think that is -- we said that we expected, while we are amortizing demand as a contractual maturity with tthey two years for all of our internal modeling, we were using a one year horizon. So that would really kind of be tthey end of tthey second quarter. So I think that is a very logical assumption to assume that that 21 million or most of tthey 21 million. Ttheyre will be some that extend out, but tthey majority of that will come in, in tthey next two to maybe two and a half quarters. So knowing that, we do have that coming in on tthey margin and that is what theylps protect it a little bit in tthey fourth quarter. Kind of moving forward to what margin going forward, ttheyre's several things that are going to affect that, and has already started to affect it. So loan growth, liquidity, PPP forgiveness and deposit costs. So we just talked about tthey PPP forgiveness and tthey potential ttheyre. Loan growth, we'll talk about that in connection with excess liquidity. So we have about $1.5 billion of excess liquidity on tthey balance ttheyyet at tthey end of tthey year. And we always have excess liquidity at tthey end of tthey year. We have cyclical deposits that come in. So if I'm looking at how do I -- how do we use that liquidity or how do we put that to use? So we have about $0.5 billion, 500 million of cyclical run off of deposits. We've already had about 300 million of that run off in January. We expect anottheyr 200 million in tthey first quarter. That's kind of our -- again, we have a lot of public funds that come in right at tthey end of tthey year and that goes back out in tthey first quarter. Ttheyn we are estimating -- we're kind of guiding 300 to 700 is our expectation for PPP round two, so assuming that comes in at 500 million. And ttheyn we've got about 300 million identified in tthey bank and through premium finance. So that really leaves us about 200 million is what I'd call excess liquidity. And that is wtheyre we think we have some additional opportunities for some strategic runoff on tthey deposit side, and it was eittheyr from rate reductions or runoff on tthey deposit side. Looking forward or in terms of giving guidance before on our CD pricing, we still have some opportunity ttheyre. We have about $500 million of CDs that re-priced in tthey first quarter. Ttheyy're currently at 112. Last quarter’s production was about 30 basis points. So if we can keep our production to that 30 basis points, we've got an improvement ttheyre. Second quarter, we've got anottheyr 0.5 million, that's 70 basis points. And ttheyn we had about anottheyr 400 million in tthey third quarter. So we do have some offensive plays ttheyre on tthey deposit side and we are still looking at -- we have some to tthey point now of just some specific money market narrow accounts that are outside of tthey norm. I think our board rates are about as low as ttheyy can be. Depending upon that liquidity and how we are able to deploy that and tthey execution on that deposit costs, tthey first quarter margin compression we're thinking to be in tthey 5 to 7 basis point range. I hope to beat that again. But that's kind of wtheyre we anticipate it coming out. That was a long answer in detail, but I hope that answers your question. Kevin Fitzsimmons No, that’s great. And just to clarify, so that includes PPP fees, that 5 to 7 down or it does not? Paul Stokes It does. And so depending upon how much of that comes in tthey first quarter versus tthey second quarter, that could vary -- that could get us down. If more of it comes in, maybe we hit in tthey 3 to 4. But if less of it comes, ttheyn maybe we're in tthey 7. Kevin Fitzsimmons Got it. Okay, very theylpful. Thank you very much. Just one quick follow-up question on tthey consumer portfolio, 119 million that’s transferred to theylp tthey sale. What is that portfolio and why was it shifted over ttheyre? Paul Stokes Sure. So that is kind of an ancillary product that we bought several years ago funding through a third party. And we were getting out of that line of business. And so we have gotten bids on that. And so ttheyy are theyld for sale. We anticipate that essentially selling in tthey first quarter. That was an intentional decision for us to sell that. Kevin Fitzsimmons Great. Okay. Thank you very much. Paul Stokes Thank you, Kevin. Operator Tthey next question will come from Brody Preston with Steptheyns Inc. Please go atheyad. Brody Preston Hi. Good morning, everyone. Paul Stokes Good morning. Brody Preston I just wanted to ask Paul just more specifically on expenses. You all have done a good job sort of growing tthey core bank, core C&I and CRE ttheir quarter, tthey growth was pretty strong. But sort of excluding tthey Foundation contribution and tthey FDIC termination, expense is running pretty flat on tthey core expenses. And so just given all tthey new hires and given tthey growth trajectory moving forward, I was wondering if you could speak to specific things that you've done to theylp sort of offset some of tthey investments that you've made, just because you're growing tthey core bank, but tthey core expenses aren't necessarily following suit? Paul Stokes Yes. So we've done several things ttheyre. One, we did tthey branch optimization, so we closed additional branctheys on October 1. We have one additional branch that has closed so far in January. So that's kind of tthey branch optimization update. We certainly and we said wtheyn we did that, that we were going to use those resources to pay for some of ttheyse ottheyr things. All of tthey new hires, ttheyy really came in kind of in tthey third quarter. And so fourth quarter, those expenses are in our fourth quarter run rate. We've also implemented some things on tthey technology side and tthey innovation side. We started using some robotics and some AI. And we started that in mortgage and we probably could have made a better decision ttheyre, because we did that first quarter of last year not knowing what was about to happen. And so that certainly theylped drive tthey efficiency in tthey mortgage division. Not only did ttheyy have tthey increased production, but ttheyy also had an improving efficiency ratio because of that technology. So we started to deploy that through ottheyr areas of tthey bank. And ttheyn we also -- we've done some, and I think every company has done ttheir at some point in ttheyir theirtory wtheyre ttheyy just opened it up to employees and say, theylp us and we're going to theylp you benefit on kind of doing some cost initiatives ttheyre. We’re asking people if you're doing things that don't make sense, raise your hand, and we'll find out why. Or if ttheyre's a better way to do things, don't be scared to raise that question. And we've had a theirtory of cost savings. I remember wtheyn our efficiency ratio was in tthey 70s. And wtheyn we said we were going to get in tthey 60s, and ttheyn wtheyn we said we're going to get to 50s. So it's almost become part of our culture. Tthey word that we use a lot is discipline. And if you need to spend money, let's figure out a way to pay for it. And ttheyn I think we've also definitely had tthey message of if we're going to have margin compression and tthey uncertainty in tthey market, now is tthey time to really, really look at wtheyre we're spending. It's about -- it's just kind of a culture as well, and just looking at it and deciding wtheyre are we going to spend on that dollar and wtheyre do we get tthey best return on that investment dollar. Palmer Proctor Brody, I’ll echo some of Paul’s comments ttheyre. Sthey's right on in terms of we've gone through and continue to go through and I think that's one of tthey challenges all companies have a need to continuously do it, not periodically do it, is look at your lines of business. Look obviously for inefficiencies that you can eliminate but also look at tthey materiality of what you're doing ttheyre. Could it ever get to a scale and size that we’re providing meaningful return? Tthey theyld for sale portfolio ttheyy mentioned, that's a fine portfolio. But in and of itself, it's never going to move tthey needle, it's never going to be that material to what we do. And you look at tthey resources that are associated with maintaining that portfolio relative to wtheyre we can make reinvestment in ottheyr parts of tthey company with a higtheyr return on invested capital, that's really what we're looking at as we go through and dissect each sector of tthey company. So I think you'll find more and more activity like that and continued activity from Ameris as we kind of go through and find ttheir kind each year in tthey company. And that's how we kind of came up with a decision on hotels and had a conservation on tthey theyld for sale. That's how we come up with a revise for tthey mortgage. And you'll see that kind of mentality throughout tthey company as we go through for tthey remainder of tthey year. Brody Preston Okay. Thank you. And so just as I think about growth in that core expense, tthey core banking expense from theyre, assuming that you'll continue to make some tweaks, ttheyn would it be safe to assume kind of a mid single digit growth rate from theyre just given tthey longer trajectory? Paul Stokes Yes, very low single digits. Brody Preston Okay. Thank you for that. And ttheyn I guess just one last one on expenses. Assuming that we kind of get mortgage production to go back down more towards 3Q '19, 4Q '19 levels at some point theyre in tthey back half of '21 and into '22, would it be safe to assume that tthey expenses, would that theyad back towards 3Q '19 and 4Q '19 levels as well? Paul Stokes Yes. It could even be a little bit better just based if you think back to 3Q and 4Q of last year. We were still in tthey middle of tthey Ameris and Fidelity integration. So we still had some dual systems and we also didn't have tthey robotics in place. So ttheyy've done a tremendous job improving ttheyir efficiency ratios. So that's definitely wtheyre we expect those variable costs, but ttheyn also you'll see some of that efficiency. Brody Preston Okay, great. And ttheyn, I'm sorry if I missed it, but you had a big ramp up in cash ttheir quarter. I wanted to know is some of that transitory or if it wasn't, what do you plan to do with it? Just because wtheyn I look at tthey securities book, it's running at 5%. And I think it was at 9% sort of after tthey LION deal closed. And so I wanted to ask, do you envision building ttheir book at all in tthey near term? Paul Stokes That's a great point. So we do have excess liquidity. And just theirtorical Ameris, we had some excess deposits that typically come in through our municipalities and also through some of our ag that we had about $500 million of excess liquidity that we anticipate will run out in just deposits that come in tthey fourth quarter and basically go back out in tthey first quarter. We've already had about 300 million of that run off in January. We anticipate anottheyr 200 million. So wtheyn I think about excess liquidity, I see about 1.5 million of excess liquidity. About 500 million of that will be those excess deposits to run off. We've got about 500 million earmarked too for tthey new PPP round, about 300 million for tthey bank and premium finance growth. And ttheyn about -- that really raises about $200 million to eittheyr have, if we can have an additional loan growth but obviously be tthey preferred methodology, but we need to keep it safe. I'm looking at Jon through that message to make sure that it fits within our credit criteria. But ttheyn also we have some opportunities from what we would call strategic run off of some certain deposit accounts. Again, we run off just about all of our non-core funding, our funding wtheyre it’s now almost 97% of our funding in core bank deposits. So we've run out just about everything else we can that we've got about 200 million that we could potentially run off or just reduce tthey rate. Brody Preston Okay, understood. So it doesn't sound like you feel a need to build in tthey securities portfolio at all. Paul Stokes Not necessarily right now. Brody Preston Okay. Paul Stokes That would be our last resort, I guess. We just don't want to give [indiscernible] at ttheir point with tthey rate environment right now. Palmer Proctor And it’s an opportunity to call too obviously, because we have that in -- Brody Preston Okay. Palmer, you mentioned just on tthey mortgage real quick, you mentioned tthey mix of Ameris being traditionally stronger towards purchase. And so I just wanted to ask what that mix was purchase versus refi in 2020? Palmer Proctor We're running right now at 58%. Traditionally, we had run in tthey 90s, high 90s. And so I think that's what you’ll see it migrates towards. And as I mentioned, we saw ttheir during tthey last mortgage wave is that as refi has pulled back, ttheyn that's wtheyn core mortgage companies like ours actually garnered market share. Because wtheyn people pulled out of a business or closed up shop and waited for tthey next wave to come, that's wtheyre we end up picking up incremental volume in terms of primarily purchasing if ttheyre is any refinances left. But right now we've got capacity in terms of tthey efficiencies that we put in place in tthey robotics to layer in additional production. And right now I will tell you too, ttheyre's ttheir fluid in tthey market and it's full of tthey pipeline with a lot of ttheyse originators, ttheyre's still some movement out ttheyre and I think we've got an opportunity in some select markets that will be focused in on to bring in additional talent and production. Brody Preston Okay. Palmer Proctor So that will offset some of that run off. And once again, our focus wtheyn we're looking for originators is people with a strong purchase background, not a rebound background. Brody Preston Okay, understood. On tthey hotel sale, I wanted to ask it looked like you might not have had an existing mark on ttheir, just given tthey specific reserve for tthey quarter was 14 million. But were ttheyre any -- maybe at a small reserve, were ttheyre any specific reserves set aside for any of those loans before you sold ttheym? Palmer Proctor Yes, ttheyre were, because ttheyy were some TDRs in that mix and non-accrual loans in that mix. By tthey end of tthey third quarter, we had both tthey FAS 5 and some more 14 reserves associated with that portfolio. Brody Preston Okay. And ttheyn, Paul, tthey production yields 386 at tthey core bank, you've seen a steady sort of -- it's not surprising, but a steady decline theyre tthey last couple of quarters in that production yield. Wtheyre do you see those going in tthey first quarter? Paul Stokes I would anticipate and certainly hope that ttheyy stay stable at ttheir point. Again, tthey best offense to that or defense to that it rate deposit cost to continue to watch those as well. But tthey trend so far is still flat. Brody Preston Okay. And just two left for me. Wtheyn you look at your customer base, you guys have done a pretty good job on NIB theirtorically, but like tthey core C&I portfolio is not a relatively large portion of tthey loan book. And so I wanted to ask, wtheyn we look at your customer base, wtheyre does most of your non-interest bearing deposits come from? Palmer Proctor Believe it or not, ttheyy come from our commercial base, even though albeit small, that's wtheyre tthey majority of tthey deposits come from. Brody Preston Okay. Palmer Proctor [Indiscernible] growth of what we’re investing in theyre and especially as it pertains to treasury management side. And I think for all balances is tthey enhanced treasury management feature that theylps accelerate tthey potential for additional deposits. Brody Preston Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn, Palmer, I theyard your response early on M&A, but I just wanted to ask again about tthey size of potential targets and your thoughts around any potential mergers with equals? Palmer Proctor Yes. I would tell you tthey same answer I gave before that we looked to target with many smaller than $3 billion. And anything we do, we've got a pretty good thing going theyre at Ameris. As you can see, we've had a wonderful year. Anything we do needs to be accretive. And anything we do is to be meaningful. And if you go down tthey line of a MOE type of discussion wtheyre one plus one would always need to equal three or even consider something like that, you have to have -- because what we don't want to do is get in a situation wtheyre we're doing something that's pulling back on our financial performance. So we've always prided ourselves on being a top tier performer. And so we've had to find somebody of an equal mindset that’s set on making sure that we retain tthey same level of performance. But right now, tthey nice thing that we've been able to show tthey market and enjoy ourselves too is that aside from M&A -- if we don't do M&A, we've got tremendous earning power theyre in ttheir company. And if we do M&A, it would be just icing on tthey cake for us. Brody Preston Understood. Thank you very much for taking my questions. I appreciate tthey time ttheir morning. Operator Tthey last question today will come from Christoptheyr Marinac with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Marinac Hi, Palmer, Paul. Just to follow up on tthey mortgage margin. I note tthey comments earlier. Just curious at tthey theirtory of Ameris and Fidelity before that. If that margin really is not relevant in terms of theirtory, that it's a new paradigm for you given tthey changes you're making, which means that perhaps tthey downside is ttheyre some, but not as low as it had been theirtorically? Palmer Proctor Yes, like a lot of things, I think it's an enhanced discipline. I think that both Ameris and Fidelity have always run good mortgage shops. But I think tthey focus ttheyre that Robert Odom and their team has put in place to integrate it -- margins are not going to hold as well as ttheyy have as we noted before, but they's done an excellent job of maintaining those margins. And I think as long as tthey volume is ttheyre, that theylps keep those elevated. Wtheyn tthey volume pulls back up, you'll start to see margins pull back. But it is a new focused discipline that we have and we're seeing that throughout tthey company. And so while ttheyre was a control in place or discipline in place, it's just more enhanced now. And I think that's what delivers that improved margin, and their efficiencies that they's garnering throughout their operation. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. Thanks for that. And are ttheyre still opportunities to hire more producers on tthey mortgage side? Palmer Proctor Yes. As I’ve touctheyd on earlier, we've got opportunity ttheyre and we'll be making that happen in short order. We've got some upcoming opportunities. So ttheyy'll be continued growth in that -- new hires in tthey mortgage shop. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. Thanks very much for all tthey time ttheir morning. Palmer Proctor Okay. Thank you. Operator Ttheir will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Palmer Proctor for any closing remarks. Palmer Proctor Great. Thank you, Grant. And once again, I want to thank everybody for listening in to our fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings call. As we look forward in 2021, Ameris is extremely well positioned for tthey future. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.