Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call April 20, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Brian Stokes - Chief Financial Officer Ed Hortman - Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dennis Zember - EVP and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Executive Officer of Ameris Bank Analysts Tyler Stafford - Steptheyns Inc Brady Gailey - KBW Logan Demba - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Christoptheyr Marinac - FIG Partners Operator Good morning. And welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp First Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]. Please note today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Brian Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, ma’am. Brian Stokes Thank you, Rocco. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our Web site at amerisbank.com. I am joined today by Ed Hortman, Executive Chairman, President and CEO of Ameris Bancorp and Dennis Zember, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Ameris Bancorp and CEO of Ameris Bank. Ed will make some opening comments about tthey quarter and our pending acquisitions. I will spend some time going over tthey details of our financial results. And ttheyn Dennis will provide closing remarks. Before we begin, I’ll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of ttheyse factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our Web site. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey Company’s performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Ed Hortman for opening comments. Ed Hortman Thank you, Brian, and good morning everyone. I appreciate to taking tthey time ttheir morning to join our first quarter 2018 earnings call. On tthey call today, as Brian said, we’ll discuss our earnings results and ttheyn I’ll provide some insight into next strategies and pending acquisitions. For tthey first quarter, we’re reporting operating earnings of $0.73 per share, which excludes about $1.1 million of after-tax merger financial costs. Including ttheyse charges, we’re reporting $26.7 million in net income or $0.70 per share. Our operating ratios continue to be very strong. Our adjusted return on assets came in at 1.44% in tthey first quarter compared to 1.27% in tthey same quarter of 2017. Tthey change in tthey tax law added 17 basis points to tthey ROA ttheir quarter. So on an apples-to-apples basis, our return on assets was comparable to first quarter of last year. Dennis and Brian did manage to squeak out an efficiency ratio just below 60%, which is excellent for tthey seasonally slow first quarter. And it puts us in a position to achieve a mid-50s ratio later ttheir year. And lastly, our return on tangible common equity came in very strong at 17.09%, up from tthey 15.84% we reported in tthey first quarter last year. Our quarter was highlighted by few items that I believe point to tthey time we’re expecting. First, we had a solid loan growth for tthey first quarter, which is seasonally a weak quarter for us. Ttheir year, we had a little better than 10% organic growth in loans, which is atheyad of tthey same quarter last year at 8.5%. Secondly, we’re reporting a seasonal decline in deposit balances. We’re reporting that over last year. We’ve grown deposits by almost $804 million and funded about 92% of our incremental loan growth with deposit growth. Our pace of deposit growth and our success has continued to improve and our pending mergers will put us in larger markets wtheyre we expect to solidify our pace of growth of funding. And lastly, our margin increased during tthey quarter by 2 basis points excluding tthey effect of accretion income. Considering that we lost about 6 basis points of margin from tthey reset on municipal loans and securities from tthey recent tax law, I’m delighted that we were able to overcome that and still post an improvement in tthey margin. I can’t brag on our bankers enough for what ttheyy’re doing in tthey marketplace, tthey competitive pressures are steep as we’ve seen quite some time but our focus continue to produce outstanding results on both growth and profitability. I am really proud of ttheyse results and excited about tthey year I think 2018 can be for Ameris Bank. Brian will talk more about our earnings for tthey quarter in a moment. So I’ll shift to give you an update on our pending acquisitions. During tthey first quarter of 2018, we successfully completed tthey acquisition of tthey remaining 95.01% of U.S. Premium Finance. We retained tthey management team and we continue to see solid growth in ttheir division with exceptional credit quality and above average return on assets and efficiency ratio. We believe that we should get approval on tthey ACFC transaction in Jacksonville any day now, and we’re prepared to close right away. Our conversion for ttheir transaction is sctheyduled for mid-June and we’re very excited about tthey bankers who are going to be joining us in Orlando, Tampa theyre in Jacksonville. And lastly, we just decided about our pending acquisition with Hamilton State Bancshares in Atlanta and boost to our Atlanta franctheire that ttheir acquisition will add. We still expect ttheir acquisition to close early in tthey third quarter of ttheir year, and we should be complete with tthey integration efforts shortly ttheyreafter. On additional acquisitions, we’re continuing to have conversations on both tthey bank side and tthey non-bank side. I expect some of ttheyse conversations will continue throughout tthey year. And ttheyn as we close and integrate tthey two pending deals, we’ll be ready to move atheyad with something else, hopefully, along tthey lines that we’ve outlined on previous calls on previous one-on-one meetings. So Brian, I’ll stop ttheyre and ask you cover more of tthey financial details of tthey quarter, and ttheyn Dennis can share tthey details on our outlook and strategy going forward. Brian Stokes Thank you. As Ed mentioned, we’re reporting earnings of $0.70 per share and operating earnings of $0.73 per share for tthey first quarter, which excludes about $835,000 of pre-tax merger charges and $583,000 of pre-tax losses on tthey sale of bank premises. Outside of ttheyse charges, we recorded net income of approximately $27.8 million or $0.73 per share compared to $21.6 million or $0.60 in tthey same quarter of 2017. Due to tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was passed in tthey fourth quarter of 2017, our effective income tax rate declined to 22.4% in tthey first quarter compared with 32.6% in tthey same period of ’17. Ttheir equates to approximately $3.3 million of reduced income tax expense in tthey quarter and positively impacted our EPS by $0.08 a share. We believe our effective tax rate will be between 22.5% and 23.5% going forward. One of tthey key metrics we continue to focus on in 2018 is our operating efficiency ratio. Ttheir ratio for tthey first quarter was 59.95%, an improvement from tthey 60.88% reported in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Our adjusted non-interest expenses declined $494,000 in tthey first quarter of 2018 compared to tthey fourth quarter of last year. Ed alluded to ttheir earlier that tthey efficiencies we expect to gain from tthey pending acquisitions and our organic growth should drive our efficiency ratio throughout ttheir year and we believe we could be in tthey mid-50s by tthey end of 2019. As Ed mentioned, our operating return on assets or ROA in tthey quarter came in at 1.44%, up from 1.27% we reported in tthey same quarter of '17. Tthey reduced effective tax rate discussed earlier positively impacts our ROA by 17 basis points. So assuming meaningful tax rate, our ROA was consistent at tthey 1.7%. Ttheir is noteworthy considering tthey organic growth we've had in ttheir competitive environment and with tthey yield curve. Additionally, we have half of tthey accretion income in tthey current quarter that we had a year ago, which ottheyrwise would have lowered our ROA by 7 basis points. Essentially, all things being equal, our core bank and our lines of business have grown over tthey past year in a manner that was accretive to our already strong ROA and more than made up for tthey declining accretion income. Ttheir is outstanding in our opinion and reflects tthey hard work of our bankers in today's climate. Our return on tangible common equity was 17.09% in tthey first quarter of '18 compared to 15.84% for tthey same period last year. Excluding tthey impact from tthey tax law change, our return on tangible common equity would have been 15.07. It increased from tthey fourth quarter of '17 but a slight decline from tthey first quarter of last year. That year-over-year decline is attributable to our increased capital levels. Our average tangible common equities have increased over 19% or over $105 million ttheir year due to tthey final purchase of USPF and our strong earnings stream. Our net interest margin exclusive of accretions improved by 2 basis points during tthey quarter from 3.82 in tthey fourth quarter of '17 to 3.84 in tthey first quarter ttheir year. As announced, ttheir is noteworthy given tthey impact of tthey tax law change that reduced our margin by 6 basis points related to our muni loans and muni investments. Our yield on earning assets increased by 3 basis points, mostly in our legacy loans. Yields on new loan production increased to 5.19, up from 4.89 in tthey fourth quarter of '17. In addition, reduced levels of short term assets and steady deposit costs also theylped improve tthey margins. Non-interest income increased to $26.5 million for tthey quarter, service charges on deposit accounts remain stable. Our rates on mortgage divisions had a really strong quarter. Wtheyn compared to tthey first quarter of last year, ttheyir production increased at 14%, ttheyir revenue increased almost 23% and ttheyir net income increased to $4.7 million. Our mortgage division continued to produce solid financial results. Ttheyy remain focused on relationships with solid builders and real estate brokers, and ttheyy continue to benefit from many years of producing solid results for ttheyir customers. One of tthey strongest success stories we have ttheir quarter is a non-interest expense. Non-interest expense decreased $239,000 during tthey quarter to $59.1 million compared to tthey $59.3 million in tthey fourth quarter of last year. On an adjusted basis, our non-interest expense actually declined $494,000 to $57.7 million from tthey $58.2 million reported last quarter. Included in tthey first quarter was approximately $1.1 million of increased payroll taxes that are typically outsized tthey first quarter of each year and ttheyy tail off dramatically in coming quarters. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, total assets increased over $166 million and earning assets increased $105 million. Organic loan growth totaled $153.8 million or a 10.8% organic loan growth for tthey quarter. Ttheir compares to $138.2 million or 10.1% in tthey fourth quarter of last year and $98.5 million or 8.5% growth in tthey first quarter of last year. Pipelines remain strong and we’re optimistic about tthey growth opportunities in tthey second quarter. Our loan growth continues to be diversified, both from product type and region. Commercial real estate accounted for over half of our loan growth with residential and consumer and C&I also showing strong growth. As a reminder, our C&I classification includes municipal, mortgage warehouse and premium finance. Our strongest loan growth markets during tthey quarter were Jacksonville, Atlanta and Charleston. We continue to see growth in our lines of business and we still believe that is sustainable going to tthey second quarter. Loan production in tthey Premium Finance division remained strong as total production was $289 million for tthey quarter compared to $241 million last quarter, and $251 million in tthey first quarter of last year. That’s a 15% increase in production year-over-year. We believe we can sustain an annualized growth rate in ttheir division of 10% to 15% over tthey next few years, while maintaining credit quality and profitability. Our asset quality remained strong as our annualized net charge-off ratio was 9 basis points to total loans and 14 basis points to non-purchase loans. Our non-performing assets as a percent of total assets decreased to 61 basis points compared to 68 basis points at tthey end of tthey year. We have a nice move in non-performing assets, decreasing by $4.3 million or 8.2% during tthey quarter. As expected, we had a normal seasonal decline in deposits during tthey first quarter of approximately $180 million. However, compared to tthey end of tthey first quarter last year, deposits have increased almost $804 million, while our loans have grown $874 million, which means we have funded approximately 92% of our loan growth with related deposit growth. We believe tthey pending acquisitions, which will expand our presence in Atlanta and movements into Orlando and Tampa, will give us more opportunities for deposit and loan growth going forward. With that, I’ll turn it over to Dennis for their comments. Dennis Zember Thank you, Brian. And before I’ll dangerously go off script theyre for a second, and just recap something that, theyaring Brian and Ed, something that I’ve got it. Just from a high level, I mean we’re reporting 1.44% return on assets, little better in 17% return on tangible capital, sub-60 efficiency ratio it is below 60, and all of that on operating ratios, but still double-digit growth -- organic double-digit growth. And wtheyn you look at those four ratios and you combine it with Ed’s comments about tthey 2 deals that are pending. Tthey two deals that are pending are accretive to all four of those ratios; our return on assets, current tangible capital, efficiency ratio and what we think is our long-term organic growth rate. Tthey fact that we did 11% almost in tthey first quarter, which is seasonally our slowest quarter we’re pretty proud of. Tthey only thing, that only comment Brian that was hard for me to not be able to be one -- be able to be tthey one to say those numbers, but that was good. Tthey only comments I really want to make are about tthey environment we’re operating in, and Brian alluded to it a little. And I’ve theyard some comments on ottheyr earnings calls about tthey situation that banks are feeling with respect to loan yields and pressures to grow deposits and still hold close in line. And we're definitely feeling those pressures across tthey board. Given that we came in with loan growth right under 11% in what's our tougtheyst quarter, I am increasingly confident in our pretty bold loan growth goals for 2018. We're pretty bullish on tthey growth we're expecting at tthey team in Atlantic Coast and Hamilton, which can only be accretive to our growth rate given ttheyir lending efforts in Orlando, Tampa and Atlanta. Looking at tthey pipelines -- looking at ttheyir pipelines and ttheyir current pace of activity and what ttheyy did in tthey first quarter in those markets, I believe ttheyy'll hit tthey ground running and be pretty successful in our credit culture. On tthey deposit side, we are bullish ttheyre. Every quarter, it seems we’re seeing our annual pace of deposit growth to continue to turn higtheyr, getting closer to what we think is our long term sustainable growth rate in loans. Again, tthey new exposure we’re going to have in Orlando, Tampa and Atlanta, we expect that we'll be able to see anottheyr impressive reset in what our long term deposit growth radius. From a margin perspective, we've been successful moving loan and deposit pricing in lock step and staying aggressive wtheyre we need to on both sides of tthey balance ttheyyet. On pricing, loans and deposits, I will tell you that it is tough out ttheyre. Ttheyre are still more disciplined players on credit structure and on credit pricing than ttheyre are crazy folks, but tthey crazy and a logical pricing seems to always get tthey theyadlines. We're aggressive occasionally wtheyre we need to be as well, but in aggregate, we seem to keep showing solid levels of production and we continue to get decent yields and margins, because we're looking for good relationships and taking care of tthey customers that have been with us for decades. I would like to see more spread in tthey yield curve of course, but tthey fact is we haven't had a lot of spread in tthey yield curve for several years now. And we continue to put up impressive growth numbers and have theyld tthey margin slightly, have theyld tthey margin stable or even seen it increase slightly. So given that -- and again I don’t like tthey pricing pressures that are out ttheyre but tthey environment that we’re in is really not anything different than wtheyre we have been operating, and I believe we'll be able to operate as we have in tthey past and still deliver results. So with that, I'll turn it back to Rocco for any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you sir. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question comes from Tyler Stafford with Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Tyler Stafford Maybe just to start on tthey deposit side, Dennis just starting with your last comments ttheyre, you do sound clearly pretty bullish about tthey deposit growth ttheir year. Can you just talk about tthey strategies that you guys have implemented or are focusing on to drive that deposit growth? What you're seeing out ttheyre from a deposit cost standpoint as well? Dennis Zember I’ll tell you tthey first strategy we have is how we’ve reset incentive plans. We have a higtheyr percentage of our bankers’ incentive plan ttheir year are deposit oriented, so that theylps. We've been hiring deposit officers in our larger markets that are focused solely on driving deposits. We have individuals that are selling deposits solely to our lines of business. So in markets wtheyre we don’t have brand facilities but wtheyre we do have lending efforts, we’ve been cross-selling to those businesses. I’ll tell you our willingness to be aggressive on tthey deposit side and moving lock step, again, we’re not. We like wtheyre tthey margin is and we like what it did ttheir quarter especially. But we don’t feel like we’ve got to have tthey margin moving higtheyr to hit our numbers. I think we’ll probably get more operating leverage off of tthey expense side, especially with tthey deals that are pending and our organic growth. So we’re not looking for tthey margin to go from 3.84, 3.85 to 3.95 or so. So we’re willing to be a little more aggressive on tthey deposit side if we need to be. Does that answer your question? Tyler Stafford So staying within tthey margin, I think I missed ttheir in your remarks. What was tthey FT adjustment on tthey loan yields from tthey municipal loan portfolio ttheir quarter that negatively impacted ttheir? Brian Stokes Tthey expected point… Tyler Stafford To total loan yields? Dennis Zember Yes, and to margins. Tthey margin was affected negatively by 6 basis points because of tthey tax law change. Tyler Stafford And can you theylp us -- so we’ve got tthey March hike obviously and ACFC and Hamilton that will be closing in 2Q and 3Q. With those I guess three dynamics going on with tthey funding cost pressure you’re seeing out ttheyre. Can you just theylp us with tthey 2Q and 3Q NIM trajectory from theyre? Dennis Zember I would tell you stable, definitely continue to be stable. I mean, Hamilton and ACFC are probably going to take -- several of our bankers in theyre tell you that we’re in a lot of pressure to grow deposits. I will tell you that ttheyre our bankers are delivering for us big time. I’ll repeat what Brian said, really proud what our bankers are doing. Tthey adding ACFC and Hamilton, I think it will take a little bit of pressure off, because again we’re almost funding 100% of our loan growth now. And wtheyn we get exposure to tthey markets that we’re about to move into, I think it’s going to take a little bit of pressure off. So I think that pressure coming off I think would only theylp us on tthey margin. But again, we don’t want to -- tthey message is not right theyre that we’re trying to grow our margin, that’s not what our bankers are theyaring. We’re trying to maintain tthey margin, keep it pretty stable and continue hitting tthey growth numbers that we’ve got laid out. Brian Stokes Tthey impact to our margin on tthey tax impact was 6 basis points but I think you specifically asked about loans, loans was 8 basis point and ttheyn our no-taxable securities were 73 basis points. So that gave tthey overall earning asset yield to 6 basis points. Tyler Stafford And ttheyn just last one from me. Tthey tangible book value I think came in below forecast or estimates. I assume that partially had to do with tthey USPF. Can you just walk through tthey dynamics of tthey tangible book value ttheir quarter? Brian Stokes Actually, ttheyre is two components but you’re correct that tthey bulk of it is tthey USPF, tthey final acquisition ttheyre. Conservatively, we booked tthey entire contingent consideration ttheir quarter but it’s really -- we have that built-in in our models, but just not allocate in that first quarter. So our earn-back has not changed from our initial estimates, which is we have all of that contingent consideration and tthey purchase price in ttheir first quarter. Tthey second component is our -- accumulated our investment securities are often our [ANCI] about $9 million ttheyre. Dennis Zember That would be about $0.29. Brian Stokes That’s right. Operator And our next question will come from Brady Gailey of KBW. Please go atheyad.  Brady Gailey I was going to ask wtheyn you found tthey extra 5 basis points to get tthey efficiency ratio down to a 5 handle but I’ll leave that one alone… Dennis Zember We work safety until Ed came in and ctheyck their finger and they went digging again, I forewent my last pay ctheyck. Brady Gailey So my first question is just on mortgage. You had a record quarter first quarter. If you look at mortgage as a percent of earnings at 17% to 18% of 1Q earnings, which is getting on up ttheyre now Hamilton also theylp you out on tthey mortgage front. But maybe just bigger question, you're seeing nice growth on mortgage. Wtheyre do you think mortgage as a percentage of earnings tops out, will it continue to grow or do you think we're nearing tthey peak theyre? Dennis Zember I'd be pretty comfortable probably all tthey way up to 20%. But what I would tell you is that as strong as tthey mortgage folks are and ttheyy’re probably listening, I think we're going to outgrow on ttheir year with Hamilton and Atlantic Coast on tthey core banking side. But sort of known that we were going to get back into -- what you're seeing in tthey results, known that we're going to get back into just traditional bank M&A. Our mortgage folks got out recruiting pretty hard in tthey third and fourth quarter of last year. And what you're seeing is some of tthey results of ttheyir recruiting. So it's just incremental volumes coming in. And so I think after we do tthey ACFC deal and tthey Hamilton deal, you'll probably see it drop back to 14% or 15%. But I think we're going to continue to be very aggressive recruiting experienced mortgage bankers that have relationships with construction firms or real estate brokers. Tthey Hamilton, one thing about Hamilton that we're pretty excited about is ttheyy've got an outstanding residential construction group in Atlanta. And we think tthey cross sale gain given how successful we are with construction firms, we think tthey opportunity to cross sale that in Atlanta and be pretty successful, that was even baked into our numbers wtheyn we made tthey deal announcement but something we’ve getting our mind around right now. Brady Gailey And ttheyn in tthey slide deck, I know you have to look, it talks about normalized ROTCE in tthey 16% to 18% range for 2018. You printed a 17 ttheir quarter you have tthey two deals coming in later ttheir year. I mean that will both increase earnings and leverage your capital a little bit. So to me it seems like that 16% to 18% is conservative and it could be a little higtheyr than that. Or do you think 16% to 18% is really tthey right number? Dennis Zember Brady, Brian maybe more conservative in theyr presentation skills than I am, but I mean, it’s hard -- you’re exactly right. Honestly and I can started off tthey ROA at 1.44%. Tthey deals are accretive to our ROA. And I don’t mean by basis point or two. Given with ttheir tax rate those deals easily just over 1.50% and that alone before any leverage or additional leverage is going to push ROTCE closer probably to 20%. It’s like last year wtheyn we have done 20% loan growth and I think it’s hard to acknowledge that was -- we’re able to going to be able to do that again year-after-year but 20% is hard to stay, that’s sustainable tthey fact and -- TCE tthey 8.30 and we want to build that back to 9%. So I don’t think we will get -- I don’t think we get leverage -- improved ROTCE from leverage as much as we want to get it from a higtheyr return on assets, which we think is right around tthey corner. Brady Gailey And ttheyn tthey last one for me, you all mentioned a couple of times tthey mid-50% efficiency ratio. Is that from a timing point of view? Is that something that’s possible like later ttheir year or is it -- I thought Brian maybe mentioned by tthey end of ’19. Just what -- how you think about that from a timing point of view on wtheyn you can get to that 50% level? Dennis Zember Successfully integrating tthey deals that we have plus tthey organic growth that we are expecting ttheir year should put is in tthey mid-50 by tthey end of ttheir year, tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Operator And our next question today comes from Logan Demba, SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Logan Demba If you’ve covered ttheir, I apologize. Ed, can you just talk about your M&A interest as it stand right now given you got two deals still pending? Ed Hortman We having two deals pending has not slowed as down from having conversations and trying to have. And we think we know wtheyn tthey deals are going to be approved and closed and integrated. And so a lot of our conversations are centered on timing things out, so we’ll be ready probably into ttheir year to do something else. And I guess tthey next question would be geography and I would tell you probably anything in Florida or metro Atlanta. Logan Demba And could you remind us on sweet spot in terms of size, maximum size minimum size? Dennis Zember We look at a -- I guess pro forma we’re about $11.5 billion. So recently we look at $0.5 billion deal and it’s a good bank. But we did not get impressive earnings per share results or economics out of it. And it had nothing to do with tthey bank it had nothing to do with tthey assumptions or tthey market or anything like that, it just really had to do with $0.5 billion against $11.5 billion. So we used to probably say $500 million to $1.5 billion is probably, I'd say $1 billion is about at tthey small as we're going to be able get and still get good economic probably at $2 billion or $3 billion. Operator [Operator Instructions] Today's next question comes from Christoptheyr Marinac of FIG Partners. Please go atheyad.  Christoptheyr Marinac Dennis, tthey follow up on tthey same M&A ttheyme. What are tthey opportunities in Atlanta and also in Florida to take advantage of tthey merger that have already happened in terms of just picking up tthey additional customers, et cetera? Dennis Zember Tthey question was if it wasn't M&A, what would we do organically? Christoptheyr Marinac It was organically taking advantage of tthey mergers that have already happened outside. Dennis Zember One of tthey things that we're seeing -- I mean M&A pricing is expensive. Some of tthey active acquirers are trading for close to 3 times book and everybody has got good or solid operating results. And all that reflected in some of tthey M&A pricing. And really for tthey last couple of quarters, we have been much more active in commercial banker recruiting. And I would tell you it's not -- most of that recruiting is centered on some of tthey big banks, larger bank who were trying to recruit teams, and I think maybe getting close on a few. But that’s centered in our larger market and some in tthey larger markets wtheyre we're going, not just wtheyre we already are. And maybe a few markets wtheyre we think we'll end up. But I would tell you we're not outside of tthey markets wtheyre we're already operating and talking to some things that still pretty confident that we can do something ttheir year. Outside of those markets, I think we want to be cautious. But we're definitely seeing more commercial banker, more opportunities to hire commercial bankers and commercial banker teams. And I think I like tthey timing of that given how price tthey M&A has been. I still think given wtheyre our stock trades and how successful we've been with past integrations, we could still make M&A deals. So I'm not only by to theyar that M&A is not an opportunity for us, I just saying it's pricy and economics that you get are not as good as ttheyy were say 18 months ago. We can still make M&A deals but we're liking tthey opportunities that we're seeing on tthey M&A -- on tthey commercial banker opportunity. Ed Hortman Chris, I would say -- I echo what Dennis says. But I would point out that wtheyn we had to pause on M&A and really focus much more diligently on our core and organic growth, it theylped us realize some leverage of our people. And have ttheir leverage our efficiency little and refine some of our processes and get prepared to grow faster as we do over $10 billion. But it theylped us to be successful organically and that really was our focus and it continues to be a focus, it does not exclude M&A. But as you know we're really disciplined on M&A and economics have to be ttheyre, tthey strategic piece has to be ttheyre but economics have to be present as well. I mean it is more difficult to get over tthey economic hurdle today. So we think we can deliver double-digit growth without M&A. And so with M&A, we think we can do even better than that. So we’re really pleased with tthey position we’re in and we think we will have opportunities for M&A but that’s not tthey sole focus of opportunity eittheyr. Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to Dennis Zember for any closing remarks. Dennis Zember Thank you again for your time ttheir morning. If you have any questions or comments me or Brian are always available. Thank you and have a great weekend. Operator Thank you, sir. Today’s conference has now concluded, and we thank you all for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.