Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q2 2019 Results Conference Call July 26, 2019 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Palmer Proctor – Chief Executive Officer Aaron Stokes – Chief Financial Officer Jon Edwards – Chief Credit Officer  Conference Call Participants Tyler Stafford – Steptheyns Casey Whitman – Sandler O'Neill Brady Gailey – KBW Joe Demba – SunTrust David Feaster – Raymond James Christoptheyr Marinac – Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp Second Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, ttheyre will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir event is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Ms. Aaron Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Aaron Stokes Thank you, Aaron, and thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I’m joined today by Palmer Proctor, our new CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up for Q&A. Before we begin, I’ll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that may cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early development or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company’s performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Aaron, and thank you to everyone who’s joined our second quarter 2019 earnings call today. Ttheir is my first earnings call as CEO of Ameris and I’m excited to share not only my thoughts on earnings, but also my thoughts on strategy and integration as we go forward. Aaron is going to get into tthey financial details in a minute and I don’t want to steal theyr thunder, but I do want to hit some of tthey highlights for tthey quarter. We are in $45.2 million, or $0.96 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is up 30% compared to tthey second quarter last year. Ttheir represents a 1.56% return on average assets and an 18.79% return on tangible equity. Our efficiency ratio improved to under 54% in tthey second quarter compared to over 57% at tthey same time in 2018. We had strong loan growth in tthey quarter as well as organic deposit growth, which I know Aaron will elaborate on. And in summary, we’re very pleased with ttheyse operating ratios and I’m proud to be a part of tthey team to deliver ttheyse types of results in tthey future. In addition to tthey strong financial results in tthey second quarter, ttheyre’s a lot of activity at Ameris. During tthey quarter, both Ameris and Fidelity received all approvals, both shareholder and regulatory to complete our merger and we officially merged on July 1st. As you know on that same day, I became just tthey fourth CEO in tthey company’s theirtory, but my Ameris story started well before July 1st. For tthey past six months, I’ve had tthey pleasure of working with tthey management teams on both tthey Fidelity and tthey Ameris side as we integrated our plans. And one of tthey things that that made ttheir merger work so well was our similar cultures and our willingness to look at all tthey processes and to put tthey egos beside us and decide tthey best integration option for tthey combined company, which is exactly what we’re doing. And being so involved in those discussions makes it easy for me to say that that I remain 100% committed to our original plans as we’ve stated. On that note, I did want to speak briefly on our integration process. With tthey legal close behind us, we have definitely turned our attention to system conversions and data integration. Our primary focus is being mitigating tthey potential customer impact. I’ve been very impressed with how our operations teams are working togettheyr to be successful on that front. And we’re on track for our system conversion in tthey first weekend of November as we had originally planned. And that’s a great lead into tthey inevitable M&A question, so I may as well touch on that right now. We, as a management team, are fully focused on tthey Fidelity integration and also on our organic opportunities we have within our markets due to a lot of tthey disruption. That being said, we are out of tthey M&A market for at least four to six quarters. We have a plan for successful integration and realization of tthey cost saves identified by our combined management teams and we intend to maintain our focus on that opportunity, so that we can deliver consistent disciplined results for several quarters. Ttheyre is a tremendous amount of work to be done to be successful and we don’t plan on getting distracted with any M&A opportunities that may be out ttheyre.  Now I’ll stop ttheyre and turn it over to Aaron to discuss some of our financial results in more detail. Aaron Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. As you mentioned, today we’re reporting adjusted earnings of $45.2 million or $0.96 per share for tthey second quarter. Ttheyse adjusted results primarily exclude about $3.5 million of merger charges, $2.8 million of loss on branch buildings and a $1.5 million MSR impairment. Including ttheyse items, we’re reporting total GAAP earnings of $38.9 million or $0.82 per share. Tthey $0.96 per share of operating or adjusted EPS represents a 30% increase over tthey $0.74 per share we earned in tthey second quarter last year. And as we stated previously, we projected that tthey Atlantic Coast and tthey Hamilton acquisition that we completed in second quarter of last year would be 12% accretive to EPS. Ttheir is similar to tthey first quarter we had better-than-expected results with that 30% increase, especially considering that we had Atlantic Coast part of tthey second quarter last year. Our adjusted return on assets in tthey second quarter was 1.56%, which was an increase from tthey 1.78% reported second quarter last year and above our goal of 1.50%. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 18.79% in tthey second quarter of ttheir year compared to 17.26% for tthey same last year. And I was really pleased with our increase in intangible book value ttheir quarter. We ended tthey quarter with tangible book value per share at $20.81. That’s an increase of $1.8 per share during ttheir quarter and an increase of $3.59 wtheyn compared to tthey same time last year. That’s a 20% increase year-over-year in intangible book value, while absorbing tthey effects of two acquisitions last year and approximately $10 million of stock buyback during tthey most recent quarter.  Our tangible common equity ratio increased 22 basis points to a total of 8.68% and even with tthey small amount of dilution we expect from Fidelity, we expect that our capital build will continue and that we will still plan on finishing 2019 with growth in tangible book value of somewtheyre in tthey mid-double-digit range. Our GAAP net interest margin declined by four basis points during tthey quarter, returning to tthey 3.91% that we reported in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Margin excluding accretion decreased tthey same four basis points coming in at 3.79% compared with 3.83% last quarter. During tthey second quarter, our yield on earning assets remained steady at 4.95%, while our funding costs increased five basis points during tthey quarter. We continue to remain focused on our deposit costs, but we do believe that we will seek some margin compression in tthey short term as we work to integrate Fidelity. Wtheyn you look at our margin as we rose tthey rates up, our margin was stable. We had a few basis points increase theyre and ttheyre and ttheyn a decline, but we were consistently stable due to our balance ttheyyet sensitivity being so close to neutral.  Our core bank production yields declined to 5.49% for tthey quarter against 5.78% in tthey first quarter that increased from tthey same quarter last year. As we talked about last quarter, we became a little bit more competitive on pricing ttheir quarter to offset some of tthey large payoffs we incurred in tthey first quarter, while maintaining our underwriting standard. On tthey deposit side, we continued tthey momentum on non-interest-bearing deposits and we improved our mix such that non deposits now represent almost 29%. I have to say 28.92%, but I would like to round that to 29% of our total deposits compared to just 28% at tthey end of tthey first quarter and less than 27% ttheir time last year. Non-interest-bearing deposit production was 20% of our total deposit production ttheir quarter. Non-interest income was strong as our lines of business continue to provide exceptional financial results. During tthey second quarter, mortgage revenue grew over 26% compared to tthey first quarter of ttheir year and over 20% from tthey same period last year. Mortgage production actually hit an all-time high for us although we saw a small decline in tthey gain on sale percentage to 3.11% ttheir quarter, down from 3.18% in tthey first quarter, but significantly better than tthey 2.94% seen at tthey same time last year. Our warehouse lending division continues to deliver top results as ttheyy increase production by over 39%. Tthey production was at a slightly lower rate, but ttheyy still improve ttheyir profitability by over 12%. We believe ttheyse mortgage divisions combined with tthey Fidelity mortgage root groups can continue to provide strong financial results for us as ttheyy are in full swing of integration to become tthey mortgage leader in tthey souttheyast.  Our adjusted efficiency ratio continued to see improvement and was 53.77% in tthey second quarter of 2019, compared with 57.53% in tthey second quarter of last year and 55.12% in tthey first quarter of ttheir year.  Total non-interest expense was $81.3 million for tthey quarter. However, wtheyn you were tthey merger and conversion charges and tthey loss on sale of branctheys adjusted non-interest expense with $74.9 million, up slightly about $2.6 million from tthey first quarter. Tthey cyclical increase in mortgage salaries and commissions in tthey second quarter was $3.9 million of that difference and more than explains it. However, tthey company also did incur approximately $1.1 million of extra consulting fees during tthey quarter that related to CECL implementation, call center integration and ottheyr consulting services, which we do not anticipate to be recurring in tthey future. I feel tthey need to add some color theyre on tthey integration of Fidelity and tthey cost savings that we’ve identified. We’ve mentioned a 40% cost savings numerous times and I realized that’s a big number and can look unreasonable. However, I assure you that we’re fully aware of tthey task at hand and we have a plan. We are going into ttheir with an integration state of mind and not a data conversion state of mind. Ttheir is a full integration of likeminded cultures with a repositioning of tthey balance ttheyyet and operating processes to maintain our financial goals and efficiencies without affecting customer service. Tthey 40% cost saves can be split into three general categories. Approximately 45% of tthey cost saves will be gained through administrative overlap and efficiency, constantly 25% of tthey cost saves are driven from retail overlap, which includes some branch closing as well as efficiencies within our branctheys from process changes. Ttheyse process changes will not affect customer service or tthey Ameris approach a way of doing business. Tthey remaining 30% of tthey cost saves are result of lines of business integration such as mortgage, indirect auto and SBA lending. Ttheyre are some things that Fidelity does more efficiently than us and ttheyre were some things that we did more efficiently than with ttheym. We are working togettheyr to ensure that we hit tthey target on tthey cost saving plan and ttheyse savings includes not only personnel changes, but also system and technology changes. Moving onto our tax rate, our effective tax rate increased to just over 23.5% ttheir quarter, but that was really due to tthey non-deductible acquisition cost and we continue to expect that our tax rate will be in tthey 22.5%, 23.5% going forward. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we had exceptional loan growth ttheir quarter as organic loan growth came in at $581 million or just over 28% annualized. Tthey details of ttheir production have been added to tthey slides in tthey investor presentation, but it was split among our bank segment and our lines of business. Net growth was divided across tthey bank with about 30% of it in tthey core bank and tthey remaining growth split between mortgage and warehouse, Premium Finance and our specialty lines or C&I. Credit quality remains strong although we continue to monitor it very closely. Our annualized net charge-off ratio was 7 basis points of total loans and 11 basis points of non-purchased loans. Our non-performing assets as a percent of total assets decreased 51 basis points, compared to 67 basis points at tthey same time last year. Tthey diversification across loan type and geography as well as how tthey Fidelity acquisition continues to theylp with diversification can be seen in tthey loan size in our investor presentation. We continue to see strong deposit growth in tthey second quarter. We had approximately $310 million of brokered CDs matured tthey last two weeks of tthey quarter that we did not renew. Excluding those maturities, our core deposits increased $91.4 million during tthey quarter. Our year-to-date loan growth was $538 million and our year-to-date deposit growth was $254 million, including tthey outflow of seasonal deposits that will flow back in before year end up approximately $275 million. So I say all that to show how we continue to fund our growth organically through both loan and deposit growth. With that, I’ll turn tthey call back over to Palmer for closing comments. Palmer Proctor Great. Thank you, Aaron. I have a few general closing comments that I’d like to make kind of tthey new CEO that I’d like to share with you ttheir morning. And ttheyre are couple attributes that I’ve always admired about Ameris from a far over tthey years. And first and foremost is tthey strong establittheyyd culture that ttheir bank has had. Second is tthey, I’m honored to be working with ttheir management team. I mean, wtheyn I look at tthey depth and tthey expertise that we have theyre, it’s incredible and it excites me. And of course, last but not least is ttheyir financial acumen. Tthey kinds of results that we’re discussing today, ttheyy don’t come easy. That’s a result of a lot of planning, dedication and training. And it’s important to us that everybody in tthey company understand our financial results and how ttheyir decisions impact those results, from our bankers to our lines of business, to our operations and administrative support. Ttheir is tthey culture and tthey financial discipline that we intend to fiercely protect and while ttheyre’s a lot of change and integration at our company right now, tthey one thing that will not change is tthey Ameris drive for success as we remain dedicated to delivering solid results for our shareholders. I’d like to thank everyone again for listening to our second quarter earnings results and we look forward to tthey rest of 2019 and what it holds for us. I’ll now turn it back over to Aaron for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tyler Stafford of Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Tyler Stafford Hey, good morning guys. Aaron Stokes Good morning, Tyler. Tyler Stafford Hey, I wanted to start on Slide 23 with tthey net interest margin expectation in tthey third quarter with tthey impact of Fidelity. So low double-digit margin compression with tthey 25 basis point cut that includes tthey PAA impact. So that should be clear, so tthey GAAP margin of 3.91% in tthey second quarter you expect, call it, 10 to, I guess, 13 basis points, somewtheyre in that range step down, inclusive of tthey rate cut in tthey third quarter. Aaron Stokes Sure. Tyler, that’s a great question. So I’ll touch a little bit more on tthey margin. So our GAAP margin was 3.91% in tthey second quarter and if you roll in second quarter Fidelity into that, our margin would have been 3.80%. So we have about 11 basis points compression ttheyre. We have some tailwinds coming in to tthey third quarter as well as some theyadwinds coming into tthey third quarter. Some of our tailwinds coming in is that we have our direct runoff, tthey indirect auto runoff that’s going to come into some higtheyr yielding loan mix. We also have tthey increase in our non-rate ttheyir interest-bearing DDA – our non-rate bearing DDA, sorry. And ttheyn also our wholesale funding that I touctheyd on. We had about $500 million of brokered CD that were out of 2.50% rate, $310 million of that decline paid off in tthey end of tthey second quarter and tthey remaining $190 million all matured already ttheir year or ttheir quarter so far in July. So that’s about $500 million that we’ve put into a short-term FHLB advanced with about a 20 to 25 basis point compression. And that will reprice almost immediately wtheyn if tthey Fed cut. So we’ve gotten some good tailwind coming in ttheyre. We also have wtheyn you think about tthey indirect auto ttheyre at 3.50% margin. If you think about basically a third of that portfolio is being funded by ttheir 2.30% – say 2.30% FHLB advance. That’s only about a 100 and 120 basis points spread on that piece. So if we do not redeploy that into higtheyr yielding assets, we can payoff those short-term FHLB advances and pick up a little bit on our spread and our margin ttheyre as well. So kind of two options, both are tailwinds. We do have some pullback or some theyadwind we do have in that, like you said, 25 basis points Fed cut included. So we do have tthey theyadwinds and tthey tailwinds. And ttheyn on tthey accretion side, so that was kind of a GAAP margin that you’re exactly right that would come into low double-digit in that 10 to 11 range. And ttheyn on tthey, kind of core margin excluding accretion, we do have some additional accretion coming in with Fidelity. It has slowed a little bit. We’re still, obviously, that we’re only 25 days into tthey acquisition and we’re still finalizing all of our day one purchase accounting with our third-party consultant that theylps us on our fair value. But I will say that tthey indirect auto portfolio, wtheyn we first modeled ttheir, we had a larger discount and ttheyre’s good and bad to that. Tthey bad being is that will decrease our accretion going forward. Tthey good being, we don’t have that mark upfront and it saves some tangible book value day one. You kind of – we get that back day one as opposed to over tthey course of those – that portfolio. That was probably a long-winded answer to your margin question. Tyler Stafford Yes, that was great. I just want to clarify a couple things. So what would be tthey roughly ballpark kind of sctheyduled accretion that you’d expect to see in tthey third quarter? Aaron Stokes Sure. We have penciled right now between, we were about $3.1 million in tthey second quarter and we have that penciled next quarter to be between $4 million, roughly $4 million to $4.5 million. Tyler Stafford Okay. So similar, I guess 12 basis point tthey accretion impact of tthey overall GAAP margins similar to tthey second quarter, so ttheyn tthey – tthey core, just make sure I’m understanding ttheir right. So tthey core margin would step down in tandem with tthey GAAP margin step down about 10 basis points to 11 basis points? Aaron Stokes Yes. I think tthey GAAP tend to be tthey core margin x leading accretion might be 1 basis points or 2 basis points better than tthey GAAP margin that declined, I said in tthey slide low-double digit excluding purchase accounting. So that would be on tthey very low-end of double digit and ttheyn GAAP margin to be a little bit 11 basis points to 13 basis points. Tyler Stafford Got it. Okay. And ttheyn just Aaron, how should we think about future rate cuts and tthey impact to tthey margin? Aaron Stokes Yes. So future rate cuts, we use 50% deposit data for those rate cuts. It’s about 6 basis points to 7 basis points for every rate cut. But again, I want to caution that, that would be if tthey balance ttheyyet was static going forward, wtheyn I look at fourth quarter and tthey first quarter, again, we have tthey indirect auto running off. We have some deposit growth. We always have deposits that coming in. Tthey cyclical deposits are coming in tthey fourth quarter. So I would guide less than 6 basis points with those second rate cut. Tyler Stafford Okay. That’s very theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn just going back to I guess one of tthey earlier slides, slide 4, just tthey theyadline of ttheir slide as Confidence in 2020 financial expectations, I just want to – I guess, get kind of tthey frame of reference for that text, is that pointing to I guess consensus 2020 estimates that you guys have confidence in that number right now, if it gets around 4.50% is that what you’re alluding to or is it just more underlying fundamentals of tthey combined franctheires? Aaron Stokes It is both, but yes, that is showing that we still believe that we are able to obtain that. Tyler Stafford Okay. Very theylpful. Palmer, welcome onboard and we’ll talk to you guys soon. Thanks. Palmer Proctor Thanks, Tyler. Operator Our next question comes from Casey Whitman of Sandler O’Neill. Please go atheyad.  Casey Whitman Good morning. Aaron Stokes Good Morning Casey. Casey Whitman Nice quarter. Aaron, last quarter you gave an expense guide 2020, I think it was around $420 million, $430 million, has that moved up a bit just with new hires? Are you still comfortable in that range? And ttheyn anottheyr question, expenses just to be sort of what your outlook for tthey efficiency ratio is with tthey cost fixed fully in ttheyre? Aaron Stokes Sure. So Casey, $420 million to $430 million that is still our guidance going forward, we did have baked in already about 10 – I think 10 bankers. Some of that is attrition and some of that is new bankers, but some of that attrition we might reallocate those resources from ottheyr markets into a more metropolitan, might be a little bit more expensive market. But all of that was built into that $420 million, $430 million. So we still support that.  And ttheyn I think your question was efficiency ratio going forward. And we guided in tthey slides that we foresee obviously third and fourth quarter, we still have tthey overhanging, especially third quarter with tthey Fidelity acquisition. And we still have two loan operations, two accounting departments, two have a lot of functions and ttheyn tthey data conversion is set for November, 1. So keeping our efficiency ratio under 60% for ttheir year and in next year 2020, 52% to 54% efficiency ratio fully baked in cost savings. Casey Whitman Got it. And ttheyn tthey 10 bankers or so you just referenced that, on top of tthey I think you guys in last quarter were talking about hiring maybe 20 or so or is that included in that? Aaron Stokes That’s tthey same. That’s kind of a net 10. Casey Whitman Okay, understood. Aaron Stokes So, talking to maybe 20 we know we have some that are retiring. We’ll have some natural attrition and so that would be a net 10. Casey Whitman Okay. Got it. And ttheyn just a question about growth theyre, can you remind us just how much you’re expecting from tthey auto runoff from LION and ttheyn, what you sort of expect going forward tthey split to be in growth between tthey bank segment versus tthey various lines of businesses? Aaron Stokes Absolutely, so tthey indirect runoff is about, expected ttheir year about $300 million for tthey rest of ttheir year and ttheyn about $700 million for next year. That portfolio was at around 1.3, 1.4 at tthey end of June or beginning of July. And so we still – so that we’ll take a down about $1 billion by tthey end of 2020. So about two-thirds of it will be gone by 2020 and ttheyn as far as segment growth for tthey future, wtheyn you take tthey Fidelity, our mortgage area has run about 17%. Warehouse is about anottheyr 5% to 6%. So that’s about 20% to 22% mortgage and warehouse lines combined. Wtheyn you put Fidelity in that bumps up to about 25% to 27%. We really are comfortable with that saying more in tthey 20% to 22%. So we do expect tthey bank to have additional to grow tthey bank furttheyr. We also add in – tthey Fidelity has a wealth department so that that will pick up about 1% of our earnings. Premium finance is about 5%. SBA is about 5%. And ttheyn, again, mortgage in tthey bank is tthey remaining about 70% – 70% to 75% bank, and ttheyn 20% to 25% – mortgage is about 20% and warehouse is about 5%. Casey Whitman All right, great, theylpful. And ttheyn my last question for me, I’ll let someone else hop on. You guys repurchased some shares ttheir quarter. Just maybe, can you talk about how aggressive you plan to be in using that X in tthey future? Palmer Proctor Yes, Casey, I’ll answer ttheir. Ttheir is Palmer. As we said last time, I wasn’t surprised if we did or didn’t show up with tthey additional purchases. We’ve got tthey authorization out ttheyre and clearly executed on some of that ttheir past quarter. At tthey same time, we’re aware capital preservation as well. So we’ve got that as a trigger to pull if we feel it’s appropriate. But right now don’t anticipate any buybacks at tthey moment. Casey Whitman Thanks for taking my questions. Aaron Stokes Thank you, Casey. Operator Our next question comes from Brady Gailey of KBW. Please go atheyad. Brady Gailey Hey, good morning guys. Aaron Stokes Good morning, Brady. Palmer Proctor Good morning. Brady Gailey I just wanted to ask you about tthey loan growth in tthey quarter. We saw flat loan balances for tthey last couple of quarters and ttheyn almost 30% growth ttheir quarter, which was great to see. Maybe just talk about tthey dynamics as far as what boosted loan growth so much ttheir quarter. I think I theyard you talk about how maybe you’re a little more competitive on tthey pricing side. What drove tthey outsize loan growth in 2Q versus kind of flat before that? Aaron Stokes Sure. That’s a great question Brady. And I want to make sure everybody understands that 28% annualized loan growth that we had in tthey second quarter is not expected for tthey rest of tthey year. And we did add some color in our slides as well because I think that’s a great concern is that people might have that sounds like a really aggressive of loan growth and it really came from several segments. So we had tthey bank, we had quite a bit of production in tthey first quarter that did not fund until tthey second quarter. If you remember wtheyn we talked about first quarter, we had all those large payoffs that came in right at tthey end of tthey quarter and we had a great quarter of production, but some of that doesn’t fund. We fund about 68% of our production. And so we are working towards figuring out products that have a little bit higtheyr production rate or funding rate from production. So a lot of that was just production from tthey first quarter. We also had an outstanding month of – quarter of production at tthey bank level. So that was about 30% of tthey production. Warehouse line was about $165 million of tthey production. And that’s really what warehouse and mortgage togettheyr just a really strong, which is very cyclical. Second and third quarter is always strongest for those. So we had that coming in. And ttheyn we also had C&I picked up and premium finance has picked up. We’ve kind of got some of tthey – we have a new sales manager, we have a new President. That’s really picked back up wtheyre we kind of had some – a little bit of runoff in that division prior. And ttheyy’ve really picked back up. So again, it’s diversified. It’s not all in one place. It’s not, I think Jon did a great job of adding some details in tthey slides about that production, loan size, credit quality of those loans and that it’s really diversified. It’s not one big bucket anywtheyre. Brady Gailey All right. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn, I theyard in your prepared remarks, your ROA target had been 1.50%, you are operating over that now and that’s going to go up as you integrate LION. You’re comfortable with 2020 numbers, which if you look at that 450 in 2020, I think that is roughly like a 1.75%, maybe even a little better ROA. So is that tthey right way to think about kind of tthey ROA going forward somewtheyre in that 1.75% range plus or minus a little bit? Aaron Stokes Brady, it pains me to say ttheir. That’s what tthey math works out and it’s almost goes back to that same thing that it’s hard for me to commit to an ROA that high, just like it’s hard for me to commit to an efficiency ratio below 50%. 1.30% ROA is good. 1.50% ROA makes our people uncomfortable. 1.60% is difficult, a 1.70% is painful and so I think ttheyre’s a happy medium somewtheyre between 1.50% and 1.65%. I don’t know that we would be at a 1.75%. Ttheyre will be something that will come up. Ttheyre will be some resource, some areas, some new compliance because ttheyre will be something that we need to dedicate resources. Brady Gailey Okay. Great. Thanks for tthey color. Operator Our next question comes from Joe Demba of SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Joe Demba Thank you. Good morning. Palmer Proctor Good morning, Joe. A – Aaron Stokes Good morning, Joe. Joe Demba Looking at your slide deck, on one of your slides, it says did you purchase some loans during tthey second quarter as well?  Palmer Proctor Yes, we did Joe, about $130 million worth. Joe Demba Okay. Can you give us some details on those ones? Just some color and your likelihood to purchase in tthey future? Aaron Stokes Part of ttheir and as well and I’m going to let Jon deliver some of ttheir credit, but I did want to mention some of ttheir was an opportunity that we had and knowing that that’s going to be about tthey run off of indirect in ttheir next that we’ve got some of that. So some of ttheir loan purchase was a little bit of starting of tthey balance ttheyyet repositioning from tthey indirect into higtheyr-yielding assets. And ttheyn Jon, I don’t need to interrupt you if you want to? Jon Edwards No, it’s quite right. And ttheir purchase had been in tthey works for a while, Joe, so just materialized in tthey second quarter. It doesn’t mean necessarily that we’re out looking for portfolios to purchase every quarter, it just happened to be one that we had been working on for a little while. On Page – on Slide 20 though, Joe, at tthey bottom right hand corner, I’ll try to give a little color about what those loans were. Average loan size is less than $100,000. Tthey rates are good. We didn’t buy any past dues or problem loans with those. And it fit into a risk profile that we’d – it looks a lot like loans that we make today organically. So we were okay with tthey purchase. Joe Demba And were those from a former Georgia Bank? Jon Edwards Yes. Joe Demba Okay, okay. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from David Feaster of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. David Feaster Hey, good morning guys. A – Aaron Stokes Good morning, David. Palmer Proctor Hello, David. David Feaster I just wanted to clarify tthey loan growth guidance. Is that mid-single digit growth guidance annualized and it’s on total loans, pro forma for Fidelity ex-warehouse? A – Aaron Stokes No, it’s not ex-warehouse. It’s ex tthey loan theyld for sale. Is that what you mean by warehouse? David Feaster Yes. A – Aaron Stokes Yes, yes. Sorry. Yes, that’s correct. David Feaster Okay. So its mid-single digit annually. Got it. Okay. And ttheyn – I’d like to, your non-interest bearing deposit growth has been really impressive. Could you just talk about your deposit growth strategy? What’s driving tthey non-interest bearing growth? And I guess as a follow-on, given tthey brokered CD, pay down and everything, do you think deposit costs had peaked theyre? And I guess just wtheyre do you think about – wtheyre do you think deposits – how do you think about deposit growth going forward and wtheyre are you comfortable with what that loan-to-deposit ratio? Palmer Proctor Yes, David, I’ll take that one. Ttheir is Palmer. We’re encouraged by and part of tthey reason we’re encouraged by is wtheyn you look at a lot of tthey growth that we are experiencing and a lot of it’s coming in on tthey commercial side, which theirtorically and traditionally for both our banks has brought in good core funding in terms of relationship deposits. And at tthey same time, we’ve been successful in rolling off a lot of our higtheyr cost deposits. I do think with tthey anticipated Fed cuts that we’ll be able to make some adjustments ttheyre on our costs. So I do think deposit costs for us will continue to improve, as we move forward through tthey remainder of ttheir year. Ttheyn in terms of tthey loan deposit ratio, it did increased ttheir quarter, but we’re very comfortable with wtheyre we are. David Feaster Okay. Terrific. And ttheyn I guess just on asset quality, is ttheyre anything in your footprint that you’re seeing that you’re kind of slowing down? You’ve talked in tthey past about seeing some stretching on terms in underwriting standards. Is that – does that abate at all in tthey quarter or again, just kind of your general pulse on tthey market? Palmer Proctor Well, I think you have to look at each market individually, but tthey two primary markets for us being Atlanta and obviously Jacksonville and parts of Florida. We are seeing a lot of competition out ttheyre in terms of structure. But in terms of underwriting and asset quality, we aren’t seeing many people compromise on that front. You are seeing extended terms and obviously aggressive pricing, but fortunately for most of our competitors out ttheyre, we’re not seeing people making loans that ttheyy shouldn’t be making, it’s just tthey structure of those is far more competitive in today’s market. David Feaster Okay. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Marinac of Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Marinac Hey, thanks. Good morning. Aaron you’d mentioned in tthey ROA comment a few callers ago, just about tthey idea of resources. And I was curious if that is more systems-based than it is branctheys or would it be kind of all of tthey above? Aaron Stokes No. We don’t see any really growth in our branch network. Ttheyre may be some analysis, as far as if we have one branch in an area than in anottheyr branch possibility in a better area that we might have a mover branch potentially. I mean, that would be tthey closest that we would come to any new branctheys. And so, it really would be on tthey kind of resource side, tthey administrative compliance technology, any kind of resources that we need to allocate ttheyre to become more efficient. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay, great. And ttheyn Palmer, as you think about capital allocation in tthey future way beyond tthey next couple of quarters. To what extent did dividends play a role of decisions you may make? I’m just sort of wondering, it gets you to elaborate more on buybacks just well beyond tthey conversion time. Palmer Proctor Yes. I mean to address tthey buybacks up front, that right now is certainly as I mentioned, we’ve got tthey availability to do so, but – and that’s a trigger we can always pull, but I don’t want to anticipate any buybacks in tthey near future right now. And in terms of our capital allocation moving forward, I think what you’ll see is, wtheyn you look at tthey balance ttheyyet and that’s one of tthey most intriguing things about ttheir opportunity theyre with tthey combined companies is tthey diversification in tthey balance ttheyyet. But we’ll start channeling a lot of that capitalist as allocating it towards tthey commercial front, that’s wtheyre you’ll see tthey – probably tthey strongest allocation on a go forward basis. Christoptheyr Marinac And as that happens, that could be sort of margin friendly for you as you sort of right size various parts of tthey loan and owning asset mix, is that kind of a fair impression? Palmer Proctor Yes. From both sides of tthey balance ttheyyet, right, because unlike our indirect portfolio, which generated very little in tthey way of core funding, tthey commercial side certainly contributes to that and improve – theylps improve tthey NIM. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. Thank you both. Appreciate it. Palmer Proctor Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session, and concludes tthey conference call. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.