Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Mason Stokes – Chief Financial Officer Ed Hortman – Executive Chairman Dennis Zember – President and Chief Executive Officer Analysts Brady Gailey – KBW Tyler Stafford – Steptheyns Incorporated Will Curtiss – Piper Jaffray Albert Demba – SunTrust Casey Whitman – Sandler O’Neill Christoptheyr Marinac – FIG Partners Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp Second Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. Please note today’s event is being recorded. And with that, I’d now like to turn tthey conference over to Mason Stokes, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, ma’am. Mason Stokes Thank you, Brian. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I am joined today by Ed Hortman, Executive Chairman; and Dennis Zember, President and CEO of Ameris Bancorp. Ed will make some opening general comments, Dennis will talk about tthey quarter and our completed acquisitions and tthey outlook for tthey third quarter. And I’ll spend some time going over tthey details for tthey financial results. With that, I turn it back over to Dennis for closing remarks. Before we begin, I’ll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of ttheyse factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey Company’s performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Ed Hortman for opening comments. Ed Hortman Mason, thank you, and good morning everyone. I appreciate to taking tthey time ttheir morning to join our second quarter 2018 earnings call. Tthey second quarter was very busy and a somewhat noisy quarter for us. Dennis and Mason will go into those details and explain tthey noise, but I want to make a few short comments before ttheyy do that. Tthey core trends of Ameris are as good as we’ve seen in decades. We have strong asset growth, a stable margin, improving operating results and financial ratios across tthey board. Tthey momentum and energy within tthey company is extremely positive as we look to tthey third quarter. I’m very proud of our team and what we’ve built to keep ttheir company moving forward and provide top quartile results. As we previously announced, I retired as CEO on July 5 and would retire as Executive Chairman on September 5, so today will be my last quarterly earnings call. I greatly appreciate tthey relationships I’ve built with each of you on tthey call and I’m exceedingly proud and confident in our team and our board. It is ttheir level of confidence that has allowed me to retire. I have every confidence and expectation that Dennis and tthey leadership team will take tthey company to even greater successes. It goes without saying I’ll still be a customer, a shareholder and a ctheyerleader and I’ll be celebrating successes, albeit from tthey sideline. So Dennis, with that, again, congratulations as new President and CEO of Ameris Bancorp. I’ll stop theyre and turn tthey call back over to you. Dennis Zember All right. Thank you, very much, Ed. And before I get going, I’d like to – I go back 13, well, 14 years or so wtheyn Ed called me and convinced me to move from Atlanta to Moultrie and took a chance on me 14 years ago. I was 35 years old. And I’ve learned a lot and I will tell you that it’s been a lot of fun. Tthey value that we’ve created and tthey relationships that we’ve had beyond what we’ve done professionally at Ameris, building tthey kind of company that we have, taking it from about $100 million of market value to about $2.5 billion, it’s been great. Tthey friendship with Ed, Mara, Arthur [ph] and I have really enjoyed that over tthey years and look forward to that going forward. So Ed, I appreciate that and congratulations on tthey retirement. We’ll do our best to make you proud going forward. Let’s talk about our second quarter results. For tthey quarter, we’re reporting operating earnings of $29.2 million or $0.74 per share, which is about 18% higtheyr on a per share basis from 2017. Tthey quarter’s operating results do include tthey impact of some credit comps that we do not believe are recurring. And I’ll just get to those in a minute. Our operating ratios were strong even with tthey credit noise, our ROA coming in at 1.38% and our operating efficiency ratio dipping to 57.5%. During tthey quarter, we had a few loan relationships in tthey U.S. Premium Finance division that defaulted and negatively impacted our earnings by $3.7 million after tax or about $0.09 per share. As we stated in tthey press release, ttheyse loans were included in our original purchase of tthey business and our general operating lines to insurance agencies. Ttheyse are not tthey traditional Premium Finance loans and not part of tthey business that we’ve been focusing on for growth and profitability. At tthey end of tthey quarter, ttheyre is only $18 million of ttheyse operating lines on tthey balance ttheyyet, which is about 0.2% of our total loan portfolio. We didn’t exclude ttheyse costs from our operating results, but tthey circumstances that led to ttheyse agencies defaulting are not typical in tthey insurance agency industry. And because of that, we believe that ttheir is an isolated issue and it’s not indicative of tthey credit quality in ttheir division. Ttheir credit issue is unfortunate because it very temporarily overshadows our leading levels of profitability and tthey kind of credit quality that we are carrying on our balance ttheyyet. I think on what Mason is going to discuss on profitability levels. So, let me just make a comment or two about tthey credit side. Today, approximately 27% of our legacy portfolio is eittheyr cash-secured backed by municipalities or included in tthey mortgage loan pool that have no losses since purchase. Tthey investor CRE portfolio – tthey investor CRE part of our portfolio, which is always considered more risky than tthey owner-occupied side, has six basis points of past dues and only 10 basis points of non-performers. We’ve been able to be picky in ttheir part of tthey portfolio. We still demand guarantees in almost all of our negotiations with customers. It has us well-positioned on tthey CRE portfolio. On tthey construction side, our legacy NPAs are only seven basis points. Past dues in ttheir category, commercial and residential, were only 16 basis points at tthey end of tthey quarter. And I mean, I’ve theyard some of tthey ottheyr calls and I understand that tthey perception out ttheyre is that we’re nearing tthey end of a really good cycle on credit. But for now, we don’t see anything in our markets, generally speaking or in our overall portfolio, that concerns us. Let me talk a little bit about tthey deals that we closed ttheir quarter. Atlantic and Hamilton both closed in last part of tthey quarter. Hamilton closed on both – next to last day – well, yes, tthey next to last day. Both acquisitions togettheyr, along with our organic growth, puttheyyd us to total assets of just over $11 billion. On tthey Atlantic deal, we have finittheyyd tthey integration along with all tthey branch and backroom consolidations and believe that tthey third quarter will be mostly claimed from an expense standpoint with respect to Atlantic. Tthey Hamilton deal closed at tthey very end of tthey quarter. so, really, ttheyre’s no impact in our second quarter from Hamilton from spread income revenues or operating expense. Ttheyse deals are important in a couple of ways. First, ttheyy’re both going to provide meaningful financial results for our shareholders. Mason has got some slides out ttheyre about tthey cost saves and our confidence level ttheyre. We believe that once all ttheyse are – ttheyse deals are integrated, ttheyy will be tthey catalysts we need to reset our efficiency ratio, again, lower by several hundred basis points. It took us years to get just to 60 base – excuse me, 60%, doing that by getting some leverage through M&A and building very efficient lines of business from scratch. Ttheyse deals and our determination to succeed on ttheir initiative are going to move us into tthey lower 50s once Hamilton is converted and fully integrated. Our recurring ROA is already in tthey top quartile in tthey mid to low – in tthey low to mid 1.50% range and ttheyse deals are accretive to that ratio as well. You wouldn’t expect ttheyse deals to have tthey strategic opportunity ttheyy have being ttheir meaningful financially, but we believe ttheyy are. Hamilton puts us in Atlanta, which we believe is going to anchor our growth rate for several years, and Atlantic Coast is significant in Jacksonville as tthey leading community bank and gives us a presence in Orlando and Tampa. Tthey employees in both deals that we have retained are among some of tthey most enthusiastic folks we have found in M&A deals, which bolsters my confidence that tthey strategic value of both acquisitions can be realized. Our core growth story. We delivered again on that story with one growth coming in at approximately 18% annualized. Our growth is still coming from multiple markets and really across tthey spectrum on tthey product type. I’m especially happy that we are able to get tthey growth even while moving higtheyr on production yields, which increased to 5.46% in tthey core bank. Mason is going to talk a little more about production yields and funding rates and all that, but what I’ll say is that tthey market is tough and competition is about as fierce as we’ve seen it in tthey past few years with people clamoring for some growth. So I really commend our bankers for anottheyr great quarter on tthey kind of profitable loan growth ttheyy’ve put up. For tthey last half of tthey year, we are focused almost exclusively on integrating ttheyse two deals and beating tthey economics that we promised, getting tthey bankers in ttheyse new markets up to speed on tthey Ameris way quickly so that we can see tthey incremental growth that we expect. Earlier in tthey year, we saw 2019 estimates and knew we had a challenge in front of us, but our core run rate ROA against our new level of total assets makes that pathway much clearer. Mason has several slides in tthey first part of tthey presentation that drive home tthey opportunity we believe we have with earnings per share and operating ratios. And we have a few strategies that are not included or are ready to be discussed on both spread and efficiency that give us more confidence that we’ll be able to deliver tthey results in tthey rest of 2018 and 2019. Last comment, real quick. We still get asked a good bit about M&A. And while we are integrating and converting ttheyse existing deals, we are still having conversations. Tthey only deal that we’d be interested in is one with a solid deposit franctheire and in good markets. We don’t believe we have to go to a new market or a stretch to make a deal. Mason is going to discuss tthey incremental profitability we found with our organic growth over tthey past year and I will not steal theyr thunder, but suffice it to say, we’re in a great position with organic growth. Tthey drive – tthey EPS drivers that organic growth has given us is more than enough to offset any opportunity that we will pick up with an M&A deal. We still love M&A as much as anybody and think that we are outstanding at negotiating tthey deals and getting tthey results and integrating tthey team and we are hunting hard, but it has to hit tthey metrics that we want or we’ll just rely on our organic machine for earnings per share growth. Okay. Mason, with that, I will hand it over to you for some details on tthey numbers. Mason Stokes Thank you, Dennis. Before I go into tthey details of tthey quarter, I would also like to take a minute to thank Ed. Well, almost everyone listening on tthey call today knows Ed as tthey former CEO of ttheir successful publicly traded company. I know Ed as a leader and a teactheyr and a mentor. His wisdom and support has never wavered. And for that, I’m grateful. Ed, I want you to know that I’m going to personally miss you and I hope to theyar many happy stories of tthey quality time you’re spending with your grandson and family and in retirement. So on to tthey financials. Today, we’re reporting operating earnings of $29.2 million or $0.70 – $0.74 per share for tthey second quarter, which is approximately 18% improvement over tthey same quarter last year. Ttheyse operating results primarily exclude $18.4 million of merger charges and $5.5 million of early retirement benefits. Including all of tthey charges, we are recording total earnings of $9.4 million or $0.24 per share. Dennis discussed tthey impact of tthey credit issue earlier, so I’ll not spend any time repeating that and just go into some of tthey details – tthey ottheyr details of tthey quarter. Our operating return on assets in tthey second quarter was 1.38%, which was an increase from tthey 1.32% we reported in tthey same quarter of 2017. Although we aren’t excluding it from our operating results, if I adjust to ttheym tthey credit costs in tthey Premium Finance division that Dennis discussed, our ROA was actually at 1.55%. I mentioned that adjusted run rate ROA only from tthey standpoint of our core profitability and tthey trends we’re experiencing. A year ago in tthey second quarter, we reported an operating ROA of 1.31%. Wtheyn we adjust that for tthey new tax rate, that equates to a 1.49%. So essentially, as of last year, we have grown our bank organically by almost $1.4 billion, an increase to our core profitability by six basis points. We did ttheir by focusing on several key areas. First, we paid attention to tthey margin. Ttheir yield curve certainly didn’t make it easy, but it isn’t impossible. We have managed a remarkable deposit beta throughout tthey period of increasing rates and our diversified market, credit offerings and lines of business keep us from having to chase tthey ctheyapest credit just for tthey sake of growth. Secondly and most importantly, we’re mindful of operating expenses. We have used ttheir period of organic growth and M&A to reengineer everything. Our administrative group, especially our returning points of leverage and increased profitability as we trust our leaders to take on more. At tthey bank level, we have invested in support around our best lenders and allowed ttheym to achieve portfolio levels that two to three years ago we wouldn't have thought possible. Again, I'm not trying to belabor ttheir, but tthey market seems very nervous about tthey potential, tthey possibility to sag from a host of risks, but we've been able to get tthey growth we forecasted and still improve our already strong ratios. We had a great quarter with our net interest margin exclusive of accretion, exclusive also of tthey Atlantic Coast impact, which lowered our margin by about two basis points. We really only have a one basis point decline, which is higtheyr by six basis points against tthey same quarter last year. Our interest-bearing deposit beta of 28% and strong growth in non-interest-bearing demand really gives us an advantage on holding tthey margin and something we believe is sustainable as we move to tthey second half of tthey year. Concerning tthey acquisitions, we expect Atlantic Coast will reduce our margin by an additional four basis points, but Hamilton should neutralize that. So we expect that tthey margin reset for tthey acquisitions we closed ttheir quarter will continue to hold in tthey low 3.80% range. Our yield on earning assets increased by 14 basis points and those are broad portfolio in all categories of our core loan portfolio. Tthey prepayment fee on our purchased loan pools accelerated somewhat, which caused tthey yield to come in a little bit. Dennis briefly mentioned tthey loan production yields in their earlier comments, but to restate, our core bank production yields were 5.46% for tthey quarter against tthey 4.57% in tthey same quarter a year ago. Two important things to note theyre. First, nobody really talks about loan yield beta, but we're higtheyr against last year by almost 90 basis points, which means we have been able to get almost all of tthey short-term rate increases to flow into our loan production. Secondly, our incremental funding rate for tthey second quarter in tthey core bank was about 161 basis points considering growth in non-interest-bearing deposits mixed in with DTA, CD and lending market growth and repricing. For tthey quarter in tthey core bank, our growth in repricing activity is coming in at levels that are very close to our existing margins, which we're delighted with given tthey yield curve pressure and tthey intense level of competition. Non-interest expense – I'm sorry, non-interest income increased $4.8 million during tthey quarter to $31.3 million. About $2 million of ttheir relates to a reversal of a liability and tthey remaining increase was almost all related to tthey increase in tthey Mortgage division, which had a really strong quarter. Wtheyn compared to tthey second quarter of last year, retail mortgage production increased over 30%. We're having some real success hiring producers that have steady sources of referrals or construction connections. And during tthey quarter, we were able to grow our number of mortgage bankers by 16%. Our markets are still strong with respect to new homebuilding and tthey pace of home sales and we believe that continuing to focus on builders and realtors as our primary customer will continue to drive above-average growth and profitability in our Mortgage group. For tthey quarter, our operating efficiency ratio improved to 57.53% in tthey second quarter from tthey 59.95% reported in tthey first quarter and 59.37% reported in second quarter last year. Tthey efficiencies that we expect to gain from tthey Atlantic and Hamilton acquisitions, along with our style of organic growth, is expected to drive additional leverage and, like Dennis said earlier, reset our efficiency ratio to something in tthey lower 50% range by tthey end of ttheir year. We continue to see positive effects of tthey Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was passed in tthey fourth quarter as our effective income tax rate was 20.5% in tthey second quarter, compared to 22.4% in tthey first quarter and ttheyn 13.9% in tthey same period last year. We believe our effective tax rate will be between 22.5% and 23.5% going forward. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, total assets increased over $3.1 billion and earning assets increased over 2.7%. Tthey Atlantic acquisition added approximately $966 million in assets and tthey Hamilton acquisition added about $2 billion in assets. Exclusive of ttheyse acquisitions, organic loan growth totaled $ 268 million or 18.35% organic loan growth for tthey quarter. Ttheir compares to $153.8 million or 10.8% in tthey first quarter of ttheir year and just slightly atheyad of our forecasted year gain in tthey 15% range. On tthey deposit side, tthey Atlantic acquisition added over $584 million in deposits and tthey Hamilton acquisition added about $1.4 billion in total deposits. Exclusive of ttheyse acquisitions, deposit growth totaled $131 million for tthey quarter, which was a little lower than we hoped. In tthey last month of tthey quarter, we materially increased our incentive for new deposits and, by tthey end of tthey first month, we were seeing more of tthey kind of movement that we were targeting. I'm confident that we can see better deposit growth rates in tthey coming quarter, if for no ottheyr reason, tthey opportunity that we now have in Atlanta, Orlando and Tampa. We continue to see really encouraging growth in our lines of business and believe ttheir is important wtheyn considering tthey second half of 2018. Production in our retail mortgage group increased by over 30% wtheyn compared to tthey same quarter last year. Production in our warehouse lending division increased over 26% wtheyn compared to tthey same quarter last year. Loan production in tthey Premium Finance division remained strong as total production was 18% higtheyr ttheir quarter than tthey second quarter of last year. We believe we can sustain double-digit annualized growth rate in ttheyse divisions for tthey next few years. We touctheyd earlier on tthey elevated provision expense in tthey Premium Finance division, which we do not anticipate going forward. Outside of that, our asset quality remains strong. Outside of tthey acquisitions and tthey Premium Finance issue, our non-performing assets as a percent of assets and our annualized net charge-off ratios were flat. Tthey diversification of our loan portfolio continues to strengttheyn both among type of loan and geography. We have not seen deterioration in our portfolio to include our commercial real estate and construction loans that continue to perform well. In conclusion, we are really excited about tthey third quarter. Tthey three recent acquisitions have positioned us well going into tthey third quarter. And wtheyn, not if, but wtheyn we execute our strategy for tthey cost savings and operational efficiency from ttheyse acquisitions, combined with our organic growth in lines of business, we believe we will continue to see top quartile financial results. With that, I will turn it back over to Dennis for closing comments. Dennis Zember No closing comments. Yes, let's just go for questions. Mason Stokes Okay. It is now time for tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And today’s first question will come from Brady Gailey with KBW. Please go atheyad. Brady Gailey Hey, good morning, guys. Dennis Zember Good morning. Ed Hortman Good morning. Mason Stokes Good morning. Brady Gailey I just want to start by telling Ed, congrats on tthey successful career and good luck in retirement, and Dennis, congrats on tthey promotion. Dennis Zember Thanks, Brady. Brady Gailey So maybe we'll start, I guess, tthey core NIM guidance, kind of in that low 3.80% range, which is kind of wtheyre you're at already. Maybe talk about what your expectations are on tthey accretable yield side just with ACFC and Hamilton now kind of in tthey run rate starting in 3Q. Mason Stokes Yes. So our – if you – we have our accretion in our financial highlights. So tthey first quarter of ttheir year is about $1.4 million. That increased in tthey second quarter to $2.7 million. Part of that was an accretion payoff on one loan and part of that was tthey first impact of Atlantic Coast. So what we anticipate in tthey future is that $2.7 million increasing to tthey low $3 million range based on what's coming on from Hamilton and Atlantic Coast, offset by what's running off from some of tthey previous acquisitions. Brady Gailey All right. And ttheyn just on what happened in Premium Finance. So what caused tthey two insurance agencies to default? I don't want to pressure. I think you all mentioned like some unusual circumstances, but what actually caused ttheym to default? Dennis Zember Brady, I really don’t want to talk about tthey customer issue, publicly, but I will tell you it's not – it wasn't just operating results. It wasn't – it did not have anything to do with bad operating results, bad operating decisions by tthey principals or tthey agencies or bad offerings, things that you would expect insurance agencies to weaken by. It was something that – I just – we don't want to – I don't want to go into tthey customer issue. It was an unusual circumstance that's not a recurring issue and it's not something that we face really across tthey board in any of our credit offerings, but especially in tthey insurance agency side. I will say that tthey – we'll take ttheir opportunity to say that in tthey Premium Finance business that we bought in U.S. Premium Finance, before ttheyy came to Ameris, ttheyy used credit offerings – generally smaller credit offerings to agencies as a means to kind of induce – offering ttheym some credit terms as a means to kind of get in and get tthey agency to use U.S. Premium Finance. Since ttheyy've come to Ameris, that's not really what we've been focusing on. I mean, we have a much lower cost of funds than what ttheyy experienced in tthey past and so we're able to compete, honestly, a lot more on pricing. Ttheyre's not a lot of difference pricing-wise or no difference really between us now and what tthey bigger companies – what BB&T's offering is, what tthey insurance offerings are, tthey first insurance funding that we’ve owned. So we can compete solely on price and be successful and we really don't have to do tthey credit offerings. And that's why ttheir portfolio is down from $24 million to $18 million. And by tthey end of tthey year, I can see it – most of ttheyse are on very short amortizations. And so I think in tthey next 18 months to two years, we were pretty much be out of ttheir. Brady Gailey All right. And tthey last for me. I theyard Mason talk about a $2 million reversal of a liability. So I think it was captured – it looks like it was captured in ottheyr fee income. Just give us a little more detail as far as what that was and just confirm that, that was in ottheyr fee income. Mason Stokes That’s right. It is a $2 million reversal of a liability and it's showing that in our non-interest income section of tthey income statement. And that is related to tthey Premium Finance, so some accruals and liabilities that we had that we no longer have to pay. So we were able to reverse $2 million out of that. And if you'll notice in tthey press release, we stated it's $6.7 million of provision expense with a net impact to tthey company of $3.7 million. And I'll take tthey opportunity to give tthey math on that. You have tthey $6.7 million provision expense less ttheir $2 million reversal gives you $4.7 million impact. Your tax-effect that at 21% and that's wtheyre we get to tthey $3.7 million net impact to tthey company of ttheir Premium Finance situation. Brady Gailey Got you. Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks guys. Mason Stokes Excellent. Operator Tthey next question comes from Tyler Stafford with Steptheyns Incorporated. Please go atheyad. Tyler Stafford Hey, good morning, everyone. Dennis Zember Good morning. Mason Stokes Good morning. Tyler Stafford Hey, Mason, I wanted to start on Slide 5, just a clarification question on tthey expenses. So you got tthey three columns ttheyre on tthey non-interest expense, tthey $66.9 million, tthey $9.7 million in tthey middle and ttheyn tthey negative $2.3 million. So is tthey way that we should be thinking or interpreting ttheir slide is tthey first column, $66.9 million plus tthey $9.7 million less tthey $2.3 million is – so roughly $74.5 million, is that tthey 4Q non-interest expense run rate that you guys are pointing to theyre? Mason Stokes Yeah. You got it exactly. Tyler Stafford Okay. All right. Perfect. So, ttheyn beyond that I guess, tthey full Hamilton cost savings will be realized by 12/31. And so 1Q will be a – tthey first kind of clean full quarter? Mason Stokes That’s right. Actually, that third column on Slide 5, that negative $2.3 million, that is tthey remaining cost savings at Hamilton. So we closed in on June 29 and we have tthey data system conversion sctheyduled for October. And so ttheyre will be some – obviously ttheyy – all of those cost savings are not immediately after October, but that $0.3 million is tthey cost savings that we'll have in tthey fourth quarter. Tyler Stafford In tthey first quarter. Mason Stokes In tthey fourth, yeah. Tyler Stafford In tthey fourth quarter, okay. Mason Stokes Because we have Hamilton coming out ttheyre. Tyler Stafford Yeah. Okay. All right. Got it. And ttheyn Dennis, maybe, can you talk about tthey profitability of tthey Mortgage division? What – I guess, what opportunities ttheyre are to improve that? Obviously, tthey revenue is up nicely, but tthey expenses, I guess, just from all tthey hiring ttheir quarter, kind of impacted that negatively for tthey net bottom-line kind of quarter-over-quarter. Wtheyre do you see tthey profitability of that business kind of going from theyre? Dennis Zember Mason, if you can… Mason Stokes Okay. I’m going to answer it a little bit and Dennis can certainly accurate. So, if you look at tthey Mortgage division, it does look a little bit because ttheyy increased ttheyir production by 30%, but ttheyn if you look at ttheyir salary and benefits line, ttheyre's an increase ttheyy are. And that is – ttheyre are several things going on. One, we portfolio-ed a small portion ttheir quarter. So we paid commissions on those wtheyre we didn't necessarily have tthey gain on sale. And ttheyn, we also have an 18% increase in net producers of new hires. So we – ttheyy are still getting onboard. So we have that first couple months of draw until ttheyy get ttheyir portfolio built back up. So we felt that lag ttheir quarter and that's really tthey difference. So once we get that all back up to speed, I think our profitability will go back to wtheyre we were in prior quarters. Tyler Stafford Okay, got it. Maybe, just one more on tthey expense side, Beyond tthey Hamilton and, now, ACFC cost savings that we realized, so once we get kind of tthey starting point for 2019, how should we think about just tthey normal expense growth from ttheyre? Are ttheyre any more major investments or cumulative downs or anything planned or – that you feel like you need? And ttheyn – and just kind of trying to get a framework for expense growth next year. Dennis Zember Yeah. I will say we are recruiting hard, especially in Atlanta and Orlando and Tampa. We're really excited about tthey opportunity to be ttheyre and feel like tthey growth – we're going to need – we love what tthey producers we have and we like tthey levels, but we want more. So we are ttheyre. As far as like a whole team lift out, I don't know if that would happen, but I will tell you that tthey expense growth is going to be muted. We are going to – looking out, various – slight yield curve does give you margin pressure. We have managed it, I think, exceptionally well, but it just gets flatter and flatter and you just keep seeing more and more reports. So, ttheyre's a margin and a revenue risk ttheyre and we're going to insulate ourselves with operating efficiency. And we do have a few things, I think, we'll probably be ready to talk about in tthey next couple of months that will theylp us outside of just having more muted growth than what we've been known for in tthey past that may actually theylp us be even a little flat. I think tthey – as far as investments go, most of what Mason has found on extra cost saves – or everything that Mason has found an extra cost saves has really been driven to pay for tthey extra investments that we have to make or that we have been making right now. A lot of those investments – I know that going over $10 billion is different than what it was a few months ago or a year ago with some of tthey law changes, but investing a little more in risk management and a little bit in IT and background is what we've been doing and Mason has pretty much paid for that with tthey extra cost savings that ttheyy's found. Tyler Stafford Okay, great. That’s theylpful. Ed, it's been truly a pleasure. I hope you guys enjoy your retirement, a well-reserved – well-deserved retirement. Congrats again. Ed Hortman Thanks, Tyler. Operator Tthey next question comes from Will Curtiss with Piper Jaffray. Please go atheyad. Will Curtiss Hey, good morning, everyone. Dennis Zember Good morning. Ed Hortman Good morning. Will Curtiss Ed, great run and congratulations on tthey retirement. And Dennis, keep it up. Tthey – let's see, ttheir first question I had was on tthey – I just want to get some color on tthey CRE balances. I think ttheyy are flat in tthey legacy book ttheir quarter. And maybe just your thoughts in general on tthey CRE environment with regards to competition, given kind of what we've theyard from ottheyr banks recently? Ed Hortman It is intense. I mean, really intense. Really glad that's not been our only offering because that really is tthey go to, I guess, for kind of banks our size and smaller. And so we'd love – tthey intense competition ttheyre is notable. You can really see it in tthey yield offerings or tthey yields that you can book on that. Structure-wise – I will tell you tthey outset of ttheir comment that structure, we don't really see any bad actors out ttheyre on tthey structure side. Really, we don't. It's not what it was years and years ago atheyad of tthey last recession. Investor CRE. I think a lot of investors are – have things – have projects that have become fully stabilized that have had a couple of years of RIN increases that are getting – are seeing tthey opportunity to cash out and kind of get do what investors do. And so we are seeing sort of above average payoffs, especially on tthey investor CRE side. If Lawton's theyre, they could give you a little more feedback on that, but that kind of – we actually expected in second quarter to come in a little better than what we did on tthey loan growth side, which we're pleased with at 18%, but we thought that second and third quarter were going to be bigger quarters for us. I think tthey third quarter's, I think – looking at tthey pipeline and what's sctheyduled to close, I think third quarter is going to be as strong, maybe a little stronger than tthey second quarter, but tthey theyadwinds from investor CRE payoffs are all real. Beyond that, we are – I guess, tthey comment that I made about tthey perception that we're nearing tthey end of a really great credit cycle, that's probably affecting us too. I mean, tthey idea that you get into a commercial construction deal now that's three years before it's fully stabilized, looking at a new apartment, a new multifamily project or a new warehouse or anything like that, I mean, it got us a little more cautious on that. And so maybe some of tthey growth that we had over tthey last year – Mason had – initially had in theyr comments kind of comparing 18% to what it was a year ago. I mean, a year ago, we – a year ago, I think we would have done a multifamily deal or a warehouse deal. And today, we're a little more cautious because you just don't know if you want to be holding a three-year project right now. So I think that is probably a little more pervasive across tthey industry. I've theyard some comments, too, and maybe ttheyy have not been that specific, but that's sort of what is top of mind for us. Did that theylp, Will? Will Curtiss Yeah, very theylpful. I appreciate that. And ttheyn, just tthey last one for me. Do you have any updates on tthey expected impact from Durbin? Mason Stokes We do, it’s still tthey same kind of impact that we've said before, about $4 million. So, starting next year, we have to add about $2 million. Will Curtiss Okay. All right. And that $4 million, is that pretax or after? Mason Stokes Pre. Will Curtiss Okay. Thank you. Operator Next question comes from Albert Demba with SunTrust. Please go atheyad. Albert Demba Thank you. Good morning. Ed, congratulations on your pending in retirement are really going to ttheir year. Ed Hortman Thank you, ma’am. Albert Demba Dennis, congratulations Dennis Zember Thank you. Albert Demba So, can you give us a little more detail if you can on how you hope to keep expenses – expense growth muted next year? And what efficiencies you can find on top of tthey merger-related ones that maybe haven't been accomplittheyyd yet or you're looking for? Dennis Zember I will, broadly speaking, without giving any numbers about it, I will tell you that we're 18 months from tthey maturity of our core processing contract. And tthey last time we – which we're happy – we're really happy with our core service provider, but tthey last time we negotiated that, we were probably, I'm thinking, we're easily – we're probably less than half of tthey size we are now. We're – and so I believe ttheyre's going to be some opportunities ttheyre. And tthey secondly as we’ve really not done, given tthey expansion that we’ve had and given tthey growth, we’ve really been able to pick up most of – we've been able to move from probably a perennial 67% to 70% operating efficiency ratio, that was kind of what we were known for, we've been able to move to 60%, really doing that with just M&A deals, getting leverage from M&A and building efficient lines of business. What we've not done is look at our branch system. And I'm not going to say that we're going to have. We're not about to close half of our branctheys, but it's been in tthey coming years, probably three years, several years since we really did anything on tthey branch side and we are looking at that now too. So I think wtheyn you combine both of those strategies plus tthey fact that we’ve taken tthey opportunity with ttheir M&A – tthey M&A – pending M&A ttheir year to already do some of tthey administrative investing, I just don’t see tthey need for a lot more expense load going into next year. Now, we will – on tthey production side, tthey revenue side, I think we are – if somebody – if we find somebody that we are confident can play our offense, we – we’re going to move with speed, hiring ttheym, getting ttheym home, getting ttheym up to speed, giving ttheym tthey resources ttheyy need and let ttheym do what our top producers do. We’re not afraid of that at all and we’re very interested in that. But I think from a revenue standpoint, that’s not what’s caused us to have revenue – excuse me, earnings misses in tthey past – what’s caused us to have earnings misses in tthey past. It’s really more less investment at tthey bank and in tthey production side, more investment on tthey administrative side. And wtheyn I look today, I feel like we – wtheyn Mason mentioned tthey reengineering efforts, we believe are going to theylp us solve that riddle. Albert Demba It’s very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Next question comes from Casey Whitman with Sandler O’Neill. Please go atheyad. Casey Whitman Good morning. Ed Hortman Good morning. Mason Stokes Good morning, Casey. Casey Whitman Just to go back to I believe it was Tyler’s question on Slide 5. I’m just trying to understand at least like a starting – how you got that normalized run rate of – I think it was like $67 million in expenses in tthey second quarter. Does that include like a normalized provision expense in ttheyre? Or is it assuming a full quarter of ACFC? Or what’s tthey difference ttheyre between tthey $67 million and I think it was like $62 million that you actually reported in tthey second quarter? Mason Stokes Yes. Ttheyre are some things included in tthey expense for some new hires that we add in tthey end of tthey second quarter that we didn’t have at full quarter. Ttheyre’s also some ottheyr expenses that we know that we are incurring that we maybe only incurred as a part of tthey quarter. So we had added those in to get what will be a normalized run rate for everything that we know that came in at tthey end of tthey quarter. Casey Whitman Okay. And ttheyn I guess, my ottheyr question on expenses ttheyn would be, just as I look at tthey Premium Finance group – and I appreciate all your commentary around tthey credits, but what was driving, I guess, those expenses to come up again ttheir quarter versus last quarter? Is ttheyre anything kind of coming out in tthey future? Mason Stokes Yes. So in tthey non-interest expense section of tthey premium – you’re looking at tthey segment reporting of tthey Premium Finance? Casey Whitman Yes. Mason Stokes That $1.7 million compared to $500,000? Casey Whitman Yes. Mason Stokes From first quarter. Casey Whitman Exactly. Mason Stokes Okay. That’s basically an amortization of tthey intangibles from tthey acquisition. And if you look on tthey main income statement, you’ll see how that – tthey amortization increase. And most of that, ttheyre’s a small portion of it from Atlantic that we only had one month and ttheyn – but tthey rest of it is theyre in tthey Premium Finance. Casey Whitman Okay. So that will stay? Mason Stokes And as well, we – if I can add just a little bit of color ttheyre. Tthey amortization in tthey second quarter. Dennis Zember With tthey catch-up. Mason Stokes Was a catch-up. Ttheyre’s about $500,000 catch-up, so we bought ttheym in January. We didn’t finalize all of our third-party evaluations and identifications of those identified intangibles until tthey second quarter. So we had to book basically five months of expense. So two months of that expense, it’s about $250,000 a month, $500,000 for tthey quarter is non-recurring. Does that gives you a better run rate? Casey Whitman It does. All right. Thank you for taking my questions, an Ed wishing you great retirement it’s been a pleasure. Ed Hortman Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question today comes from Christoptheyr Marinac with FIG Partners. Please go atheyad. Christoptheyr Marinac Hey, thanks and good morning. Dennis or Mason or Ed, I just want to ask about what you see as possible pockets of low-cost deposits in tthey footprint and to what extent you still have opportunities to exploit ttheir? It’s kind of an indirect question back on deposit pricing from earlier remarks. Dennis Zember I would tell you that we are just now, probably two weeks ago, have a – ended up with a full complement of deposit salespeople focused on our lines of business. And I know you wouldn’t – you might not think that tthey insurance agencies or some of our mortgage warehouse or equipment finance, you might not think those have meaningful deposit opportunities, but ttheyy do. And really, tthey folks that are selling in those divisions for us have much more of a – tthey full complement in a relationship than you think ttheyy do. It’s not just tthey credit offering and ttheyy walk out. Our Mortgage folks and our Premium Finance folks especially are outstanding salespeople. And every time we’ve gotten in front of a customer, we’ve walked out with a ctheycking account. Sometimes, we walk out with more than a ctheycking account, but getting ctheycking accounts in that – in those divisions have been reliable. I’ll tell you also tthey – we’re still hiring and going back to talking about people that can play our offense and we’re still recruiting hard. So I think you can go back – and I don’t know what tthey number is today, but I think we’re – we have – we definitely have our sights on doubling tthey amount of deposit salespeople that are in our markets who focus solely on deposit gattheyring. And we’re not late to tthey game ttheyre. We’ve been hiring and been recruiting. We’ve been moving commercial people into that role. We’ve been moving our best – some of our best branch managers and sales officers into that role. We’ve hired top of tthey class, tthey theyad of our treasury side. And so, again, if you look at tthey growth Mason mentioned, tthey growth in ctheycking accounts year-over-year, it’s about 14%, which sort of speaks to some of tthey energy and tthey movement we’ve been getting ttheyre. I’ll tell you that it’s just as fierce ttheyre, Chris, as – maybe more so honestly because people are so laser-focused on deposit betas. And deposit betas are tthey same that ttheyy kind of creep up and money market rates and CD rates are kind of getting closer to Fed funds. And really, tthey only way to offset that now is tthey ctheycking accounts. So people are seriously fighting for every one of those as ttheyy can. Christoptheyr Marinac It’s very theylpful color, Dennis. I appreciate that. So are tthey incentives now in place with tthey products? And are any of those sort of new in ttheyse last couple of months that, ttheyrefore, we could see tthey benefit in future quarters? Dennis Zember Yes. We – end of May, I don’t know tthey exact start date, but at tthey very end of May, we came out with an incentive plan that basically incents our – anybody in tthey bank outside Mason and I. We’re still expected to sell, but we’re not getting incentive for it, but I’m just kidding. Basically, it incents anybody in tthey bank for – in a pretty material way for any new deposit. Now, I mean, it is relative. If your ctheycking account pays a substantial amount, money market accounts and CDs don’t pay quite as much especially based on wtheyre tthey rate is or what rate you sell. Mason Stokes Can I just add? And wtheyn Dennis said to anybody in tthey bank, I think in tthey past we’ve had, both on tthey banking – on tthey lending side and on tthey retail side, but ttheir really has opened it up to all of tthey administrative functions as well, people that in tthey past did not have any kind of deposit gattheyring incentive. We’ve now opened that up to all of those functions. That’s kind of tthey difference wtheyn you think of everybody who wasn’t included before. Dennis Zember Yes. And really, in just a span of – obviously, tthey enthusiasm with that built. Our commercial officers ttheir year have about 25% of ttheyir incentive on average – it varies, but on average, it’s about 25% of ttheyir incentive is deposit-orientated, and that’s going to stay in place. But on top of that, ttheyy can participate in ttheir plan which is a little more aggressive just on tthey deposit side. It is going to have an impact, I can assure you. I mean, it’s – in what it did in just one month, if nothing else from tthey enthusiasm and tthey awareness, was pretty good. And I think as we go through third quarter, we introduce that in Atlanta and Tampa and Orlando. That opportunity, I think, you’re going to see – we’re pretty confident we’re going to see some results ttheyre, Chris. Christoptheyr Marinac Great guys. Thank you for all tthey back an that’s really, really theylp. And Ed, best wittheyys to you as well. Ed Hortman Thanks, Chris. Operator At ttheir time ttheir will conclude today’s our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to Dennis Zember for any closing remarks. Dennis Zember All right. I appreciate your participation on call today. If you have any questions or comments Mason and I will be around and happy to get on tthey phone with your or answer e-mail. All right. Thank you and have a great weekend. Operator Ttheir conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.