Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call January 28, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Palmer Proctor - Chief Executive Officer Ronald Stokes - Chief Financial Officer Jon Edwards - Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler Brady Gailey - KBW Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Hello everyone and welcome to tthey Ameris Bancorp fourth quarter 2022 conference call, and thank you for standing by. My name is Daisy and I will be coordinating your call today. If you would like to register a question, please press star followed by one on your telephone keypad.  I’ll now hand over to your host, Ronald Stokes, Chief Financial Officer to begin. Ronald, please go atheyad. Ronald Stokes Great, thank you Daisy, and thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com.  I’m joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO, and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening comments and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up for Q&A. Before we begin, I’ll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of ttheyse factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company’s performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. With that, I’ll turn it over to Palmer. Palmer Proctor Thank you Ronald. Good morning everyone. I appreciate you taking tthey time to join our call today. We were very pleased with tthey financial results we reported yesterday, and I’m also excited to be able to share some of tthey financial highlights in addition to our overall strategic view, before Ronald gets into some of tthey details.  For tthey fourth quarter, we reported net income of $82.2 million or $1.18 per diluted share, and for tthey year we earned net income of $346.5 million or $4.99 per diluted share. We had anottheyr quarter of margin expansion wtheyre our margin improved by six basis points to just over 4%, and ttheyn our net interest income increased over 5%.  One of tthey metrics we’re really proud of is for tthey full year of 2022, our growth in net interest income was over $145 million and more than replaced tthey decline in revenue that we experienced from tthey mortgage industry refi boom and tthey PPP income from 2020 and 2021. As a company, our pre-tax, pre-provision increased 13.9% in 2022 to $524.8 million from $460.7 million in 2021. Ttheir resulted in a PPNR ROA of 2.22% for 2022 compared with 2.11% in 2021. Ttheir revenue growth and our disciplined expense control improved our overall operating efficiency to 49.9% ttheir quarter and 52.5% for tthey year.  As for capital, our capital position remains strong. Our PPE ratio was 8.67 at tthey end of tthey year, and we’ve consistently said we’re focused on tangible book value growth which we believe is a main driver for building shareholder value, and we grew tangible book value ttheir year by 13.9% to end at $29.92 per share. On tthey balance ttheyyet side of things, we’re pleased with our loan growth as well as our deposit balances. Loans grew over a billion dollars during tthey quarter, which includes an asset purchase of approximately $472 million of cash value life insurance-secured loans. Excluding ttheir purchase, organic loan growth was $576 million or 12% annualized for tthey fourth quarter. Our full year 2022 organic loan growth was $3.5 billion or 22%. We continue to anticipate 2023 loan growth to moderate but are still guiding, though, in tthey mid single digit loan growth for 2023.  Tthey total deposits were relatively flat for tthey quarter and ended at $19.5 billion compared to $19.7 billion last year, and our total non-interest bearing deposits still represent about 41% of our total deposits. We’re going to continue to work diligently to protect ttheyse relationships, and we still have less than 1% in broker deposits or brokered CDs. On tthey credit side, overall quality remains strong. We recorded a $33 million provision expense ttheir quarter due to loan growth and our updated economic forecast, and none of ttheir provisioning expense was due to credit deterioration. Our annualized net charge-off ratio improved to only 8 basis points of total loans for tthey quarter and tthey year, and our non-performing assets excluding tthey Ginnie Mae guaranteed loans as a percent of total assets was 34 basis points. Our allowance coverage ratio excluding unfunded commitments improved to 1.04% at tthey end of tthey year.  To summarize, while tthey economic outlook seems to change daily, we’ve got strong fundamentals and we’re prepared for 2023, and I say ttheir for several reasons. First, wtheyn you look, we have a slightly asset sensitive balance ttheyyet that’s going to theylp protect us and protect tthey margin throughout tthey next few Fed hikes. We also have a strong core deposit base. As you know, with deposit betas are better than modeled, we’re going to continue to target a pre-tax, pre-provision ROA greater than 2%, as it was 2.2% ttheir year, as I mentioned earlier, and we’re also projecting an ROA in tthey 1.30 to 1.40 range and an ROTCE above 15%. What drives a lot of ttheir is our culture. We’ve got a strong culture of expense control and expect to maintain a sub-55 efficiency ratio.  We’ve got a diverse revenue stream among ottheyr lines of business and geography with over 73% of our net income coming from tthey core bank segment, and we’re going to continue to accrete capital and we expect to have double-digit tangible book value growth. Last but not least, wtheyn you look at how we’re positioned in terms of our markets and our experienced bankers, ttheyre’s no reason why we can’t achieve what I just mentioned. I’ll stop ttheyre and turn it over to Ronald and let theyr discuss tthey financial results in more detail. Ronald Stokes Great, thank you Palmer.  As you mentioned, for tthey fourth quarter we’re reporting net income of $82.2 million or $1.18 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis wtheyn you exclude tthey MSR gain, we earned $81.1 million or $1.17 per diluted share. Our adjusted return on assets in tthey fourth quarter was 1.32 and our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 15.78. For tthey full year ’22, we’re reporting net income of $346.5 million or $4.99 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, we earned $329.4 million or $4.75 per diluted share, and that brings our full year ROA to 1.39 and our ROTCE to 16.92 for tthey year. We ended tthey quarter with tangible book value of $29.92 per share - that’s an increase of $1.30 ttheir quarter, and for tthey year-to-date period we grew tangible book value by $3.66 or almost 14%, as Palmer mentioned. We started at $26.26 at tthey beginning of tthey year and we ended at $29.92 at tthey end of tthey year.  Moving onto net interest income and margin, our interest income for tthey quarter increased $39 million compared to third quarter and increased $95 million wtheyn you compare tthey fourth quarter of last year. In comparison, our interest expense only increased $28 million ttheir quarter compared to last quarter, and just $38 million wtheyn compared to fourth quarter of last year. For tthey full year ’22, our interest income increased $191 million while our interest expense only increased $45 million, so we had a net increase in net interest income of about $146 million or just over 22% year-over-year.  What’s really important ttheyre is we have to remember that that included tthey theyadwind of tthey PPP run-off, so wtheyn you look at tthey core bank segment, net interest income in tthey core bank increased $188.7 million or 41.2% ttheir year. That was attributable to both asset growth and to our margin expansion. On tthey margin expansion, we increased 6 basis points ttheir quarter from 3.97% last quarter to 4.03% ttheir quarter.  Our yield on earning assets increased by 54 basis points while our total cost of deposits only increased 39 basis points. Due to competitive pressure, we have been more aggressive with raising deposit rates ttheir quarter but we’re still below our modeled betas. Our cumulative deposit beta ttheir year has been about 15% compared to an original model beta of 23%. We continue to be asset sensitive with NII increasing about 2% in an up 100 environment, and we’ve updated tthey interest rate sensitivity information on Slide 10.  Non-interest income for tthey quarter decreased about $17 million, and $14.6 million of that was in tthey mortgage division. Once again, our mortgage group did a great job reducing ttheyir expenses as production pulled back. Expenses in tthey mortgage division declined by $7.3 million and represent 50% of tthey revenue decline due to tthey variable expenses ttheyre. Purchase business stabilized ttheir year closer to theirtoric levels at 82% of total activity, and we really are prepared for tthey continued success [indiscernible] pre-pandemic, pre-refi boom levels.  Total non-interest expense decreased $4.5 million in tthey fourth quarter. We really do remain focused on our operating efficiency. Our adjusted efficiency ratio improved to 49.92% ttheir quarter from 50.06% last quarter, and for tthey full year our efficiency ratio was 52.54% compared to 55% last year. We continue to look for expense reduction opportunities, and although ttheyre is always a cyclical first quarter bump, we still believe we can maintain an efficiency ratio in tthey low 50s next year, even with ttheyse slight non-interest expense increases. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we ended tthey year with total assets of $25.1 billion compared to $23.8 billion last quarter and $23.9 billion last year. We were pleased with [indiscernible] unit growth of $576.1 million or 12.25% annualized for tthey quarter, and for tthey year that was $3.5 billion or 22% for tthey full year. We do anticipate 2023 loan growth to flow and be in tthey mid single digits for next year--that’s ttheir year, 2023. Total deposits were relatively flat at $19.5 billion for tthey quarter, and our non-interest bearing deposits still represent over 40% of our deposits, 40.74% to be exact. Ttheyn our total non-rate sensitive deposits, we include non-interest bearing now in savings, ttheyy represent over 65% of our total deposits, and as Palmer mentioned earlier, we’ve got minimal--less than 1% of our deposits are brokered. With that, I will wrap it up and turn tthey call back over to Daisy for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question today comes from Casey Whitman from Piper Sandler. Casey, please go atheyad, your line is open. Casey Whitman Hey, good morning.  Ronald Stokes Good morning Casey. Casey Whitman Maybe first starting, Ronald, you mentioned, I think a 15% cumulative deposit beta versus your 23% model. Is it your expectation over tthey next few quarters that tthey beta will kind of grow towards that 23%, or has, I guess, your longer term beta outlook come in a bit? Maybe just touch on wtheyre deposits costs were at tthey end of tthey quarter versus wtheyre ttheyy were over tthey quarter, if that’s gone up meaningfully or not. Ronald Stokes Sure, so yes, our original model beta was about a 23 and our current model beta is about a 21, and so we were below that. Wtheyn you look at--and again, that is modeled all in, so that’s including interest bearing and non-interest bearing, and so for tthey cycle, we’re at about 15% compared to that original 23 and our current model beta is about 21%. We are asset sensitive, still slightly asset sensitive, about 2%; but what I would say is with every rate hike, we have seen--definitely seen competitive pressure in tthey market, and so we would guide tthey margins to be peaking or near peak at ttheir point and that, even though we are asset sensitive, if tthey Fed moves next week and ttheyy have one or two more moves, that we really have that extra beta, that catch-up beta to be able to protect our deposits. We would guide that tthey margin is stabilizing or peaking now. Casey Whitman Mm-hmm. Ronald Stokes Ttheyn for spot deposit costs at tthey end of tthey quarter, I might need to get back with you on that one, Casey.  Casey Whitman Okay. Ronald Stokes I will say that with tthey latest move ttheyre, it’s going to be in CDs, and that our overall CD costs--I mean, I think our money markets and all of those are fairly consistent with what we reported for tthey quarter, but our CD costs for tthey spot costs--so our money market spot costs at tthey end of tthey year were about 2%, now ttheyy’re about [indiscernible] for a total of about 1.53%. Casey Whitman Okay, I appreciate that. Maybe walk us through tthey strategy just with FHLB borrowings and, I guess, talk more broadly about total funding costs versus just deposit costs, and also your appetite for FHLB versus broker deposits and how it kind of applies to tthey loan growth guide and also tthey loan purchase ttheir quarter. Ronald Stokes Sure, so we--going into ttheir, wtheyn we purchased tthey loan portfolio, which we like that credit and we like that cash surrender value and we like tthey rate, and so wtheyn we model that, we modeled that with some wholesale funding, at least temporarily. Tthey fact that we--wtheyn you look at our FHLB borrowings at 1.5 at tthey end of tthey year, a third of that was really to fund that portfolio purchase, which is accretive to ROA. So really, tthey remaining borrowings, about a $1 billion is FHLB borrowing, and we really look at that from a profitability, margin and an ROA perspective. But had we instead of doing brokered deposits--I’m sorry, instead of doing FHLB advances, if we had done broker, which we had room to do that because our brokers were less than 1%, so if we had booked those as brokered deposits instead of FHLB advances, our loan to deposit ratio would have been less than 95% because we would have grown that denominator. We really were looking at that from a profitability and our timing of that and tthey longevity that we wanted to lock in and tthey rate [indiscernible], we made that decision from a profitability standpoint. Casey Whitman Mm-hmm, okay. Just with tthey loan purchase, obviously you [indiscernible] with tthey credit. Just what kind of yields are in that book, and is tthey plan to add more to that or is ttheir sort of more one-time transactions? Ronald Stokes Ttheir is tthey acquired piece of tthey one-time transaction, but we already have--that’s already a product that we offer, is cash surrender value secured. We like tthey credit, it’s a variable rate product. Right now it’s yielding over 6% with very low credit risk, so we like all of that, and it complements tthey existing portfolio that we already had. We purchased it and converted it to our core system, so ttheyre’s little to no--very minimal overtheyad to really continue that product, so it really was accretive to ROA. Casey Whitman Okay, thanks for taking my questions, and great quarter. Ronald Stokes Great, thank you Casey. Operator Thank you very much. Our next question today comes from Brady Gailey from KBW. Brady, please go atheyad, your line is open. Brady Gailey Hey thanks, good morning guys. Palmer Proctor Good morning. Brady Gailey I wanted to start with mortgage - you know, anottheyr step down theyre in mortgage revenue in 4Q. I know it’s incredibly hard to forecast, and a gain on sale of 126 basis points is not theylping you. But any way to think about what mortgage could look like in 2023 from a volume and a gain on sale perspective? Palmer Proctor Yes, I’ll tell you what, Brady - I’ll kick off in terms of tthey outlook, and ttheyn I’ll let Ronald talk kind of on tthey gain on sale portion of it. I think what we’re all experiencing as an industry is really tthey mortgage space has obviously moved because of higtheyr rates back more into a pattern of seasonality year-over-year, which is wtheyre we were pre-boon, pre-pandemic, so it’s kind of a nice shift, quite frankly, to level set and reset everything in tthey industry, but I think what you’re going to find across tthey board is that ttheyre’s going to be more seasonality that we were accustomed to. First quarter of each year is always typically tthey weaker quarter, and ttheyn second quarter generally picks up because of spring selling season, and ttheyn third quarter is typically your higtheyst quarter, and ttheyn fourth quarter, assuming that rates kind of moderate, we’ll continue to see some improvement ttheyre. We think tthey Fed will have long term rates moderating probably around 2.6, 2.85 in tthey 10-year, bringing kind of long term rates to a steady 5% for Fannie and Freddie-type products into 2024. I think tthey outlook right now in 2024 is actually pretty positive for tthey housing market, so that’s kind of what I think we’re going to all experience, which we’re glad to see, it’s just some more moderation and getting back into that pattern of seasonality. In terms of tthey gain on sale, Ronald, do you want to talk about that? Ronald Stokes Sure, so our gain on sale ttheir quarter was a 1.26, and we certainly don’t feel like that’s--we feel like that’s definitely going up and that that should stabilize. We’ve said--we originally said about 2.75 to 3 - don’t know wtheyn we’ll get ttheyre, but I do have some interesting little details I wanted to mention on mortgage. Ttheyre’s been so much noise between 2019, ’20 and ’21, and so wtheyn you kind of go back and look at fourth quarter ’19, which is post Fidelity but it’s also a fourth quarter, it’s a really good comparison quarter in that it’s post Fidelity, it’s pre-COVID, pre-boon, and it’s a fourth quarter, so you’ve got tthey cyclicality of that fourth quarter.  Wtheyn you look at that, our production is down about 40% ttheir quarter over--I’m sorry, 30% ttheir quarter over fourth quarter ’19, but our profitability is greatly improved, and a lot of that has to do with all of tthey things that tthey mortgage group learned and did because ttheyy had to during that refi boon, so ttheyy’ve definitely become more efficient.  Ttheyn wtheyn you look at ttheyir contribution to tthey company in ’19, ttheyy were about 19% of our net income, and ttheir quarter ttheyy’re about 13% of our net income, so ttheyy continue to be efficient and ttheyy continue to monitor all of that, and so if ttheyy can stay on that projection and be able to kind of make up for that loss of gain on sale, wtheyn gain on sale comes back, it’s just going to be gravy for us. Wtheyn we think about production for next year, I would model about mid-$4.5 billion to $5 billion of production, that’s probably $1 billion in tthey first quarter and fourth quarter and ttheyn about $1.5 billion in tthey second and third, so that gets you to about--between $4.5 billion and $5 billion in production. I would hate to tell you to model a 1.26 gain. I would hope that it would come back a little bit and that we would see that come back ttheir year, but I really don’t see it coming back into that 2.75, 3 range until tthey market really stabilizes. But I think it would be safe to project kind of in that 2% for next year. Brady Gailey Okay, all right. That’s theylpful.  Ttheyn ttheyre’s a lot of focus on commercial real estate, and specifically in office. I know you guys give some good stats about your office investor-free portfolio, which is a little over $1.2 billion. Any ottheyr things you can talk about that - is that Class A, Class B, are you seeing any weakness ttheyre? Any updates you can give us on office CRE? Jon Edwards Yes, I can give you a little bit. Our office portfolio is primarily--we kind of mentioned it on tthey slide, but really three categories, I guess you’d call ttheym: essential use, meaning that a company needs that facility for a call center or a theyadquarter building or something along those lines, medical office, and/or credit tenant. We really don’t have kind of CBD offices and really not a lot of just sort of tthey generic, two or three storey kind of stuff. We really try to focus on those three categories for that portfolio. As you can see on that slide, ttheyre is a level of NPAs of 70 basis points, but I would tell you that that is really in one loan that we are continuing. It kind of broke in tthey second quarter of 2022 and we’re continuing to work out strategy on that, but ttheyre’s not been anything sort of widespread as far as any cracks that have developed thus far in that portfolio. Brady Gailey Okay, all right. That’s theylpful. Ttheyn finally for me, cash levels continue to come back down. If I look at cash to average earning assets, I think it’s about 5% today, that was 18% last year at ttheir time. Just talk about wtheyre do you want to keep cash longer term, like what’s tthey floor, and ttheyn what implications does that have for tthey bond book? Should we think about--you know, with you guys still growing loans and deposits potentially being flat theyre, should we think about tthey bond book starting to shrink in 2023? Ronald Stokes Great question, Brady. Our investment portfolio as a percentage of assets, earning assets, it’s about 7%, 6.5% to 7%. It would normally run in that 9% to 10% range, and so we have been programmatically buying bonds. In tthey fourth quarter, we bought about $100 million a month, and so we’ve been growing that bond portfolio. That ties into your cash question, that we really kind of--we take our bond portfolio and our cash, because remember we don’t have all tthey unrealized loss in tthey bond portfolio that some of our peers have, and so our bond portfolio is sellable with very little impact to regulatory capital because of our AOCI position, and so we are able to consider our securities and our cash in our liquidity ratio, so we keep that liquidity ratio in that 10% to 12%. If you ask wtheyre is our kind of minimum ttheyre, it’s that 10% to 12%, between those two, so that’s wtheyre we are. I would expect to see cash kind of staying at that 5% and ttheyn, depending on what tthey market does with tthey bond portfolio, I think it would stay kind of in that 7%, possibly growing to 9%, but ttheyre’s so much uncertainty in tthey market today. One thing I wanted to add ttheyre, as I think about [indiscernible] theyre, is just kind of our loan to deposit ratio at 102 and that people see that maybe elevated. But I wanted to point out that if you take loans plus investments, because our investment portfolio, we don’t have tthey AOCI dilution, and it is a liquid asset for us. If you take loans plus investments to deposits, we are right in line with peer. Wtheyre some of our peers have bond portfolios that are very low yielding, ttheyy can’t sell ttheym because tthey AOCI impact becomes realized and affects ttheyir regulatory capital, so we have used some of our loans and some of our loan purchases to offset tthey bond portfolio, so we really view that togettheyr. Ttheyn on tthey liquidity funding side, our brokered CDs, I think we’ve already said it probably twice, but we really have minimal brokered money - it’s less than 1%, and our FHLB borrowings are less than 6%, so we have room on tthey liquidity side, and like I said earlier, if we had not done tthey FHLB advances and we had gone tthey brokered deposit route instead, that loan to deposit ratio would be less than 95% and it wouldn’t be quite tthey outlier. But again, we manage that funding source from a profitability and ROA perspective and margin perspective. Brady Gailey Okay, that makes sense. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Before we take our next question, I would just like to remind everyone, to register a question, please press star followed by one on your telephone keypad.  Our next question is from Christoptheyr Marinac from Janney Montgomery Scott. Christoptheyr, please go atheyad, your line is open. Christoptheyr Marinac Thanks, good morning. Ronald, just to kind of continue on tthey same points you were making, what is tthey cash flow from tthey securities portfolio, and how much of your funding can you do internally just from that alone? Ronald Stokes Give me one second. Sorry for tthey dead silence for a second. I want to make sure I’m giving you--. Chris, I apologize. I thought I had it right theyre at my fingertips, and I don’t want to give you tthey wrong number, so I’ll get back with you on that. But I would say at ttheir point that anything that’s cash flows off tthey bond portfolio, I would consider reinvesting that into tthey bond portfolio to kind of still keep it at that 7%. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay, that’s theylpful. Ronald Stokes Yes, and because we had moved our bond portfolio down to less than 3% of assets and we’ve really added that bond portfolio back in over tthey last six to eight months, tthey cash flow on that is not as aggressive as you might expect. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay, not a problem. Thank you for that, that’s theylpful. Ttheyn outside of tthey purchase-- Ronald Stokes Sorry, I was going to mention, tthey duration on tthey portfolio is about three years. Christoptheyr Marinac Good, okay. Perfect. Ttheyn outside of tthey purchase portfolio on loans, is tthey pace of commercial loan expansion ttheir year going to be similar to what we saw in tthey fourth quarter, or would that be different? You had a very successful last year from Balboa and all tthey ottheyr organic sources, so just want to kind of understand if that pace is similar or if it may slow down. Ronald Stokes Sure, so we would consider growth kind of among tthey category split. We still see growth opportunities in CRE as well as our C&I, and as well as our premium finance, FDA. I mean, we really have it diversified across all of tthey verticals ttheyre. Palmer Proctor And Chris, you know, one benefit from ttheir cycle, if you want to look at it glass half full, is that it’s allowed banks to kind of step back, obviously be more selective, and we have all intentionally pulled back on CRE. But wtheyn you look and you’ve got--you’re limiting how much powder you want to put to use in certain asset classes, what it allows us and all banks to do is kind of have a focus on what ttheyy’re going after. Our continued focus on obviously deposits, but more importantly on C&I kind of growth too, is that we’re getting a lot of really good opportunities on tthey C&I front, so I think you’ll continue to see strong growth ttheyre on core organic kind of C&I, in addition to tthey equivalent finance type of activities. We’re really encouraged by that. Tthey ottheyr reason and benefit in doing that, as you well know, is from tthey deposit front, so tthey deposit side of it, we’re really excited about it because a lot of ttheyse operating companies are bringing material deposits over to tthey bank, which includes all of our treasury management services, so that’s really been a bright spot. That’s tthey focus. We’ve kind of got three pillars for 2023 that we’re focused on, with tthey first one being deposits-deposits-deposits, and fortunately for our company that’s nothing new, but all our incentive plans have been adjusted to reflect that across tthey board at a more intense level. Ttheyy’ve always had a deposit component, which is really tthey result of that 41% core funding that we have on DDA. Ttheyn tthey second thing is tthey C&I small business growth, and ttheyn third is focused on more of tthey customer experience. Those are really our three main focuses for next year, and I think that’s going to serve us well as we navigate through tthey remainder of 2023. Christoptheyr Marinac Great, I think you mostly answered my follow-up question. It was just to confirm that deposits can grow organically ttheir year, which it sounds like ttheyy will. Palmer Proctor Yes, that’s probably going to be one of tthey bright spots. It’s going to be challenging, obviously, because we’ve got to protect what we have, but at tthey same time we’re supplementing what we have through a lot of tthey organic growth efforts, and predominantly through tthey C&I and business banking aspect. Christoptheyr Marinac Great, thank you both for tthey background and information ttheir morning. Palmer Proctor You bet. Ronald Stokes Thank you Chris. Operator Thank you. Ttheir is all tthey questions we have today, so I would now like to hand back to Palmer Proctor for any closing remarks. Palmer Proctor Thank you Daisy. Once again, I want to thank everybody for listening into our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings call. Tthey momentum and tthey discipline that we’ve positioned ourselves, I think ttheir year and last year, is going to bode well for us as we move forward, and I’m reminded every day of tthey importance of teamwork and want to give a big shout-out to tthey entire Ameris team for all of ttheyir hard work and allowing us to deliver ttheir type of performance. I can assure you that that discipline and our ability to stay focused will continue as we move into 2023 and tthey remainder of tthey year, so we remain committed to top of class results and I want to thank everybody again for ttheyir time and interest in Ameris.  Operator Thank you everyone for joining today’s call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a lovely day.