Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Joseph Stokes - EVP & CFO Palmer Proctor - CEO Jon Edwards - EVP & CCO Conference Call Participants Eric Spector - Raymond James Brady Gailey - KBW Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler Brandon King - Truist Securities Russell Gunttheyr - Steptheyns Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Operator Thank you for standing by. My name is Ellie, and I will be your conference operator for today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome you to tthey Ameris Bancorp Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. For now, I would like to hand you over to our first speaker for today, Joseph Stokes, you may now begin tthey conference. Joseph Stokes Great. Thank you, Ellie, and thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening comments, and ttheyn I will discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open up for Q&A. But before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and tthey actual results could vary materially. We list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Palmer. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Joseph, and good morning, everyone. I appreciate you taking tthey time to join our call today. I'm very pleased with tthey second quarter financial results that we reported yesterday. I want to focus on three main things ttheir morning: first, our core profitability; second, our improving credit metrics, including a strong allowance; and third, tthey strength of our diversified balance ttheyyet. Ttheyse three measures really reflect tthey strong quarter we had and summarized tthey value in our company is what creates a positive outlook we have for tthey future. And for tthey second quarter, we reported net income of $62.6 million or $0.91 per diluted share. We recorded a $45.5 million provision for credit losses, wtheyre we once again prudently set aside reserves due to our economic model, specifically for forecasted future declines in commercial real estate pricing. Even with ttheir elevated provision expense, our ROA was almost 1% and our PPNR ROA continues to be above 2%. Ttheir is tthey second quarter in a row wtheyre we have a large provision expense driven by our forecast model and not related to credit deterioration in our loan portfolio. Our credit metrics improved ttheir quarter, which is evidenced by our lower NPA ratio of just 30 basis points, excluding tthey Ginnie Mae's and after tthey provision ttheir quarter, our allowance for credit losses, excluding unfunded commitments, represents a theyalthy 133 coverage ratio and 355% of net NPAs. Our charge-offs were 28 basis points ttheir quarter compared to 28 basis points last quarter but we had two extraordinary items, which we've got in our slide deck on Page 21. If you exclude ttheyse two items, our charge-offs actually declined for tthey quarter. And on tthey balance ttheyyet, we said last quarter, we were going to use deposit growth as a governor for our loan growth, and that's exactly what we did. Deposits grew $546 million and loans grew $474 million, approximately 40% or $189 million of that growth was in tthey mortgage warehouse lines, which we are expected to decline back down towards tthey end of tthey year. We continue to have a strong capital position in addition to having minimal impact to AOCI from our bond portfolio, our TCE ratio improved to 8.80% at tthey end of tthey quarter. And before I turn it over to Joseph for more details on tthey financials, I'd like to summarize several reasons why we're confident in our future and ability to return shareholder value. And it really begins with our continued focus on growing tangible book value, which is evidenced by our 8% annualized growth rate and tangible book value ttheir quarter. Our core profitability with an above peer PPNR ROA of over 2%, a strong balance ttheyyet with diversified earning assets in tthey strongest markets in tthey Souttheyast, a theyalthy allowance for credit losses to absorb potential economic challenges. Of course, we've got a solid granular core deposit base with low levels of uninsured uncollateralized funding. And ttheyn more importantly, a prudent culture of expense control, which is evidenced by our 53% efficiency ratio even in tthey current margin environment. And last but not least, is our solid capital and liquidity position. With that, I'll turn it over to Joseph to discuss our financial results in more detail. Joseph Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. As you mentioned for tthey second quarter, we're reporting net income of $62.6 million or $0.91 per diluted share. Our return on assets was 98 basis points, and our return on tangible common equity was 11.53%. And ttheyse were both after tthey $45.5 million provision expense -- so as Palmer mentioned, on a PPNR basis, we're still above 2% ROA. We ended tthey quarter with tangible book value of $31.42 a share. That's an increase of $0.63 or 8.2% annualized. Our tangible common equity ratio increased to 8.80% at tthey end of tthey quarter, that's compared to 8.55% at tthey end of last quarter. We continue to be well capitalized, and we feel very comfortable with our capital and our dividend levels. We do have a share repurchase program outstanding until October 31 of ttheir year. We repurchased about $8 million during tthey second quarter at an average price of $30.18, that leaves about $86.5 million left on tthey program. We don't necessarily anticipate aggressively purchasing in tthey next few months. We also redeemed about $9.5 million of our sub debt at a discount ttheir quarter after receiving regulatory approval to do so. On tthey revenue side of things, our interest income for tthey quarter increased $26.2 million over last quarter and $119.4 million from tthey second quarter of last year. In comparison, our interest expense increased $28.3 million compared to last quarter and $101.2 million compared to tthey second quarter of last year. Due to tthey rising deposit costs, our net interest margin declined 16 basis points from 3.76% last quarter to a still strong 3.60% ttheir quarter. That's exactly in line with tthey guidance we gave last quarter. It actually came in on tthey higtheyr side of our guidance. Our yield on earning assets increased 27 basis points while our cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 58 basis points. Kind of tthey contributing factor to that 16 basis point margin compression or 19 basis points of tthey negative deposit mix, that's noninterest-bearing transitioning to interest-bearing. We had seven basis points of beta catch-up on tthey deposit side. And ttheyn all of that was offset by 10 basis points of expansion due to tthey higtheyr loan yield and average balances. Total noninterest income increased by $11.3 million and total noninterest expense increased ttheir quarter by $9 million, and that's really explained in three categories. First, we had a decline in our deferred $591 million costs of about $2.5 million. Second, we had about $2.2 million increase in variable compensation related to tthey mortgage division, which was more than offset by ttheyir increased revenues. And ttheyn finally, we had an increase of $3.1 million in fraud, forgery and litigation resolution expenses. We really continue to do a good job maintaining ottheyr controllable expenses. Our adjusted efficiency ratio was 53.41% ttheir quarter. So even with tthey margin compression we were within our 52% to 55% target range. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, assets declined as expected to $25.8 billion [ph] from $26.1 billion last quarter. Total loans increased $473.9 million or 9.5% annualized. We reduced excess liquidity by about $700 million by paying off $875 million of FHLB advances early ttheir quarter. And our total deposits increased by $545.7 million during tthey quarter and that's core deposits increasing about $187.9 million and brokered CDs increasing $357.8 million. So with that, I will wrap it up by reiterating how we remain disciplined and focus on operating performance. We're optimistic about tthey remainder of '23. I certainly appreciate everyone's time today, and I'm going to turn tthey call back over to Ellie for questions from tthey group. Thank you, Ellie. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. We have our first question from Eric Spector from Raymond James. Your line is now open. Eric Spector Hey, good morning everybody. Congrats on a great quarter. Just dialing in for David Feaster theyre. I just wanted to get some more color on tthey funding side and some of tthey trends throughout tthey quarter and tthey timing of tthey noninterest-bearing outflows that was earlier in tthey quarter and wtheyttheyr ttheyy started to stabilize in May or June and how ttheyy're trending early theyre in July? Joseph Stokes Yes. So you're exactly right. We did see more aggressive movement early on in tthey quarter because remember, kind of all tthey silicon and signature and all of that noise that came in, in March. We certainly kind of saw that settle down. What we're starting to see is that not tthey big movement, I would say now we're more in tthey aspect of some of our larger customers kind of refining tthey balances that ttheyy need in ttheyir operating account and maybe moving just a little bit of that excess. So we've certainly seen that slow, but that's really good. Tthey 90-day question theyre is what is -- wtheyre does noninterest-bearing stabilize? And we're still 33% of our total deposits. Ttheyy are noninterest-bearing, which is very robust. And we feel like if we can continue to keep that in that 30% to 33% range, that would be a win. Eric Spector Got it. I appreciate tthey color. And ttheyn I just wanted to get your thoughts on loan growth and wtheyre you're still seeing risk-adjusted returns and loan yields are trending? And wtheyn you expect to continue to see loan growth throughout tthey year and into next year. Just curious if you could provide any color from that end? Palmer Proctor Yes, good question. I think what you'll see is a lot of our growth is reflected in tthey slide deck came from some of tthey increased lending we had in our mortgage warehouse, and that reflects more of tthey seasonality in tthey business, which we kind of touctheyd on last quarter that tthey mortgage volume has a tendency to kind of revert back to more theirtorical times wtheyre we have more seasonality, second and third quarter are generally very strong for that business. In tthey fourth quarter I would expect that to moderate -- so that was really -- if you back that out of our run rate ttheyre in terms of production, it puts us right back in that kind of mid-single-digit growth rate, which is wtheyre we'll probably end up around tthey end of tthey year. So I don't expect to see any increased growth above and beyond that. And in terms of tthey yields on tthey portfolios, yes, I think -- which is similar to what you're probably theyaring from a lot of ottheyr peer banks, we're getting a lot of ttheyir yields on tthey portfolio across tthey board, and you name tthey vertical, and we're all getting better yields and getting better deposits. So I think that discipline is in place and has been but that's certainly a relief to us just given all tthey deposit pressures that are out in tthey market. Eric Spector Got it. Got it. Thanks. And ttheyn I guess just going off of funding costs and loan growth obviously, margin is not, it is an output, not an input, but just given rapidly rising funding costs. Just curious how you think about tthey NII, NIM trajectory theyre going forward? Just assuming no more rate hikes, I don't know what you guys have in your assumptions, but just curious how you think about that NIM trajectory from theyre? Joseph Stokes Yes. So we do not have any more rate -- we don't have any rate assumptions built into our guidance. So ttheir is based on flat rates. We have programmatically gotten our balance ttheyyet to be about as close to neutral as what we can get. We are about 1% plus or minus in those of plus or minus 100 fields. So very, very close to neutral. I would say that tthey real question of driver of margin is exactly your first question is that noninterest-bearing mix. So for us, about every $100 million that goes from noninterest bearing and you have to assume it goes somewtheyre. So wtheyttheyr that goes in like a higtheyr rate CD or an FHLB advance or even higtheyr money markets, assuming that it goes into tthey higtheyr of that -- kind of a higtheyr CD, every $100 million of movement ttheyre is about two basis points on tthey margin. So I certainly do not think -- I think we're very pleased with tthey 360 margin that I don't -- I'm not ready to say that we've trougtheyd even though we're very close to neutral, I just think that, that movement from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing as well as competitor pressure and what some of our competitors are doing can still cause some pressure on tthey deposit side. So I feel like anything that we're going to get -- that we're going to gain on tthey loan repricing side, we will probably be giving up on tthey deposit side. Again, don't think that we've hit tthey bottom yet, even though tthey model may show it, I think tthey practicality of what's going on in tthey market can cause a little bit more compression over tthey next few quarters. Eric Spector Got it. I appreciate tthey color. And just one last question and ttheyn I'll step back. Just on expenses, how do you think about tthey good core expense run rate and how you juggle ttheyse costs at ttheir point, obviously, with NII pressures versus continued investment in tthey franctheire? Thanks for taking tthey questions. Joseph Stokes Sure. Ttheyre are definitely some things that are on tthey move. Wtheyre we've seen kind of wage inflation stabilized over tthey last nine months. What we are anticipating, and it's probably more of a 2024 expense, is some of tthey benefit side. Just with theyalth care costs, we anticipate some of tthey benefit costs going up for next year. We're already in that modeling. And so while we do a really good job of controlling expenses, I do see kind of a -- I think we've guided really no difference than we've guided before, kind of that 3% to 5% increase in expenses next year. And that -- again, we do a good job controlling what we can, but between tthey increased FDIC insurance costs and ttheyn also kind of theyalth insurance and some of those benefit costs. We're still in that kind of 3% to 5%. And again, that excluding kind of tthey variable cost of mortgage. So if you kind of take out tthey mortgage and look at everything else, that's wtheyre I would guide that 3% to 5% increase in noninterest expense. Eric Spector Got it. Thank you. Congrats again on a good quarter. Joseph Stokes Great, thank you. Operator We have our next question coming from Brady Gailey from KBW. Your line is now open. Brady Gailey So I theyard tthey expense guidance for next year, but I was just wondering wtheyn you look at expenses in tthey second quarter, ttheyy were a little theyavy. I know you called out a couple of one-timers like I think fraud was up -- but wtheyn you look at tthey back half of ttheir year, how do you think about expenses? Like could expenses take a step down in dollars in tthey third quarter relative to 2Q just because 2Q had a couple of one-timers? Joseph Stokes Yes. I'm glad that is exactly tthey messaging -- is that we did have ttheyse three one-timers or two. I don't know that tthey deferred FAS 91 fee. I think that will continue. But as far as tthey mortgage was variable. So wtheyn mortgage production comes back down kind of in tthey fourth quarter, so I think third quarter would be similar to second quarter and ttheyn stepping down in tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn tthey fraud, forgery and again tthey litigation resolution, that would be a nonrecurring or not expected to recur. Brady Gailey Okay. All right. And ttheyn I know you guys have guided to an efficiency ratio of 52% to 55%. As tthey margin has been coming down, like it did in tthey last three quarters, tthey efficiency ratio has gone from 50% to 52%, now 54%. Like it feels like just given tthey revenue theyadwinds, I mean, for you guys and for tthey industry. I think it feels like that efficiency ratio could potentially slip above that range in tthey near-term. Is that -- do you think that's possible? Or is ttheyre stuff you can do like cost cutting on tthey expense side to keep it at 55% or below? Joseph Stokes Yes, our target is still that 55%. And while it did creep up a little bit more, and I think even wtheyn you go back to last year wtheyn we gave tthey guidance -- started at 52% to 55%, people said that's a really big range. What is tthey difference ttheyre? And we even said that's really wtheyre we see our margin. 52% would be depending upon what rates do and really a stronger margin, 55% would be depending on rates and a lower margin. So our forecast still has us in that 52% to 55%, obviously, closer to tthey 55%, and wtheyn you take out some of ttheyse one-offs ttheir quarter, that 53.5% kind of comes down closer to 53%. So we're halfway between tthey -- we're actually on tthey lower end of tthey 52% to 55%. So goal is still to stay under that 55% by tthey end of tthey year -- for tthey remainder of ttheir year. Brady Gailey Okay. And ttheyn finally for me, I mean, tthey reserve took anottheyr step up ttheir quarter. It's a pretty robust level now. How do you think about continued reserve build from theyre? Do you think that if macro factors continue to decline a little bit, you'll see some more reserve build? Or do you feel like you really kind of front-loaded it and you're going to be happy with wtheyre is that for tthey near-term? Joseph Stokes Yes. Our 98% of our provision for ttheir quarter is really model-driven that's coming from tthey CRE pricing index. We use a one year economic forecast. So I feel like until tthey forecast model starts showing some improvement versus declining CRE prices. And until it starts showing improving economic conditions, reserve builds could continue depending upon tthey forecast. But again, it's all driven kind of by that forecast. Ttheir was not qualitative factors that drove ttheir. Ttheir was model driven. Operator We have our next question from Casey Whitman from Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. Casey Whitman So piggybacking on some of tthey earlier questions, we may not hit tthey bottom for tthey margin, but do you think that with loan growth that we maybe have reactheyd an inflection point wtheyre we might see NII stabilize or start to grow from tthey second quarter level in tthey back half of tthey year? Or do you think that's a little too optimistic? Joseph Stokes I think that we should definitely see NII stabilizing and potentially increasing. But again, so much of that is based on that -- on tthey deposit side. And I would say 80% of my guidance is untheysitant because of tthey shift of noninterest-bearing to interest bearing. That's really tthey wildcard in all ttheir. If we could maintain tthey mix that we have and grow deposits at that mix, ttheyn even margin could not take a dig of a trough. So I think we're on NII as a trough and potential growth. But again, it's really that deposit cost side is wtheyre we're more focused. We're seeing tthey pickup on tthey asset side as expected. I think what wasn't expected was all of tthey deposit pressure and tthey media pressure on tthey deposit side. And I don't think that's any different than any ottheyr -- what you're theyaring from your ottheyr banks, probably. Palmer Proctor But tthey good news ttheyre is to, Casey, what we're seeing, at least in most of our markets, which are theyavy growth markets, as you know, is that tthey rate wars in terms of a lot of tthey specials that were offered out ttheyre, those are all maturing or expiring in terms of tthey sign-up dates for those for some of tthey more aggressive banks out ttheyre. So that funding pressure, at least in most of our urban markets is subsided. And so with that most people that have moved money have already moved it. So I think that we're hopefully getting towards tthey end of that era, which should benefit all of us in terms of a more relaxed deposit environment in terms of pricing. Casey Whitman Yes. Okay. Good to theyar. And ttheyn Palmer, can you walk us through just how you're thinking about and weighing uses of capital theyre now with tthey stock rebound? Palmer Proctor Yes. I think you all saw, we did have a buybacks ttheir quarter, which is hard not to do wtheyn we're trading below tangible book value at tthey time and it's accretive to tangible book obviously non-dilutive. So we did have a small buyback. But for us, it's tthey capital preservation, we're very comfortable wtheyre tthey dividend is. We do have tthey buybacks in place, that arrows in our quiver, but I don't anticipate any activity ttheyre ttheir quarter. So right now, it's more about tthey capital preservation as we go forward. Joseph Stokes Ellie, our operator, are we ready for tthey next question? Operator Your next question comes from Brandon King with Truist Securities. Your line is open. Brandon King So I wanted to get more insight into your funding strategy going forward. What is kind of tthey expectation for broker deposits from theyre? Are you looking to kind of grow broker deposits? Or do you think you can achieve more of your growth through -- more of those core deposits? Joseph Stokes Tthey goal and tthey intent is absolutely to grow core deposits. And you've talked about kind of tthey mortgage warehouse lines, and how those grew and about 40% of our loan growth was that to kind of think about that being funded by some of tthey broker, but really, tthey core we've said that, within our company that we are going to let deposit growth kind of be tthey governor on loan growth. And we are aiming for core deposit growth, not necessarily brokered. Having said that we're still only at about 8% brokers. So ttheyre's room if we needed it from a liquidity standpoint, but tthey intent is to grow core deposits. Brandon King Got you. So I'm just assuming mortgage warehouse is stronger again in tthey third quarter, we could see an uptick in brokerage, right? Joseph Stokes We would look at brokered or FHLB. And ttheyn remember, on our balance ttheyyet, typically, near tthey end of tthey third quarter and fourth quarter, we end up having a lot of cyclical municipal money come in. So that would kind of start to slow in tthey remainder of ttheir year as well, kind of in tthey third quarter and fourth quarter. So that's anottheyr funding source for us. Brandon King Okay. And could you also remind us for tthey municipal money, what sort of rates that come on tthey balance ttheyyet? Joseph Stokes Yes. We typically is very competitive with what our current spot cost would be. So money markets in that 2.5%, 3% now that 1.50% to 1.75%, savings around 1%, so I do want to do savings. But those were kind of our spot cost at quarter end. So assuming that those stay fairly level with no change in Fed rates. We would expect those municipals to maybe a little bit less because ttheyy are collateralized. Brandon King Okay. And I'm assuming those will theylp maybe potentially pay down some broker deposits, what is kind of tthey duration of tthey local deposits? And what are you expecting to mature later ttheir year? Joseph Stokes Yes. We have those structures. So ttheyy're very structured, and we have a certain amount maturing every month so that as we're able to grow core deposits, we can pay those off. But we haven't structured it's not very -- it's not like one big lumpy broker. We haven't staggered, from now to tthey end of tthey year to be able to do our ratio kind of in that 11% is wtheyre we're targeting. Brandon King Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I wanted to ask about tthey office loan that was charged off. Could you give us a sense of how large that loan was, and kind of what were tthey potential unique factors regarding that situation compared to tthey rest of your office portfolio? Palmer Proctor Okay, Brandon, tthey loan itself is something that we've been kind of in one part of collection or anottheyr for a little over a year. So it really has been something we've dealt with for a while. Tthey original loan amount was in excess or right around tthey $10 million mark. So it's a smaller property relative to maybe what you have in mind, but it was an acquired loan. Wtheyn we get down to tthey final foreclosure on it, we updated our appraisal as an empty building is sort of a conservative approach on that, even though ttheyre is a tenant in ttheyre. And at tthey time that we did that and moved it finally into OREO, we took that write down on it. But it is something that's been, I guess tthey difference maker ttheyre is that tthey collection efforts on that started really over a year ago. So it's not really indicative of kind of wtheyre our office is overall. Brandon King Okay. That's very theylpful. That's all I had. Thanks for taking my questions. Joseph Stokes Thank you, Brandon. Operator Your next question comes from Russell Gunttheyr with Steptheyns. Your line is open. Russell Gunttheyr Hey, good morning guys. Just a quick follow-up on tthey loan growth discussion. I think you mentioned sort of a mid-single-digit core target for tthey back half of tthey year. Just any color you could share in terms of what's going to drive that from a mix perspective? Palmer Proctor Yes. I think what you'll see is, obviously, tthey mortgage warehouse will moderate towards tthey end of tthey year, which is a big part of tthey growth you saw that was in excess of tthey mid-single-digits. But it will be pretty even across tthey board. We're still seeing and still have good opportunities in C&I and some owner-occupied CRE and ttheyn obviously, mortgage and some of tthey equipment finance. So I think it's -- tthey growth in all those areas is going to be pretty consistent. It won't be concentrated in any one area ottheyr than as we talked about with tthey mortgage warehouse. Russell Gunttheyr Okay. Great. Thanks Palmer. And ttheyn just switching gears, last couple for me from a net charge-off perspective. So just curious on what came out of Balboa with ttheir quarter. Was it just that tthey $2.3 million that was charged off or was ttheyre kind of additional losses ttheyre. As a follow-up, I would be curious as a reminder as to what you think from a kind of lifetime loss perspective is for that portfolio? Jon Edwards Yes. Tthey losses in tthey Equipment Finance division actually in tthey second quarter were almost spot on what ttheyy were in tthey first quarter, which was about $9.9 million, so tthey $2.3 million was extraordinary, as Palmer mentioned earlier, that it really was a group of nonperforming loans that were 100% reserved at tthey acquisition date, and we went through collection efforts over that -- since that time and decided that, that had kind of run its course and that we decided that those loans -- tthey remaining balance of those loans we charge those off. So ttheyy didn't really impact earnings in that regard. And so tthey net of that particular extraordinary item would really drive tthey losses in tthey second quarter in equipment finance down. Tthey whole portfolio is somewhat of a barometer of tthey business cycle. That's a little bit tthey reason why we've got a little higtheyr amount of charge-off run rate today than we saw last year. But I don't anticipate that it's certainly would grow from ttheir point. I think it's stable to probably trending a little bit lower going forward. So it certainly is well managed. And somewhat anticipated -- well, it was anticipated wtheyn we did due diligence back 18 months ago that we would bring on additional losses. I guess tthey opposite side of that, just to be fair about it, is that tthey going on rate for new business is a little bit sub-13%. So we do have tthey offset revenue side, which is what is contributing to keeping us above 2% PPNR. So I need to kind of balance tthey one against tthey ottheyr. Russell Gunttheyr Understood. And I appreciate tthey color ttheyre. And ttheyn just last one as a follow-up. As you think about tthey bank as a whole, how are you guys thinking about potential net charge-off range for kind of ttheir year and next? Palmer Proctor That's a great question. And tthey pre-pandemic normal, I guess, if you try to pull out a bit of normal for us, pre-pandemic was around 19 basis points for tthey five years or so that preceded tthey pandemic. And so I think that 18 to 25 basis points is likely to be kind of tthey normal for us in a normal business environment. So I think that's sort of what I would look at -- is a normalized rate. Russell Gunttheyr Okay. Great. That's it for me guys. Thanks for taking my question. Joseph Stokes Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Christoptheyr Marinac with Janney Montgomery Scott. Your line is open. Christoptheyr Marinac Thanks. Good morning. I just want to keep on tthey ttheyme of Balboa. What should tthey risk-adjusted losses be for that portfolio as we go forward as tthey charge-offs to modify a little bit as you just said, and ttheyn also kind of as loan yields reset for tthey portfolio? Palmer Proctor That's a great question. So wtheyn we -- I guess ttheyre's a couple of different numbers to share with you on that, Chris, we modeled it in tthey 1.5% range is kind of tthey five years preceding tthey acquisition date. Last year, we achieved much less than that. But if you take sort of tthey 19 months since tthey acquisition in early December of 2021 and take all of tthey losses we've had and annualize it back, it's about $180 million. So wtheyn you take it in a longer outlook, I guess, than just tthey quarter or tthey month, that kind of thing, ttheyn you start seeing more normalized rates. I think that that on a three to five-year sort of average, we're probably going to see that number, that's kind of 1.8% to maybe 2.2% is sort of a fluctuation, but sort of more normalized, especially from what we saw in tthey first quarter or first half of ttheir year. And remember, we did have tthey collateral, tthey primary losses were coming out of loan secured by trucks, medium-duty trucks. And so we did have a glut of those, which drove down tthey valuation of that wtheyn we took those to sell. So a little bit of strengttheyning ttheyre will impact tthey losses also. So ttheyre are several things. But I think in terms of sort of longer run, you're probably looking at kind of that 1.8% to 2.2%. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. That's really theylpful. And going back to 2021, ttheir really was a surrogate for not bank securities. So you're still way atheyad of that from that deployment of excess cash. Jon Edwards Absolutely. Palmer Proctor Absolutely. Christoptheyr Marinac My follow-up just has to go back to tthey deposit base and maybe Joseph, as deposits kind of stabilize in terms of rates over tthey next few quarters. What should tthey kind of average relationship be? And is it in that four, five year category on average for all of your customer relationships? Or is it longer in some cases? Joseph Stokes It is longer. We actually did an analysis. And interestingly, it's split almost one-third, one-third, one-third, is that one-third are very, very long-time customers. Ttheyy go back many, many years. And ttheyn about one-third is kind of in tthey last kind of in between like tthey last five years prior to tthey pandemic. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr one-third is kind of new since tthey pandemic. It's one-third, one-third, one-third, almost evenly split. So we definitely have some long tenure in our deposit portfolio, which is part of why it's so granular and why our average balance is so small, and we don't have a large, lumpy deposits. I mean we are just very much core funded. Palmer Proctor You would have [indiscernible] 50-year-old bank to have some of that. So wtheyn you look at our 10-year plus, ttheyre's a huge swap of -- that's about one-third of it. And ttheyn as Joseph said, ttheyn you have your five to 10 is anottheyr one-third and ttheyn less than that. So it is very granular. Christoptheyr Marinac Super. Thank you for that. That's very theylpful. Joseph Stokes Thank you. Operator Seeing no furttheyr questions, I will now turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Palmer Proctor Great. Thank you very much, and I'd like to thank everybody again for listening to our second quarter earnings call. Clearly, our discipline in creating strength in tthey balance ttheyyet, tthey loans, deposits and capital as well as our core profitability and stable credit metrics that's positioned us well for tthey future. And we've got tthey skill set. We've got tthey markets, and we certainly have tthey talent to execute on our strategies, and we remain committed to top class results. But I want to thank everybody again for your time and your interest at Ameris. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your attendance. You may now disconnect.