Ameris Bancorp (NASDAQ:ABCB) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call October 29, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Alan Stokes - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Palmer Proctor - Chief Executive Officer Jon Edwards - Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer Conference Call Participants Brady Gailey - KBW Casey Whitman - Piper Sandler Kevin Fitzsimmons - D.A. Davidson David Feaster - Raymond James Christoptheyr Marinac - Janney Montgomery Scott Brody Preston - Steptheyns Inc. Operator Good morning or good afternoon, all and welcome to tthey Ameris Bank Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Adam and I will be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to Alan Stokes, Chief Financial Officer to begin. So, Alan, please go atheyad wtheyn you are ready.  Alan Stokes Great. Thank you, Adam. And thank you to all who have joined our call today. During tthey call, we will be referencing tthey press release and tthey financial highlights that are available on tthey Investor Relations section of our website at amerisbank.com. I'm joined today by Palmer Proctor, our CEO; and Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer. Palmer will begin with some opening general comments and ttheyn I'll discuss tthey details of our financial results before we open it up for Q&A. But before we begin, I'll remind you that our comments may include forward-looking statements. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Tthey actual results could vary materially. We'll list some of tthey factors that might cause results to differ in our press release and in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, early developments or ottheyrwise, except as required by law. Also during tthey call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in reference to tthey company's performance. You can see our reconciliation of ttheyse measures and our GAAP financial measures in tthey appendix to our presentation. And with that, I'll turn it over to Palmer for opening comments. Palmer Proctor Thank you, Alan, and good morning everyone. I want to thank you all for taking time to join us ttheir morning for our third quarter 2021 earnings call. We were very pleased with tthey third quarter and tthey momentum that we have with tthey loan production, tthey growth and tthey financial results. Alan is going to update you on some of tthey detailed results in a few minutes, but I did want to hit a few highlights for tthey quarter, as well as a few ottheyr successes, which positively impact our outlook as we go forward. For tthey quarter, we earned $83.9 million or $1.20 per diluted share on an adjusted basis. And ttheir represented a 1.51% return on average assets and a 17.65% return on tangible equity. For tthey year-to-date period, we earned $287.2 million or $4.12 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, which is a significant increase from tthey $2.86 reported in tthey same period last year. Tthey 2021 results represent a year-to-date ROA of 1.79% and tthey year-to-date return on average tangible equity of 21.38%. Our adjusted efficiency ratio ttheir quarter was 56.56%, an increase from tthey 54.07% last quarter due to certain non-recurring expenses during tthey quarter. And that said our year year-to-date efficiency ratio is 55.05%. It should return below 55% by tthey end of tthey year. We remain very encouraged by our organic growth, both on tthey loan and deposit side and exclusive of PPP runoff loans grew over $250 million or 7% annualized during tthey quarter. And that leaves our year-to-date annualized loan growth at 8.7% and excluding PPP runoff in 3.2%, including PPP runoff. We still expect to see mid to upper single digit loan growth for tthey year based on our pipelines and opportunities within our growth markets. On tthey deposit side, we continue to see a lot of success ttheyre and growing non-interest bearing deposits, which now account for over 40% of our total deposits. Alan is going to discuss our excess liquidity and tthey impact, obviously it has on tthey margin in more detail in a few minutes, but I did want to mention tthey continued success we have ttheyre on tthey deposit front. On tthey capital side of tthey balance ttheyyet, our capital position remained strong. We've consistently said that we're very focused on tangible book value growth, and ttheir quarter was no different. I'm happy to report. We grew tangible book value by over $1 per share or 3.8% during tthey third quarter alone. And we'd grown tangible book value by $3.77 or almost 16% for tthey year so far. And ttheir equates to over 20% annualized growth rate and tangible book value, which is very meaningful. Our TCE ratio increased to 8.8%, very close to our 9% goal. And if you exclude tthey $3 billion of excess liquidity on our balance ttheyyet, tthey TCE ratio would have been well over 10%. So, clearly, we have ample capital support our growth initiatives and consider opportunistic transactions.  While we remain focused on capital preservation, we did announce as many of you may have seen in our release that our Board approved extending our share repurchase program through October 31st of next year. We did repurchase 6.5 million during tthey third quarter. And that leaves approximately 79 million left on that program. And while we don't anticipate executing on ttheir during tthey remainder of 2021, we do like having tthey optionality that tthey right opportunity presents itself. As our dividend, we still remain very comfortable with wtheyre our dividends are today. Jon Edwards, our Chief Credit Officer is with us today, and they's certainly available to take any credit questions after our prepared remarks. But I wanted to hit a few highlights in terms of credit. For tthey quarter, we had net recoveries of $127,000. So tthey zero charge-off ratio compared to 2.6 million of net charge-offs last quarter seven basis points. Our non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets was consistent with last quarter 32 basis points. Loans that remain on deferral at tthey end of tthey quarter were approximately 0.6% of total loans, which down from approximately 4.3% of total loans ttheir same time last year. Our allowance coverage ratio, excluding unfunded commitments was 1.18%, net of our PPP loans at tthey end of tthey quarter. And I'll tell you, despite tthey uncertainty, that's still in tthey economy out ttheyre, we continue to see very strong asset quality and solid growth opportunities in our markets for tthey remainder of ttheir year and tthey investments that we made last year and over tthey last 18 months in both technology and talent continue to propel our incremental growth and really theylps us to furttheyr leverage our platform. And that certainly has theylped us eliminate any dependency on recent hires or future hires to deliver our growth targets. And that's a meaningful distinction for our company. But I'll stop ttheyre and now turn over to Alan to discuss our financial results in more detail. Alan Stokes Great. Thank you, Palmer. So, for tthey third quarter, we're reporting net income of $81.7 million or $1.17 per diluted share on an adjusted basis. We earned $83.9 million or $1.20 per diluted share wtheyn you exclude tthey servicing asset impairment, tthey loss on bank premises and tthey merger charges. For tthey year-to-date period, we are reporting net income of $295 million or $4.23 per diluted share on an adjusted basis. We earned $287.2 million or $4.12 per diluted share wtheyn you exclude those same items I just mentioned. We were pleased with our operating ratios. Our adjusted return on assets in tthey third quarter was 1.51%. And our year-to-date adjusted ROA was 1.79%. Our adjusted return on tangible common equity was 17.65% for tthey quarter and 21.38% for tthey year-to-date period. As Palmer mentioned, tangible book value increased by $1.01 or 3.8%. That was from $26.45 at tthey end of tthey second quarter to $27.46 at tthey end of ttheir quarter. For tthey year-over-year comparing September 30 last year to September 30 ttheir year, our tangible book value had increased $5 per share or over 22% from $22.46 ttheir time last year. In addition, our tangible common equity ratio increased five basis points to 8.88% million. Ttheir increased 61 basis points over tthey past year from 8.27% ttheir time last year. We have approximately $3 million of excess liquidity on our balance ttheyyet, and that negatively impacted ttheir ratio by 144 basis points. So, if you took that cash out of our assets, our TCE ratio would have been about 10.32% at quarter end, which was well above our stated target of 9%. We continue to be well capitalized, and we feel comfortable with our capital and dividend ratios. Moving onto our net interest income and tthey margin. As you can see on slide eight, our net interest income has remained fairly stable since last year. But tthey thing that we're really proud of, if you look at our net interest income, exclusive of accretion and PPP kind of getting to that core NII, it increased $3.4 million ttheir quarter over last quarter and $1.7 million ttheir quarter over tthey last -- ttheir time last year. And that shows a real positive trend as people have wondered what happens wtheyn PPP runs off. Our net interest margin declined by 12 basis points ttheir quarter from 3.34% to 3.22%. Our yield on earning assets declined 14 basis points, but our funding costs theylped offset that by two basis points. Wtheyn we look at tthey margin, we really have four factors. So eight basis points of our margin squeeze came from our excess liquidity that continued to add ttheir quarter, three basis points came from compression from tthey -- or three basis points of tthey compression came from tthey $2 million decline in PPP income, and ttheyn ttheyre was anottheyr about three basis points of decline related to tthey accretion income decline. And so that's about tthey 14 basis points of asset compression offset by two basis points of improvement in our funding costs. So tthey point ttheyre is, excluding tthey excess liquidity, our margin would have only declined about three to four basis points for tthey quarter. And all of that is attributable to tthey PPP and accretion decline. Also on slide eight, you can see tthey table to tthey left, tthey $3 billion of excess liquidity and what it's done to our margin ratio. It accounts for about 42 basis points total of tthey negative compression from one year ago. So, we remain focused on our deposit costs, and we continue to grind ttheym down. We still have some room for improvement in tthey CD portfolio, but tthey real driver to an improving margin is putting that excess liquidity to work. We continue to anticipate net loan growth net of PTP activity next year in tthey high single digits, kind of that 7% to 9% range, which is about $1 billion to $1.3 billion of loan growth. That leaves about $1.8 billion of excess cash to prepare for our deposit runoff. And ttheyn also to begin buying investments and to fund opportunistic if ottheyr investments become available. Moving onto provision. We reversed about $9.7 million of provision expense for tthey quarter, and that really was due to an improvement in tthey economy, specifically home prices and tthey CRE index and ttheyn our own improved credit quality ttheir quarter, with that Palmer mentioned tthey recovery versus charge-offs theylped offset tthey need for additional provisions on our loan growth.  Our ending allowance for loan losses was $171.2 million compared to tthey $175.1 million at tthey end of last quarter. And including tthey unfunded commitment reserve and allowance for ottheyr credit losses, our total allowance for credit losses was $188.2 million at quarter-end. Non-interest income declined $12.7 million ttheir quarter due to decreases in mortgage banking activity. As shown on slide 11, tthey retail mortgage originations now represent 17% of our pre-provision pretax income for tthey third quarter, and that was down from 49% ttheir time last year. Production in tthey retail mortgage group declined about 14% to $2.1 billion for tthey quarter. And similar to last quarter, our non-interest expenses declined about 8% or $4.4 million in tthey retail mortgage division. Tthey average gain on sale increased to 3.17% for tthey quarter compared to 2.77% last quarter. And tthey open pipeline -- ttheir is encouraging -- tthey open pipeline at tthey end of tthey third quarter was $1.9 billion compared to $1.7 billion at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Total non-interest expenses increased by $1.4 million from tthey $135.8 million last quarter to tthey $137 million ttheir quarter. But excluding tthey loss on bank premises and tthey merger charges, non-interest expense actually declined $120,000. As I mentioned, mortgage revenue -- net mortgage expenses declined about $4.4 million during tthey quarter, but those savings were offset by increases in ottheyr areas, including enterprise-wide services and support staff. A lot of those increases -- tthey majority of those increases were related to increased legal and professional fees and ottheyr one-time expenses that are not expected to be recurring. Because of ttheyse non-recurring expenses, our adjusted efficiency ratio for tthey quarter was 56.56% versus 54.7% last quarter, but we do expect that it will return to under 55% by tthey end of tthey year. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we ended tthey quarter with assets of $22.5 billion compared to $21.9 billion at tthey end of last quarter. We really were pleased with our organic loan growth of $43.7 million, which is above 1% for tthey third quarter. But as you can see on slide 16, we had $471 million of theyadwind against $515 million growth in CRE, C&I, premium finance and residential. PPP loans declined $208 million and indirect loans declined $72 million. So, excluding that PPP runoff, our loan growth was about 7% annualized. We have about $280 million of PPP loans left, and we have about $325 million of indirect loans left. So, we really anticipate tthey theyadwind from tthey runoff in both of ttheyse portfolios to subside early next year. While I'm on TPP, just a quick update ttheyre. We've received payments and forgiveness of just over $1 billion on round one, leaving tthey outstanding balance ttheyre at just $21 million. And ttheyn tthey round two, we have a balance of about $259 million. Tthey average balance of PPP loans in tthey second quarter -- I'm sorry -- in tthey third quarter was $377 million compared to an average balance in tthey second quarter of $708 million. We have about $14.7 million left of deferred fee income on tthey PPT loan, which, again, we anticipate amortizing into income over tthey next three quarters. So, we already discussed tthey excess liquidity that you can see in our ottheyr earning assets on tthey balance ttheyyet due to tthey tremendous deposit growth we saw ttheir quarter. Deposits grew $575 million. But tthey real key theyre is that non-interest bearing deposits grew $633 million, and our interest bearing decreased about $58 million. As Palmer mentioned, our non-interest bearing are now over 40% of our total deposits. Ttheir is just really key as our bankers have continued to grow non-interest bearing deposits to fund that future growth. And I said last quarter, we do anticipate some deposit runoff as life starts to get back to normal post-pandemic and as rates potentially rise. So with that, I will wrap it up. I appreciate everyone's time today. I want to turn tthey call back over to Adam for any questions from tthey group. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Brady Gailey from KBW. Brady, please go atheyad. Brady Gailey Hey. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Palmer Proctor Good morning, Brady. Brady Gailey I just wanted to start with mortgage fees. If you back out tthey noise related to tthey MSR, mortgage fees were down about 17% linked-quarter, which is a little more than I thought ttheyy would be. So, maybe just any kind of comment on that decline? Did it surprise you guys? And how are you thinking about mortgage as we theyad into 2022? I know it's a tough thing to predict. Alan Stokes Sure, Freddy -- Brady. Tthey -- sorry about that. We're learning a new system on our end with tthey conference call. So, I picked up tthey round name, sorry, Brady. So, on tthey mortgage revenue side, a lot of that has to do with timing and tthey large production that we had in tthey second quarter and tthey acceleration of some sales in tthey second quarter. So that did drive down a little bit. It's not necessarily tthey third quarter -- it affected tthey third quarter because tthey second quarter was so elevated, that timing issue. So we do -- as I said, tthey production was down about 14% and revenue was down 17%, but some of that again was tthey timing issue. So, we anticipate that pair-off that we discussed in tthey press release to go back up a little bit next quarter, and it should rebound. Palmer Proctor And more importantly, too, Brady, I think everybody saw tthey improvement in tthey margin ttheyre. That bounced back to over 3%, we were down at 2.75%, I think, last quarter. So, between tthey production and tthey margin, we feel very positive about fourth quarter in terms of mortgage, but a lot of mortgages, as you all know, is about timing, and we had tthey opportunity to have some meaningful sales at tthey end of second quarter that obviously impacted third quarter. Brady Gailey All right. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, Alan, I noticed that ottheyr expenses were up about $7 million linked-quarter. Was ttheyre anything notable in ottheyr expenses ttheir quarter? Alan Stokes We did. We had some one-time, what we call our one-time expenses. We settled an old legal suit. So we had some additional professional fees related to that and ttheyn tthey settlement. And so, we don't expect those to recur. And ttheyn, we also had -- like we talked about tthey -- some lease expense that we're getting out of. And ttheyn also tthey state tax, if you notice our tax rate increased slightly ttheir quarter. That's due to a state tax liability. That was just a one-time thing and that we expect that to go back as well. Brady Gailey Okay. All right. And ttheyn, tthey last one for me. I know we've talked about an efficiency ratio of 53% to 55% for you guys. Is that still tthey way you're thinking about it as we theyad into 2022? Alan Stokes It is. We are still targeting below 55%. Brady Gailey Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Palmer Proctor Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Casey Whitman of Piper Sandler. Casey, your line is open. Please go atheyad. Casey Whitman Good morning. Palmer Proctor Good morning, Casey. Alan Stokes Good morning, Casey. Casey Whitman Good morning. Just wondering, maybe if you can give us sort of how we should think about if we look at just tthey core net interest income without PPP and without accretion, sort of given your growth -- loan growth outlook for next year, sort of what's a reasonable outlook for -- what we could see growth in that core and net interest income next year? Is it kind of mid single digits? Or is that too low? Alan Stokes So, thank you, Casey. I think a lot of that -- I'm going to talk real quick just kind of -- if rates are flat. That's one of tthey things that our bankers have done a tremendous job. And wtheyn you see ttheir quarter and you see excluding that PPP and accretion, that we've actually been able to grow our NII. So, we do have a little bit more room on tthey deposit side. Ttheir quarter, we saw about two basis points of NIM defense coming from tthey deposit side. We still have a little bit more room ttheyre on mostly tthey CD side. So that should theylp stabilize some of tthey compression that we might see from tthey loan side. So, wtheyn you think about tthey yield curve steepening or -- and tthey Fed tightening, and we start to see maybe some upward movement ttheyre. We are asset sensitive and we've positioned ourselves that way. So, again, about 100 basis point move is about $44 million of NII increase for us. So, you can say as we really start to see that at about tthey 50 basis point bump wtheyn we start to get in between 25 and 50 basis points of improvement in tthey yield curve with tthey Fed move is wtheyn we'll start really seeing some increased movement on our NII as well. Casey Whitman Okay. Understood. And just to tighten up to tthey loan growth guide, I theyard a mid to upper and ttheyn a 7% to 9% range. Is that -- is tthey mid to upper kind of how you're thinking about for ttheir year and ttheyn potentially getting closer to that 7% to 9% range for next year? Just to be clear. Thanks. Alan Stokes That's right. That's exactly right. Ttheir year is kind of in that 5% to 7% range and ttheyn next year is coming in that 7% to 9%. And a lot of that is because of tthey theyadwind of tthey indirect and tthey PPP. Casey Whitman I am assuming out next year. I'll let some one else move [ph]. Thanks. Alan Stokes Great. Thank you, Casey. Operator Our next question comes from Kevin Fitzsimmons from D.A. Davidson. Kevin, please go atheyad. Kevin Fitzsimmons Hey. Good morning, everyone. Alan Stokes Good morning, Kevin. Palmer Proctor Good morning, Kevin. Kevin Fitzsimmons I was wondering if you could -- and apologies if I missed it, if you talked quite a bit about tthey margin and tthey drivers for it. Anything you can -- however you want to characterize it, reported margin, core margin in terms of how you're looking out over -- into fourth quarter and ttheyn into next year? And ttheyn, Alan, I guess, I would -- a very important part of that, obviously, is tthey excess liquidity and what you do with it. So, maybe kind of a tangential question is, do you plan to get a little more aggressive on deploying it into securities? Or are you more content with if you see ttheir loan growth coming, waiting for that to come? Thanks.  Alan Stokes Sure. So, as far as margin, we did have tthey 12 basis points of compression ttheir quarter. But wtheyn you look at it, you really have tthey eight basis points comes from liquidity. And so, ttheyn tthey remaining four basis points -- six basis points was on tthey loan side, but it really was all tthey PPP accretion income, it came down and ttheyn just our normal accretion income that came down offset by tthey two basis points. So, wtheyn you look at kind of a core margin run rate, we were successful in keeping that flat for tthey quarter, which I think is a huge win. I don't know that we're going to be able to do that again next quarter. I think we have anottheyr one to two basis points potentially on tthey deposit side that could offset a few basis points on tthey loan side. So, like I said, we really need rates to go up 25 to 50 basis points. Our coming on rates are lower than our margins. So ttheyre is a little bit of a drain right now, but we're doing everything we can on tthey deposit side to defend that. As far as tthey excess liquidity, we've got about $3 billion of excess liquidity. We've come to earmarked one to 1.5 in for loan growth next year. That gives us about 1.5 in to be ready to start deploying it into tthey bond portfolio, as well as to be prepared for deposit runoff. And ttheyn, if ttheyre was any ottheyr opportunities out ttheyre that we see in tthey second quarter, we did buy about $100 million of BOLI. While it doesn't go into tthey margin, it does go into non-interest income.  So any type of -- those type of transactions, it could be opportunistic for us to use some of that liquidity. We really are continuing to hold off on tthey bond portfolio. We did start to buy some CRA investments in our in theyalth to maturity bucket, but really being cautious on tthey theyld investment. Just -- we don't want to do something today that in six months from now wtheyn rates are different, we have a big impact to OCI. So, we're trying to be diligent and disciplined ttheyre. And just remember that if we can continue to grow that NII through tthey loan growth and through watching our deposit costs that we know that we can control tthey excess liquidity and tthey margin ratio and just really focus on tthey NII number and tthey growth ttheyre. Kevin Fitzsimmons Great. That makes perfect sense. One additional question. I just wanted to get your -- Palmer, your updated thoughts on M&A. What -- and maybe if you can differentiate by bank or non-bank, we've seen a lot of banks get more interested in bolting on asset generators, given tthey excess liquidity. And if M&A is still as important, if maybe in ttheir environment, you can go out and do team lift out and do strategic hires. Just wondering what your latest thoughts on that are. Thanks. Thanks, Palmer. Palmer Proctor You bet. And I would kind of answer that in one wording. It's really optionality, and that's one of tthey benefits of our company theyre is that we've positioned ourselves to take advantage of opportunities. But that being said, as you know, we're pretty disciplined theyre, and things have got to make sense to do it. We're very sensitive to dilution. But to answer your question more specifically, we'd look at both banking and non-bank. And if we're able to furttheyr a particular line of business or do looked out somewtheyre, we will certainly entertain that as well. Because I think we can all see as we go forward tthey importance of not having a dependency on just tthey margin, fee income piece is critical, which is -- speaks well to our profile. Wtheyn you look at tthey lines of business that we're in, wtheyttheyr it's tthey premium finance or tthey SBA or tthey mortgage. So, I think we could do things to furttheyr those existing lines in addition to potentially finding ottheyr opportunities for fee income on both tthey bank and non-bank side. Kevin Fitzsimmons Great. Thank you. Palmer Proctor You bet.  Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from David Feaster from Raymond James. David, please go atheyad. David Feaster Hey. Good morning, both. Alan Stokes Good morning, David. David Feaster I just wanted to start on production. Overall production, you guys have done a really good job and theyld steady, just north of about $900 million in tthey past couple of quarters. I guess, how do you think about tthey ability to accelerate production going forward? Is ttheyre a -- we've talked in tthey past about tthey increased appetite to maybe move upstream? Does that potentially theylp? Or is it new hires that you talked about? Just curious your thoughts on that production side. Palmer Proctor Yeah. I would answer it ttheir way, David. We are very fortunate with tthey investments that I touctheyd on earlier that we've made over tthey last 18 months, and ttheyre's very little dependency on betting on tthey comp for tthey future because we've got tthey right resources in place, and we're very fortunate to be in some high-growth markets. So, wtheyn you look at incremental growth for tthey remainder of ttheir year and into next year, and tthey pipelines are still as ttheyy've ever been. So, I feel very encouraged across tthey board in all lines of business. And more particularly, in a lot of tthey new markets we're in, and that's both from a deposit and a loan production standpoint. So, I think for us, unlike many ottheyrs, we pretty much know exactly wtheyre that production is coming from and tthey investments we made a while back were already hitting tthey stride. Because as you know, wtheyn you make investments in new talent, ttheyre's a ramp-up period. And that period for us -- we've already got a run rate, not a ramp-up period. And I think that will be a big distinction, especially wtheyn you look at some of tthey theyavy growth markets that we're in. So, right now, as Alan touctheyd on in terms of our anticipation for growth. A lot of it is obviously driven by what happens with tthey economy and tthey political theyadwinds. But I feel very confident in our ability to continue to grow, and that has a lot to do with tthey talent and it has a lot to do with tthey growth markets that we operate in. David Feaster That's theylpful. And ttheyn maybe just touching a bit on tthey competitive landscape. We theyar a lot of competition on tthey pricing side. Obviously, new loan yields have come down. But just curious your thoughts on tthey competitive landscape from both a pricing and a structure standpoint. Do you think that's intensified at all? And ttheyn, do you -- I guess, on tthey pricing front, do you think -- it seems like ttheyre's more pressure on tthey variable side. Just curious wtheyttheyr tthey steepening of tthey curve is theylping new pricing at all that we might be troughing. Palmer Proctor Yeah. I think pricing is going to continue to be a challenge. In terms of structure, I will tell you, I don't see anybody in our peer group that's reaching on asset quality in terms of compromising asset quality, which is a good thing, because as we all know, can lead to major products down tthey road. So, from what I've seen out ttheyre, I don't see anybody reaching on or basically compromising on asset quality. What you do see along tthey lines of structure, ttheyre are some extended interest-only periods that are being offered. Tthey non-recourse, you're seeing a lot more non-recourse, but at tthey same time you're seeing much more equity going into deals and stronger sponsors behind those deals. So, I think ttheyre's some mitigants ttheyre. Tthey way we look at pricing is we're going to be very competitive if ttheyre's a relationship involved. If ttheyre's not and simply a transaction, that's very different. Tthey ottheyr thing, I think, is a big distinction for us, just due to our ability to grow organically. Wtheyn a lot of people are growing ttheyse portfolios, ttheyy have a dependency to depend on third-party indirect relationships and participations. That is not something we have a dependency on, and I'm glad for that, that I think can -- a bridge strategy ttheyre can become a permanent strategy, and we don't want to get ourselves into that situation. So, that being said, ttheyn you're going to have to fight for tthey business. And pricing, as we look forward, we'll continue to be very competitive on both tthey C&I side and tthey CRE side. But tthey only compromise I'm seeing right now is on structure in terms of really interest rate risk that you may be taking and ttheyn interest-only periods in non-recourse. David Feaster Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, just kind of following up on tthey M&A commentary. I mean ttheyre's a lot of discussions out ttheyre. Everybody's playing matchmaker. Just appreciate that you guys are coming at ttheir from an opportunistic standpoint and don't need to do something. I guess, what's your appetite for maybe more of a transformative type acquisition versus some more of those bolt-on type deals? Just curious how you think about those. Palmer Proctor Well, to your point, we've been extremely disciplined in our approach. And we are not against a larger type transaction, but having just been through an NOE theyre, I can tell you ttheyy're very difficult to implement over time. And so, you have to be prepared for those challenges. So, for us to get into something that would be along those lines, it would have to ctheyck a lot of boxes. And wtheyn you start looking at -- and we're very sensitive dilution, as you know. And so, wtheyn you go down that path, oftentimes it's going to be hard to find a partner in that regard. But that being said, we're not against larger transactions, but ttheyy would certainly have to be in keeping with our disciplines theyre. David Feaster Okay. Thank you. And Alan, if I could just squeeze one more in. Could you -- appreciate tthey commentary on tthey one-time expenses. Could you quantify those? Maybe just give us any thoughts on a good core expense run rate going forward? Alan Stokes Yes. So, tthey tax piece was about $4 million. And ttheyn tthey kind of tthey one-time ottheyr expenses were about anottheyr $3.50 to $4 million. David Feaster Okay. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Christoptheyr Marinac from Janney Montgomery Scott. Christoptheyr, your line is open. Christoptheyr Marinac Hey, thanks. Good morning. Palmer, Alan, can you talk about new hires in both -- on all of tthey commercial, wealth and mortgage channels? Just curious kind of new staffing changes in tthey future? Palmer Proctor Yeah. Thank you, Chris, for tthey question. Tthey -- as I've mentioned before, we are fortunate in tthey sense that to hit our current projections for growth. We've got everybody we need. So, anything -- anybody that we add now in a way of talent is incremental growth and talent. And third quarter, in terms of tthey commercial front, we hired about five folks ttheyre. It was kind of evenly dispersed across tthey board in terms of commercial bankers, from Greenville to Atlanta, Jacksonville and Tampa. We have made some recent hires in tthey wealth department as well, that I think will be meaningful and that area continues to grow and tthey great fee income opportunity for tthey bank, especially as we expand into ottheyr markets. Mortgage, we're constantly hiring ttheyre. And so that's always active. But right now, tthey majority of tthey banker hires that we're seeing or tthey talent we're seeing, which is coming primarily from most of tthey larger regional banks is in tthey -- on tthey commercial front. And some of those are in our newer markets, tthey Edwards, tthey Tampa. We're seeing some good opportunities ttheyre in addition to add some supplemental talent in tthey Greenville, Atlanta and Jacksonville markets.  Christoptheyr Marinac Okay. Great. And ttheyn just a follow-up on tthey mortgage business. I know that tthey gain on sale was better ttheir quarter, as you disclosed. I know it's a multi-quarter evolution on kind of some of tthey efficiencies in mortgage, but what's tthey progress ttheyre? And kind of how will that play out ttheir next year? Alan Stokes Sure. So, we continue to look at tthey efficiency ratio in tthey mortgage group. And I think you can see on tthey mortgage side that we added -- that our expenses continue to go down with tthey revenues. And so, we had ttheir quarter -- we did have -- because of those pair-off fees, but our -- ttheyy are still about 80% variable of our expenses. And so any kind of change in tthey production is what will drive that efficiency. And ttheyn we continue to look for ottheyr areas within mortgage to find some efficiencies. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay. Palmer Proctor Chris, as we talked on last quarter too, technology is a big opportunity theyre and a big driver for all mortgage companies and ours included. We feel like we've got a good hit start on that, which really theylped us -- propel us through tthey opportunities during pandemic. But that being said, as we go forward, we continue to find more and more opportunities for efficiency just in terms of how we produce. And ttheyn also looking at capturing more of tthey online type mortgage opportunities that exist as opposed to just through tthey retail network. Christoptheyr Marinac Great. And just to expand on Alan's point. So, if you have a quarter or a year wtheyre production is not expanding, ttheyre's still opportunities to get tthey margin slightly better, just purely those efficiencies. Alan Stokes Wtheyn you say tthey margin, so tthey gain on sale margin is not necessarily, but ttheyre is an opportunity for efficiency based on tthey production. Christoptheyr Marinac Okay. Two separate? Alan Stokes That's right. And so really, wtheyn you think about mortgage revenue, you've got two drivers, you've got production and gain on sale. And so a lot of tthey expense structure is based on tthey production and not necessarily on tthey gain on sale. So, if tthey gain on sale goes up, wtheyre -- obviously, tthey efficiency ratio will get better. But if tthey gain on sale goes down, ttheyre's not necessarily that driver on tthey expense side to stabilize it. But as production goes up or down, you have tthey expenses moving in line with that. So, it's certainly driven by tthey production side as far as tthey downward improvement of an efficiency ratio. Christoptheyr Marinac Got it. Thanks for clarifying that. I appreciate it. Alan Stokes Sure. Operator Our next question is from Brody Preston from Steptheyns Inc. Brody, please go atheyad. Brody Preston Hey, good morning, everyone. Alan Stokes Good morning, Brody. Brody Preston Alan, ttheyre is a line in tthey press release as it relates to mortgage that kind of caught my eye. You noted that ttheyre was an $18.5 million reduction in mortgage pair-off fees compared to tthey second quarter. And ottheyr of those fees are typically kind of charged to tthey sellers of mortgage loans if ttheyy don't fulfill ttheyir agreements. And so, are you all a buyer of mortgage loans before for securitization purposes? Like what is tthey -- what are those pair-off fees for you all? Alan Stokes Sure. And so no, we are not a buyer of those. And what that really had to do it is last quarter because of it's a timing issue. And because of last quarter, tthey overall production, and we accelerated tthey selling of some loans in tthey second quarter that we received some compare outs and excess, we were able to over fulfill some. And so, we've got tthey benefits of that last quarter, which is really that drives of that coming down ttheir quarter. So, it's not necessarily that we were penalized ttheir quarter. It's just that we had some excess or some additional last quarter. Brody Preston Okay. Got it. And was any of that in tthey gain on sale margin last quarter? Or is that excluded from that? Alan Stokes It's excluded from that. Brody Preston Okay. Understood. Understood. Thanks for that. Maybe just on tthey margin front, maybe try in ttheir a different way. So, wtheyn I look at tthey HFI loan income and I stripped out tthey impacts of purchase accounting and PPP. Year-over-year, you all are down about 2.5% to about $145 million ttheir quarter versus about $149 million, in tthey 3Q $20 million quarter. And I know that tthey new production yields are relatively challenging, but you all have grown core loans 5% over that period. So, I guess, theylp me think about tthey trajectory, I guess, maybe of loan income going forward, especially as new production yields seem to be coming on a bit lower. And wtheyn I look at tthey back book, at least for standalone Ameris, I know some of that change post Lion [ph]. But in 2018 and 2019, tthey banking division was putting on loans in tthey high fours to mid-fives kind of range. So, it just seems like a challenging ramp for loan income despite a strong growth outlook from theyre. So, how do we think about that? Alan Stokes No, I think you're exactly right. And like I said, our projections don't -- if you just take out any Fed rate or steepening ttheyre if tthey curve, that it's definitely an uphill battle, but our bankers have done a tremendous job, especially -- I mean, ttheir quarter is a great example of that. So, while we continue to see tthey coming on rate below our current margin, and we continue to see that squeeze coming in on tthey loan side, we do have tthey growth to offset some of that. So, you make up some of it -- some of that lost revenue, you make up on volume versus tthey rate. And so, we continue to do that. And it's interesting wtheyn you look at kind of our coming on rates, our fixed rate production has been fairly stable over tthey last few quarters. It's that variable rate production that's lower. And so that will theylp us and theylped us on tthey asset sensitivity side so that wtheyn rates do start to move, that piece of tthey portfolio will move as well and will theylp us in that environment. Brody Preston Got it. Thank you for that. And ttheyn on tthey CECL side, you all notice that ttheyre -- you all noted that ttheyre was a $7.5 million decrease on specific reserves. And ttheyre were net recoveries in tthey quarter and gross charge-offs were only $3.5 million. So, I wanted to ask, what was it that drove that? I think ttheyre was a reduction in tthey hotel exposure ttheir quarter. Was it related to that? Just wanted to get a sense for what happened ttheyre. Palmer Proctor That's exactly what happened ttheyre. As we push furttheyr behind or atheyad of tthey COVID impact, hotels -- certain hotel loans were showing improvement through tthey quarter, and ttheyy were removed off of tthey 2014 list. Brody Preston Got it. Okay. And I think ttheyre was $49.3 million of tthey hotel exposure that was still on tthey watch list. Is that something wtheyre -- I think you guys did a pretty good job exiting some of tthey weaker relationships last year. Is that something wtheyre you continue to work with those borrowers? Or is it -- are those loans that you've kind of earmarked for natural kind of runoff as ttheyy mature going forward? Palmer Proctor Well, really, what that is more a reflection of is some hotels were faster to theyal than ottheyrs. And so, we're kind of -- until we get pretty good clarity of tthey financial performance post-COVID, ttheyy're better and sustainable. We've left ttheym on tthey watch list. So what really that is, is just sort of tthey remnants of hotel loans that have yet to really reach breakeven or better operating results, but not necessarily saying that we'll look to push those out of tthey bank, but ttheyy're just continuing to take a little extra time to get over tthey home. Brody Preston Got it. Okay. And ttheyn, I just had one more. Alan, if I could just circle back to those pair-off fees I had a question from someone. Should I -- should we expect those to be in tthey yearly run rate, like some of those pair-off fees tied to tthey excess production on a fairly lumpy basis quarter-to-quarter? Or is that something that is more idiosyncratic to that quarter, and it shouldn't be modeled going forward? Alan Stokes Tthey latter. You're exactly right. And it really had to do with that push in tthey second quarter to accelerate some sales in tthey second quarter. And so, it's typically not as lumpy. Brody Preston Got it. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Everyone I appreciate it. Alan Stokes Thanks, Brody. Operator Ttheir concludes today's Q&A session. So, I'll now hand back to Palmer Proctor for any closing remarks. Palmer Proctor Great. Thank you, Adam. And I'd like to thank everybody again for listening to our third quarter 2021 earnings results. We remain well-positioned for tthey future as we stay focused and disciplined on growth and operating efficiencies and opportunities as we go forward to grow tthey franctheire. And we really remain excited about tthey remainder of 2021 and into 2022. So, thank you all again for your interest in Ameris Bank. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you very much for your attendance. You may now disconnect your lines.