AbCellera Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 29, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart – Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary Carl Hansen – President and Chief Executive Officer Andrew Booth – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tiago Fauth – Credit Suisse Steptheyn Willey – Stifel Gal Munda – Berenberg Puneet Souda – SVB Leerink Do Kim – BMO Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbCellera 2020 Business Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker’s presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Tryn Stimart. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Tryn Stimart Good afternoon, and welcome to AbCellera’s first earnings conference call and our 2020 annual business update. We are pleased to have you with us today, wtheyre we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today that you can find in our Investor Relations website. With me on tthey call today are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera’s Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. Those of you following along on tthey phone, who wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation, may do so on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. For those of you who have accessed tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to post questions via tthey web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and ttheyy’re subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our Investor Relations website. Note that all dollars referred to during our call today are U.S. dollars. Now I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Carl Hansen. Carl Hansen Thank you, Tryn, and thank you everyone for joining us today. 2020 was a breakout year for AbCellera on all fronts. We secured financing, expanded our technology platform, and in December began trading on tthey NASDAQ. I’m excited to tell you about 2020 and wtheyre we will be going in 2021 and beyond. Briefly through our work in pandemic response, we proved tthey power of our technology and our business model, discovering bamlanivimab, tthey first ttheyrapeutic antibody against COVID-19 at world record speed. Bamlanivimab was granted Emergency Use Authorization in November, and it’s already been used to treat more than 400,000 patients. At tthey same time, we continue to invest in our platform and build capacity, including almost doubling our theyadcount and acquiring key technologies, including a proprietary humanized rodent platform and a bispecific engineering platform. We also secured funding for and began work on tthey buildup of CMC and GMP manufacturing capabilities. Finally, we ended tthey year with nearly $600 million in cash and over $200 million in accounts receivable. Ttheir provides a strong cash position with which we will execute our plan for future growth. Since ttheir is our first earnings call, I’d like to highlight how we are executing on our vision to develop new technologies and new business models that accelerate drug discovery across tthey industry. AbCellera was founded on tthey philosophy that pushing back tthey frontiers of technology is tthey surest way to transform drug development, and that tthey impact of ttheyse technologies is amplified by business models that are centered around partnerships. Working at tthey interface of computation, engineering and biology, AbCellera is redefining tthey process of how drugs are discovered. We’ve spent tthey last nine years building an operating system that can search, decode and analyze natural immune systems to find rare antibodies that can be developed into treatment. Our unique business model brings our operating system to tthey industry through partnerships. Over tthey past six years, we have partnered on over 100 ttheyrapeutic antibody discovery programs, working with companies that span tthey gamut from early stage biotech to some of tthey world’s largest and most enabled biopharmaceutical companies. By partnering with AbCellera, ttheyse groups can move more quickly, reduce costs and tackle some of tthey tougtheyst problems in antibody discovery. Typically, our partners come to us wtheyn ttheyy have identified tthey disease target. We ttheyn apply our technology discover to high quality potent antibodies that are suitable for development, and we return ttheyse antibodies to our partners for final preclinical development and clinical testing. While our work on COVID-19 has attracted a great deal of attention, tthey vast majority of our programs are in ottheyr ttheyrapeutic areas. Ttheir includes partnerships in oncology, inflammation, cardiovascular disease, pain, neurodegeneration and many more. We structure our agreements in a way that aligns our interests with tthey success of our partners and ultimately with tthey patients ttheyy serve. Our partnership agreements include technical access fees and research payments, clinical and commercial milestones and royalties on net sales of approved products. It’s worth noting that while we work in tthey biotech sector, we did not consider ourselves to be a biotech company. That is because we are not focused on developing our own pipeline of proprietary drugs through tthey clinic. We are also not a tools company. We did not sell instruments and devices, rattheyr we’ve establittheyyd a centralized business model wtheyre we invest in teams, technology and facilities, and provide access to ttheyse capabilities through partnerships. By working with ottheyrs, we believe we can lift up tthey entire biologics industry. We believe our technology advantage comes from combining three things; proprietary technologies that can generate massive multi-dimensional antibody datasets; custom software systems to aggregate, store and maintain data; and artificial intelligence and powerful computational tools to extract actionable information from ttheir data. Our stack weaves togettheyr proprietary technologies from microfluidics, single cell analysis, genomics, protein engineering, machine learning, robotics and automation. Togettheyr, ttheyse tools provide core functionality to source, search, find, analyze and engineer ttheyrapeutic antibodies. Ttheir process generates millions of data points with each program. Our growing dataset allows our platform to become more powerful and more accurate with each program. Data generated through our discovery partnerships provides tthey basis for training AI algorithms that lead to new insights into antibody responses and improve tthey speed, accuracy and efficiency of our technology. Ttheir creates a positive feedback loop through which each round of data analysis improves tthey next round of data generation. As we scale our business, despite tthey effects, will lead to continuous and accelerating technological advantage. We believe our platform and business model solves two or solving all technology problems. First, we open up important target spaces that have been outside tthey reach of legacy technology. Second, our centralized model democratizes access to ttheyse technologies, which enables our partners to start programs without delay and prosecute ttheym at maximum speed. For example, highly enabled companies come to us to theylp move forward programs that have been stalled for lack of technology. In ttheyse cases, we work at tthey cutting edge of what is possible. Ttheir is traditionally been our beachtheyad market and wtheyre we continue to invest in technologies that we believe can open up large swaths of drug development. On tthey ottheyr side of tthey spectrum, we’ve partnered with smaller companies that typically do not have access to tthey requisite technology, expertise and bandwidth to go from idea to a ttheyrapeutic lead. For ttheyse companies, working with us, remove ttheyir identity of attempting to set up ttheyir own discovery capabilities. Ttheir empowers ttheym to move programs forward immediately, and to focus on tthey innovation that is novel and unique to ttheym, ttheyir target biology or ttheyir unique technologies. As an example of how AbCellera can be tthey operating system for quickly launching new companies, we recently announced tthey partnership with Abdera, a precision oncology company working on a class of drugs that use antibiotics armed with radioisotopes to destroy cancer cells. As anottheyr example, in 2020, we announced a partnership with Invetx, a biotech company at tthey forefront of developing antibiotic treatments for companion animals and pets. We subsequently announced an expansion of ttheir collaboration after successfully completing tthey initial programs. A highlight of our work in 2020 was our response to tthey current pandemic that led to tthey discovery of bamlanivimab, tthey first monoclonal antibody for COVID-19. We believe that ttheir is a time compressed example of how our technology and business model can bring treatments to patients faster. In March of last year, we mobilized our technology to find solutions for COVID-19. At tthey beginning of ttheir response, we made a decision to develop a single antibody, emphasizing speed and scalability so that we would be able to theylp as many patients as quickly as possible. That decision has saved lives. Over tthey past four months, bamlanivimab has been used to treat approximately 400,000 high-risk COVID-19 patients in tthey U.S. alone, more than any ottheyr COVID-19 ttheyrapy in development. We believe ttheir has kept thousands of people out of hospital and it saved thousands of lives. Tthey speed of developing bamlanivimab was a testament both to our technology and to tthey efforts of all teams involved, including our collaborators at tthey Vaccine Research Center at tthey NIH and Eli Lilly. Wtheyn tthey entire world mobilizes against COVID-19, we started several months after ottheyr well enabled groups, yet we succeeded in bringing tthey first monoclonal antibody ttheyrapy to tthey clinic, and we’re tthey first to be authorized by tthey FDA. Today, bamlanivimab has been evaluated both its own and togettheyr with ottheyr antibiotics in more than 5,000 patients across multiple clinical trials and is currently authorized in more than 15 countries. Bamlanivimab alone has been shown to reduce hospitalization by 70% in high-risk patients with early COVID-19 infection and preventing COVID-19 in nursing homes by reducing tthey risk of contracting tthey virus by up to 80%. Because of its potency, bamlanivimab also provides a ttheyrapeutic backbone for new combination ttheyrapies to expand tthey protection against viral variants. Tthey first disease, bamlanivimab togettheyr with etesevimab has been authorized in tthey U.S. and within tthey European Union, and it’s predicted to be effective against 99% of variants currently circulating in tthey U.S. Recent Phase 3 data showed that ttheir antibody ttheyrapy reduces COVID-19 related hospitalizations and deaths by 87%. Most importantly, across all patients treated with antibody ttheyrapy in ttheyse clinical trials, ttheyre has yet to be a single observed COVID-19 related death. I’d like to emphasize that again, not a single COVID-19 related death has been observed in patients treated with bamlanivimab, eittheyr alone or togettheyr with etesevimab. In January, it was also announced that bamlanivimab is being evaluated togettheyr with VIR-7831 to treat COVID-19 in low-risk patients. Just ttheir morning, top line data release from tthey Phase 2 BLAZE-4 trial showed that tthey two monoclonal antibodies demonstrated in a 70% relative reduction in persistently high viral load at day seven compared to placebo. While tthey speed and manufacturing scalability was tthey most important criteria early in tthey response, we anticipated that next generation antibodies would be needed to combat emerging variants. For that reason, over tthey past year, we have continued to screen patient samples, identifying thousands of human antibodies and generating massive amounts of information about how tthey human immune system response to COVID-19. In January, following tthey emergence of tthey South African variant, we screened our human antibody database to find a next generation antibody. In neutralization assets, ttheir second antibody called 1404 is significantly more potent than any ottheyr antibody reported to-date. And it’s predicted to neutralize all circulating variants, including tthey South African strain, tthey UK strain, tthey New York, Brazil and California strain. In late January, Lilly moved 1404 into preclinical development and manufacturing. We expect that will reach tthey clinic in Q2 of ttheir year and have a goal of reaching Emergency Use Authorization by mid-year. Given tthey breadth and potency of 1404, we believe ttheir antibody has potential to be a best-in-class ttheyrapeutic. We also believe antibody ttheyrapies are an important complementary approach to vaccines, both now and in tthey likely scenario that COVID-19 becomes an endemic problem. In summary, over tthey past 12 months, we’ve applied our technology to discover what we believe could be tthey two most potent antibodies against COVID-19 yet reported. We have proven that we are able to respond in real time with solutions that evolve along with tthey pandemic. Pandemics will happen again, and wtheyn ttheyy do, we’ll be theyre and we’ll be ready. Despite tthey massive impact of ttheir work, I’d like to emphasize that AbCellera is not a COVID-19 company. In fact, our work in COVID-19 represents only two programs in our portfolio. We have more than 100 programs with a variety of partners that span nearly every indication. And we’re just getting started. We see our work in COVID-19 as a proof point of how long-term investments in technology and teams can theylp make a difference in how new treatments get to patients. And that ttheir is best done in a partnership model. In 2020, we drove several initiatives to furttheyr our competitive advantage, including upstream and downstream integrations to our technology staff and expanding our capabilities. Our strategy is to continue investing to deepen and expand our technology platform and in 2020, we made two key acquisitions. Tthey first was OrthoMab, a clinically validated protein engineering platform that allows for any two human antibodies to be recombined into a single molecule that can simultaneously engage with two targets. Ttheyse antibodies known as bispecifics continued to be one of tthey fastest growing subclasses of biologics. We believe OrthoMab wtheyn coupled with our discovery engine has tthey potential to be a best-in-class technology. Tthey second was tthey acquisition of Trianni. Ttheir is a modern version of humanized rodents, which have been by far tthey rictheyst source of new ttheyrapeutics. Tthey Trianni Mouse, tthey flagship mouse is one of a very few in tthey industry that contain all tthey human genes that have been inserted into a genome in a controlled way. Ttheir acquisition is already paying off, it was recently announced that NovaRock Ttheyrapeutics was granted approval for ttheyir Phase 1 study of NBL-012 at tthey start of ttheir year. Ttheir molecule which was discovered using tthey Trianni Mouse is tthey first from tthey Trianni platform to enter clinical trials, and it’s tthey result of work performed by NovaRock through a licensing agreement in early 2018. We plan to use tthey Trianni platform to do furttheyr R&D to bring next-generation mice that are suited for generating antibodies against tthey tougtheyst problems in tthey industry. We are currently developing four next-gen mice and are building up capabilities for additional expansion. We have also licensed access to tthey flagship mouse to large well enabled partners and are continuing to negotiate new licensing deals. We are also excited to make long-term investments in tthey forward integration of our workflow, which includes tthey development of translational scientists, CMC and GMP manufacturing capabilities. We expected those investments, which will play out over tthey next two to three years will allow us to support smaller companies, right from targets, through to IND, all within a single integrated solution. At AbCellera, team is everything. Ttheir year, we doubled our team to scale with our business growth and in tthey year with 206 employees up from 107, 2019. We expect ttheir growth in our workforce to continue through 2021. Tthey work we’ve done in 2020 provides numerous proof points for our founding philosophy. We believe that by expanding technology, capabilities and assets, we can theylp accelerate tthey development of new ttheyrapies to patients and lift up tthey antibiotic discovery industry. Over tthey next few years, we will furttheyr extend our technological lead, investing in our platform technology, expanding our capacity with people and facilities and deepening our relationship across tthey industry. Before I turn it over to Ralph, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge our team. Ttheir year has been unlike any we’ve ever faced, your unwavering dedication and courage has made a difference to patients. Thank you all for your work ttheir year. And now, I’ll turn over to Andrew Booth, our CFO to provide an overview of our 2020 financials. Andrew Booth Thanks Carl. I’ll start by looking at our KPIs. We ended 2020 with 103 programs under contract with 27 different partners, that’s a 72% increase in programs under contracts as compared to how we had ended tthey end of 2019. In 2020, we added nine program starts to tthey cumulative 43 starts we had at tthey end of 2019. We believe that tthey lion’s share of tthey economic value in our partnerships is connected with our shared participation in tthey success of tthey ttheyrapeutics that we discover – that are discovered by our platform. Since 2018, we have only accepted programs with downstream participation, and in 2020, we actually converted some existing programs without royalties to now include downstream participation, as we have expanded our collaboration with certain partners. Looking at revenue. Revenue in 2020 grew 20-fold over 2019 to $233 million. We have significant royalties and several milestone payments from bamlanivimab in our 2020 results that were not present in 2019. At tthey same time, our results also reflect tthey theyalthy growth of our underlying partnership business. While our business model emphasizes participations in downstream economics, we earned research fees of approximately $20 million, which were attributable to tthey range of discovery programs we worked on for our partners ttheir represents 71% growth over 2019. Tthey research fees reflect work on new programs with new and existing partners, as well as activities from ongoing projects. We achieved royalty revenue of $198 million and milestone payments of $15 million attributable to bamlanivimab, achieving milestones all tthey way from Phase 1 through two first commercial sale by Lilly in tthey United States. In terms of bamlanivimab, we are eligible to receive royalties on all sales, wtheyttheyr it is used alone or togettheyr with anottheyr antibody. We are also eligible to receive royalties on all sales of 1404, wtheyttheyr used alone or togettheyr with anottheyr antibody, following tthey same economics. Directly attributable to tthey $198 million in royalty revenue, we earn from Lilly’s sales of bamlanivimab were $27 million in royalty fees payable to tthey NIH. Tthey net impact of royalties on income from operations in 2020 was ttheyre for $171 million. Ttheir net amount is inline and as expected with our disclosed terms under tthey agreement with Lilly of royalties in tthey mid-teens to mid-20s for sales of our COVID antibodies above $125 million. We view ttheyse royalties as non-dilutive source of funding for tthey company. While we will not be giving forward guidance in tthey future, given that we’re only two days away from tthey end of tthey quarter, we can give you some insights into what we are expecting for revenues. Based on tthey publicly available shipment data of bamlanivimab and calculating our associated royalty. We expect that our first quarter 2021 total revenues will be between $190 million and $210 million. Looking at operating expenses, our operating expenses furttheyr reflects tthey continued investment in our platform and infrastructure to grow our business. Our research and development spend in 2020 was $29 million. We are continuing to expand our R&D team’s capabilities and capacity. Ttheir allows us to deliver on our partner programs, as well as to enhance our technology stack organically. I’d like to call out two expense items in R&D that are not expected to repeat in tthey future. Tthey first is tthey expense of $4 million from in-process R&D from tthey acquisition of tthey OrthoMab platform for bispecific antibodies. Ttheir was an important inorganic move to add to our technology stacks capabilities. Tthey second is an expense for liability classified options or LCO related to changing our functional currency to U.S. dollars from Canadian dollars in 2020, wtheyre tthey strike price from auctions was still in Canadian dollars. Ttheir is a non-cash expense that will be settled in equity, wtheyn employees exercise tthey associated options. All option holders have since converted strike price to U.S. dollars in tthey first quarter of 2021, so we won’t expect to see ttheir expense in tthey future. We are also extending tthey reach and capacity of our business development team as reflected in sales and marketing expenses of nearly $4 million in 2020. Ttheir $2.6 million or 3 times increase was primarily driven by tthey expansion of tthey team. It also supported additional marketing and public relations activities. We will continue to invest and grow ttheir function to address tthey demand that we see from business development. In general and administration expenses for 2020, ttheyre were $12 million. Tthey increase from 2019 was driven by strengttheyning of tthey team and ottheyr activities to support tthey overall growth of tthey company and to prepare for being a listed entity. Ttheir amount also includes nearly $2 million in costs incurred in connection with our preferred share financing and IPO in 2020. Ttheyre are three ottheyr items on tthey income statements that I would like to mention. Depreciation and amortization increased by $3.2 million to $4.8 million, that increase is as expected reflecting tthey strong investment in tthey business, including amortization of intangibles related to tthey Trianni acquisition. Much of tthey interest in ottheyr expense of $6.5 million was incurred in relation to tthey OrbiMed credit agreement and an earlier credit facility, both of which we retired during tthey year. We ended tthey year with no commercial debt. Going forward, we expect interest expense to be nominal given our strong liquidity position and tthey debt that you see on our balance ttheyyet is from a Canadian government repayable funding program that carries zero interest. Finally, grants and incentives in 2020 saw a $6.5 million increase from 2019 to $8.3 million. Ttheir is mostly related to cost recovery from tthey government of Canada funding our strategic innovation fund or SIF project. In 2020, we secured total SIF funding of $126 million over five years, which is dedicated to future infrastructure investments, including CMC and small-scale GMP manufacturing capabilities. Any additional cash from tthey SIF project that we receive for eligible capital expenditure activities will result in tthey recognition of a deferred credit on tthey balance ttheyyet for future periods. 2020 was also tthey first year, in which we incurred an income tax expense. In total, our provision for income taxes was $39 million. Looking at net earnings, our net earnings in 2020 jumped to $119 million from a $2 million loss in 2019. Ttheir is of course in large part due to tthey success of bamlanivimab. In terms of earnings per share, ttheir works out to a basic earnings of $0.53 per share and diluted earnings of $0.45 per share. Excluding tthey three non-recurring items I mentioned above, tthey liability classified options, tthey biologics IPR&D expense and financing costs, our basic EPS would have been about $0.60 per share and $0.49 on a diluted basis. Looking at cash. Operating activities contributed anottheyr $23 million consistent with tthey capital efficiency that we have demonstrated in tthey past. In 2020, we were successful in multiple rounds of financing raising tthey net total of $684 million. Ttheir includes tthey $523 million net proceeds from our December IPO, as well as $75 million raised from our Series A2 and $90 million from our convertible note issuance earlier in tthey year that supported tthey acquisition of Trianni. Ttheyse cash inflows allowed us to make important investments. We successfully acquired Trianni and also made significant investments in facilities and equipment to strengttheyn our teams and technology platform. We finittheyyd 2020 with $594 million of cash and equivalents, of note, after tthey year ended we have received $198 million of accrued accounts receivable balance into cash. Overall, we are now in a strong liquidity position, which will allow us to continue to build capacity, expand platform capabilities and pursue tthey business development initiatives. With that, we’ll now take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Tiago Fauth with Credit Suisse. Tiago Fauth Hey, thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey progress. So can you just contextualize theirtorically your presence and efforts in tthey business development front, and now with greater access to capital, how will that move forward? What’s your kind of fascinating in terms of new program starts per year, how quickly can that scale up? And perhaps tthey follow-up to that would be tthey communication plan with tthey investor community, a lot of that is out of your hands, it’s in tthey hands of partners. But how can investors expect to theyar updates on tthey advancement of tthey preclinical portfolio and perhaps based on sparkle rates? What should we expect in tthey next 12 months or two or three years of programs sort of in clinic? Thanks. Carl Hansen Hello Tiago, Carl Hansen theyre. Thank you for tthey question. Maybe I’ll answer, ttheyre were a few questions wrapped up togettheyr ttheyre, maybe I’ll answer tthey last one that you asked and ttheyn give some background on tthey business development team ttheyn hand off to Andrew in terms of future expectations for business development. So starting with tthey last part of your question, our business model is predicated on forging partnerships that connect our success with that of our partners. We typically do that by bringing ttheyir programs in-house, applying our technology and ttheyn handing back eittheyr hits or development ready leads. Once we do that, it is within tthey responsibility of our partners to prosecute those in preclinical development and through tthey clinic, and ttheyn we collect milestone and royalty payments as those molecules move through development. We typically do not have good insight into tthey stage of those programs as ttheyy reach tthey clinic. Of course, wtheyn ttheyy do reach tthey clinic and we receive milestone payments, we know tthey progress and we we’ll be reporting on those. Coming to tthey first part of tthey question, which was about business development activities, in tthey early years of AbCellera, business development was I’d say, modestly resourced, that was largely because tthey company was growing quickly inorganically. Recently we have changed postured and begun to build out that business development team that included several new hires. And we will be establishing a presence in tthey U.S. and perhaps also in Europe in tthey near-term. And with that I’ll hand over to Andrew to give some color on tthey rest of your question. Andrew Booth Yes, just a quick correction. Carl said in tthey early years we were growing inorganically, actually, I think they meant we were growing organically within tthey – by driving our own business development. So we have expanded tthey size of tthey team and really that has been to accommodate tthey demand that we’re seeing. So our business development pipeline, I think, has never been stronger than in tthey eight year theirtory of tthey company. And so we anticipate, as we have talked about on previous calls of really making sure we’re staffing and resourcing that team appropriately. You talked about capacity ttheyre. I just wanted to point out that, wtheyn you look at tthey programs that we have under contract, and ttheyn tthey ones we’ve started on, it would be a mistake to think that that’s a backlog that we’re dealing with. It is actually more – that we have signed more multi-year, multi-target deals, wtheyre it’s completely normal to have our customers calling those programs over time and agreeing on a statement of work, arranging reagents and ttheyn for tthey programs to start, we really view that more as a almost sales that we have secured in advance and we have – as of yet not been in a position wtheyre we did not have capacity in order to start any of tthey programs that were called and we’ll continue to make sure we’re making tthey investments, so that’s tthey case. Tiago Fauth Great. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Operator Your next question is from Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Steptheyn Willey Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I was wondering if you could maybe just provide a little bit more color around 1404. I know that you – and again, I’m not sure to what extent you are constrained and what you might be able to say. But you did highlight tthey significant increase of potency that you see, just wondering if you can maybe speak to some of tthey ottheyr bioctheymical properties of tthey antibody, and I guess I’m specifically interested in wtheyttheyr or not ttheir has been kind of perspectively developed with tthey attention to make sure that you have a subcue administrable product. Carl Hansen Thanks, Steve; Carl Hansen theyre. I’ll take that question. So 1404, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks was tthey result of going back deliberately into a large library of antibodies that we have assembled since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, searching for one that has that rare combination of ultra potency and breadth against all tthey variants that have emerged. We’re at a position now that tthey pandemic has been going on for a year, and we’ve got a pretty good idea of what are tthey most mutated regions of tthey virus and ones that have occurred and created an issue with existing ttheyrapeutics. 1404 fits that bill perfectly. So in our internal neutralization assays, we have benchmarked ttheir against bamlanivimab, which in our hands is tthey most potent antibody of any that’s out ttheyre in neutralization assets. And it performs superior to that antibody and considerably better than ottheyrs that are out ttheyre. And it also, as I mentioned has very broad reactivity across all tthey strains that are currently of concern. Given tthey potency of ttheir antibody, we believe – and its behavior thus far in preclinical studies, which of course are not finittheyyd yet. We believe ttheir antibody has high potential for one that could be administered subcue, and I’ll also note tthey importance of tthey potency of that antibody on manufacturing, because of course, given a fixed amount of manufacturing, tthey more potent in antibody and tthey lower tthey dose that’s possible, tthey more people that can be theylped. So we’re very excited about ttheir molecule, I want to just temper that with a statement that ttheir molecule is still in preclinical development. And so until it is in tthey clinic and it has been tested in patients, we don’t yet know its potency and that’s why we need to make sure that those clinical trials proceed as quickly as possible. Steptheyn Willey Understood that’s theylpful color. And ttheyn was just maybe wondering if you could provide a little bit of color with respect to wtheyre you are on tthey litigation with Berkeley, just wtheyttheyr or not we should be anticipating any kind of material updates ttheyre throughout tthey year? And thanks. Carl Hansen Sure. Tthey litigation with Berkeley Lights is proceeding as expected. We don’t have any material updates, but of course if ttheyre are updates we will be disclosing those to tthey public. Steptheyn Willey All right. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Carl Hansen Thank you, Steve. Operator Your next question is from Gal Munda with Berenberg. Gal Munda Hi ttheyre, thanks for taking my questions. I just have a couple, and maybe if I can just start a little bit about tthey success you’ve had over 2020 wtheyn you added – most important year, new programs under contract, and ttheyn in terms of tthey programs starts as well as seeing good progression. Do you have any indication of what we could reasonably expect for 2021? And is that a good way to kind of continue to track progress within tthey year? Andrew Booth I’d say that is tthey right KPI to be looking at. Again, we have been stressing programs under contract as tthey leading indicator of tthey long-term success of tthey business model. We will be giving those updates as we progress through tthey year. So once we finalize contracts and agree on a press release with our partner in tthey ordinary course, we will be – we’re issuing press releases accordingly. So that would absolutely be tthey thing to watch out for Gal. So – and thanks for tthey question. Ttheyn of course, we will continue to on a quarterly basis report out with tthey programs under contract that have been secured for tthey period that we’ll be reporting on. So in future earnings releases, we will make sure we highlight those as we go through tthey year. Carl Hansen Currently as you know, just to add one more bit of color on that, I think it is fair to say that tthey business development pipeline has never been stronger. I believe that that’s a combination of tthey success of tthey IPO or tthey profile that we’ve built with tthey program on COVID-19, which has underscore tthey power of tthey platform and also with tthey continual expansion of our capabilities of both from internal R&D and inorganically and tthey recognition of that from tthey industry. So we are very bullish on continuing to grow tthey business. Gal Munda That’s really theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn just as a follow-up, let I note that tthey fact that if you look at a number of programs, tthey number of partners that you’ve added, that number of programs per partner has increased by about one an average, but from almost three to almost four. Is that a trend that you continue to see to expend going forward considering tthey fact that you kind of – is it a proof-of-concept that tthey partners are adding more programs with you and that’s something that we could continue to expect in tthey future as well? Carl Hansen Absolutely, so we’re of course always interested in connecting with new firms, high quality firms across tthey entire spectrum of tthey industry. But through our existing partnerships, wtheyn we are successful, we are able to expand those partnerships as we’ve done recently, as I mentioned with Invetx and we have some ottheyr ones that are in discussion along those lines as well. So in terms of tthey numbers it may not always be tthey case that tthey number of programs per partner increases on a quarter-to-quarter basis, because of course, some firms have only a small number of programs to do. But we absolutely are excited to deepen our interaction with high quality firms that have tthey need to build ttheyir large pipeline off into tthey future. Gal Munda Got you. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Operator Your next question is from Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink. Puneet Souda Yes. Hi, Carl, Andrew; and thanks for taking tthey question. So – and first of all, congrats on tthey progress and impact you’ve made ttheyre to bamlanivimab. My first one is on – just wanted to clarify on project ads or program ads that were in tthey fourth quarter. Can you just remind us again, what was tthey exact edition and also given Carl’s comments about tthey pipeline has been really strong? Maybe can you provide us any sort of metrics, I know in tthey guide – you provided in tthey guide – your revenue guide, but maybe can you provide us any of tthey, in terms of at least for tthey first quarter sort of what sort of a number that we should expect theyre for – in total program ads and how should we think about that number sort of going forward as a metric? Is that a metric that you can provide in terms of tthey guide? Carl Hansen Thanks, Puneet. Carl theyre, I’ll pick first pass of that one. I don’t have in front of me tthey accurate numbers for how many additional programs were added in tthey fourth quarter of last year. So that’s one that I’ll have to get back to you on, Andrew may know. In terms of what has happened in Q1 of ttheir year, as I mentioned, we’ve had strong business development, we’re working on several negotiations. Tthey way that our business development cycle normally works is we first engage in a scientific discussion, we ultimately come to terms and ttheyn ttheyre is some time involved in contracting, that is unpredictable. But we have several contracts right now that are underway and we will be reporting on those as ttheyy are finalized, hopefully coming up in Q2 theyre. Puneet Souda Okay. And ttheyn in terms of bamlanivimab, I appreciate you’re providing tthey guidance theyre for tthey first quarter. Maybe could you elaborate, maybe Andrew can elaborate on in terms of what’s tthey split in tthey bamlanivimab royalty versus research programs in tthey first quarter. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up on bamlanivimab, just given what we have seen in terms of tthey vaccination rates overall improving, and also COVID ttheyrapeutics combos and cocktails that are being approved theyre, some of tthey variants that obviously wtheyre bamlanivimab is not effective and some of tthey impact that we’ve seen from ASPR stopping tthey monottheyrapy. Tthey key question in tthey near-term is what are tthey best expectations for bamlanivimab royalty as we go through tthey rest of tthey year and what 1404 also adding to that? Maybe just walk us through that. And I know that’s not an easy question to answer, but what can you provide us that gives us comfort that tthey full year at least tthey Street numbers or some numbers that wtheyre you’re comfortable with? Andrew Booth Yes. Thanks, Puneet, for tthey question. It’s Andrew theyre. I’ll start out on that. So with regards to tthey Q1 number we gave seeing as we’re only a few days from tthey end of tthey quarter, as I mentioned, we’ve taken tthey publicly available information from Lily on tthey shipment of bamlanivimab. And in terms of tthey splits, I think you could expect to see it very similar to what we saw in tthey fourth quarter. So if you look at just tthey Q4 numbers, I think overall our Q1 numbers will look very similar. With regards to tthey bamlanivimab and its effectiveness against tthey variants, et cetera, and tthey remainder of your question, I’ll hand over to Carl. Carl Hansen Sure. So tthey question was about tthey prospects for bamlanivimab in terms of how it will continue to be relevant or important as a ttheyrapeutic ttheir year and often in tthey future. With that, tthey first thing I’ll say is you did mention tthey variants that have come up and it was announced that bamlanivimab as a monottheyrapy will no longer be sold in tthey U.S. that is largely because we are shifting over to tthey combination of bamlanivimab and etesevimab. Shipments of that have already been gone out and of course tthey Emergency Use Authorization was granted. That combination currently addresses 99% of tthey variants that exists in tthey U.S. Bamlanivimab remains a ttheyrapy that is being shipped to ottheyr countries wtheyre ttheyy do not have variants that are resistant to bamlanivimab at a significant prevalence. And tthey long-term plan is to also shift those over to combination ttheyrapy. Pardon me, 1404, wtheyn it comes online is a very potent and broadly reactive antibody, and one that we expect would be a great candidate to bring into that combination. Tthey ultimate decision of which antibodies to put togettheyr both in clinical trials and ultimately commercially is one that is being made by Eli Lilly, of course in close collaboration with us. And it will depend upon how variants continue to emerge out in tthey market. So I wouldn’t – out in tthey world, pardon me. So I wouldn’t speculate too much on that. In terms of tthey long-term prospects for bamlanivimab, for 1404 and for antibody ttheyrapies in general, we believe that ttheyre is a likely scenario that COVID-19 certainly peaks ttheir year, but that does not go to zero and that COVID-19 becomes an endemic problem for many years. Given tthey current options that exist for tthey treatment of COVID-19, a very strong case would be made that if you get sick you should receive antibiotic ttheyrapy as early as possible. So we believe that ttheyre will be an important use case perhaps both in prophylaxis and in treatment of mild to moderate for years to come. And we are doing everything we can to bring forward tthey very best solutions for patients, of which bamlanivimab has already had an impact in 1404, is our next generation molecule. Puneet Souda Okay. Thank you. Operator Your final question is from Do Kim with BMO. Do Kim Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on all tthey progress you had last year. I wanted to ask about your 52 cumulative program starts. Could you provide us how many of those programs do you participate in tthey downstream economics? It looks like from your graph that some of those programs with that downstream completed last year. I just want to get a sense of tthey number of tthey ones that do participate in tthey downstream economics. And I appreciate that you have limited visibility wtheyn your partner takes over tthey development of a program, but could you tell us how many programs are currently in your partner’s hands and past tthey discovery stage? And tthey contracts that haven’t started, what’s tthey gating factor for a partner to move forward and start tthey program? Andrew Booth Yes. Thanks, Do. Andrew theyre, I’ll take tthey start of that question. So in terms of tthey program starts in 2020, how many of ttheym have downstream milestones and royalties or downstream economics. I believe that all of ttheym do in 2020. As I mentioned on tthey call, in 2018 we stopped executing on contracts that didn’t have downstream milestones and royalties. That’s not to say ttheyre are cases like for Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and et cetera, that wtheyre we would do additional programs with ttheym, but we haven’t had any of those in 2020. You’ll even see that we converted some of tthey programs, which we had previously worked on in a renewal or an increase in tthey contract or an expansion of tthey contract that previously did not have downstream milestones and royalties. We even converted ttheym into ones that do have it. Overall, 103 programs under contract, 80 of those programs have got downstream milestones and royalties. And really going forward, tthey program starts will really all be of those that have variety. You asked what is tthey constraint in terms of doing more programs. Normally in ttheyse multi-year multi-target deals, say an eight-target deal over three or four years, it would be tthey plan that tthey customer would be calling two targets a year for us to work on. So that’s wtheyre I say really that 103 programs under contract that’s secured future work for us to do, it’s not a backlog, it is – that’s how we would be anticipating to take tthey platform to market. And we will be waiting for tthey customer to call a target, agree on a statement of work with our R&D team, arrange reagents, and ttheyn we would actually start tthey discovery work on that program. To-date, we haven’t been capacity constraints. So we haven’t been in a situation wtheyre a customer has asked us to start and we didn’t have tthey capacity to do so. So with our investments, we hope to say that’s always going to be tthey case with building out tthey capacity and tthey teams, et cetera, and facilities. Now, tthey last question that you asked, which was about how do we get information on – once we have handed programs off to our customer, how do we get information about ttheyir progress through preclinical. I’ll maybe pass that over to Carl to give you a bit of color. Carl Hansen Yes. I think that question is close to a question that was asked earlier. It depends on tthey nature of tthey relationship. If it’s an ongoing collaboration with multiple targets, ttheyn it’s very likely that we have an ongoing dialogue about tthey status of molecules as ttheyy’re moving through a pre-clinical development. That is more and more tthey case. It wasn’t always tthey case in tthey early years. So wtheyn we have insights, ttheyn we keep a close eye on that. And of course again once molecules reach defined eittheyr technical or clinical milestones, ttheyn contractually we get an update on that. And to tthey extent that we can, we will be reporting that back publicly. Do Kim I just wanted to clarify on one of your answers. On tthey 52 program starts that you have accumulated to tthey end of 2020, how many of those have downstream participation? Is it 30 out of tthey 52? Just want to get a number on that. Carl Hansen Yes. From tthey graph, I think it looks to be about 30 and that sounds about right. I’m looking at tthey graph as well as you are. So that 30, 32, it might be like 20 programs that don’t, and ttheyn tthey remainder that do is tthey best I can tell. So that’s about tthey ballpark. Do Kim Okay. And a follow-up on tthey economics that you have with ttheyse partners, is ttheyre a level of variability of tthey agreements in terms of tthey size of tthey milestone payments and tthey size of tthey deal? And what determines tthey differences in tthey economics? Is it tthey indication that ttheyse partners are going for, or tthey partners’ requirement of using tthey full stack of technologies or just part of it? Carl Hansen Ttheyre’s several factors. Carl Hansen theyre, I’ll take that one. Tthey first is that it is not tthey case that every deal is tthey same. So we right-size tthey terms according to tthey value that we’re bringing to tthey partner and a few things to sort of add color onto that. Over tthey course of tthey last few years, we’ve seen a trend upwards in terms of tthey terms and in particular, in tthey royalties, which we view as tthey most important part and tthey most important term in terms of value to us in any agreement. We’ve also seen differences in terms depending on tthey class of targets or tthey difficulty of tthey discovery program. We’ve worked on, as I mentioned, some of tthey tougtheyst programs in tthey industry successfully that includes targets such as GPCRs and ion channels. Naturally for those very difficult targets, you would expect that success would be connected to a larger stake in tthey ultimate development and sales of those products. Tthey ottheyr tthey ottheyr element which you alluded to is as we continue to add technologies such as tthey addition of humanized rodents through Trianni, programs that include bispecifics through tthey OrthoMab platform and increase both tthey amount of data and tthey forward integration of our development, ttheyn naturally we expect that tthey terms of those deals will reflect that and will move upwards. And so for all those reasons, we are seeing a growth in tthey size of business terms and our participation in success and that is one that we keep a close eye on. And as I mentioned, for us tthey most important of those is of course tthey royalty. Do Kim Great. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats, again. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions. At ttheir time, I’ll turn tthey call back over to Carl Hansen for closing remarks. Carl Hansen Thank you all for joining us today. Ttheir is an exciting time for AbCellera and we’re looking forward to keeping you updated on our progress on future calls. Thanks everyone. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.