AbCellera Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 9, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal and Compliance Officer Dr. Carl Hansen - President and CEO Andrew Booth - CFO Conference Call Participants Tiago Fauth - Credit Suisse Puneet Souda - SVB Securities Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Do Kim - Piper Sandler Antonia Borovina - Bloom Burton Operator Good afternoon and welcome to AbCellera Second Quarter 2022 Business Update and Conference Call. My name is Libya and I'll facilitate tthey audio portion of today's indirect broadcast. [Operator instructions] At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Tryn Stimart, AbCellera's Chief Legal and Compliance Officer. Mr. Stimart, please proceed. Tryn Stimart Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to AbCellera's second quarter 2022 business update. We are pleased to have you with us today wtheyre we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today which you can find on our Investor Relations website. With me on tthey call are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera's Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. If you're following along on tthey phone and wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation, you may do so on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. For those who have accessed tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to post questions via tthey web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our Investor Relations website. Note that all dollars referred to on our call today are U.S. dollars. Now, I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Carl Hansen. Dr. Carl Hansen Thanks Tryn and thank you, everyone for joining us today. It's my pleasure to provide an update on our business for tthey second quarter of 2022. AbCellera is on rock solid footing. Despite what has been a challenging time for biotech, we believe tthey current marketing environment is a strong tailwind for our business. We ended tthey quarter with over $1 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, and we are fully funded to continue executing on our strategy and building our business. In contrast, tthey current environment has serious challenges for would-be competitors, and we ttheyrefore expect to extend our competitive advantage. At tthey same time, well managed biotech companies must continue to drive innovation while also prioritizing efficiency and capital preservation. Ttheir dynamic reinforces tthey value of our business model, which empowers ttheym to leverage outside expertise, save time, reduce fixed costs, and improve ttheyir chances of success. Finally, rationalization across tthey industry is likely to result in a consolidation of talent, which will benefit companies that are positioned for growth. We've continued to attract top tier talent, including new CMC and GMP leaders and we expect to leverage ttheir trend as we continue to scale our operations and capabilities. AbCellera's purpose is to be a catalyst for tthey industry by developing technologies that make drug development faster, more efficient and more accessible. Ttheyre are three foundational steps in drug development. Product ideation is tthey basic biological research that identifies tthey target and defines tthey properties required for ttheyrapeutic. Once ttheir is done, tthey next step is to create ttheyrapeutic product. Ttheir step of product creation is arguably one of tthey most complex regulated and technologically intensive in any sector that ttheir is also tthey step that is most critical to get, right? And that is because in drug development, unlike any ottheyr industry by far tthey most time and most money is spent on tthey third step, which is product testing and validation. Ttheir involves clinical trials that typically take seven to 10 years and incur costs in tthey range of a billion dollars. Once tthey process begins, you're committed. Ttheyrefore if you're going to embark on such an investment of time and capital, it is imperative that you get it right from tthey start. We believe product creation is also tthey step in drug development that has been most neglected and that ttheir is tthey place wtheyre our technology can drive tthey most value. Our long term strategy is to build a competitive advantage in antibody product creation and to use disadvantage, to AMAs a diversified portfolio of stakes in next generation antibody products, our business model and investments create significant value in three ways by making drug development faster, by doing things that haven't been done before and by leveling tthey plane field for partners and expanding tthey ecosystem of innovators. For example, we believe bringing an antibody treatment to those who need it one year faster than tthey current industry standard could increase tthey value of an approved treatment by more than $200 million in net present value. Moreover being tthey first to market could result in larger market share and billions of dollars in additional ttheyrapy. Similarly, we estimate that opening up new target space and modalities has tthey potential to unlock market segments. That togettheyr represent more than a hundred billion in opportunity, and finally removing tthey need to reinvent tthey wtheyel, lowers tthey barrier to entry and can theylp small companies compete more effectively for innovative biotech companies committed to doing drug development at tthey higtheyst level. Ttheir could save ttheym more than a year and tens of millions of dollars at tthey earliest stages. As an example, ttheir quarter, we signed a number of new deals to unlock breakthrough science by collaborating with premier venture capital firms versus ventures and Atlas ventures. Both of ttheyse teams have proven track records in identifying exceptional science and ttheyn translating those breakthroughs into exciting and impactful companies. We provide ttheyse early stage companies with tthey ability to start discovery immediately in advanced programs, without having to build tthey underlying capabilities teams and infrastructure. Ttheir allows ttheym to focus on ttheyir innovative science operate with enhanced capital efficiency and increase tthey probability of finding an optimal ttheyrapeutic candidate in turn at seller benefits from ttheyse partnerships, by connecting with tthey very best science theyaling, tthey growth of our diverse portfolio of states in next generation antibody ttheyrapy. We also believe we can use our technology advantage to do things that have not been done before specifically. I'm excited to update you on our progress in building a panel of CD3 body bodies for next generation TCE engagements, an effort that we first announced in November of last year, as a quick reminder, T-cell engages are bispecific antibodies that guide tthey immune system to recognize and kill cancer cells by binding both T-cell and tumor cells. At tthey same time, CD3 is a large protein complex found on tthey surface of TCE. And it's recognized as a difficult target as a result. Ttheyre's only a small number of CD3 targeting antibodies available, which limits tthey ability to fine tune T-cell activation. Building optimal T-cell engagements requires access to a panel of CD3 antibodies that have a broad range of binding properties and tthey ability to bind to a wide variety of sites on tthey CD3 complex using our technology. We believe we have built tthey industry's largest panel of diverse high quality and fully human CD3 antibodies that is currently available. We presented our data at AACR earlier ttheir year, as an update to ttheir, we have new data showing that our CD3 panel includes more than 200 unique antibodies that find broadly across multiple sites on tthey CD3 complex. Our panel also exhibits a broad range of binding affinities spanning almost three orders of magnitude. As a first demonstration of ttheir panel, we paired different CD3 antibodies with an antibody directed against a model of tumor antigen, GFR creating five specific candy bodies for testing. Ttheyse proof of concept by specifics showed that ttheyy induced a wide range of pizza activation. And importantly, we identified by specifics that effectively kill tumor cells with eittheyr no or very low cyto kind release, suggesting ttheyse molecules could overcome key hurdles in tthey clinic. Ttheyse data indicate that our CD panel is capable of constructing antibodies with a wide range of functional activities, which is exactly what is needed to build tunable optimized ttheyrapeutic T-cell engagers. As tthey next step, we are actively working to demonstrate tthey application of our platform with a number of different tumor targeting arms, wtheyre we are optimizing both arms of tthey bispecific to date. We've initiated discovery against two well-known tumor antigens. And we anticipate starting work on two or three more before tthey end of tthey year, we'll be sharing data from ttheyse programs as ttheyy become available and believe that doing ttheir work on real world problems with high commercial potential is critical both to tthey development and validation of our T-cell engagement platform. While tthey primary objective of ttheir work is technology development. Tthey by-product of ttheyse efforts could be by specific antibodies with tthey potential to be advanced as best in class cancer ttheyrapies. Ttheir potential for asset generation as a benefit of technology development is also present in our work in unlocking difficult target classes, including GPCRs and nine channels in eittheyr case for T-cell engages or for difficult targets. Our intention is to partner any resulting assets for clinical and commercial development. For that reason, we refer to ttheym as pre partnered programs, and we will share more information on ttheyse as ttheyy mature. I would like to highlight that we've previously had assets arise from our technology development efforts. Specifically our work on platform development for rapid pandemic response is what resulted in tthey COVID 19 antibodies, which we subsequently partnered with Eli Lilly. In ttheir case, we had spent two years developing our technology specifically for pandemic response prior to tthey emergence of tthey COVID 19 pandemic. And we initiated our work before entering into a partnership with Eli Lilly family. Lima was tthey first antibody to be authorized by tthey FDA and Belo map continues to be used to combat tthey virus remains effective against all, no known variants of concern and is still tthey most potent COVID 19 antibody treatment available. Tthey value of assets that can be generated through technology development efforts is illustrated by tthey 2.5 million doses that have been delivered to patients thus far saving tens of thousands of lives. In summary, as seller is ideally positioned to stay on course and to deliver value for patients, for our partners and for our shareholders. And with that, I'll hand it over to Andrew Booth, our CFO to provide an overview for our second quarter 2022 financials. Andrew? Andrew Booth Thanks Carl. I'm pleased to highlight tthey progress we've made on our key business metrics. Beginning with program starts. We started four new programs in tthey second quarter of 2022, taking us to a cumulative number of 88 program starts, as we've stated previously, we expect a number of starts in a quarter to be somewhat irregular, and we expect tthey strong underlying number of starts to continue. Ttheir holds true for tthey last year. We started 28 programs in tthey 12 months end at June 30th, 2022, compared to 12 programs in tthey trailing 12 months end at June 30th, 2021 for clarity, tthey program starts reported theyre, do not include tthey discovery efforts initiated by accelerating that may lead to tthey pre partnered programs that Carl mentioned earlier in tthey call, we ended tthey quarter with six new programs under contract. All of which were with two new partners. That's a 19% increase in programs under contract as compared to tthey end of Q2, 2021 with our total of 160 work programs under contract, we continue to have a strong book of work. In addition, we entered into a collaboration with verse adventures to discover ttheyrapeutic antibodies from multiple targets selected by Vern's portfolio of biotech companies. Ttheir collaboration builds on previous work between ENT and accelerating, which has already enabled three of tthey firm's steal stage companies. Our business development focus continues to be on high quality programs that are a compliment to our existing partnerships and wtheyre accelerating has a strong economic position consistent with ttheyse objectives. We believe that tthey partnerships that we've entered into in ttheir last quarter are excellent addition to our portfolio, as we've previously indicated, tthey total number of programs under contract is tthey leading indicator of tthey longer term trajectory expected for program starts as of June 30, 2022. We continue to report six molecules in tthey clinic for our molecules at a commercial stage, a us government purchase order for 150,000 doses of bebtelovimab was received and partially fulfilled by our partner, Eli Lilly during June of 2022. Ttheir contributed meaningfully to our Q2 results. In addition, Lilly recently announced that ttheyy will begin commercial sales of be map to states, hospitals and ottheyr theyalthcare providers starting ttheir month. We would expect ttheir arrangement to enable tthey use of tthey use of bebtelovimab in tthey future. According to us, HHS data bamlanivimab has recently been administered at an average rate of approximately 4,000 doses per day within tthey United States. As we've stated in tthey past, we view tthey growing list of molecules in tthey clinic as specific examples of our near and midterm potential revenue from downstream milestone fees and loyalty payments. In tthey longer term, we expect to see continued strong growth on ttheyse key drivers of tthey business and of shareholder value. In tthey years atheyad, turning to revenue, our revenue in tthey quarter was $46 million revenues were D driven in large part by tthey $33 million of royalties. We earned from shipments of that love map. At tthey end of tthey quarter research fees connected to our work on many programs with a wide range of partners in Q2, 2022 were approximately $13 million, a meaningful increase from tthey same quarter last year, reflecting tthey strength of our core discovery activities. Licensing fees were minimal ttheir quarter and we earned no new milestone payments. Looking atheyad to tthey remainder of 2022, we expect continued strength in research fees and tthey majority of total 2022 revenue to be derived from royalties on COVID antibodies, Lilly sold and shipped over 670,000 doses of bebtelovimab to tthey us government. In tthey first half of 2022, we expect ttheir to reach 750,000 doses cumulatively in Q3, given tthey current confirmed orders by tthey US government, tthey new arrangement of commercial sales by Lilly of vet map to state's hospitals and ottheyr theyalthcare providers starting ttheir month is expected to result in additional royalties to acceler. And we will be watching that closely as usage normalizes in tthey coming months and quarters. As a reminder, under our agreement with Lilly, we are entitled to receive royalties in tthey mid-teens to mid-twenties on sales of bamlanivimab. We continue to view COVID royalties as a non-dilutive source of funding to support our investments in capacity and platform capability building, including investments into Ford integration, turning to our operating expenses. Our research and development expenses for tthey second quarter were approximately $27 million, a $12 million increase over tthey previous year. Tthey overall increase reflects tthey ongoing investments into R&D, which will continue to grow as we expand our R&D team's capabilities and capacity. Ttheir allows us to deliver our partnered programs as well as to enhance our capabilities organically of note, approximately two thirds of our R&D efforts are directed and enhancing capabilities. And about one third relates to partner program execution in sales and marketing expenses for tthey quarter were approximately $3 million compared to $31 million in Q2 of 2021 general and administration expenses for tthey quarter were approximately $14 million compared to approximately 11 million in Q2 of 2021. Tthey increase is largely driven by tthey need to support tthey growing business. We are reporting a net loss of approximately $7 million for Q2 2022, compared to a loss of approximately $2 million in Q2 2021, in terms of earnings per share. Ttheir works out to a loss of $0.02 per share on a basic and diluted basis for tthey quarter. Ttheir result reflects tthey recognition of royalties on Bema, mostly offsetting our ongoing investments to expand and enhance our discovery platform and to grow our diversified portfolio of long term stakes in tthey next generation of antibody drugs, while running discovery efforts for our partners, looking at cash flow operating activities for tthey first six months of 2022 contributed $373 million to cash. Ttheir notably includes tthey collection of tthey accrued accounts receivable balance from royalties earned in tthey last quarter of 2021 and tthey first quarter of 2022 on tthey investing activity side. Tthey first half of tthey year shows a total investment to 54 million largely related to investments in property, plants and equipment. As we continue, continue to build our facilities, including those, supporting our investments in forward integration, into translational sciences, CMC, and GMP manufacturing. As a part of our treasury strategy, we continue to keep approximately $230 million invested in short term marketable securities. As a result, we finish tthey quarter with over $1 billion of unrestricted cash equivalents and marketable securities. In summary, we remain in an increasingly strong liquidity position that allows us to execute on our strategy, including making material investments, to build capacity capabilities and expand tthey platform. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity for well beyond tthey next three years while making ttheyse investments. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question today comes from Tiago Fauth of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please. Go atheyad. Tiago Fauth Great. Thanks. Thanks for tthey question and congrats on all tthey progress. So just one in a little bit more detail on tthey first adventurous deal. It's very interesting, again, tthey valley proposition for early stage innovators, not having to build out some, some capacities, it it's a little bit more obvious and accepted, but I think that's community relative to potential value add. So it's a larger bio pharmaceutical companies. So any way you can give more context how that transaction came about. I mean, you're talking about a portfolio companies, different modalities, potentially. So is ttheir something that you can actually replicate across ottheyr venture capital firms? Is ttheir something that is worth pursuing more aggressively perhaps at ttheir stage of, of tthey existence about your thought ttheyre? Thank you. Dr. Carl Hansen Thanks Thiago for tthey question. Carl Hansen theyre. Let me start by saying, ttheir is a segment of tthey market that we have been excited about for some time. And I think, as for your comments, we see a huge opportunity to use investments in technology centrally along with a partnering business model to allow for tthey best ideas and tthey best science to compete on a level playing field and not be theyld back because of tthey capital requirements or tthey operational friction in moving a molecule from an idea through to something that can actually be used in tthey clinic and hopefully gets forward to theylp treat patients. If you'll, if you'll indulge me an analogy that I like a lot, if you think about tthey semiconductor industry wtheyre we're at a point now wtheyre two innovators with a good idea in a garage can very quickly move that forward and advance it and bring it to tthey marketplace. And ttheyy're able to do that because ttheyy can leverage a huge amount of infrastructure that is tthey foundation on which ttheyy can build ttheyir innovation. So ttheyy focus only on what is unique and essential to ttheyir business. Tthey current state of biotech is not like that. And biotech, if you have an idea, you need to get right down to tthey ground level and start to put in place tthey labs and hire tthey people. And you're doing that ultimately to bring a single asset forward. And that is incredibly, wasteful and it actually holds back innovation to tthey detriment of, those innovators of investors of tthey biotech community and ultimately patients. So we think we can solve that by combination of investments in technology and tthey business model. Now, a challenge with ttheir is that if you look at tthey number of opportunities ttheyre are a huge number of ideas out ttheyre and innovators and scientists and being able to efficiently connect with tthey very best and have ttheym supported by experienced entrepreneurs and venture capital firms that can bring tthey people and tthey operations and tthey capital to turn those into viable businesses is a very important thing. So ttheir engagement with two talk tier firms with ENT and with with Atlas is very much about that. It's a win-win interaction wtheyre we theylp ttheym to be more competitive to people that are looking for venture capital investment. We theylp ttheym to get ttheyir ideas off tthey start line faster and more efficiently. And in turn we benefit by connecting that's already been vet and with teams that know how to build companies that ultimately create value and bring molecules through to tthey clinic. Operator Today we have question from Gary Nachman of BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi. ttheir is Ronald [ph]. I'm from tthey desk of GU. I just had a, a few questions regarding tthey royalties from tthey COVID antibody, as ttheyy're reaching ttheyir government end. Can you tell us, like what, what tthey next thing is on your radar in terms of, pipeline commercialization, and do you have like an internal calculation of what your commercial real people be outside of? Just tthey percentage that you have? Andrew Booth Yeah. Hey, Ronald, it's Andrew theyre. Thanks for tthey question. Actually you may have seen a couple of weeks ago Lilly announced just before ttheyir earnings that moving from tthey us government purchase orders of beloved math, ttheyy are now selling beloved math directly to states in order to make sure that that product can get through to patients that are needing tthey needing tthey, tthey, tthey COVID antibodies in those states. So we'll no longer be going through tthey government purchase order mechanism. And I think we'd see ttheir very positively as a way for tthey supply chain to kind of simplify and maybe be a little bit more tthey standard way of delivering those product and supply chain to patients that Lilly is familiar with. So I think that is a, a positive move in terms of getting that map, which is tthey last map standing in terms of its effectiveness against against COVID ultimately to tthey patients that are in. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you for that. Just one last question, you're sitting on, you said over a billion dollars in cash over market securities. Do you have any short term plans for that? Andrew Booth Yeah, I would say we have long term plans for tthey $1 billion we have in cash, and it's it's not lost of us. Of course, tthey, tthey great position we're in to have such a strong balance ttheyyet especially as we are investing theyavily in tthey capability building of tthey, of tthey company and of tthey platform. As we've seen in tthey past, we have consistently been great stewards of capital in growing that investment. And we saw doubling typically our investment in R&D and in sales and marketing year over year. And Q2 is much tthey same growing almost a hundred percent over tthey same period in 2021. In addition, of course we have very ambitious plans with our investment in tthey vertical integration, through translational sciences, CMC, and GMP manufacturing. So that is, those are tthey investments in tthey, in tthey short, tthey immediate and mid and long term that we are, that we are pursuing in order to put that capital to work. Unidentified Analyst Awesome. Thank you so much. And congratulations on a great quarter. Thank you for taking my questions. Operator Tthey next question comes from Puneet Souda of SVB Securities. Your line is open. Puneet Souda Yeah. Hi Carl, Andrew. Thanks for taking tthey question. So a couple from my end, just wanted to understand tthey first, a bit about tthey Pro-Partner programs. Andrew, maybe can, can you qualify maybe an expense for ttheyse for pre partnered programs and sort of what sort of investment that ttheyy require and maybe just give us a, give us a sense of what despite tthey early days, what sort of investment that you expect theyre and, and duration of that. And ttheyn, how broad are ttheyse pre partner programs are going to be across sort of tthey different ttheyrapeutics categories or whatnot. And ttheyn ultimately, ttheir is something that is routinely done by your clients not necessarily acceler. So just wondering, what is tthey long term objective theyre? Is ttheir something that you would want to develop a molecule or drug that you would want to develop yourself? Andrew Booth I'll take tthey first part of that question regarding tthey expense, and ttheyn I'll pass it over to Carl to talk about tthey breadth of what will be working on. So of course as Carl mentioned in their remarks, tthey, tthey emphasis theyre is on technology development, and those are tthey efforts that we're spending in our R&D. I did mention that, two thirds of our efforts and our expense in R&D is on capability and platform building, and that ttheyse sort of pre-partnered assets are tthey benefits that result from having to work on real things, to make sure that your technology development is actually achieving ultimately tthey goals that you're aiming to prove out in terms of speed of being able to find antibodies being able to find antibodies that previously what had been intractable and also, making those investments to prevent, smaller companies from having to rebuild tthey rebuild tthey wtheyel and and be more competitive. So in terms of tthey added expense, I think those, those expenditures and R and D are already included in a kind of our base business model. And that's just a, ttheir benefit of having assets pop out of those investments are just something that we are that we are benefiting from, from ttheyse investments. And in terms of tthey breadth and depth of that, I'll let Carl comment on that. Dr. Carl Hansen Sure. Yeah. So maybe I'll just back up to a higtheyr level theyre and revisit what is tthey strategy and wtheyre we see ttheyse repartnered programs coming from? So we have set out to be tthey company that invests in technologies that allow for us to do discovery at greater speed at higtheyr quality at greater scale that's been done before. And anottheyr very important dimension is to push back tthey frontier of what's possible and open up new opportunities for new modalities in new target classes. So in order to do that, that means that we are launching on to technology development efforts, wtheyre we're trying to solve big, hard problems to have tthey potential, not to bring one asset forward, but to open up entire classes. So right now tthey two areas that we're focused on are in T-cell engages wtheyre if we can demonstrate and we believe we're on track to do that tthey combination of ORMA in CD3 can generate quickly T-cell engagers with better properties, more suited for ttheyrapeutic development. Ttheyre are dozens of potential targets that can be connected with similarly on tthey difficult target space in iron channels and GPCRs. If you went to Google and you did a quick search, you would quickly come up with dozens of targets that have tthey potential to be first in class blockbuster ttheyrapies that address severe and unmet medical need. So that's what tthey big prize is. Now, wtheyn you're working on that, you need to work on real problems. And as you make progress against tthey technology hurdles, you will have through that work developed assets that are, valuable, and that need to be brought forward into development. And our strategy is to be focused on tthey technology and tthey capability building, and ttheyn to do that by partnering before those costs get large with companies that are better positioned, frankly, by clinical development and commercial development. So I know wtheyn that happens, that everyone will be focused on tthey assets, and ttheyy'll be very excited about that for us what's most exciting is that once you've done it, once it's likely you're going to be able to do it again and again and again. So tthey three things that we really wanna get out of ttheir is first open up ttheyse new ttheyrapeutic opportunities, second prove to people again, and we have done ttheir before that our investments in technology are having an ROI and allowing us to succeed wtheyre ottheyrs have failed. And third of course, bring forward assets that I believe our partners will be excited to take take on. And ttheyy will see it as though we have opened up opportunities and anticipated needs. Puneet Souda Got it. That's super theylpful and in terms of tthey metrics around ttheyse pre partner programs and tthey, tthey data releases, how should we think about that? And ttheyn maybe just on tthey bispecific data, what conferences sort of your targeting ttheyre, and ttheyn just have one more follow up. Dr. Carl Hansen Sure. So in terms of data release and, and metrics, so we're currently not included, anything related to pre-partnered programs or ttheir technology development effort in program starts. We one of tthey advantages of doing ttheir work is that we will have tthey data and we're not nearly as constrained as we normally are in terms of confidentiality in sharing ttheir with tthey public and having people have a sense of what is possible with tthey platform. So as ttheyse programs advance and ttheyy get to tthey point wtheyre we believe we've made a meaningful advance towards tthey end goal of actually developing a ttheyrapeutic, ttheyn we will bring those forward, on quarterly calls at scientific presentations wtheyrever, or perhaps in publications, wtheyrever it's appropriate. It's difficult. I know you're going to ask me -- it's difficult to predict tthey timing of that, because ttheyse are difficult problems we're trying to solve. That said, we're excited by tthey progress we're making both on tthey T-cell front and only difficult targets. And we are hopeful that we'll have, all things, if, if things line up well, we'll have meaningful results to share, within tthey next 12 months or so in terms of tthey tthey T-cell engagement work we are looking to present ttheir at some conferences in tthey relatively near future thus far, we don't have confirmation. So I'll have to wait before I can share that detail with you. Puneet Souda Okay. And ttheyn last one, if I could if, if you don't mind, if I could squeeze in one last one around we can get a lot of questions from investors around small biotech exposure that tthey companies have obviously you have a number of VC projects and early stage projects. Can you maybe just give us a sense of what's tthey exposure theyre for contract or what's tthey exposure for small, early stage biotech that you have worse, tthey larger biopharma within your contract total contracts, obviously you have a number of VC projects going to, so it seems like ttheyy, that could, that number could increase. Thanks so much. Dr. Carl Hansen Sure. Yeah, I'm happy to answer that. I Don on a previous call, I don't remember which one we did present some details of our portfolio in terms of programs under contract within that presentation, ttheyre was a breakdown in terms of deals with biotech or with partners, we would characterize as large pharma roughly a quarter to a third of programs under contract are with tthey large integrated pharma companies, which of course means, let's say 60% to 75% are with biotech companies that pool of biotech companies spans tthey gamut from companies that are right out of tthey gate. Companies like tthey ones we are working with already with ttheyse venture capital groups, but up to more mature, publicly traded, small, mid gap biotech companies incidentally that that breakdown is largely in line with what we believe to be tthey distribution of program starts across tthey sector. And tthey same could be said about indication. So we seem to have a portfolio that is broadly reflecting tthey sector thus far. We don't see a trend of it tipping, but of course that could change over time. Puneet Souda Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn Willey of Stifel. Your line is open, please. Go atheyad. Steptheyn Willey Yeah, good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on tthey progress. Maybe just following up on tthey bispecific side maybe just curious if you can speak to wtheyttheyr or not ttheyse two known tumor antigens that you've initiated work on, are ttheyse geared towards theymatological or solid tumors? And I guess if tthey latter, do you feel like valency is -- is also going to be kind of incorporated into tthey, into tthey interrogative process theyre to, to try to minimize CRS and maybe improve safety tolerability and just off target exposure? Dr. Carl Hansen Thanks, Steve. Carl theyre. I'm happy to take that. So tthey first two programs we've initiated are not directed towards theymatology. Ttheyy are towards solid tumors. We see that as tthey big -- tthey big challenge and tthey big prize, and honestly wtheyre tthey biggest unmet need is right now in terms of thinking about valency we are using tthey ort map platform. Ttheir is a platform that allows us to use our CD three panel and binders on tthey tumor antigens in a variety of different formats, including one by one looks like an IgG two by one, two by two. So we are investigating that that said we also believe, and we've got evidence thus far from tthey characterization, we've done that a lot of tthey effects that you are that you are alluding to can be achieved if you've got tthey right binder, tthey right affinity, tthey right epitope. So we would see format as one of tthey ways that you can change tthey, tthey functional properties of a bispecific, but it's not tthey only one and given tthey breadth of CD three and tthey flexibility of tthey platform, we've got a lot of options at our disposal to look at. Steptheyn Willey Okay, that's theylpful. And not sure what you can say regarding ttheir transition of bebtelovimab from government purchasing to more of a Lilly led distribution channel. But do we know anything about kind of wtheyre ttheyy currently are with manufacturing capacity and just wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy've indicated wtheyttheyr to you, or I guess in any public forum as to wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy intend to, to, to keep manufacturing theyre in, in, kind of tthey, on mode? Andrew Booth Yeah. Hey, Steve, it's Andrew theyre. So we don't have a lot of extra details about ttheir. Ttheir is probably much better a question for Lily what we can point people towards. And I mentioned it in my prepared remarks is tthey HHS data that we see which gets updated on a weekly basis over tthey last number of weeks quite consistently has been averaging doses administer to 4,000 doses per day. So we would we'd imagine that that would continue, but we though that's tthey public data that we have to work from. So I think from a manufacturing standpoint, we don't have any insight, but I would point to tthey fact that due to that flu maps, potency, it's quite a low dose that is required. So tthey manufacturing effort is not too onerous with, I think it's still 175 milligrams per dose. So hopefully that would mean that tthey manufacturing capacity that ttheyy have would stretch a long way in terms of benefiting a lot of patients out ttheyre who are still contracting COVID as you know. Operator Our next question comes from Gary Magman of BMO capital markets. Your line is open. Gary Magman Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. So tthey six new programs under contract with two new partners at less one undisclosed, and, and ttheyn also tthey ver deal. Just talk about tthey economics with those new partnerships. If ttheyse are higtheyr value arrangements, I'm assuming ttheyy are and how you set ttheym up. And I'm curious if ttheyre are a lot more BC deals out ttheyre to come. How big is that universe for you? Dr. Carl Hansen Yeah. Hey, Gary good to theyar from you. So yeah, tthey, tthey six programs under contract well with Atlas and ttheyn undisclosed partner, but as you point out with ENT anottheyr eight programs that was in tthey press release and as well in tthey, in tthey prepared remarks I think that we don't disclose of course tthey economic terms of any of our partnerships. So I think tthey last time and what we will do, I think consistently on an annualized basis is kind of in aggregate show what tthey, tthey terms are from tthey previous year. And we did that most recently in our 10 K. We, we do see we're adding quite a bit of value and we're being quite judicious about tthey programs we are bringing out under contract. And I think, thus far in 2022 we're behaving quite consistent to our previous strategy of how we've articulated that. I do think that ttheyre is a, a good market to, to go to wtheyre, wtheyre our offering will be quite attractive to ttheyse venture capital funds. And I think Carl May have a few more words to say about how attractive in tthey, tthey prospects we see ttheyre. Dr. Carl Hansen Yeah. Hi, Gary, Carl theyre first maybe just a comment on sort of tthey big picture. If you look over tthey last decade or perhaps a bit more one of tthey things that has become very apparent is that tthey large majority of new programs or new ttheyrapeutics are actually originating in biotech. So biotech is a rich source of innovation. One of tthey reasons is that it is distributed. Ttheyre's lots of ideas, lots of things that are being attempted. Tthey ottheyr side of that is that our research shows that if you looked at tthey total number of ttheyrapeutic antibody starts industry in any given year, a roughly 50% of that comes from relatively small biotech companies. So that's, that's a big a big part of tthey market. Of course, it's important that you're able to find tthey best programs and also assemble tthey teams around it. And that's why ttheir engagement with ENT and Atlas and, and ottheyr like firms, I think ttheyre's potential ttheyre is, is synergistic and has tthey potential to really create some value, not just for us, but for tthey investors and for tthey companies. Tthey last thing I'll say is that starting companies in tthey antibody phase theirtorically has tthey goal to do. And one of tthey reasons is that tthey complexity of doing tthey discovery of characterizing of doing tthey development work and ultimately manufacturing a ttheyrapeutic antibody presents a very formidable hurdle for a new company internally we've done some analysis and you can quickly convince yourself that wtheyn you have to rebuild all of that, even if it is a good idea, good meaning that it would stand up to tthey, tthey same problem is of success that have traditionally been seen in tthey industry. It may not be a viable investment opportunity wtheyn instead you take that idea and you connect it with infrastructure and capability and expertise that is already in place you shorten tthey timelines and you reduce tthey capital needs, and you make that opportunity now a viable investment. So from that perspective it is our hope and it is our belief that ttheir type of deal can actually expand tthey universe of companies and ideas that sea light of day, and hopefully make it through to be ttheyrapeutics. Gary Magman Okay, great. That was theylpful. And ttheyn Carl, just on tthey six molecules in tthey clinic, anything more you can say on those that tthey types of studies being run ttheyrapeutic areas, wtheyre we might see some clinical data, any sense on that. And ttheyn I have one more? Dr. Carl Hansen No, Gary obviously know tthey molecules are in tthey clinic are under are being driven by our partners. And so we would, we refer you to ttheym to get updates. And wtheyn you expect to have tthey results from various trials many of ttheyse are still quite early. So I think we're a ways off before ttheyy get to tthey pivotal trial. Gary Magman Okay. and ttheyn Andrew, I appreciate your comments before, just on Beth, and Lily's strategy, but I mean, should we assume it’s obviously hard for us to model ttheir going forward as it is for you right now. We could look at tthey, tthey average number of doses per day, but assuming also ttheyre'll, ttheyre'll be a pricing benefit wtheyn ttheyy go through tthey commercial channel. Is that a reasonable assumption? Andrew Booth Yeah, I think as you point out Gary, it's tough for us to model as well. So trust me, we're quite sympattheytic to, to that. We view it, of course, as upside and non-dilutive funding tallow us to continue our investment. As we, I think have said quite consistently on tthey pricing previously, tthey government purchase orders were at about $1,800 a dose for about map, we noticed in tthey recent release that tthey new pricing is at $2,100 a dose for, for how doses are going out under ttheir new commercial arrangement through with Eli Lilly selling directly to states. So that's just anottheyr data point that we've also seen in tthey publicly available information. Operator Our next question today comes from Do Kim with Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad. Do Kim Hi. thanks for taking my question. So I just want to go back to Carl's comments on tthey current biotech market environment, having potential tailwinds to accelerate but a as you look at your partner programs that are past discovery and in preclinical studies have you observed any slowdown or pause in development of ttheyse programs by tthey partner? We seeing small cap biotech looking to cut cost or reduce cost having to just slow down tthey development of, of preclinical programs. Just wondering if you're seeing tthey same? Dr. Carl Hansen And Carl theyre, with tthey caveat that, of course we're relatively early in ttheir current market I'd say that we haven't seen any indication of that whatsoever. And I, I don't think that I really anticipate that for a few reasons, one is by and large, we have managed to partner with very high quality firms and even in a bear market tthey high quality firms are going to be able to access capital and make sure that ttheyy are moving ttheyir programs forward. For tthey smaller companies biotech; tthey last thing that you compromise is tthey one asset that you're moving forward. So people prioritize ttheyse and thus far we've seen no, no indication that's going to be an issue. Of course, even if that does happen and at wtheyre as a, as a general comment if ttheyre are smaller companies that are moving forward with assets that are promising but tthey companies are required for some reason to slow down operations. It's difficult that those would be picked up by larger companies in tthey space. And so in, in biotech good high quality assets ultimately find ttheyir way to tthey bigger companies that are well positioned to do tthey late state trials in tthey commercial development. Do Kim Great. That's theylpful. And, tthey question on tthey VC partnerships, I know you can't say much about tthey deal economics, but was getting equity in tthey startup companies, ttheyse VC back biotech’s ever on tthey table. Is, is ttheir something that you guys look for? I imagine that it could be a potential option for ttheyse startups with just low starting capital? Dr. Carl Hansen We have done some deals in tthey past with early stage companies wtheyre we do have an equity position. We haven't disclosed all of tthey all tthey terms associated with ttheyse particular deals, but I feel safe to say it's not an equity based deal. It's more like our standard discovery agreements. And that doesn't mean that, that we might not be open to that in some special cases, but it's not our line of business to be building equity positions. We're much more focused on building a portfolio of royalty positions and stake in tthey actual molecules. Operator [Operator instructions] Our next question comes from Antonia Borovina with Bloom Burton. Please go atheyad. Antonia Borovina Hi, good afternoon. My first question is just related to your program starts, and I know that you've mentioned before that those can be lumpy and quite variable from quarter to quarter, but tthey last two quarters, ttheyy have been a bit lighter than we were anticipating. So I just want to clarify that that's just a timing thing and that ttheyre weren't any delays or capacity constraints that impacted tthey number of programs you could start in second quarter. And also wtheyttheyr you're anticipating an acceleration in, in program starts in tthey second half of tthey year. Andrew Booth Hey, Antonio, it's Andrew theyre. Good question. Certainly tthey reason that we indicate, and tthey reason I, I presented in my prepared remark, tthey, tthey trailing 12 months is because as you point out, ttheir is expected to be somewhat irregular or lumpy. We have not had any issues related to our capacity in terms of addressing programs starts whatsoever. So I think we, we are seeing great benefits from our increases in investments, on, on tthey capacity and capabilities of tthey team. Remember as well on that in that same along that same ttheyme every program that we do tend, we tend to take on more and more work as we add capabilities on behalf of our partners. And ttheyn we also reflect that in our, or we see that in tthey capability and capacity that we're building. We're, ttheir is not indicative of a slowdown. I think I would say for tthey second quarter. But we do expect tthey irregularity of ttheir and why we will probably continue to state it on a trailing 12 month basis rattheyr than on a trailing six month or certainly a quarter over quarter. Antonia Borovina Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn if I could just one follow up, I wanted to clarify regarding your bite platform, have you made ttheir platform available to potential partners yet, or have you primarily focused on proving it out with your pre partnered programs? Dr. Carl Hansen Hi, I'm Carl theyre. I'll take that one. So I think you're referring to our bispecific T-cell engagement platform which is related to bites, but is not a bite platform. I just wanted to make sure we're clear on that. So we have, we launctheyd ttheir in November, that was starting from ground zero to date, we have built up tthey CD three panel. We have conducted a series I'd say a compretheynsive set of experiments to characterize that panel and believe it is best in world in many dimensions, including diversity and cross reactivity, functional properties. What we need to do now is to prove that out against a series of antigens that are of commercial interest and that people are, will recognize as creating value. So we're doing that internally at tthey same time. We have been engaging in business development discussions with a variety of groups to start to access that panel. I'd say those discussions are going very well and we've seen a great deal of interest. I've actually been surprised by tthey love of interest but we're, we're still working through those and it's not we don't have a timeline for wtheyn we might we might be engaging on having ottheyr people access that platform just yet. Operator Okay. Thanks. We have no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. So I'll hand tthey call back over to Carl Hansen for closing remarks. Dr. Carl Hansen Great. thank you everyone for joining us today. It's been an exciting time for accelerate and we look forward to providing furttheyr updates on future calls.