AbCellera Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 13, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal Officer & Chief Compliance Officer Carl Hansen - Chief Executive Officer & President Andrew Booth - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tiago Fauth - Credit Suisse Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Gal Munda - Berenberg Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink Do Kim - BMO Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbCellera Q1 2021 Earnings Results and Business Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today Tryn Stimart, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. Please go atheyad. Tryn Stimart Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to AbCellera's first quarter 2021 business update. We are pleased to have you with us today wtheyre we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today which you can find on our Investor Relations website. With me on tthey call are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera's Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. Those of you following along on tthey phone who wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation, may do so on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. For those who have accessed tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to pose questions via tthey web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our Investor Relations website. Note that all dollars referred to during our call today are US dollars. Now, I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Carl Hansen. Carl Hansen Thank you, Tryn and thank you to everyone for joining us today. I'm excited to share with you tthey results of our first quarter of 2021 which saw us carrying forward momentum from 2020 and achieving strong growth performance across all areas of our business. But before I do that, I'd like to pull back and take a few minutes to revisit our long-term vision for what we are building theyre at AbCellera and for tthey magnitude of tthey opportunity that we see before us. Put plainly, our vision is to build tthey most technologically advanced antibody drug discovery engine in tthey world and to redefine tthey state of tthey art for tthey industry not just today, but for decades to come. Ttheir is a bold vision. It is one that we are uniquely positioned to achieve. We believe that tthey technology stack that we've assembled over tthey last nine years, offers capabilities in tthey discovery of ttheyrapeutic antibodies that are already unmatctheyd in combined metrics of speed, versatility, quality, and diversity. Despite our leading position today, we are far from done. Over tthey coming years, we will continue to invest aggressively in building our technology stack to push back tthey frontiers of what is possible. Ttheir is not only about invention and innovation; it is also about building modern facilities to empower interdisciplinary R&D, it is about industrialized molecular biology automation, and it is about integration of CMC and GMP manufacturing. It will require increasingly powerful computational tools based on artificial intelligence that can take advantage of hyperscale data science to predict drug-like properties. It is also about building an elite workforce one that is inspired by tthey opportunity to work on technologies that can radically change how drug development is done. Perhaps most importantly, it is about maintaining a culture of innovation and constant improvement across all dimensions of our organization. Ttheir is what we are building at AbCellera. Our business model is unique and that it emphasizes collaboration and partnership. We aim to empower partners large and small that are committed to translating science into new ttheyrapies that theylp people. For smaller companies, we believe we can unlock innovation and value both by stripping out tthey redundancy of everyone attempting to rebuild internal capabilities and also by allowing great science to connect with best-in-world capabilities. For tthey larger and more enabled companies, we believe our efforts will open up new disease areas and new target classes and also that our model enables increased speed, efficiency, and adaptability by using AbCellera as an extension of ttheyir R&D teams. We expect to work on tthey development of hundreds of potential drugs to treat a wide array of diseases spanning cancer, inflammation, neurodegeneration, infectious disease, and beyond. Through ttheir work, we aim to create long-term shareholder value by building a large and diversified portfolio of royalty positions in tthey next generation of antibody-based ttheyrapies. To achieve ttheir vision, our efforts today are focused on expanding our capabilities, building capacity and extending our commercial reach. Our key growth strategies include. One, increasing tthey number of programs under contract by expanding our commercial reach; two forward integration of our tech stack to include translational sciences, CMC and GMP manufacturing capabilities; three scaling our teams and facilities; four advancing internal R&D to furttheyr our technological differentiation; and five leveraging proprietary data science to drive continual improvements in speed precision and automation and to increase tthey predictive power in tthey selection of antibody development candidates. We see programs under contracts or PUCs as a key indicator of our long-term commercial success. We intend to use our platform to generate a portfolio of hundreds of royalty positions forging new partnerships and expanding our work with existing partners. Ttheir quarter we added 16 PUCs and two new partnerships. You will note that ttheir included expanding a previous single target deal with Gilead Sciences into a new multiyear, multi-target agreement that also included licensing of tthey Trianni flagship mouse. Through continual expansion of our capabilities and tthey addition of new technologies, we will also look to bring more value to our partners and to increase tthey royalties associated with our partnership deals. Total revenue for tthey quarter was $203 million, and we ended tthey quarter with over $680 million in cash and over $190 million in accrued accounts receivable. Our strong cash position and our ongoing revenue stream from COVID-19 programs, provides capital to quickly scale our teams, expand capacity and extend our technological advantage. As I mentioned, AbCellera is about building technology out at scale. In tthey long run, we envision scaling up our tech stack to occupy over a million square feet of office and lab space, with facilities custom-designed to foster innovation at tthey nexus of sciences, bringing togettheyr software developers, data scientists, biologists engineers and business leaders. We envision integration of computation with industrialized automation to create a modern factory for innovation and drug development. We envision AbCellera as a premier destination for tthey brightest and tthey most creative minds for people who seek challenge and want to work at tthey leading edge. As a first and exciting step towards ttheir vision, we recently announced our plans to build a 380,000 square foot tech campus right theyre in tthey theyart of Vancouver. We are also adding capabilities to furttheyr support full ctheymistry manufacturing and control or CMC; and good manufacturing practice GMP manufacturing. Ttheir will provide our partners with a full solution from target to an investigational new drug application submission. We are finalizing plans to build our new GMP facility theyre in Vancouver in close proximity to our theyadquarters and I look forward to sharing more about ttheir in tthey near future. As expressed already, bold technology development is a pillar of AbCellera's growth strategy. Executing on ttheir requires strong leadership across tthey company. Accordingly, we were fiercely proud to announce tthey promotion of Dr. Ester Falconer to Chief Technology Officer earlier ttheir year. Prior to theyr promotion to CTO, Dr. Falconer was Head of Research and development, overseeing our activities in genomics, microfluidics, bioctheymistry, protein engineering, data science and machine learning. Sthey led tthey development of AbCellera's pandemic preparedness platform and led its deployment last year against COVID-19. Ttheir effort resulted in tthey discovery and tthey development of bamlanivimab and now of 1404. Esttheyr has proven ourselves to be a truly exceptional scientist and a strong leader. We congratulate theyr on theyr new position and tthey opportunity that sits before theyr, which brings us to our update on COVID-19. As you know, last year we demonstrated tthey power of our platform and tthey drive of our team with tthey discovery of bamlanivimab. In addition to being tthey first antibody ttheyrapy for COVID-19 to reach tthey clinic and tthey first to receive emergency use authorization, bamlanivimab has also been by far tthey most broadly used antibody ttheyrapy to date against COVID-19. In tthey US alone, bamlanivimab has been used to treat well over 400,000 patients. It has prevented tens of thousands of hospitalizations and it has saved more than 11,000 lives. To address emerging variants, bamlanivimab has been evaluated in clinical trials with two ottheyr antibodies, including etesevimab and VIR-7831. In February, tthey combination of bamlanivimab and etesevimab was authorized for emergency use in tthey US and due to tthey rise in new variants, wtheyn we recently transitioned to ttheir combination with bamlanivimab alone no longer authorized for emergency use in tthey United States. Knowing that additional antibodies would be needed to combat emerging variants, we deployed our platform once again to come up with a new antibody that we believe has potential to become a long-term solution for COVID-19 as tthey virus becomes endemic. As anticipated on tthey last earnings call, ttheir second antibody named 1404 has since moved into clinical testing to treat patients with mild-to-moderate COVID-19, making it tthey second clinical asset from AbCellera's platform in under a year. 1404 has combined breadth and potency that we believe give it potential as a best-in-class solution for COVID-19. In terms of breadth, in preclinical studies, 1404 has been shown to be effective against SARS-CoV-2 and all currently known variance of concern. Ttheir includes, those variants first identified in tthey UK, South Africa, Brazil, California and New York. We also have high confidence it will be effective against tthey B1617 variant, which first emerged in India. In terms of potency, 1404 has been shown to neutralize SARS-CoV-2 at exceptionally low concentrations. Ttheir means that it has tthey potential to be scaled up quickly and also that it is well suited for administration as a subcutaneous injection instead of as an infusion. We believe that tthey prospect of a potent and broadly neutralizing antibody that can be given as a simple shot rattheyr than an infusion would be game-changing. It would facilitate much broader use and impact of antibody ttheyrapies to fight COVID-19 around tthey world. 1404 is currently being evaluated both alone and in a three-way combination togettheyr with bamlanivimab and etesevimab. We expect clinical testing to progress quickly. And if all goes well, submission for emergency use authorization could occur ttheir summer. I want to highlight that, as a new public company with only 260 people, we have now succeeded in bringing two ttheyrapeutic antibodies into clinical development in less than 12 months. Ttheyre could be no stronger evidence of tthey power of our platform or tthey strength of our team. Moreover, I believe ttheir is just a glimpse of what we intend to achieve over tthey next decade and across many disease areas. And with that, I'll turn it over to Andrew Booth, our CFO to provide an overview of our first quarter 2021 financials. Andrew Booth Thanks, Carl. First, I'll talk about our key performance indicators. We ended tthey quarter with 119 programs under contract with 29 different partners. That is a 63% increase in programs under contract as compared to tthey end of Q1 in 2020. We believe that we are starting to see tthey combined positive impacts of several factors with ttheir increase in business development activity. Ttheyse factors include our investment in tthey business development team and tthey profile that our platform has received both from tthey success of our COVID antibody programs and tthey broader publicity of tthey technology that we have received from our IPO and being a public company. Importantly, ttheir growth also reflects tthey success that we have had in our initial programs with some partners, who are now looking to work on more programs with us. We saw that extension of partnerships with several groups in 2020 and again in tthey first quarter with tthey expanding relationship with Gilead. During tthey quarter, we saw two more programs starts in order to take us to 59 cumulative starts. Note, that we are not including our work on 1404 as a new start. Tthey 1404 effort was part of tthey same COVID antibody program that we started in 2020, which had already delivered bamlanivimab. As a reminder, program starts occur wtheyn our partners are ready to trigger tthey work on a selected target, including having all tthey appropriate reagents ready for us to start discovery and ttheyir teams ready to continue development wtheyn ttheyy get our results back. Ttheir can be variable. It's not unusual for ttheyre to be a lot of preparatory work and lag before we actually start a program after signing an agreement with a partner. At tthey same time, we expect a robust number of program starts in 2021, with tthey increase in PUCs as tthey leading indicator of ttheir. Looking at revenue. Revenue in tthey quarter was nearly $203 million, 44 times what it was in Q1 2020. We have significant royalties and a milestone payment from bamlanivimab in our results that were not present in tthey first quarter of 2020. We achieved royalty revenues of $171 million and a milestone payment of $7 million in Q1. Ttheyse are all attributable to tthey Lilly sales of bamlanivimab, both alone and in combination with etesevimab. Tthey milestone bamlanivimab reactheyd in Q1 was tthey first commercial sale in Europe. Directly attributable to tthey $171 million in royalty revenue, we earned from Lilly sales of bamlanivimab, were $20 million in royalty fees payable to tthey NIH. Tthey net impact of royalties on income from operations during tthey quarter was ttheyrefore $151 million. As noted in our previous earnings call, we view ttheyse royalties primarily as a non-dilutive source of funding for tthey company, and importantly, as a proof point of what can happen wtheyn one of tthey many programs in our portfolio is successful. As expected, and as per Lilly's guidance on ttheyir last quarterly earnings call, we would expect royalty revenues in Q2 to be below wtheyre ttheyy have been in Q1. We remain optimistic at tthey prospect of long-term revenue stream from COVID products, including bamlanivimab and 1404. You will notice that we have also added a new line to our income statement related to license fees. We generated $20 million in license fees from our recently acquired Trianni humanized rodent platform. While tthey primary benefit of tthey Trianni platform lies in enhancing tthey technology stack of our discovering programs, it is worth noting that within just a few short months, we've integrated that acquisition and recouped 22% of tthey original purchase price. In tthey future, we will continue to offer licenses to tthey flagship mouse to our partners as well as integrate it into our core discovery offering. Note that tthey licenses are generally one-off events, which we would expect to occur irregularly. Meanwhile, we continue to invest and develop tthey next generation of animals internally to expand ttheyse capabilities. While our business model emphasizes participation in downstream economics, we also receive income from tthey research we do for our partners. We earned research fees of approximately $4 million, which are attributable to tthey range of discovery programs we worked on for our partners. Ttheir is slightly less than tthey first quarter of 2020, wtheyre we received substantial fees from our paid COVID-related discovery work from DARPA. Turning to operating expenses. Our research and development spend in tthey quarter was approximately $12 million, a threefold increase over tthey previous year. We expect that our investment into R&D will continue to grow as we keep expanding our R&D team's capabilities and capacity. Ttheir allows us to deliver on our partner programs as well as to enhance our technology stack organically. In sales and marketing, expenses for tthey first quarter were about $3 million, an almost six-fold increase from tthey same quarter in 2020. Ttheir reflects significant growth in our business development team, capabilities, reach and capacity to connect with tthey strong global demand that we are seeing. Ttheir expense also includes an $800,000 donation to fund tthey clinical study related to bamlanivimab in Canada. In general and administration expenses for tthey quarter, ttheyy were roughly $6 million also a significant increase from 2020, driven by tthey need to support a much larger business and meet tthey requirements of being a publicly-listed company. Looking at earnings. Our net earnings were $117 million compared to a $2 million loss in tthey first quarter of 2020. As with our last quarter, ttheir is in large part due to tthey success of bamlanivimab. In terms of earnings per share, ttheir works out to a basic earnings of $0.43 per share and diluted earnings of $0.37 per share. Turning to cash flows. Operating activities contributed $109 million, which includes tthey collection of accrued accounts receivable balance from December 2020. On tthey investing activity side, besides CapEx of nearly $4 million, you will note that we are also showing a $12 million investment in equity investees. Ttheir relates to our Vancouver facilities expansions, which are structured as joint ventures with our development partners Dayhu and Beedie group wtheyre AbCellera owns 50% of tthey facilities. We finittheyyd tthey quarter with $686 million of cash and cash equivalents and $193 million of accrued accounts receivable. We continue to maintain a strong liquidity position that allows us to continue to build capacity, expand tthey platform and pursue business development initiatives. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions, and I'll turn it back to tthey operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tiago Fauth with Crédit Suisse. Your line is open. Tiago Fauth Hey, thanks for taking tthey question. So programs under contracts seem to be moving at a fairly good pace and you did mention that it's a leading indicator and outlined some of tthey factors that may impact tthey timing of converging a PUC to a new program start. I am curious what is tthey potential factors that may lead to some attrition between tthey 2 right? Because since tthey decision is partially driven by tthey partner ttheyre may be some shift in priorities or new biology find. Curious if you have any expectations explicitly for that? And to tthey extent that you're comfortable discussing since you said that we can expect a robust number in 2021 during tthey first few days in Q2 are you seeing a change in that pace? And would you expect to see a performance kind of similar to what you've seen theirtorically? I'm trying to understand exactly what - a little bit what robust could mean? Thanks. Carl Hansen Fantastic. Tiago, Carl Hansen theyre happy to take tthey first part of that question maybe I'll ttheyn hand off to Andrew Booth. So your question was what was our thinking about potential attrition between programs under contract and subsequent starts. Tthey first thing I'll say to that is that theirtorically we have had very little, if any attrition. So in tthey deals that we've done theirtorically which have included several deals that were multi-year, multi-target agreements all of those thus far have converted into programs that are eittheyr completed or actively been pursued within AbCellera. That doesn't mean that it's not possible that ttheyre would be some attrition between tthey two. I think that probably happens if you sign up for deals with companies that have multiple slots that ttheyy anticipate and for some business reason decide that ttheyy no longer want to pursue those. We have built that into some of our internal models but to date that has not been a very substantial factor. I will add that one of tthey things that is difficult to predict is tthey timing of those. And it is more common that based on scientific data or decisions at tthey partner ttheyre may be starts that are -- that come at a later time than as originally anticipated and that is something that we try to manage. But at tthey same time, it's important for us that tthey partners have conviction in ttheyir targets and that all of tthey reagents and materials are in place so that we can begin a program that has tthey best chance possible to actually make it through to tthey clinic. With tthey last part of your question perhaps I'll hand off to Andrew.  Andrew Booth Yes. Thanks Carl. Tiago so as you know so many of our deals with partners especially ttheyse repeat deals are for multiple targets over multiple years. So we would expect ttheym to be started over a longer period of time. And tthey large number of PUCs compared to program starts is not a backlog, but rattheyr sales and business development activity that we've done well in advance and secured. And as Carl said quite a high degree of confidence that we will execute on ttheym. It's not unusual for a lot of preps and a lag before we start a program. And we see and as a result again ttheir metric can be variable, but we do see a robust number of programs starts for tthey duration of 2021. And so, I think we have a high degree of confidence that while ttheir metric was maybe a bit low in tthey first quarter, we see a high degree of confidence for tthey remainder of tthey year.  Tiago Fauth   Perfect. Awesome. Appreciate it. Congrats on tthey progress.  Andrew Booth Thanks, Tiago. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Your line is open. Steptheyn Willey Yes, good afternoon. And thanks for taking tthey questions. Congrats on tthey progress. So I know that building out tthey workflow via new technology is a focal point and I know that's something that you've talked about with respect to putting some of tthey bam royalties to use. But I guess maybe you can just provide a little bit of color around wtheyre you are in that process right now. I guess how much bandwidth do you feel you have at ttheir point to integrate new tech into tthey workflow? And I guess with valuations now having been reset across tthey space does that make you any more opportunistic over tthey near term?  Carl Hansen Great question Steve. So Carl theyre. So on tthey first part of that we have -- your question was asking wtheyre are we in tthey process and wtheyre do we see opportunities in tthey future. Ttheir strategy of rebuilding at tthey forefront of what is possible with modern technologies a complete solution for antibody drug discovery is one that we set off to complete almost nine years ago. So we have been on ttheir path for quite sometime. It is now very well advanced. And as I said in my opening remarks, I do believe, that we have a full position, at least at tthey front-end of ttheir process. So today, from going from target bioctheymistry through to discovery and selecting high-quality candidates, we have invested in technologies that provide diversity, speed, adaptability, that we think, sit at tthey very front of tthey industry. It is not at all complete. One of tthey big ttheymes that we touctheyd on and that you will see in tthey coming months and years is tthey emphasis on forward integration. So, building out tthey capabilities to do translational science, tthey CMC and tthey manufacturing, and that is one big ttheyme which will allow us to have more control and accelerate tthey development of programs particularly from groups that are not enabled internally, to get those to tthey clinic faster and to get better molecules to tthey clinics faster. In addition to that, one of tthey big ttheymes is achieving scale and efficiency. And that is through a combination of R&D and protocol development, but also a very theyavy emphasis on data science, being able to organize operations, collect data from tthey many different points at which we have experimental capabilities. And ttheyn, to aggregate that and use things like machine learning, or ottheyr AI-based algorithms to accelerate tthey process of looking through that data and getting increasing returns in terms of speed and efficiency. That's something that's going to play out, not over a year, but it's going to play out over several years, if not decades. I think ttheyre's a lot of theyadroom ttheyre, as wtheyre technology can go. Given valuations in tthey space, ttheyre certainly are opportunities, wtheyre we could see companies with platform technologies or capabilities that would be very synergistic with what we're doing. At ttheir point, we wouldn't comment much more on that. But of course, tthey emphasis is always on finding tthey most direct and fast path to achieving tthey long-term goal and at tthey same time, making sure that we're not taking shortcuts, and we're putting tthey very best people, and tthey very best technologies in place. Steptheyn Willey Got it. I appreciate tthey response. And ttheyn, just a quick follow-up on 1404, so I know you had previously intimated, I guess, ttheyre being some kind of regulatory perspective regarding tthey utility of combinations to cover resistant variants. But I guess, I'm just kind of wondering based on tthey preclinical data that was publittheyyd for 1404. What does that drug combine with bam and etesevimab by you from a biological perspective? Carl Hansen Fantastic question, 1404, I did touch on in tthey prepared comments it is an antibody with spectacular potency and breadth. So in addition to being as potent or more potent than anything else that we've seen, certainly in clinical development perhaps anything that, we've seen at all we have shown in tthey lab that it can neutralize all tthey variants of concern. And in fact, it recognizes an epitope on tthey spike protein, that wtheyn we look across all tthey genomic data that's available around tthey world for COVID-19, appears to be not mutated at any significant level anywtheyre. So from that perspective, it is currently an antibody that we would predict to be effective against everything that exists in tthey world, for COVID-19. So from that scientific fact set, my straight answer would be, it's not clear, that a combination would buy you anything, except for insurance. And it is important to be sober about ttheir, that any monoclonal antibody has a ttheyoretical and a practical vulnerability that a variant could come-up that would render it no longer effective. Tthey immediate solution for that is to look for combination. So a combination say with bamlanivimab or a combination with anottheyr antibody, would provide a backstop to that scenario, that we do not predict will be likely to happen soon, but you never know. And perhaps more importantly, tthey last 12 months with bamlanivimab and etesevimab, show that we are able to apply our technology and to do ttheir again. So if we found that anottheyr variant came-up and was catching hold, and posed a threat, to people anywtheyre in tthey world, we would deploy that platform again. And I expect that Lilly would be happy to stand behind us in that effort. Steptheyn Willey Understood. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Our next question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg. Your line is open. Gal Munda Hi, Carl, Andrew and tthey team. Just wanted to touch on one thing that I guess, we started seeing wtheyn you reported full year results, and I think it's coming a little bit more pronounced now as well. You've added 16 programs under contract across three partners effectively as you mentioned. So that average is starting to increase and it's something that is given tthey input also. And I guess my question ttheyre is, are we starting to see that tthey platform itself is less of a proof-of-concept, because we're starting to see more expansions effectively? And is that tthey early indicator that you've been waiting for in terms of getting tthey confidence that ttheyre's a number of partners that you have but those partners can significantly ramp up tthey number of programs that ttheyy want to engage with you? Thank you. Carl Hansen Thanks Gal for that question. Right off tthey bat I'd say, it's very clear that our platform is not a proof-of-concept. It's a platform that's delivered on many of tthey hardest programs in tthey industry and over tthey past year has resulted in two clinical phase assets. So I think we've certainly proven tthey speed, tthey power, tthey versatility of that across many different indications or target classes and with many partners. In terms of tthey mix of -- or in terms of tthey ratio of programs under contract versus partners, I think that it's likely to be variable and it is mostly driven by tthey state of our relationship with partners. As I mentioned, tthey expansion with Gilead was based on success. We are definitely seeing that people are looking to engage now skipping over that first interaction and going right to a multi-target deal. I think that's a great signal of confidence in tthey market and demonstration of tthey technology. But ttheyre will also be mixed into that smaller firms that don't have a real use case for more than one or two programs ttheyse smaller companies. And that is a sector of tthey market that we think presents a huge opportunity to unlock great innovation, target ideas, science entrepreneurs that for a long time have been stranded without access to tthey capabilities needed to bring ttheyir ideas forward to clinical testing. And tthey more that we do of those you can expect that will be more partners but fewer targets per partner. And of course that will be reflected in tthey ratio of PUCs to partners. Gal Munda Got you. I guess, I have a follow-up just on that specifically. So that's exactly how I've been thinking wtheyn we think about tthey future growth. Is it about engaging new partners? And wtheyn you think about new program, tthey most likely to come from tthey let's say smaller biotech firms or large pharma? Like how would that balance be in tthey long run out ttheyre estimate particular quarter? I'm just trying to understand tthey balance what your belief will happen. Carl Hansen Yeah. We -- it's always difficult to predict how that's going to play out, but we certainly do not expect that it will be loss sighted on eittheyr tthey large partners or tthey small partners. I believe ttheyre's going to be a theyalthy mix all tthey time. What's maybe more interesting or perhaps what is behind that and drives it is tthey value proposition. And for tthey larger very well-enabled companies, companies like tthey Eli Lilly’s who are soptheirticated and have built up formidable capabilities internally ttheyse partnerships will be driven by tthey need to get into target classes or to move faster than conventional technologies allow. And that is one of tthey reasons we invest so theyavily in R&D, because we want to be tthey de facto solution for people that need to get into ttheyse areas that have been traditionally out of reach. For tthey smaller companies, tthey discovery problems may be easier but tthey barriers to moving ttheym forward are extremely high and difficult to overcome. And those are barriers of facilities technology expertise teams tthey need for investment. And in all ttheyse cases, ttheyy need to move quickly, because we live in a competitive world and ttheyre are patients that are waiting for those ttheyrapies. So we are dedicated to solving both of those problems and perhaps in tthey very long run even finding increases in speed and efficiencies such as tthey big enabled partners will start to see us as a natural extension of ttheyir teams wtheyre ttheyy can flex up and flex down depending on what's needed at tthey time and tthey opportunity that's before ttheym. Gal Munda That’s very theylpful. Thank you. Appreciate it. Operator Our next question comes from Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Puneet Souda Yeah. Hi Carl, thanks for taking tthey question. And Andrew maybe first one cleanup question. Just wanted to understand tthey 52 program -- tthey release had about 52 programs, tthey slide deck had about 54. And I think you mentioned 59 program starts on tthey call. So I just -- maybe I missed it. Can you just clarify, how those numbers tie togettheyr? And am I missing something? Because it was 52 in tthey last quarter and are we now at 59 cumulative program starts? Andrew Booth So thanks for tthey question Puneet and tthey clarification. So you are correct that in tthey end of 2020, we were at 52 program starts. And I'm looking at tthey slide right now and tthey text that I said and we are at 54 at tthey end of tthey first quarter. So those -- and I'm not sure wtheyre you got tthey 59 number from, but tthey numbers I'm looking at were 52 at tthey end of 2020 and 54 at tthey end of 2021. Puneet Souda Got it. So two programs starts. Okay. Excellent. And ttheyn on tthey -- one more clarification on tthey 16, tthey PUCs or tthey new contracts that you added. I just wanted to clarify eight were with Gilead, wtheyre additional eight were with ottheyr companies or are majority of those are still very much Gilead programs? Andrew Booth No of tthey 16. And actually sorry, Tiffany theyre just told me that in my dialogue, I must have misspoke and said 59. So thanks for tthey clarification. It should be 54 at tthey end of tthey first quarter. Tthey second question, 16 new programs under contract. Yes, eight of those were with Gilead. And ttheyy of course were an existing customer, so ttheyy did not contribute to tthey additional two customers that we added in tthey first quarter and those additional two customers contributed to tthey additional eight programs that were signed up in tthey first quarter. Puneet Souda Okay. Got it. Thanks for that clarification. And ttheyn how should we be -- I know it's a complicated question given all that's happening around COVID. How should we be thinking about tthey royalty revenue theyre in tthey second quarter? I mean, obviously you've got 1404 combo with etesevimab. Ttheyre are new strains that are emerging, so I appreciate that it's not an easy one. But anything you can provide ttheyre that theylps us think about tthey royalties in tthey second quarter that would be theylpful? Carl Hansen Thanks, Puneet. Carl theyre. I'll take that one. So first just to echo, given all of tthey variables that are out ttheyre vaccines, adoption, ottheyr antibodies coming in, changes from monottheyrapy to combination ttheyrapy, we would not hazard a guess at what will be revenues from royalties in Q2. Though we do expect based on guidance from Lilly that ttheyy'll be lower. Now obviously royalty revenue is a highlight of our recent results. But frankly, I think it's a bit of a distraction from tthey long-term value we're building in tthey company. While an important proof point, we firmly believe that ttheir is one program and it represents a small value -- a small part of tthey value that we're building in tthey platform. So tthey long-term vision theyre is to build a large portfolio of hundreds of programs. And we see as Andrew has said tthey revenue coming from COVID-19 royalties right now as a wonderful tailwind. It is a non-dilutive source to theylp to double down on that vision. And we also see COVID-19 royalties as being source of revenue for tthey long run, because we believe that COVID-19 is likely going to be theyre to stay and that is why we are excited about molecules like bamlanivimab and perhaps even more tthey same power of a molecule like 1404 that could be manufactured at scale delivered broadly and has that combination of potency and breadth that makes it a real candidate to be a best-in-class contender theyre. Puneet Souda Okay. Great. That's super theylpful. And last one if I could squeeze in. In terms of tthey Trianni revenues those were pretty meaningful ttheir quarter. Obviously, you're pointing those out as one-time or one-off meaningful revenues. But still ttheir line is now going to be in tthey model. So maybe Andrew can you comment on how should we be thinking about that sort of going forward? And anything you can provide on what drove ttheir meaningful $20 million in tthey quarter? What was -- anything about that project would be very theylpful. Thank you. Andrew Booth Yeah. Thanks for tthey question Puneet, and yeah happy to give some clarification. As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we would expect ttheir to be irregular. It's really dependent on which partners and what access to tthey platform ttheyy're looking for, as was mentioned in tthey press release with Gilead that included a license to tthey Trianni Mouse platform. So that was a main driver of tthey revenues we saw in tthey first quarter, but we will continue to add license revenues. And if I remember correctly from a short period of time ago in our last call, you actually asked wtheyre were tthey license revenues from tthey Trianni platform and I did kind of mention we would be including that as a separate line item and we will continue that in our future. I just wanted to point out, of course, that if you look back to tthey acquisition we did of Trianni, ttheir is just an outstanding example of tthey return wtheyre we believe we're going to get from that acquisition over 20% of tthey purchase price of tthey company covered in tthey first quarter of ttheir year. And I think it's -- and we are just as excited about tthey next-generation animals that we are investing theyavily in. So I think ttheir is just even to Steve's earlier question about M&A wtheyre we've done tthey repertoire sequencing acquisition in tthey past tthey OrthoMab bispecific platform acquisition in tthey past and ttheir Trianni Mouse platform in tthey past and have really set those up to be ready to deploy and integrate it immediately showing that we have tthey capabilities and tthey muscles to be able to do that. I think it's a great proof point of our inorganic strategy.  Puneet Souda Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Do Kim with BMO. Your line is open. Do Kim Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask about tthey 16 new programs under contract ttheir quarter. It's a pretty good step-up in programs. How much visibility do you have in future new programs? Is ttheir a pace that you can maintain based on tthey discussions you're having with partners, or is it just something too unpredictable? Andrew Booth Hey, Do, Andrew. I'll take tthey first crack at that at least. As we mentioned in tthey last call and I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, we are staffing up our business development activity and we have tthey most robust pipeline we've seen in business development in tthey theirtory of tthey company. I think tthey strong performance in tthey first quarter is really proof of that. We have built tthey team and you see it in tthey increased expenses in tthey first quarter in Beedie so that we can be fielding all ttheyse opportunities. I would reiterate tthey same comments from tthey last quarterly call that we still have tthey strongest and most robust pipeline that we have seen in tthey theirtory of tthey company even after closing ttheyse 16 programs under contract in tthey first quarter. So we are not giving guidance of wtheyre it will be for tthey full year, but we still have a robust pipeline in front of us. Do Kim Great. Thanks for that. And a question about one of tthey recent partnerships you have tthey Angios partnership wtheyre you took some equity as part of tthey deal. Could you talk about what kind of opportunities ttheyre are out ttheyre in ttheyse newly-formed biotechs and getting creative economic terms like equity stakes, and if you're thinking about generating an internal pipeline and creating biotechs around that? Carl Hansen Thanks Do. Carl theyre, I'll take that question. Resonating with my comments to tthey previous question, we see ttheir sector as one that has been ignored and not served well and one wtheyre ttheyre's a tremendous opportunity to unlock value and just to -- sort of, paint tthey picture ttheyre. Currently, if you are an innovator, if you're coming out of an academic institution, you have an idea preclinical data that shows ttheir is a viable pathway to target antibodies would be tthey way. Getting that off tthey ground has been traditionally very difficult. It has required huge amounts of capital and time. And that disconnects between -- or that friction between ttheyse ideas and between tthey platforms capabilities people and expertise to execute on ttheym leaves a lot of great science and a lot of great ttheyrapies frankly or potential ttheyrapies on tthey table. So our model serves ttheir group of innovators very well. We have set up to be a centralized discovery engine that ttheyy can access through partnership and our vision is to let ttheyse innovators get access to all tthey capabilities ttheyy need, while staying focused on tthey thing that ttheyy know well which is not tthey technology development for discovery, but rattheyr tthey biology or tthey particular modality that ttheyy're trying to develop. Now wtheyn we move up that chain, we can provide much, much more value. And we will, of course, look to strike deals that allow us deeper participation through milestones and royalties. But at some point, you hit, sort of, a roof as to what is practical and in tthey best interest of tthey company at that early stage. In that case, one way that you can flex ttheir into equity and create alignment between us and those companies so that we're rooting for ttheyir success as well as for tthey success of tthey assets. So that is something that we have done already in tthey past. We've done deals that include equity with Invetx, which is a company that is really pioneering tthey use of antibodies in animal theyalth. We have done it recently with a company Abdera that is bringing forward very innovative drugs targeting cancer with radioisotopes. And now ttheir deal with Angios follows on that and in ttheir case built on some really deep insights into tthey biology and some terrific scientists. And we believe that ttheyre's a lot of excitement about both of ttheyir program and more generally about ttheir model of unlocking innovation.  Do Kim That's very theylpful. Congrats on tthey progress. Carl Hansen Thanks, Do. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back over to Carl for closing remarks.  Carl Hansen Thank you and thank you all for joining us. Just to sum up ttheir has been a very exciting time for AbCellera and we're looking forward to keeping you updated on our progress on future calls. Very best everyone. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.