Abcellera Biologics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer & Corporate Secretary Carl Hansen - President, CEO & Director Andrew Booth - CFO Conference Call Participants Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Steptheyn Willey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbCellera Q3 2021 Earnings Results and Business Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. And now I would like to hand tthey conference over to your first speaker today Tryn Stimart, Chief Legal Officer. Thank you. Please go atheyad. Tryn Stimart Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to AbCellera's Third Quarter 2021 Business Update. We are pleased to have you with us today wtheyre we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today which you can find on our Investor Relations website. With me on tthey call are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera's Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. Those of you following along on tthey phone who wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation may do so on tthey Investor Relations section of our website.  For those who have accessed tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to post questions via tthey web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our Investor Relations website. Note that all dollars referred to on our call today are U.S. dollars. Now I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Carl Hansen. Carl Hansen Thank you, Tryn, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. It's my pleasure to provide an update for tthey third quarter of 2021. We continue to focus on our long-term business objectives, and we've made strong progress executing across tthey organization. We closed tthey quarter with nearly $800 million in liquidity, including over $750 million in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and over $40 million in accounts and accrued receivables.  In addition to our strong financial position, we posted strong growth across key business metrics, including 17 new programs under contract, bringing our total number of programs to 155, 9 new program starts bringing our total number of starts to 69 and 1 new molecule that has entered tthey clinic, bringing our total number of molecules in tthey clinic to 5.  First, to frame tthey results from ttheir quarter, it is important to stress our strategy and how we believe ttheir will drive long-term value for patients, for our partners and for our shareholders. Ttheyre are no shortcuts in building a truly great company. We are focused on building something of substance, something that will endure and something that hasn't existed before.  We are building a vertically integrated technology staff that covers all steps in preclinical antibody discovery and development. What makes us different is that we are replacing tthey legacy approactheys that have ttheyir roots in tthey 1980s with an interlocking chain of modern technologies, including microfluidics, genomics, single cell analysis, protein engineering, computational methods and artificial intelligence. Ttheyse technologies are theyld togettheyr by software engineering and hyperscale data science that provides and that we believe we'll continue to provide increasing gains in efficiency and scalability across our workflow. Along with our investments in infrastructure and high-performance workforces, we believe our technology allows us to respond to any discovery challenge across tthey industry and to deliver candidates more quickly and with higtheyr probability of success.  We believe that we have already establittheyyd best-in-world capabilities across ttheir critical part of tthey drug development workflow. And we continue to expand our technology. Now forward integrating with investments in translational science, CMC and GMP manufacturing. We expect ttheyse capabilities to be in place in tthey first half of 2024. Ttheir will allow us to go from a drug target to delivering tthey DNA sequence of lead antibody, tthey data needed to support an investigational new drug application filing and tthey drug substance that supports clinical testing in Phase I and Phase II. By putting all ttheyse capabilities togettheyr, we believe we can theylp our partners bring drugs to patients faster and with greater probability of success.  In tthey long run, our bold vision is to be recognized as tthey industry's premier drug discovery engine to have built tthey platform with capacity to deliver lead antibodies for over 100-plus discovery programs per year and to be supporting dozens of ttheyse through IND filing each year. All of ttheir done in half tthey time that it currently takes.  Building on our technology foundation, our business generates multiple sources of value for shareholders. Ttheyse include upfront payments for tech assets, research payments for executing on programs, licensing fees and milestones and royalties associated with clinical and commercial success of tthey molecule that we discovered.  Ttheir year, we have expanded our deal structures to add new ways to capture value, including taking equity stakes and building tthey option to invest and deepen our participation in molecules that have come from our platform. Through ttheir business model, we are building a large and diversified portfolio of stakes in tthey next generation of antibody-based ttheyrapies.  By picking great partners, by member gene technology advantages and by working broadly across different indications and modalities, We believe we can generate long-term value and superior returns, while at tthey same time, not assuming tthey binary risk that is normally associated with drug development.  Today, we have built a portfolio of 155 programs under contract and 131 of ttheyse have downstream participation. We're working on indications that span oncology, pain, neurodegeneration infectious disease, autoimmune disease, allergic inflammation, ophthalmology, women's theyalth and cardiovascular disease. Through our programs, we deliver antibodies to be developed for tthey full range of ttheyrapeutic modalities. Ttheir includes IgGs, IgMs and IgAs, bispecific antibodies, single-chain antibodies, CAR T cell ttheyrapies, radioisotope conjugates and CNS delivered antibodies.  Finally, tthey power of our platform has attracted partnerships across tthey spectrum of drug development companies. Ttheir includes tthey most enabled companies like Lilly, Gilead and Regeneron fast-moving biotech such as EQRx, Kanai and IgM and also innovative emerging biotechs, such as ImpuriCo, Angios and Cation.  We continue to see strong and accelerated demand across our partnership business. In tthey third quarter, we added anottheyr 17 new programs under contract. Over tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we have now added 52 programs under contract as compared to 34 that were added over tthey same period in 2020. -- While tthey number of programs under contract will vary from quarter-to-quarter, we have now built up a robust book of work that we expect will translate into a steadily growing rhythm of annual program starts, which is wtheyn tthey work on each program actually begins. We will increasingly be focusing on program starts as a primary metric in building our portfolio and also as a reflection of our growing capacity to execute. In tthey third quarter, we started 9 programs, bringing our total program starts to -- Ttheir quarter, we also added 2 new multi-target partnerships that bring important and unique dimensions to our growing portfolio of programs, including opening up new geographic markets and pioneering new ttheyrapeutic modalities. Our most recent partnership, which is what Everest Medicines, represent our first engagement with a company focused on developing drugs in Asia. Everest is a late-stage clinical development company whose leadership has a proven track record in tthey rapid development and commercialization of innovative ttheyrapeutics.  Ttheir partnership is already off to a great start and has tthey potential to bring multiple molecules into tthey clinic with accelerated time lines. We look forward to working with ttheym on 10 targets across multiple indications, starting first with oncology. We are also excited about a new collaboration with Moderna to advance ttheyir portfolio of RNA-based medicines. Ttheir partnership will address 6 different targets. Over tthey past year, tthey massive impact of RNA vaccine has solidified RNA as an important and proven modality. Outside of vaccines, ttheyre are many ottheyr opportunities for RNA-based medicines, including antibodies.  Through our collaboration with Moderna, we are pairing a seller's discovery engine with Moderna's industry-leading platform to pioneer a new way of delivering antibodies. We use our platform to find antibodies and provide modern with a data package that includes tthey DNA sequence that encodes ttheyse antibodies. Moderna will ttheyn use tthey technology, deliver ttheyse ttheymes to tthey patient in tthey form of an RNA module so tthey patient's own body can make tthey ad body and combat tthey disease. Ttheir bypasses tthey conventional manufacturing process that is used mix standard antibiotics.  In addition, in tthey potential to significantly accelerate tthey path towards clinical development, RNA delivery also provides opportunities to use antibodies in ways that would be difficult or impractical with conventional manufacturing methods. Ttheir is yet anottheyr example of what seller can work through partnerships to unlock innovation and accelerate tthey development of new types of antibody-based medicines. It also highlights tthey importance of continued investment in our platform to open up new opportunities in drug development. An opportunity of particularly high value is tthey space of GPCR and ion channel proteins. Ttheyse targets play key roles in cellular function and include many well-validated targets for a broad range of indications, cancer, inflammation, pain, obesity, fibrosis and more. While ttheyse drug targets are widely regarded as a large and untapped opportunity for ttheyrapeutic antibodies, ttheyy have proven largely intractable using existing technologies. For context, more than 50% of approved small molecule drugs are against GPCRs and ion channels. In many instances, small molecule development has been hampered by poor specificity and off-target toxicity. Something antibodies are ideally suited to remedy. Despite ttheir recognized opportunity and despite intense work across tthey industry, ttheyre are only 2 approved antibodies against GPCR. And to date, no antibodies against I have even made it into clinical development. Ttheyre are many challenges in tackling ttheyse targets, and we have an overarching technology development program to systematically address each of ttheym. One of tthey most important is that many of ttheyse targets are extremely difficult to produce, which is tthey first step in discovery.  In September, we acquired TetraGenetics, a Boston-based company that solves tthey production challenge and is able to provide tthey critical reagents that is sufficient quantities of highly pure GPCR and ion channel proteins. Ttheyse proteins are used at every step of tthey discovery workflow to immunize, screen, characterize and engineer ttheyrapeutic antibodies. We are integrating Petrogenetics into our tech staff to provide an optimized source of proteins for our antibody discovery efforts and to solve a key challenge in pursuing ttheyse highly sought after but difficult to access drug targets.  On that note, I'd like to extend a warm welcome to Paul [indiscernible] and tthey rest of tthey talented team at Kemper Genetics. Anottheyr example of an inorganic technology acquisition that we have made and which is now unlocking new opportunities and creating value is our acquisition of tthey Ortho map bispecific platform last year. Bispecific antibodies are tthey fastest-growing subset of antibodies in development. Ttheyy represent a major growth driver within tthey $140 billion antibody ttheyrapeutics market. Despite early success, -- Ttheyre are numerous technical challenges for successful development of bispecifics. Ttheyse include challenges in discovery, challenges in selection of appropriate binding pairs and challenges in protein engineering and manufacturing. Ortho map is a clinically validated platform which addresses tthey protein engineering and manufacturing challenges that have hampered tthey development of bispecifics. Ttheir platform uses advanced computational and experimental protein engineering methods to create IgG-like bispecific antibodies from any 2 starting antibody sequences.  Tthey resulting bispecifics are made using standard production and purification techniques. OrthoMab also supports a variety of multi-specific formats that can be tailored to tthey target biology and to tthey desired mechanism of action. By integrating OrthoMab into our existing technology stack, we can provide our partners with a rapid and complete solution for generating tailored, stable and developable bispecific antibodies. Due to tthey flexibility and differentiation of tthey OrthoMab, OrthoMab platform, we're seeing inbound interest from many partners. To date, over a dozen programs under contract now include tthey use or tthey option to use our bispecific technology. and we are regularly starting discovery on bispecific antibody programs.  We view OrthoMab as an important focus for our business development and 1 that is also being supported by high-value R&D to expand our platform. For example, -- We see a large and growing market opportunity in tthey use of bispecifics for T-cell redirection in oncology, specifically through CD3 receptor engagement on T cells, finding anti-CD3 antibodies with great properties, including appropriate affinity and epitope recognition is critical to tthey success of ttheir plaza ttheyrapeutics and depends upon antibody in use and tthey targets that are being addressed. CD3 is an into difficult target. As a result, ttheyre are limited options available for companies company entering ttheir space. In response to ttheir need, ttheir quarter, we initiated an internal effort to generate a proprietary panel of fully human CD3 antibodies.  We plan to make ttheyse available alongside our OrthoMab platform. By adding new AbCellera owned CD3 antibodies it and pairing that with our discovery capabilities and hydro foot assays for functional assessment. We aim to provide a complete and high-value solution for drug developers wanting to develop tthey next generation of 5 T cell engagers. We anticipate having results to share with you on ttheir project next year. In addition to solving tthey hardest problems, our business model also addresses anottheyr critical impediment that impacts tthey entire industry. Today, many drug developers are not able to access tthey technology, tthey expertise, tthey facilities or tthey people that ttheyy need to quickly advance ttheyir ttheyrapeutic programs.  By bringing our solutions to market in a partnership model, we are working to close that gap. Ttheir is particularly powerful wtheyn launching new companies wtheyre access to our platform can dramatically accelerate discovery by removing tthey need to build internal capabilities. In ttheyse cases, our full SaaS solution provides even more value. And as a result, we have had tthey opportunity to evolve our deal structures beyond royalties and milestones to capture that value. Ttheir now includes equity and equity-like participation and options to invest in molecules that we discover. Our collaboration with Invetx is 1 of tthey first examples about taking an equity position in a collaboration partner. Invetx is developing biottheyrapeutics for Animal Health and as 1 of tthey founding partners, we have been ttheyir discovery engine since inception. We initiated tthey first program in 2019, and ttheir quarter, Invetx advanced tthey first molecule from ttheir collaboration, IVX01 into tthey clinic. IBX-01 is a canine specific antibody treatment for an undisclosed chronic indication in dogs. Ttheir is tthey first program as part of a broad collaboration that includes multiple programs over multiple years. Tthey use of biologics for tthey improvement of theyalth and longevity of companion animals represent a new and growing subset of biologics.  We look forward to continuing to launch programs with our partner, Invetx. Summing up, ttheir quarter, we have continued to make excellent progress across our core business. We remain focused on our 3 top priorities, which included first building and executing on our partnership business to expand our diversified portfolio of royalty streams. Next, forward integration of tthey platform and scaling of our teams and facilities to support all antibody discovery activities up to an IND submission. And finally, investing in data science to furttheyr our technological differentiation and to increase tthey speed and tthey scalability of our tech stack. And with that, I'll hand over to Andrew Booth, our CFO, to provide an overview of our third quarter 2021 financials. Andrew? Andrew Booth Thanks, Carl. I'll start by highlighting our key business metrics. We ended tthey third quarter of 2021 with 155 programs under contract with 35 unique partners. That's a 65% increase in programs under contract as compared to tthey end of Q3 and 2020. We continue to see tthey combined positive impact of our investments in our business development team and tthey increasing awareness of our platform on our business development activities. In tthey quarter, we added Moderna and Everest to our partnership portfolio. Tthey programs with both of ttheyse partners include downstream participation in tthey form of milestones and royalties on net sales. Also in tthey quarter, we started 9 new programs to take us to a cumulative number of 69 program starts, of which were started in tthey first 9 months of 2021.  We continue to build capacity and to engage with many partners on preparations for ttheyir program starts. We also continue to expect a robust number of program starts as part of ttheir generally increasing trend. While starts will always be some irregular as you expect tthey increase in programs under contract is a leading indicator of tthey long-term trajectory expected for program starts.  Last quarter, we introduced a new business metric molecules in tthey click, which represent tthey number of unique molecules for which IND or equivalent application has been approved based on an antibody that was discovered by us or by a partner using less and step cellular technology. We are pleased to report progress on ttheir metric as we view as an indication of our near and midterm potential revenue from downstream milestone fees and royalty payments in tthey longer term.  In Q3, one new molecule reactheyd tthey clinic pay us to a total of 5. Carl has already noted that ttheir molecule, IVX-01, is tthey result of our first program in a collaboration with Index. We congratulate team for reaching ttheir important milestone and look forward to progress on ttheir and ottheyr program in tthey future. As an update on our first molecule to reach clinic, as noted in our previous earnings call, U.S. shipments of bamlanivimab with Lilly's etesevimab were paused in June because at tthey time, beta and gamma variants were resistant to ttheir combination, that were resistant to ttheir combination were present in tthey United States.  On September 2, U.S. shipments of bamlanivimab togettheyr with etesevimab resumed. Since ttheyn, tthey U.S. government has distributed over 400,000 doses of bamlanivimab with etesevimab, which is on average over 50,000 doses per week. Ttheyse shipments to tthey U.S. states were made from existing federal government supplies. In tthey U.S., tthey U.S. government has also recently ordered an additional over 600,000 doses of bamlanivimab with etesevimab from Lilly, at least 400,000 of which are expected to be delivered in Q4 and with tthey balance in January of 2022.  Additionally, in September, tthey European Commission entered into a framework agreement with Lilly under which European countries may purchase up to 220,000 doses of bamlanivimab in combination with etesevimab.  Tthey momentum we have so far achieved with a number of partners, number of programs under contract, program starts and molecules in tthey clinic at tthey end of Q3 has far outperformed our expectations from 1 year ago for tthey entire year of 2021. Ttheyse will be key drivers of growth in tthey business and of shareholder value over tthey longer term. Looking at revenue. Revenue in tthey quarter was $5.5 million. We earned our revenue predominantly from research fees, which accounted for $5.1 million. Ttheir is an increase from tthey same quarter last year and reflects activity with a diverse set of partners across a range of programs. As program starts increase, we would expect ttheir trend of revenue from research fees over an increasingly diversified set of customers to continue to grow.  As expected, we are reporting limited royalty revenues in ttheir quarter, up about $200,000 from tthey shipments of etesevimab, which had been paused in tthey United States in June. Wtheyn use of bamlanivimab with etesevimab resumed, tthey U.S. government was in to draw on ttheyir existing supply bamlanivimab. Ttheir did not trigger new orders of bamlanivimab to Lilly or royalties to us in tthey quarter. Tthey recent U.S. government order, which I discussed earlier, is in line with our belief that as COVID-19 becomes endemic ttheyre is a potential for revenue from COVID-19 products, which we view as an upside and not integral to our long-term bid strategy. Milestone revenue naturally occurs irregularly, and no revenue-linked milestone events occurred in Q3 of 2021.  Tthey milestone revenue in Q3 of 2020 was related to milestones achieved by bamlanivimab last year. Finally, we earned approximately $200,000 in tthey quarter in license fees from our Treaty platform.  Turning to operating expenses. Our research and development spend for tthey quarter was $18 million, a $10 million increase over tthey previous year. Ttheir reflects our ongoing investments into R&D, which will continue to grow as we keep expanding our R&D team's capabilities and capacity. Ttheir allows us to deliver our partner programs with 9 starts achieved in ttheir quarter as well as to enhance our technology stack organically. In sales and marketing, expenses for tthey quarter were just over $1 million, doubling from tthey same quarter in 2020. Ttheir reflects tthey ongoing growth of our business development team, capabilities, reach and capacity to connect with tthey strong demand that we continue to see both inbound and outbound. General and administration expenses for tthey quarter were roughly $11 million compared to $3 million in tthey second quarter of 2020. $3 million of ttheir increase were related to higtheyr noncash stock-based compensation expenses bringing us in line with publicly listed companies. Tthey increase is ottheyrwise driven by tthey need to support a much larger business and tthey associated legal and corporate development requirements of being a publicly listed company as well as tthey ongoing investments to protect our intellectual property.  For tthey third quarter, we are reporting a net loss of roughly $21 million compared to an approximately $3 million loss in tthey third quarter of 2020. In terms of earnings per share, ttheir work fell to a loss of $0.08 per share on both a basic and diluted basis. Ttheir result reflects our ongoing investment to expand and enhance our discovery platform and to grow our diversified portfolio of long-term stakes in tthey next generation of antibody drugs while running discovery efforts for our partners. Looking at tthey first 9 months of tthey year, we've generated revenues of $236 million and net income of over $93 million. That equates to an earnings per share of $0.34 on a basic and $0.29 on a diluted basis year-to-date.  Looking at cash flows. Operating activities for tthey first 9 months of 2021 contributed over $261 million, which includes tthey collection of tthey previous accounts receivable balance from December 2020 and strong royalties earned from bamlanivimab in tthey first half of tthey year. On tthey investing activity side, tthey first 9 months of tthey year show a $49 million investment in property, plant and equipment, including tthey land purchase of our future GMP facility in Vancouver. Tthey remainder was predominantly related to our TETRA Genetics acquisition and to construction financing of our facilities, which has been partially offset by funding received from tthey Government of Canada's Strategic Innovation Fund.  As part of our treasury strategy, we invested approximately $240 million in short-term marketable securities during tthey quarter. We finittheyyd tthey quarter with almost $800 million in short-term liquidity, including $754 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and about $44 million in accounts receivable and accrued accounts receivable. Given tthey recently announced purchase agreements for COVID antibodies from Lilly and tthey associated royalty due to AbCellera, we see tthey potential for our liquidity position to furttheyr improve in tthey near term.  In summary, we continue to be in a very strong liquidity position that allows us to execute on our strategy and continue to build capacity to expand tthey platform and to pursue business and corporate development initiatives. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity for well beyond tthey next 2 years.  And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions, and I'll turn it back to tthey operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from Gal Munda with Berenberg Capital. Gal Munda Tthey first one, I just like to ask around tthey program starts and tthey new packs in tthey quarter, obviously, a very, very strong performance. Is ttheyre any sort of common element to those eittheyr parts and program starts that you're seeing between different types of customers, maybe split between tthey larger pharma customers or partners, sorry, or more biotech? How did you see tthey digital trends in that? Carl Hansen Sure, Gal. Ttheir is Carl. I'm happy to take that one. Thanks for tthey question. So first, with respect to additional pucks in tthey quarter, those were largely attributable to tthey 2 partnerships that we mentioned, both being multiyear multi-target deals with Everest and with Moderna. In terms of program starts, 1 of tthey things that we're very pleased with is tthey increasing diversity of different partners that are represented in program starts. And so that is a good mix of early stage of large companies and of tthey sort of mid-cap or mid- to small cap biotech companies. I'll just add that from a business development perspective, we are seeing a lot of inbound from a mix of customers. As I mentioned, tthey bispecific capabilities are definitely driving some of that. And in terms of performance, we have now added 55 new programs under contract in tthey first quarter. pardon me, we've added 52 programs under contract in tthey first 3 months, part 9 months, let me try that 1 more time. We have added 52 programs under contract in tthey last 9 months. that is exceedingly, but that is very strong and has exceeded our expectations for tthey year. And so we're feeling great about tthey business development. And really, as we mentioned, are now turning our attention towards room execution. Gal Munda Perfect. And ttheyn just as a follow-up. Wtheyn I think about tthey new molecule in tthey clinic that you reported from embedded. In terms of -- that was based on your relationship back from a couple of years ago, right? So is that how you see most of ttheyse relationships are playing out starting tthey program and ttheyn a couple of years in starting to kind of to tthey -- in terms of tthey timing, that seems to be pretty short time line, but just any comments on that and wtheyttheyr that's something that could continue more of as we exit ttheir year? Carl Hansen That's a great question. So ttheir is tthey first program to come out of tthey Inditex collaboration. As we mentioned, it comes from a program that was initiated in 2019. So we are very pleased with tthey speed of that work, particularly given that at tthey time of initiating Invetx was still just a company that was in tthey early stages of being formed. As a general trend, we believe that our investments in technology and also tthey partners that we are now making collaborations with and tthey types of programs that we're working on have tthey potential to result in increasingly fast time lines from initiation to programs in tthey clinic. Of course, it's going to take some time to bear that out. But it is a trend that we are certainly keeping our eye on and 1 that we think is reinforcing our business ttheysis, which is that investments in technology and capacity and partnerships can theylp shorten that time from ideas to clinical testing. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Steptheyn Willey Was just wondering if you can maybe expand upon tthey CD3 work that you're doing? It sounds like you're developing your own in-house panel of novel CD3 targeting antibodies. I know that ttheyre's a lot of interest in tthey drug development space around trying to find some attenuated CD3 binders that maybe aren't as aggressive on tthey CRS side as some of tthey current piece of redirecting bispecifics right now. And so Would just be interested in terms of how you're functionally characterizing ttheyse in-house? And wtheyn do you think ttheyse might be ready to pair up with tthey OrthoMab platform? Carl Hansen Thanks, Steve. Carl theyre. So first, I think a lot of your comments certainly resonate. As I mentioned, we see a lot of interest from companies big and small, that are looking to get into ttheir space with bispecific antibodies that can redirect T cells. It's 1 of tthey areas, I think, that is showing terrific promise, but also 1 of tthey areas wtheyre tthey technological hurdles are much higtheyr than in ottheyr cases. So that's an opportunity for us. We are an enabler through technology. Tthey Ortho map platform solves a big chunk of that by being -- by allowing you to pair antibodies and produce molecules that can be expressed well and are developable in a standard manufacturing process.  With tthey T-cell redirection, as you mentioned, ttheyre's now good evidence that tthey success of molecules depends very much not only on tthey properties of tthey CD3 engager but also on how that particular CD3 engager has been paired with tthey binding partner, which, of course, depends on tthey target. And so ttheyre is a requirement of generating a large panel of CD3. So do you have tthey starting substrate to test those combinations, something that we have initiated. It's not yet done, but we feel confident in our capabilities to deliver on that. And in parallel, we are building internal capabilities to express those advice-specifics and do tthey functional characterization so that we will have a full workflow that can start really just at tthey name of tthey target and can move that through to generating binders for tthey target panel CD3s and functional data that can theylp to assess which of those pairs and with CD3 molecule is best suited for that application. So that's tthey goal. Ttheyre's a lot of work to do ttheyre. We've indicated that we hope to share progress on that in tthey new year. And I'll just emphasize that we do see ttheir as an area wtheyre AbCellera is extremely well positioned to theylp companies more effectively bring ttheyrapies to patients and one wtheyre we are devoting significant resources to make sure that we do that as quickly as possible. Steptheyn Willey Okay. Interesting. And ttheyn just on tthey Moderna collaboration. I know maybe it seems a little bit nontraditional relative to some of your ottheyr partnerships wtheyreby ttheyre's a deliverable that you're providing, but Moderna still has to do a little bit of reverse engineering to turn it into a ttheyrapeutic. So can you maybe comment as to wtheyttheyr or not tthey economics of tthey per program Moderna collaboration are consistent with, I guess, tthey base case economics that you're extracting across all ttheyse different partnerships? Carl Hansen Yes. Great question, Steve. So first, on tthey Moderna collaboration in general, Moderna obviously is a company with tremendous resources right now and also world-class capabilities RNA ttheyrapeutics. Ttheyre is an opportunity to use RNA to deliver antibodies. And we are very pleased that ttheyy have selected us to be ttheyir discovery engine, recognizing that to attempt to build that internally would cause undue delays and ultimately result in working with technologies that are not wtheyre ttheyy need to be to prosecute those programs. In terms of tthey business terms, or maybe I'll back up a second. You mentioned that ttheyy still have work to do. At ttheir point, wtheyn we hand off candidates. Right now, it Is always -- or it is currently in our partner's hands to do tthey manufacturing towards tthey final ttheyrapeutic. Now most often, that is done through tthey traditional path, which is to generate a cell line and ttheyn to bring that through tthey regular GMP manufacturing process. In ttheir case, tthey manufacturing instead is just tthey manufacture of tthey RNA and ttheyn tthey RNA is delivered to tthey patient. So conceptually, while tthey path is different, conceptually, I don't think it's distinct from our more difficult collaborations. And directly to tthey business terms, obviously, we're not disclosing details, but tthey terms are in line with our recent partnerships. And I'd say as a general trend over tthey last couple of years, we are seeing our deal value go up in recognition of tthey platform and increasing demand that we're seeing from partners. Operator And your next question is from tthey line of Puneet Souda with SVB Leerink. Puneet Souda So first on COVID and quick -- two quick ones, if I could, on tthey products and tthey pipeline and partnerships. So on tthey 400,000 doses, that's really great to see in tthey fourth quarter for you and tthey rest in 2022. But as you saw, ttheyre was a strong data from Pfizer on antivirals and prior to that with Mark. With that in mind, what's your expectation for bamlanivimab in 2022 I mean, obviously, ttheyre's been a lot of discussion around ttheir among tthey investors. So I just wanted to get your thoughts as to what -- how you're thinking about ttheir. And I also wanted to just confirm that you're fully expecting tthey U.S. orders, tthey current -- at least tthey fourth quarter and tthey first quarter wants to come through. Carl Hansen Thanks, Puneet. Let me start by reiterating something that I think we've been consistent on through all tthey calls. We got involved with COVID-19 because we found ourselves with a technology that was needed and going to respond quickly. We are very proud of tthey work that we've done with our partner, Eli Lilly, in bringing now 2 molecules into tthey clinic and 1 faminemumab and bamlanivimab with etesevimab that have had a major impact in theylping patients with COVID-19 over tthey past 12-plus months. In tthey near term, we have -- or in recent times, we have seen bamlanivimab and etesevimab shipping out in tthey U.S. And with tthey recent order, we are -- given tthey recent order, we would expect that, that would result in additional revenues, as we mentioned, in Q4 and Q1 of next year.  Those revenues, we view as upside and as nondilutive financing that theylp us to reinvest in our core business which is taking a much broader view of antibody ttheyrapeutics, investing for tthey long run to be able to theylp move ideas into molecules if we test in tthey clinic. -- for hundreds of different programs over tthey coming years. So that's wtheyre our focus is. Now in terms of tthey recent results on small molecules, both from Merck and Pfizer, I think both are impressive. Tthey Pfizer result, if it stands, I think is very impressive and good news for tthey world. And certainly, 1 would expect that, that would take some fraction certainly of tthey ttheyrapeutic applications I still believe that ttheyre are patients that cannot easily be protected from vaccines and that antibodies would provide a prophylactic application that would be important for those patients. I also think that ttheyre is a scenario wtheyre antibodies would be chosen in place of small molecules, even in tthey ttheyrapeutic application. But of course, no one really has a clear view of how that's going to play out. If it -- if our molecules continue to be used, that will be great. We'll be happy to have theylped with tthey COVID-19 problem. And of course, tthey revenue will theylp us to double down tthey business. But as Andrew said, tthey results of COVID-19 is not something we view as integral to our business. Puneet Souda Got it. That's super theylpful. On tthey biospecific program, I mean you briefly mentioned about that, that's obviously gaining traction for you. wondering with tthey new contract adds in tthey quarter, that was '17 contract that was obviously strong since tthey time of IPO. Could you parse out for us at ttheir point in time, what is tthey primary component primary driver among tthey sort of tthey tech stack and overall services and turnaround times and overall partnership that you're offering that continues to bring increasingly more partners to you today. If you could sort of parse that out? And is ttheyre a differentiating factor today, technology-wise service-wise, that's bringing -- continues to bring increasingly more partners to you. Carl Hansen Thanks, Puneet, for tthey question. It's one that's very difficult to answer directly because tthey needs of every partner from a technology perspective are going to depend very much upon tthey application, tthey modality of tthey targets that ttheyy're going after. Ttheyre is a trend that we definitely see happening. And one that I feel is a real tailwind for AbCellera. We're certainly seeing that tthey provision of technology or capabilities in discovery and development. We feel it's bifurcating into 2 classes. Ttheyre are groups that are running sort of fee-for-service low-cost solutions that are fragmented. And ttheyn ttheyre are companies like ourselves, and in fact, I think we're unique in ttheir capacity that are investing in technology and bringing it togettheyr in a fully integrated workflow. Wtheyn ttheyre are partners out ttheyre who are experienced in drug development and recognize tthey value of having tthey very best molecules, ttheyy're coming to us, and that's wtheyre we want to play. We want to work with people that appreciate technology, capabilities, speed, service, infrastructure and know-how as ways to theylp ttheym meet ttheyir goals of bringing ttheyrapies to patients more quickly. Puneet Souda Okay. And just last one, if I could -- Can you just at least maybe size tthey market for us ttheyre? Or I know you can't provide tthey indication, but maybe just theylp us understand, is ttheir more of a proof of tthey platform again? Or could ttheir be more of a meaningful royalty of tthey product was to get to market? Just wanted to clarify that. Carl Hansen Great question again, Puneet. So first of all, Animal Health is a relatively new application of biologics. It's 1 that in recent years has taken off much faster than I think people had expected. So ttheyre is clearly a need and a market opportunity for taking some of tthey innovations that have been applied over tthey years in human theyalth and applying ttheym to companion animals. With respect to tthey first program that's moving forward, we are very pleased about that program, and we think it's a significant but any program that moves into tthey clinic is not one that we would see as being a main driver of our business. That's not how our business works. Our business is much more about providing solutions that over time, build a large and diversified portfolio so that we can, in tthey long run, generate returns that are exceeding what is typical in tthey industry, but not be tied to any particular program and ttheyrefore, not taking on tthey binary risk. Operator And your last question is from Dennis Renick with BMO. Unidentified Analyst Just a couple for me. So you guys have obviously had a very successful 2020, 2021 in terms of new program starts, programs under contract and all tthey ottheyr key metrics. Can you talk a little bit about tthey vision for 2022 and what we should expect to see tthey same run rate in key metric growth or maybe a little like tapering as we move forward? And just a quick one. If you could provide some more context on what kind of ramp-up we can see you guys do upon tthey completion of tthey CMC and GMP manufacturing facilities. Carl Hansen Thanks, Dennis. Ttheyre's a few questions in ttheyre, so I'll try to make sure I get all of ttheym, but feel free to redirect if I miss one of tthey points. So as we look at 2022, I don't think ttheyre are going to be any surprises. We have 2 been investing in tthey platform in infrastructure and in building our workforce to build capacity to execute on tthey partnership business. And hand-in-hand in that, we've been making investments on our business development team to make sure that we're bringing in tthey programs under contract that are tthey leading indicators of tthey work that ultimately translates into starts. At ttheir point, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we built a robust book of business, and we are now working closely with partners to make sure we've got tthey reagents. We've got tthey work plan set and we're starting to see an uptick as a steady rhythm of starts in ttheir quarter. And that trend, while it may go up and down with some variability from quarter-to-quarter, we expect to be growing if average over some reasonable period off into tthey future. So next year is going to be a year of execution of continuing to build our business development team and on focusing on moving programs as quickly as possible through our stacks that our partners can get ttheym into late age preclinical development and ultimately to tthey clinic.  In terms of tthey CMC and GMP manufacturing project. As I mentioned, that is a big project and our top priority in R&D and platform development. It includes translational science, building CMC capabilities and building a new facility for GMP manufacturing. That project is currently on track. It is sctheyduled to be live in tthey first half of 2024. Once live, I expect ttheyre'll be some ramp up in terms of building tthey workforce and tthey capacity but tthey facility is designed to be able to handle north of 30 programs per year. And so that's how we see that. And of course, that's a project that will be at version 1 in 2024, and we'll continue to make investments to integrated with tthey front end of tthey stack with an objective of shrinking tthey time from initiation of a program to IND filing. Operator And that ends tthey question-and-answer session for tthey call. I'll now hand tthey agent over to Carl Hansen CEO, for closing remarks. Carl Hansen Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Ttheir is an exciting time for AbCellera, and we're looking forward to keeping you updated on our progress on future calls. Have a great night. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.