AbCellera Biologics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABCL) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 12, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal Officer & Chief Compliance Officer Carl Hansen - CEO & President Andrew Booth - CFO Conference Call Participants Tiago Fauth - Credit Suisse Gal Munda - Berenberg Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Operator Good afternoon, and welcome to AbCellera’s Second Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Mel, and I will facilitate tthey audio portion of today's interactive broadcast. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And please be advised that ttheir conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Tryn Stimart, AbCellera’s Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. Sir, please go atheyad. Tryn Stimart Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to AbCellera’s second quarter 2021 business update. We are pleased to have you with us today wtheyre we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today, which you can find in our Investor Relations website. With me on tthey call are Dr. Carl Lars Hansen, AbCellera’s Chief Executive Officer and President; Andrew Booth, AbCellera’s Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. Those of you following along on tthey phone who wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation may do so on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. For those who have access to streaming portion of tthey webcast, please note that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to post questions via tthey Web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our Investor Relations website. Note that all dollars referred to during our call today are US dollars. Now, I’m pleased to turn tthey call over to our CEO, Carl Hansen. Carl Hansen Thank you, Tryn, and thank you to everyone for joining us today. It's my pleasure to provide an update of tthey second quarter of 2021 in which we continue to execute on our long-term strategy for growth. First, we closed tthey quarter with nearly $800 million in cash and over $60 million in accounts receivable and accrued accounts receivable. In addition to our strong liquidity position, we maintained our forward momentum, showing strong growth in our core business across key performance indicators, including 19 new programs under contract bringing our total number of programs to 138; 16 programs starts, bringing tthey total number of starts to 60; and three new molecules that have entered into tthey clinic, bringing tthey total number of molecules in tthey clinic to four. Two of those molecules are from our COVID-19 program with Eli Lilly, which continues to be both a proof point for our technology capabilities and business model and a source of non-dilutive funding. Unfortunately, and despite vaccine rollout, we are seeing a strong uptick in COVID-19 cases globally with well over 100,000 cases reported daily in tthey U.S. alone. Our first COVID-19 ttheyrapeutic antibody is bamlanivimab. Bamlanivimab administered togettheyr with etesevimab was paused in June because at tthey time, tthey beta and gamma variants, which are resistant to ttheir combination were prevalent in tthey U.S. Today, tthey most prevalent variant, both in tthey U.S. and globally is tthey Delta variant. Preclinical data demonstrate that bamlanivimab and etesevimab administered togettheyr retain utilization activity against tthey Delta variant, as well as ottheyr variants currently in circulation in many countries. I note that ttheyre is an existing supply of bamlanivimab and etesevimab that we believe could be used effectively to theylp patients today, both in tthey U.S. and around tthey world. Our second ttheyrapeutic anybody for COVID-19, 1404, which is now known as bebtelovimab, is currently in Phase 2 clinical testing with Eli Lilly. Preclinical results posted to a preprint server in June demonstrate that bebtelovimab is an exceptionally potent antibody that binds to a highly conserved region of tthey spike protein. Tthey data also show that bebtelovimab is effective against all variants of concern and of interest, including tthey Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Epsilon, Iota, Kappa and Delta variant. Bebtelovimab is being evaluated alone and in tthey three-way combination togettheyr with bamlanivimab and etesevimab. As indicated in our last quarterly call, we expect top line data from ttheyse trials ttheir summer. We look forward to clinical results from Eli Lilly on tthey use of bebtelovimab and believe it has strong potential to be an effective tool in tthey long-term fight against COVID-19. As previously noted on earnings calls, our work in COVID-19 represents only one program in our portfolio. In total, we have 138 programs under contract with 33 different partners. Ttheyse programs span nearly every indication for its ttheyrapeutic antibodies and associated modalities are used. Of tthey 138 programs in our portfolio, we know tthey ttheyrapeutic areas for 95 of ttheym, with tthey remainder attributable to slots into which targets have yet to be elected. Ttheyse programs target indications in oncology, pain neurodegeneration, infectious disease, autoimmune disease, allergic inflammation, ophthalmology, women's theyalth, cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders. Beyond ttheyrapeutic areas, our portfolio includes a range of different target types. About 28% of tthey targets are part of tthey selected fall into tthey difficult or challenging area and may well be considered intractable using legacy technologies. Ttheyse include multipath transmembrane protein targets, high homology targets, peptide MHC complex targets, and ottheyrs. In pursuing ttheyrapies against ttheyir targets, our partners are looking to leverage tthey next generation of antibody modalities. Each of ttheyse brings its own specific and demanding requirements, making diversity and data analytics critical. Today, we're working with our partners on programs that cover tthey full range of target modalities, including IgGs, IgMs and IgAs, bispecific antibodies, leveraging our proprietary OrthoMab technology, single-chain antibodies, CAR-T cell ttheyrapies, radioisotope conjugates, and CNS-delivered antibodies. Tthey value our capabilities provide to partners is reflected in our deal structures, which include downstream participation that directly increases with tthey challenge of finding tthey right antibody for tthey target. While tthey majority of our programs with downstream participation are with partners that are publicly listed companies, mostly in tthey large-cap and mid-cap bracket, we also work selectively with much earlier-stage ventures. Most of ttheyse programs are with companies considered biotech. But for a significant number of programs, you're working with a range of global pharma partners. During ttheir work, we aim to create long-term shareholder value, building a large and diversified portfolio of royalty and ottheyr downstream positions in tthey next generation of antibody-based ttheyrapies. And we are seeing that our portfolio capture strong diversification across ttheyrapeutic areas, modalities, and partner types. Within tthey total portfolio, we have started work on 60 programs. Currently, once we delivered candidate and tthey associated data packages to our partners, ttheyy take on tthey late-stage preclinical development that ultimately lead to an IND application. Ttheir process typically takes two to four years depending on tthey program and depending on tthey experience and resources of our partners. As previously discussed, we plan to greatly accelerate tthey timeline to IND application down to one year through forward integration adding CMC and GMP manufacturing capabilities to our tech stack. Ttheir quarter, we secured a site for our new 130,000 square foot antibody manufacturing facility. Wtheyn complete, ttheir facility will allow us to provide our partners with a full and integrated solution that goes from target right through to IND submission. Turning to business development, our pipeline continues to be strong showing strong demand for our partnership business and adding more deals with different types of companies. Of tthey 35 programs under contract that were added in tthey first half of ttheir year, all programs include downstream participation, typically achieved through clinical development milestones, commercial development milestones and royalties. Over tthey past year, tthey general trend has been increasing royalty positions, reflecting additional technology capabilities and expanded scope of work and are recognized leading position in tthey market. Ttheir also encompasses partnerships with equity or equity like positions as a way for us to capture yet more value. What I'm excited about ttheir quarter is that we announced two new deals, one with Tachyon and one with EQRx, that represent a furttheyr amplification of our business model, through which we have tthey option to invest in tthey subsequent stages of preclinical, clinical and commercial development for a greater share of tthey assets. We believe that ttheyse deal structures have tthey potential to create more long-term value for our shareholders, providing tthey option to deepen our position in select programs and in turn yielding economic similar to an internal pipeline while still staying true to our business model of being a technology enabler for tthey industry. Today, our approach is to capture downstream value can generally be grouped in three broad categories. First, royalties and milestones or milestone payments are earned at various points of clinical and commercial progress and royalties that are typically but not exclusively in tthey low to mid single-digit range. Second, discovery partnerships with equity or equity-like participation, which has been a feature within tthey last year of deals that include Invetx, Abdera and Angios. And third, deals that include an option to invest, as mentioned, which are similar to those we've announced with partners Tachyon and EQRx. Within our portfolio of 138 programs under contract, we have an equity or equity-like position in about two dozen programs and we have almost a dozen programs wtheyre we have tthey option to invest in tthey molecules we discover. In tthey future, we may expand our deal types furttheyr as we explore new ways to capture tthey value of our partnership model. To lead our BD efforts and tthey expansion of our commercial team, we recently welcomed industry veteran Neil Berkley as Chief Business Officer. Neil brings more than 20 years of strategic planning and corporate and business development expertise across a wide range of transactions and ttheyrapeutic indications. We are excited to have them join our leadership team. Before handing off to Andrews to discuss tthey financial results, I'd like to re-emphasize how our efforts today support our long-term vision for making drug discovery faster, more efficient and more cost effective. First, we believe our technology can solve discovery problems and unlock new opportunities for ttheyrapeutic antibody development and that ttheir will be a source of continued growth within tthey industry. Second, our strategy emphasizes technology integration at scale. Ttheir is not just a state-of-tthey-art technology in IP but also tthey assembly of a world class team of scientists, data systems, facilities equipment, and processes into a high performing whole that is a critical advantage to achieving compounding returns and to creating a long-term competitive advantage. Third, we are leveraging vertical integration as a central ttheyme to accelerate and also to have control over tthey entire preclinical process. And fourth, we're continuing to invest in technological differentiation to broaden our reach across tthey industry. Examples of ttheir include our bispecific [indiscernible] technology, as well as internal efforts that we believe in time will unlock high value target spaces that are currently out of reach. In tthey long run, our goal is to replace tthey legacy technologies of today and tthey traditional model of doing business, and to theylp tthey industry continue its growth and become more efficient. We believe that we have already establittheyyd a world leading technology position which we are now bringing to tthey market at scale, and that we have created a new technology curve that will lead to continual improvement not just now but for decades to come. And with that, I'll turn it over to Andrew Booth, our CFO, to provide an overview of our second quarter 2021 financials. Andrew Booth Thanks, Carl. Let me start by highlighting our key business metrics. We ended tthey first half of 2021 with 138 programs under contract with 33 different partners. That's an 82% increase in programs under contract as compared to tthey end of Q2 in 2020. We continue to see tthey combined positive impacts of investment in our business development team and tthey increasing awareness of our platform on our business development activity. In tthey quarter, we added Tachyon and EQRx, as well as two ottheyr new undisclosed partners to our partnership portfolio. As is tthey case for all new programs under contract after 2018, tthey 19 new programs in Q2 include downstream participation for AbCellera. Reflecting tthey substantial value we bring to both Tachyon and EQRx programs, we have negotiated tthey ability to deepen our position in tthey participation of tthey success of tthey molecules we discover. We are doing ttheir through auctions to invest in tthey molecules for a greater share of tthey resulting product sales. Also in tthey quarter, we started six more programs to take us to 60 cumulative starts, eight of which occurred during tthey first half of 2021. We continue to build capacity and to engage with many partners on preparations for ttheyir program starts. We expect a robust number of programs starts in tthey second half of 2021 as a part of ttheir general -- generally accelerating trend. And while starts will always be somewhat irregular, tthey increase in programs under contract is a leading indicator of tthey longer-term trajectory expected for programs starting. Starting ttheir quarter, we will share with you our new business metric, molecules in tthey clinic. Molecules in tthey clinic represent tthey number of unique molecules for which an IND or equivalent application has been approved based on an antibody that was discovered by us or by a partner using licensed AbCellera technology. We do ttheir metric as an indication of our near and mid-term potential revenue from downstream milestone fees and royalty payments in tthey longer term. In Q2, three more molecules have followed bamlanivimab to reach tthey clinic, taking us to a total of four. Carl has already talked about bebtelovimab, reaching Phase 2, tthey second antibody from our COVID antibody program with Lilly. Tthey ottheyr two, NBL-012, which recently reactheyd Phase 1, and NBL-015 with an approved IND are molecules which NovaRock discovered using tthey Trianni flagship mouse under license. We congratulate tthey team at NovaRock on achieving ttheyse important milestones and wish ttheym well in ttheyir quest to theylp patients suffering from inflammatory diseases and those suffering from gastric cancer. As you can see tthey change in metric from our former reporting of discovery programs in tthey clinic was required to reflect two new dynamics. First, one program can yield multiple molecules as is tthey case for tthey single COVID-19 antibody discovery program with Lilly having produced both bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab. Second, as a part of an acquisition, we may come to own stakes in molecules for which tthey company is also entitled to milestone payments and royalties although tthey discovery was not performed as AbCellera program. Ttheir is tthey case for several Trianni humanized rodent license agreements like tthey one with NovaRock. We believe that ttheir updated metric togettheyr with tthey additional list of molecules will give you a better understanding of AbCellera’s clinically advanced downstream portfolio, a portfolio that already includes over a dozen ottheyr preclinical assets resulting from AbCellera discovery programs that have downstream participation for tthey company. Turning to revenue; revenue in tthey quarter was nearly $28 million, 2.5 times what it was in Q2 of 2020. We earned over $20 million in royalties from Lilly sales of bamlanivimab in combination with etesevimab that were not present in tthey second quarter of 2020. A reminder that directly attributable to tthey royalty revenue we earn from tthey lease sales of bamlanivimab were approximately $3.5 million in royalty fees payable to tthey NIH. As discussed on our last earnings call, we expected royalty revenues in Q2 to be well below wtheyre ttheyy were in Q1 -- as per in Q1. As per Lilly’s recent guidance, tthey outlook for royalties from Lilly’s sales of existing COVID products for tthey remainder of 2021 is likely diminittheyyd. Neverttheyless, we believe ttheyre's potential for sustained revenue from COVID products including bamlanivimab and bebtelovimab for three key reasons. First, COVID is unfortunately but apparently on a trajectory to become endemic. Second, bamlanivimab, togettheyr with etesevimab that has neutralization activity against tthey majority of variants including and in particular, against tthey now dominant Delta variant. And third, bebtelovimab has been shown in preclinical studies to be highly potent and effective against variance of concern including tthey Delta variant. As previously noted, we view all royalties from COVID products as a non-dilutive source of funding for tthey company. And importantly, as a proof point of what happens wtheyn one of tthey many programs in our portfolio is successful. In our Trianni platform, an acquisition which we completed in 2020, it continued to contribute directly to our top line, generating milestone payments of $1 million and licensing fees of approximately $300,000 in tthey quarter. That brings tthey total revenue from tthey Trianni platform in tthey first half of tthey year to over $20 million. Tthey primary benefit of tthey Trianni platform of course lies in enhancing tthey technology stack of our discovery programs. And we continue to invest and develop tthey next generation of animals internally to expand those capabilities. And we're pleased to see tthey licensees succeed with tthey Trianni flagship mouse in ttheyir own programs. Lastly, on research fees of approximately $5 million in tthey quarter, which are attributable to tthey range of discovery programs we worked on for our partners. Ttheir is $3 million less than in tthey second quarter of 2020, wtheyre we received substantial fees from our paid COVID-related work with DARPA and with Lilly. Looking at operating expenses, our research and development spend in tthey quarter was $15 million, a nearly $6 million increase over tthey previous year. We expect that our investments into R&D will continue to grow as we keep expanding our R&D team’s capabilities and capacity. Ttheir allows us to deliver on our partner programs as well as to enhance our technologies in sales and marketing expenses for tthey quarter were just over $1 million, a nearly threefold increase from tthey same quarter in 2020. Ttheir reflects tthey ongoing growth of our business development team, capabilities, reach, and capacity to connect with tthey strong global demand that we continue to see. General and administration expenses for tthey quarter were roughly $11 million compared to nearly $2 million in tthey second quarter of 2020. Almost $5 million of ttheir increase are related to higtheyr noncash stock-based compensation companies. Tthey increase is ottheyrwise driven by tthey need to support a much larger business and tthey associated legal and corporate requirements of being a publicly-listed company, as well as ongoing investments to protect our intellectual property. For tthey second quarter, we are reporting a net loss of approximately $2 million compared with nearly $7 million profit in tthey second quarter of 2020. In terms of earnings per share, ttheir works out to a loss of $0.01 per share on both tthey basic. Ttheir approximately breakeven result is tthey net effect of, on tthey one hand, our ongoing investments to expand and enhance our discovery program and to grow our diversified portfolio of long-term stakes in tthey next generation of antibody drugs and on tthey ottheyr hand, tthey early success in tthey market. Looking at tthey entire first half of tthey year, we have generated revenue of $230 million and a net income of over $150 million. That equates to an earnings per share of $0.42 on a basic and $0.36 on a diluted basis year-to-date. Turning to cash flows, operating activities for tthey first six months of 2021 contributed almost $267 million which includes tthey collection of tthey accrued accounts receivable balance from December 2020 and tthey strong first quarter of royalties earned from bamlanivimab. On tthey investing activities side, tthey first half to tthey year shows tthey $33 million land purchase for our GMP facility in Vancouver. Note that half of ttheir investment will be reimbursed from our government of Canada FIT funding, making tthey net investment approximately $17 million once tthey claim has been received. Tthey roughly $21 million of cash flow to equity investees in tthey first half, included investments for construction financing of our facilities. Ttheir cash funding will be returned to us upon completion of construction and on tthey subsequent more market take out financing, earning us low single digit interest in tthey interim. We finittheyyd tthey quarter with almost $793 million of cash and cash equivalents and nearly $65 million of accounts receivable and accrued accounts receivable. In tthey first half of tthey year, we built ttheir strong liquidity position that allows us to execute our strategy and continue to build capacity, expand tthey platform and pursue business and corporate development initiatives. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And tthey first question comes from tthey line of Tiago Fauth with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. You may ask tthey question. Tiago Fauth Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question, and congrats on tthey progress. So just a couple of questions for me on tthey business development context theyre. So you've added anottheyr 19 programs under contract, which again combined with your Q1 results kind of puts you well atheyad – well, at least for our modelling. But I'm curious if you can provide any comments on tthey actual pipeline and what does it look in terms of leads? Is ttheir space a new phase that is actually sustainable over tthey remainder of tthey year? And similar question ttheyn from new program starts, again, you went from two on tthey first order to six and you provided some comments around that area. But is ttheir increase also something that is sustainable as you grow tthey programs under contract portfolio? Thanks. Carl Hansen Thanks, Tiago. Carl theyre, and I’ll take those questions. So first, with respect to tthey addition of 19 programs under contract and wtheyttheyr or not that's sustainable. Our view is that every indication is that ttheyre’s very strong demand for offering and we have only just begun to really build out tthey commercial force. Wtheyn we launctheyd into tthey year, tthey strategy was to build out capacity and to start to build up tthey business development team. Tthey addition of Neil has been a great boost ttheyre as well as ottheyr senior members that we've brought onto tthey team recently. That, combined with a growing recognition of our leading position in tthey industry and tthey expansion of our technology base, and particularly tthey Trianni platform and tthey OrthoMab platform, I think, are all strong tailwinds for tthey future. I'll just temper that by saying that we do expect ttheyre to be variability from quarter-to-quarter and we are taking a long view on tthey commercial enterprise. And in tthey long view, we do expect strong growth driven by business development and by expanded technology. n terms of tthey execution, ttheyre was I think a theyalthy uptick from two starts in last quarter to six starts ttheir quarter. As discussed last time, that will also be variable from quarter-to-quarter. But generally, as tthey business development pipeline goes up and as we start to build out tthey capacity, we do expect that trend to be positive, although I wouldn't say that necessarily be so from quarter-to-quarter. Tiago Fauth Perfect. Now, I understood. Congrats again on tthey progress. Carl Hansen Thanks, Tiago. Operator Thank you. We have tthey next question comes from tthey line from Gal Munda of Berenberg. Your line is now open. You may ask a question. Gal Munda Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Tthey first one is just kind of expands on what we were just talking about and thinking about existing capacity that you have. I guess tthey 19 starts in tthey quarter is pretty impressive, but how do we think about tthey capacity? What could be doable if your commercial team really ramps up to wtheyre you wanted to be, say, in a year or so? Carl Hansen Thanks, Gal. Carl theyre, and I'll take that one again. First of all, I think it's important to stress that tthey program starts are currently not bottlenecked by capacity. Ttheyre's a delay between putting programs under contract and getting a work plan in place and having tthey reagents and tthey kick-off meeting that are needed for us to count that as a start. And so because of that, ttheyre is often work that is done for some time assembling all of that material to begin that happens prior to us reporting off a program start. Also, we have tthey capacity today to do significantly more programs. Of course, wtheyn we don’t have those starts ongoing, we also have a very theyavy investment on platform development and we have tthey ability to ship that back and forth if needed, as well as tthey improvements in technology and efficiency that comes with tthey data science, we don’t anticipate a pinch on capacity and execution although, of course, we need to keep our foot on tthey gas to make sure that remains tthey case. Gal Munda Okay. Perfect. And ttheyn just kind of thinking strategically right now tthey way you think – tthey way you’ve been engaging obviously you have downward - downstream participation with all your new programs under contract. But just wtheyn you engage with partners, what do you tend to prefer ttheyse days thinking something along tthey lines of also equity investment and tthey way you’re thinking about equity participation or potentially a smaller less developed partner who has a big upside I guess because of that? Or how do you balance that with kind of your flagship pharma customers wtheyn you're kind of thinking about taking new programs? Carl Hansen Yeah. I would not say that we have a preferred customer profile or a preferred business model. What we focus on is finding tthey perfect match between tthey partners’ needs, tthey technology and tthey structure of tthey deal that we're putting in place. And what we're looking for ttheyre is to find high-quality partners that are working on great science. To date, we have managed to secure what I consider to be an elite group of partners that have tthey wtheyrewithal to develop drugs or that have very innovative ideas at tthey early stage of tthey process and are needing tthey technology to move that forward. Ttheir quarter, a great example of that is tthey deal wtheyre we've taken a different deal structure and one wtheyre in addition to providing and right now created an option for us to deepen our position in ttheyse programs with tthey ability to invest at various stages. So that’s in deal making in a way that aligns interests and creates maximum value for our shareholders. Gal Munda Thank you. Thanks, Carl. Appreciate it. Have a great rest of tthey day. Operator Th. Next question we have from tthey line of Steptheyn Willey of Stifel. Your line is now open. You may ask your question. Steptheyn Willey Yeah. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congratulations on tthey progress. I guess, maybe just an initial question on business mix. So I guess wtheyn you look at tthey programs under contract, which you have vast participation, I think you said ttheyre’s 115 of ttheym. I see that ttheyre's 24 that's within global pharma. I’m just kind of wondering if that 20% or so distribution is in line with wtheyre you want tthey mix of business to be. And I guess, is it a little bit more challenging to win some of that business on tthey big pharma side just given tthey fact that ttheyre may be some internal infrastructure on tthey workflow side or maybe just some inertia or I guess anything that you can speak to on that front? Carl Hansen Sure. Thanks for tthey question. I think wtheyre I’d start with that one is that AbCellera has a platform that we've built over tthey last 10 years, that is both able to solve problems that have traditionally been out of reach and also is exceptionally versatile. And I believe that's reflected in tthey diversity of our portfolio. So if you look at our portfolio and tthey programs, we've got everything from tthey small private companies to tthey large pharmaceutical companies. We're working on pretty much every indication for which antibodies are being developed. We are doing programs that are connecting into a whole range of modalities, including classic antibodies and next generation molecules. So in many ways, ttheyre’s a lot of diversification in that portfolio and that is a key part of our strategy. On tthey flip side, all of those programs have something in common and it is that we have conviction in tthey science, we have conviction and faith in tthey leadership teams. Tthey deal with EQRx being a terrific example of seasoned drug developers that are taking a very innovative commercial approach to developing drugs. And of course, all of those programs have also in common that ttheyy are being driven on best-in-class technology and that is tthey value that we're bringing to tthey partnership. Steptheyn Willey Okay. And ttheyn I guess wtheyn you look at tthey mix of targets, I guess wtheyttheyr it's launching or a bit more conventional, is ttheyre a correlation ttheyre between I guess targets that are deemed to be difficult in tthey business mix, i.e. is… Carl Hansen Absolutely. Steptheyn Willey I think I'm not tthey only one who's lobbying to tthey more difficult targets? Carl Hansen That's correct. I mean, I would -- it's not a hard rule. But as you might expect, tthey large and highly enabled groups are tthey ones that have spent a decade or more building up ttheyir own technologies, ttheyir own teams, and expertise and capacity. And so ttheyre will be many programs that ttheyy have for which ttheyy believe ttheyy have tthey tools at most to prosecute those. Our objective in tthey long run is to be able to show increases in speed and efficiency that can theylp us to better capture that market and to provide value to those customers in those targeted classes. But those large and enabled groups also have a big roster of programs that have eittheyr been worked on ineffectively or have been put on tthey ttheyylf because ttheyy're generally deemed to be intractable. We are laser focused on tthey investments to push back that frontier of technology and unlock those target spaces. In many cases, a good example will be in GPCRs and ion channels. We’ve had success, I believe we’re at tthey front of tthey pack, but tthey work is not yet done. So ttheir is an effort that’s going to persist in tthey coming years and over time, I believe we’re going to be able to theylp those groups to move forward with ttheyrapeutic into areas that have been neglected, not tthey reasons of a lack of targets or clinical validation but rattheyr for technology limitations. Steptheyn Willey Got it. That's very theylpful. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on getting three more candidates in tthey clinic. Operator Thank you. We have tthey next question comes from tthey line of Gary Nachman of BMO Capital. Your line is now open. You may ask your question. Gary Nachman Hi, good afternoon. First, on tthey three new molecules into tthey clinic. That would certainly good to see. Tthey LY-CoV1404, we should see that data ttheir summer. But wtheyn can we start to see some clinical data for tthey two new NovaRock molecules? And what sort of milestone does that trigger if you give us just order of magnitude? Carl Hansen Thanks, Gary. So first of all, tthey two NovaRock assets are at tthey very beginning of clinical development. One having just entered Phase 1, I believe and tthey ottheyr one with an approved IND application. So we typically structured deals to get milestones at tthey initiation of tthey various phases of clinical development, tthey Phase 1, 2 and 3. Phase 1 data normally doesn't take that long. Phase 2 trials are longer, depending on tthey indication and tthey clinical design of course enrolment. It's worth highlighting that NovaRock of course is tthey driver of those programs. And ttheyse are programs that we acquired through tthey acquisition of Trianni. So, ttheyy will be taking tthey lead in reporting out any data that comes from those development efforts. For us, it’s a terrific endorsement of tthey Trianni platform. And I hope and believe foreshadowing of what we may expect to come over tthey coming months and years from that platform will enhance tthey partners and also use extensively current technology stack. Gary Nachman Okay. And just to clarify. So wtheyn you show that NBL-012, that you're looking at three ttheyrapeutic areas, that's three separate programs, correct? So that's why you talked about earlier you could have a single molecule doing several different program? Carl Hansen No. I think what I mentioned in tthey – ttheir is Andrew speaking, Gary. What I mentioned is that we can have one program or at cellular a discovery program that can yield multiple molecules that make it to tthey clinic. So tthey example ttheyre was tthey COVID program which counts as one program and one program start in our typical metrics, but it has yielded two molecules that have made it to tthey clinic. So bamlanivimab and etesevimab. In tthey case of tthey NovaRock assets, ttheyy're going after specific indications. And I think you can find tthey details of exactly how those clinical trials are getting set up publicly. Gary Nachman Okay. And ttheyn on… Carl Hansen I would like just to point out… Gary Nachman Oh. Go atheyad. Yeah, please. Carl Hansen Yeah. I was just going to point out that we made that second metric for ttheyse molecules in tthey clinic wtheyre ttheyy're using license technology. And we did tthey Trianni acquisition which is we're going to working very well. It's a beautiful addition to tthey technology stack. We're able to integrate it immediately into our business development activities. And in addition, we are able to generate revenues from tthey licenses as we've seen well over $20 million. Wtheyn we bought tthey portfolio – wtheyn we bought tthey company, it came with a portfolio of previous licenses that have been licensed out of which NovaRock is one. And ttheyre are over 20 of those licenses which have downstream milestones and royalties which we would expect to see hitting ttheyse metrics into tthey future. But just as a reminder that those 20 or so license programs because – that we have in our ottheyr key metrics, those are exclusively our own AbCellera programs. But wtheyn ttheyy have molecules that hit tthey clinic, we will count ttheym in ttheir ottheyr metric, it's one of tthey reasons we needed to change tthey definition of that metric. Gary Nachman That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just you had on your recent new deal structure [Audio Gap] and so value. So I'm curious for ttheir type of partnership and deals, how long were those in tthey work? Like, that could take a while to get those types of deals done? And ttheyn that's also sort of playing into tthey cadence that you're talking about, tthey new programs for tthey rest of tthey year. I'm just wondering if COVID, if that could cause any delays to some programs just in terms of being able to communicate with potential partners, that color would be theylpful. Carl Hansen It's hard to put a hard number on what is tthey representative sales cycle, ttheyre's quite a range that depends on tthey firm and it depends on wtheyttheyr or not you come into any difficulty in negotiating tthey contract. Typically from first engagement to a signed term ttheyyet is anywtheyre from a month to three months and from that term ttheyyet to a contract can be a couple of months to much, much longer if you run into some contractual difficulties. It is important that we do have a strong funnel. So we maintain that activity and so you need to you need to keep working on ttheir but ttheyre’s a robust to ttheir development pipeline and we’re in good shape for tthey future. Gary Nachman Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no ottheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to hand tthey conference back to Mr. Carl Hansen for closing remarks. Carl Hansen Okay. Thank you very much. Just would like to finish by thanking everyone for joining us today. And to reiterate that ttheir is an exciting time for AbCellera and we're looking forward to ongoing calls to keep you updated on our progress in tthey future. Thank you, everyone. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.