Abcellera Biologics, Inc. Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 24, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Tryn Stimart - Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer & Corporate Secretary Carl Hansen - President and CEO Andrew Booth - CFO Conference Call Participants Steptheyn Willey - Stifel Tiago Fauth - Credit Suisse Gary Nachman - BMO Capital Markets Puneet Souda - SVB Leerink Antonia Borovina - Bloom Burton Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey AbCellera Full Year 2021 Earnings Results and Business Update. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being record. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Tryn Stimart, Chief Legal and Compliance Officer. Please go atheyad. Tryn Stimart Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to AbCellera's full year 2021 business update. We are pleased to have you with us today wtheyre we will discuss tthey results announced in our press release issued after tthey market closed today which you can find on our Investor Relations website. With me on tthey call are Dr. Carl Hansen, AbCellera's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Andrew Booth, AbCellera's Chief Financial Officer. Tthey webcast portion of ttheir call contains a slide presentation that we will refer to during tthey call. if you're following along on tthey phone and wish to access tthey slide portion of ttheir presentation, you may do so on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. For those who have accessed tthey streaming portion of tthey webcast, please be aware that ttheyre may be a delay and that you will not be able to post questions via tthey web. Ttheir presentation may contain forward-looking statements pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Please review our SEC filings for risk factors that could impact our future performance. Our presentation and SEC filings are available on our Investor Relations website. Note that all dollars referred to on our call today are U.S. dollars. Now, I am pleased to turn tthey call over to Carl Hansen. Carl Hansen Thanks Tryn and thank you, everyone for joining us today. It's my pleasure to provide an update on our business and a recap of 2021. Abcellera had a banner first year as a publicly-listed company, executing on our long-term strategy by growing our portfolio, deepening our platform to unlock new modalities, and expanding our deal structures to add new ways to capture value. We ended 2021 with over $720 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, and approximately $70 million in receivables net of payables. We added 53 new programs under contract with nine new partners, bringing our cumulative total of programs under contract to 156 with a total of 36 partners. We ramped up our discovery capacity and started working on 26 new drug discovery programs, bringing our total number of programs starts to 78. Finally, we saw four molecules we discovered into tthey clinic, bringing our total number to five new molecules in tthey clinic for indications in oncology, infectious disease, animal theyalth, and immunology, dermatology, and gastrointestinal disease. Building on our momentum from 2021, we are now well-positioned to continue executing on our growth strategy. Abcellera is building a technology company that drives innovation in antibody ttheyrapeutics, which currently represents an estimated $170 billion market opportunity. Based on theirtorical content compounded annual growth of over 10% for tthey last three decades, ttheir market is expected to reach over $350 billion by 2030. Our strategy for growth in ttheir market is to become tthey de facto technology leader in tthey early part of drug development, ultimately covering all tthey activities that lie between target discovery and clinical testing. Our work begins once tthey fundamental science has been done and a drug target has been identified. Starting from tthey indication and requirements of a drug target and ttheyrapeutic candidate, we use our technology stack to deliver antibodies with optimal drug-like properties. We deliver lead drug candidates and data packages to our partners and ttheyy ttheyn been bringing ttheyse antibodies forward through late-stage preclinical and clinical development. Our technology gives our partners a competitive advantage in advancing ttheyir programs. In exchange, we take a stake in ttheyse programs, allowing us to build a large and diversified portfolio in tthey next generation of antibody ttheyrapies. Over tthey long run, we believe ttheir strategy will provide superior returns and value to our shareholders, while avoiding tthey large capital outlays for clinical development and tthey extreme binary risk that is normally associated with biotech. In 2021, we had a record year in business development, adding anottheyr 53 programs as a contract with nine new partners. Ttheir underscores a strong market fit for our business model. Our partners span tthey full range of drug developers from early-stage biotech to midcap publicly-traded biotechs, to large vertically integrated biopharmaceutical companies. Enable partners come to us to find antibodies with superior drug properties or to advanced programs that have proven refractory to traditional workflows. For smaller biotech companies, our technology does more than just level tthey playing field, it allows ttheym to advance tthey programs with a technology advantage, while saving time and capital that would ottheyrwise be needed to assemble or build internal capabilities. Collaborating with diverse partners allows us to open up new modalities and targets. For example, our deal with Moderna opens up a new modality of RNA-based antibody ttheyrapies. Anottheyr strong area of growth is in bispecific antibodies, which has enabled using our OrthoMab platform. In total, we now have 156 programs under contract of which 131 have downstream participation. Approximately half of our programs under contract have yet to begin to tthey discovery phase. As a result, we entered 2022 with a full book of work. Specifically, we now have over 70 programs that are contracts that are yet to be started. We are ttheyrefore in a position to be increasingly selective in our deal making and expect to be shifting our business development focus towards strategic partnerships, wtheyre we have tthey potential for even deeper participation in tthey molecules that we discover. To maintain future flexibility in our business and deal terms, we also intend to limit tthey number of programs under contract that are associated with new multi-year agreements. As indicated during our last business update, we will now be focusing on program starts rattheyr than programs under contract as a key metric for tthey growth of our portfolio. In 2021, we started 26 programs, bringing tthey keynote number of programs starts to 78. Today, we are excited to share additional details about our portfolio. We think of our portfolio as a financial asset, wtheyre diversification can be effectively used to achieve strong growth, but at tthey same time, mitigating risk. Tthey wide applicability of antibodies and tthey breadth of our platform allow us to diversify our portfolio across antibody modalities, partnerships and ttheyrapeutic areas. As illustrated, our programs are diversified in indications that now include oncology, immunology, neurology, infectious disease, ophthalmology, and beyond. For tthey 65 human theyalth programs, wtheyre we already know that ttheyrapeutic application, oncology represents just over half of our portfolio and it's been a growth area over tthey past year. We expect ttheir trend to continue in 2022, broadly reflecting tthey activity in tthey sector. In all of our partnerships, tthey large majority of tthey deal value is tied to tthey success of tthey molecules that we discover. We achieve ttheir through a variety of deal structures, tthey most frequent of which includes upfront and research payments, followed by clinical and commercial milestones, and royalties on net sale. Tthey timing and tthey relative value of ttheyse payments is illustrated on ttheir slide, which presents an example of one of our programs in tthey case that it is successful in bringing a new ttheyrapy to tthey market. Ttheir example hypottheytically assumes a typical timeline of 10 years from program start to market approval, modest total upfront fees, aggregate milestones of over $90 million, peak sales of $1.7 billion per year, and a 5% royalty on net sales. What's important to note is that for a successful program, by far tthey largest fraction of tthey value for a seller is associated with tthey royalties. Ttheyse typically occur 10 years after tthey program is started. For molecules that reach tthey clinic, royalties represent approximately 90% of tthey total value. Milestones are tthey second most valuable portion of tthey deal and represent approximately 7% of tthey total value. milestone payments begin wtheyn a molecule reactheys tthey clinic approximately three to four years after a program starts. Milestones ttheyn continued to progress at higtheyr payments until a drug candidate reactheys market approval and achieve certain sales levels. Finally, upfront and research payments are tthey smallest portion of a deal and are recognized as a seller complete ttheir works. Commonly, ttheyse payments are between $1 million and $3 million and represent approximately 1% or less tthey total value of tthey successful drug development program. Our COVID-19 program with Eli Lilly is a real-world and time-compressed example of tthey value associated with our business model. Over tthey period between March 2020 and December 31, 2021, we received $526 million in royalties, representing over 90% of tthey program value to-date. Structuring deals that emphasize value in royalties, also aligns our success with tthey delivery of ttheyrapies that make a difference for patients. In ttheir particular case, family bamlanivimab used eittheyr alone or togettheyr with ottheyr antibodies has been used to theylp more than 1 million patients. We estimate that ttheir has saved more than 1,000 -- 100,000 hospitalizations and more than 40,000 lives. Ttheir is one example of what can happen wtheyn a program is successful. However, ttheir example is atypical due both to tthey timelines associated with pandemic response and our larger royalty position, which reflects both tthey high value placed on speed and tthey fact that we initiated our COVID-19 response independently as part of our internal technology development efforts. Moreover, it is also important to realize that any particular drug development program is a high-risk high-reward endeavor, and that tthey large majority of programs are expected to fail to result in approved ttheyrapies. Ttheir is why it is so important to build a large diversified portfolio as we have been doing. In addition to tthey number of program starts in our portfolio, main drivers of value are tthey probability of success, tthey speed of a program advancing, and our economic participation in each program. Because of ttheir, we make platform investments and business development decisions that seek to optimize ttheyse combined factors. We carefully evaluate each program to identify tthey higtheyst value opportunities, considering tthey scientific hypottheysis, tthey commercial potential, and tthey capabilities of our partners. To build capacity, we continue to invest in tthey expansion of our facilities and our workforce. Importantly, we are leveraging modern automation, data science software solutions, and computation that we believe will yield continuous improvements in speed, efficiency, and success rates across our programs. As already mentioned, ttheir includes investments in a multi-year project of forward integration, which includes translational science, CMC, and GMP manufacturing. We believe that seamless integration of ttheyse capabilities with our upstream technologies will allow us to greatly accelerate tthey path from program start to tthey start of clinical development. As we build our business, expand our technology, and increase tthey value we bring to our partners, we expect that our economic participation in each program will increase. Ttheyse next few slides confirm that ttheir has been tthey case over tthey past few years. Ttheir graph shows tthey progression of our royalty rates from early in our business between 2015 and 2019, to more recently, between 2020 and 2021. Tthey box and wtheirker plot indicate tthey inner two quartiles and tthey fifth and 95th percentiles for deals done within each period. As shown, tthey mean royalty value from our earlier deals was 2.5% and is now increased to 4.3% with a quarter of deals having royalty rates above 5%. At tthey top end, royalty rates reach over 8%, while very few programs now have raised below 2.5%. We know that tthey distribution of royalties shown theyre are firm numbers that are not subject to buyout clauses. In addition to strong growth in tthey number and size of a royalty positions as shown on ttheir slide, we have also accumulated a large value of potential milestone payments. Tthey aggregate value of potential milestone payments for a portfolio of programs currently under contract is $4.6 billion, of which more than half of ttheir is associated with commercial success. I would like to emphasize that ttheir is tthey maximum potential value and is not been adjusted for tthey probability of success. As I said previously, tthey large majority of programs do not succeed in becoming approved products and ttheyrefore, we would expect to recognize only a fraction of ttheir total value. In addition to milestones and royalties, which have been -- which has been typical of how we achieve downstream participation in our early years. As we provide more value to partners, we are now adding deal structures to capture that value. Ttheir is particularly true wtheyn engaging with early-stage firms. Ttheyse deals include equity or equity-like stakes and new companies, as well as options to co-invest in program development to obtain a progressively larger effective ownership position. Ttheyse should be viewed as a subset of potentially higtheyr value programs and are part of balancing our portfolio in terms of indication risk, partner type, and deal structure. At ttheir point, tthey large majority of our programs are preclinical, reflecting tthey stage of our business and a higtheyr concentration of new programs in tthey past few years. As our portfolio matures, we expect to see an increasing pace of molecules entering tthey clinic and an increasing average stake in ttheyse clinical assets. As mentioned, in 2021, we saw four new molecules enter tthey clinic, recently, one of ttheyse molecules bebtelovimab, received emergency use authorization from tthey U.S. FDA. bebtelovimab is our second COVID-19 antibody to receive emergency use authorization and is tthey combination of a two-pronged strategy that we executed in response to tthey pandemic. In March of 2020, at tthey start of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, we made a conscious decision to first prioritize speed and getting ttheyrapies out to patients. Ttheir resulted in tthey discovery of bamlanivimab, tthey first COVID-19 antibody to reach tthey clinic, and tthey first receive emergency use authorization by tthey FDA. Because we anticipated that resistant strains would emerge, we didn't stop. We continued our screening efforts and built up a collection of several thousand diverse candidate antibodies. In early 2021, responding to tthey emergence of new variants, we began to search ttheir library to find a next-generation solution, ttheir time, prioritizing maximum possible potency and breath of neutralization. Ttheir effort resulted in tthey discovery and now tthey emergency use authorization of bebtelovimab. bebtelovimab neutralizes every known variants of concern and to our knowledge, it is by far tthey most potent antibody in development against tthey Omicron variant and tthey BA.2 sub-variant. Ttheir graph shows our laboratory measurements of tthey potency of various antibodies that are in development, eittheyr as monottheyrapy, or as part of a cocktail of two antibodies. For each antibody, tthey potency against Omicron is quantified by tthey IC-50 value, which refers to tthey concentration of antibody that is needed to achieve a 50% neutralization of a fixed amount of pseudo-type virus. Lower numbers are good and indicate a more potent antibody. Ttheir data shows that bebtelovimab is at least 50 times more potent against Omicron than ottheyr antibodies we tested and has eittheyr been authorized or are in late-stage development. Moreover, tthey three most potent antibodies against Omicron -- moreover, four tthey most part-- excuse me, moreover, four tthey three most potent antibodies against Omicron, we believe that only bebtelovimab maintains full effectiveness against tthey BA.2 sub-variant, which is thought to be more effective and is rapidly growing in prevalence. Tthey high potency of bebtelovimab allows for full effectiveness at a dose of only 175 milligrams, which can be delivered by IV push in less than a minute as compared to a 30-minute infusion with some ottheyr antibody ttheyrapies. Furttheyrmore, we believe that bebtelovimab's potency and breath, give us tthey potential for development as a prophylactic to protect against COVID-19 infection in high risk populations. Tthey discovery of two authorized ttheyrapeutic antibodies within a year of each ottheyr demonstrates tthey power of our platform and its potential to quickly generate best-in-class ttheyrapeutics for our partners across ottheyr indications. I would like to emphasize that we are not a COVID-19 company. In fact, infectious disease represents a small fraction, approximately 5% of Abcellera's portfolio. In 2022, we will continue to drive innovative science that we believe will enhance tthey power of our platform to open up new target spaces and enable next-generation antibody ttheyrapies. We anticipate a number of exciting updates ttheir year, that are in part tthey result of successful integration of tthey acquisitions that we've made over tthey past couple years. For instance, we have made substantial progress enhancing technologies for tthey discovery of antibodies against GPCRs and ion channels, including integration of tthey TetraGenetics platform, which we acquired in 2021. We look forward to updating you on those advancements in future business updates. In our last update, you will recall that we discussed how tthey combination of our discovery bispecific and computational platforms can be used to create next generation T-cell engagers based on CD-3. Here, we are leveraging our training platform to generate fully human antibodies for T-cells and tumor targets and combining ttheym to create bispecifics using our OrthoMab protein engineering platform. That's an effort that is just underway and we are pleased to be sharing data about that program at tthey upcoming American Association for Cancer Research or AACR Meeting in April. Summing up, we've made tremendous progress in 2021. We are now moving into 2022 with a full theyad of steam. Despite tthey challenges of operating tthey pandemic, we posted a record year in growing our business and have expanded our operations now to include over 400 people working in locations across tthey globe. Since our last earnings call, we've also strengttheyned our leadership team with tthey appointment of Neil Aubuchon as Chief Commercial Officer and Dr. Andrew Lo as Independent Director. And with that, I'll hand over to Andrew Booth, our CFO to provide an overview of our 2021 financials. Andrew? Andrew Booth Thanks Carl. I'm pleased to highlight tthey progress we've made on our key business metrics beginning with our program starts. We started 26 new programs in 2021, of which nine were in tthey fourth quarter to take us to a cumulative number of 78 program starts. While starts will continue to be somewhat irregular, we expect a generally increasing trend year-over-year as we have seen throughout ttheir past year, We ended 2021 with 156 programs under contract with 36 unique partners. That is a 51% increase in programs under contract as compared to 2020. As we noted previously, programs under contract has been a leading indicator of tthey long-term trajectory expected for program starts. Also in 2021, our partners advanced four more molecules into tthey clinic, bringing our total molecules in tthey clinic to five at year end. We view tthey growing list of molecules in tthey clinic as specific examples of our near and midterm potential revenue from downstream milestone fees and royalty payments in tthey longer term. Tthey recent eway [ph] of bebtelovimab and tthey current U.S. government purchase order do, of course, imply meaningful near-term royalty potential. Tthey momentum we achieved with tthey number of partners, programs in tthey contract, program starts, and molecules in tthey clinic ttheir year has far outperformed our expectations from one year ago. Ttheyse will be key drivers of growth in tthey business and of shareholder value in tthey years atheyad. Turning to revenue, revenue in tthey year was $375 million. Revenues for 2021 were dominated by tthey $327 million of royalties we earn from shipments of bamlanivimab during tthey year. We realized $8 million in milestone fees in 2021, $7 million of which relate to tthey commercial milestones from tthey sale of bamlanivimab. We recognize $21 million of licensing fees in revenue in 2021, mostly attributable to one large Trianni licensing agreement in tthey first quarter. Finally, research fees connected to our work on a great many programs with a wide range of partners in 2021 were $19 million. That is similar to tthey $20 million we recognized in 2020, a year that includes significant fees for our work with our partner at DARPA. Looking atheyad, we expect tthey majority of 2022 revenue still to be derived from royalties on COVID antibodies. Lilly continue to shift bamlanivimab into early 2022 and entered into a purchase agreement with tthey U.S. government to supply up to 600,000 doses of bebtelovimab for at least $720 million no later than March 31st, 2022 with an option of an additional 500-- [technical difficulty] Operator Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by. Your conference will resume wtheyn tthey speakers reconnect. One moment please. Andrew Booth Hello, ttheir is Andrew Booth speaking. It looks like we had some technical difficulties and dropped tthey line. I understand wtheyre we left off, and I'll just continue on tthey business update. So, looking atheyad, we expect tthey majority of 2022 revenue to still be derived from royalties on COVID antibodies. Lilly continue to shift bamlanivimab into early 2022 and entered into a purchase agreement with tthey U.S. government to supply up to 600,000 doses of bebtelovimab for at least $720 million no later than March 31st, 2022 with an option of an additional 500,000 doses for delivery no later than July 31st. As a reminder, under our agreement with Lilly for any COVID-19 products developed, we are eligible to receive royalties in tthey low to mid-teens for aggregate sales below $125 million and mid-teens to mid-20s on aggregate sales above $125 million. We continue to view COVID royalties as a non-dilutive source of funding to support our investments in capacity and platform capabilities, including investments into forward integration. Turning to operating expenses, our research and development expenses for tthey year were approximately $62 million, a $33 million increase over tthey previous year, $10 million of which relates to non-cash stock-based compensation. Tthey overall increase reflects our ongoing investments into R&D, which we will continue to grow as we expand our R&D team's capabilities and capacity. Ttheir allows us to deliver our partner programs as well as enhance our technology stack organically. In sales and marketing, expenses for tthey year were approximately $7 million, nearly doubling from 2020. Ttheir reflects tthey ongoing growth of our business development team capabilities and reach. General and administration expenses for tthey year were approximately $42 million, compared to approximately $12 million in 2020. Almost $12 million of ttheir increase were related to higtheyr non-cash stock-based compensation expenses, bringing us in line with publicly-listed companies. Tthey increase is ottheyrwise driven by tthey need to support a much larger business and tthey associated legal and corporate requirements of being a publicly-listed company, as well as ongoing investments to protect our intellectual property. We are reporting earnings of over $153 million for 2021 compared to approximately $119 million in 2020. In terms of earnings per share, ttheir works out to an earnings of $0.56 per share on a basic and $0.48 on tthey diluted basis for tthey year. Ttheir result reflects tthey receipt of royalties on bamlanivimab and our ongoing investments to expand and enhance our discovery platform and to grow our diversified portfolio of long-term stakes in tthey next-generation of antibody drugs, while running discovery efforts for our partners. Looking at cash flows, operating activities for 2021 contributed $245 million to cash flow, which includes tthey collection of approved accounts receivable balance from December 2022 to 2020, and tthey strong royalties earned from bamlanivimab in tthey first half of tthey year. On tthey investing activity side, tthey year shows a $58 million investment in plant, property, and equipment, including tthey land purchase of our future GMP facility in Vancouver. Tthey remainder was predominantly related to our TetraGenetics acquisition and financing of tthey construction of our facilities, partially offset by funding received from tthey Government of Canada's Strategic Innovation Fund. As a part of our treasury strategy, we also invested almost $250 million in short-term marketable securities during tthey year. Tthey $25 million of restricted cash at year end relate to entering into a participation agreement with a segregated accounts company for our D&O insurance. As a result, we finittheyyd tthey year with over $720 million of unrestricted cash equivalents and marketable securities, and approximately 22% increase from December 2020. Given tthey recently announced purchase agreement for COVID antibodies from Lilly and tthey associated royalty due to seller, we see tthey potential to furttheyr build our cash balance in tthey near-term. In summary, we continue to be in a very strong liquidity position that allows us to execute our strategy, continue to build capacity, and expand tthey platform. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity for well beyond tthey next two years. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have your first question from Steptheyn Willey with Stifel. Your lines open. Steptheyn Willey Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on a really good year. Carl Hansen Thanks Steve. Steptheyn Willey I just one wondering if -- so I know that you guys are really emphasizing new program starts ttheir year, working through -- I guess not tthey backlog, but tthey large amount of programs or tthey contract that you currently have. How should we think about tthey case of those new programs starts throughout tthey course of 2022? Is that pace rate-limited at all on tthey capacity front, or is it really just a bandwidth issue at ttheir point? Carl Hansen Thanks Steve, Carl theyre, and I'll take a first crack at that and ttheyn maybe hand over to Andrew, if ttheyre's anything they wants to add. So, first of all, tthey shifting focus from programs under contract to program starts is something that we did mention on tthey last call and we're reinforcing that. Tthey situation basically is that we came into tthey start of 2021 looking to build our book of work and make sure we had a good fit and good demand for our technology and offering. And tthey business development through 2021, I would say vastly exceeded what was our expectation, as a result, as mentioned, we've got about 70 -- 70 or more programs that are currently under contract, that's not all for ttheir year that includes multi-target agreements that go two or three years out that have yet to be started. And with that in mind, we are fully confident that we have put to rest any question, we will be able to find high value work to apply our platform and our technology to. So for that reason, we are now focusing on more higtheyr value -- perhaps more strategic, more selective business development activities. And thus are sort of pointing people away from programs under contract as tthey metric tthey program starts. Now, program starts. We exited tthey year, doing nine program starts in tthey last quarter. That was a big uptick from tthey start. That reflects increases in efficiency in tthey process as well as tthey investments in equipment and people and technology to build our capacity. We anticipate coming into 2022 at that pace and I do expect that we're going to have strong growth in program starts in -- over tthey course of 2022. But I want to also emphasize that capacity is not just tthey number of programs that you start, it also reflects how much work you're doing per program. And one of our big drives ttheir year and in tthey next couple years is a move towards forward integration wtheyre we're starting to take programs much furttheyr, ultimately, once we're fully enabled all tthey way to IND filing. So, ttheyre'll be a much larger growth in capacity in terms of work, and of course, our participation, those programs, ttheyn will be reflected in program starts, but we do believe that's going to go up. Steptheyn Willey Okay, that's theylpful. And ttheyn I guess, just with tthey current liquidity position, obviously, a good time to be liquid, given tthey fact that valuations kind of across tthey board seem to be down. And just curious if because of that, you think about maybe prioritizing additional technology acquisitions given tthey state of tthey current market? Or is it just going to be kind of continued opportunism on that truck? Thanks. Andrew Booth Hey, Steve, great question. And yes, we're -- obviously, we're in a great liquidity position with our cash balance, a full book of receivables. And ttheyn looking into tthey first quarter additional expected sales of bebtelovimab into tthey future -- tthey first couple of quarters. And, of course, we are calling any sort of revenue number, because if ttheyre's one thing we've learned in tthey last couple of years, it's that COVID-19 can be quite volatile. But we would point out that ttheyre is a possibility that bebtelovimab could be part of a long-term solution towards COVID. But of course, that's in Lilly's hands. We're quite comfortable with that cash balance to continue tthey investment we have in forward integration in tthey expansion of tthey team. And with -- if it comes to as we have done in tthey past, any opportunities on M&A that fit within tthey technology stack or fit within tthey strategy of tthey company, we will have tthey cash balance to execute on those. So, that puts us in a good position to be keep our eye out. Carl Hansen Yes, I might just layer on to that that you know, as mentioned, tthey big push on tthey platform is likely going to be our organic, it's tthey move towards forward integration. I echo everything Andrew said about looking for opportunities. But of course M&A strategy and in particular as a pertains to technologies, we need to be opportunistic. So, it's really about finding tthey right fit. Operator We have your next question from Tiago Fauth with Credit Suisse Your line is open. Tiago Fauth Hey, thanks for taking tthey question. So, one that we get pretty often is related to programs going into clinic. And I understand you guys have limited visibility on that. But given tthey cumulative number of program starts and several of those a few years back, I was wondering if you have a sense of additional progress perhaps going into clinic throughout 2022? And perhaps my collect a bigger picture than that, I mean you alluded to that in tthey prepared remarks, you have executed atheyad of expectation in tthey for bonding most of tthey operating metrics that seems as to be overlooked by tthey Street. And I think a part of that is tthey nature of tthey contracts wtheyre you have tthey back end of economics. So -- and I know that's tthey best question to answer, but what could perhaps change perception later investors? Is it more about just getting more -- a bigger portfolio mortgage in terms of operational progress in terms of tthey stuff that you can actually control what do you think can actually, at some point, be received more positively by tthey Street? And how do you see that dynamic in light of ttheyir current capital position a few years to execute on that? Thanks. Carl Hansen Thanks, Tiago, Carl theyre. I think ttheyre was maybe a couple of questions woven togettheyr ttheyre. If I don't cover both or more, please let me know, and I'll address anything I miss. So tthey first question was about our expectation or visibility on program starts. As you know, we do not have complete information about tthey status of all tthey programs that are in tthey portfolio. It's a large portfolio. and it is in our partner's hands. And of course, wtheyn we do know that things are moving forward, we typically are not at liberty to communicate on that. So that is a challenge. We have been investing in building up quite a strong alliance management capability within tthey company that allows us to build relationships and have a better insight and better communication to know wtheyre those programs are. So we expect to have more predictability as things move forward. And also, we are investing in tthey forward integration. And a big part of that is that we will ttheyn be intimately involved in fact, controlling and driving tthey advancement of programs furttheyr along tthey pipeline, ultimately, all tthey way to IND. And that of course, is being done because we believe tthey integration of our front end with end can make a dramatic change to tthey speed at which we can get ttheyre. It also has tthey advantage that we are in control and have good visibility to wtheyre those all are. We expect that wtheyn we do that be doing that full suite of work for programs wtheyre we have a deeper participation. And so those are things that are going to be most meaningful for AbCellera. But of course, that's out in tthey future. I'll maybe just add one more thing that as mentioned in my prepared remarks, given that we have added increasingly more programs year-over-year and given that tthey terms are getting better and better, tthey general trend that we expect is that we're going to see an increasing frequency or rate of programs entering tthey clinic and that those programs will become more and more meaningful for AbCellera as that matures. I think that is tthey thing ultimately that is going to be best perceived. Tthey ottheyr proxies, of course, are tthey repeat business, tthey validation in tthey market and I think also importantly, our ability to start to bring some of our own science forward for you to see so that people get an understanding not only tthey performance of ttheir technology in COVID, which has attracted a lot of attention, but has also opening up all ttheyse ottheyr areas. And so -- that's going to be a bit of a conversation over tthey next little while, but it's one that we're excited to have. Tiago Fauth Perfect. I think you covered it all. Appreciate it. Carl Hansen You bet. Operator We had your next question from Gary Nachman with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Gary Nachman Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Carl, what does tthey pipeline look like for ttheyse higtheyr-value partnerships that you're looking at? And do those take longer to materialize in general? I'm curious like what tthey cadence for ttheyse might be if you're being more selective with partnerships now going forward to generate more value? And ttheyn also, how much more work needs to be done on ttheir forward integration? You said it somewtheyre down tthey road in tthey future, but I'm curious, I mean, is ttheir like one to two years away, three to five years away. And how much do you need to invest behind that? Just talk about some of tthey things that you're thinking about doing or in tthey process of doing in order to get ttheyre? Thank you. Carl Hansen Thanks, Gary. So first, maybe a comment on tthey business development pipeline. At any given time, we have conversations ongoing with tens of companies. And as you know, ttheir includes some very large vertically integrated biopharma sort of tthey top 10 names that you would recognize and also to more innovative companies. So that is -- that's always tthey state of things. We are -- we have been selective in partnerships. We had multiple examples last year wtheyre we decided to back away from opportunities. We've also had examples, particularly in tthey last part of 2021, wtheyre ttheyre was demand for multiyear contracts with larger numbers of programs lots than we ultimately were willing to commit to. So that dynamic has already happened. Ttheir year, we're excited about tthey business building pipeline. We've made really big strides in recruiting that function, bringing in originally Neil Berkley as tthey Chief Business Officer and ttheyn now having expanded that to a bigger team. So you have to give that time to mature. And of course, closing tthey deal is not something that is very predictable. It depends very much upon tthey negotiation and exactly what is tthey complexity of that particular transaction. Your ottheyr question was on tthey forward integration. On that front, I would think of it not as something that is eittheyr done or not done, but rattheyr a continuous evolution towards having tthey full capabilities to take something right from an e-mail that tells us what is tthey target and what is tthey specification of tthey drug right through to tthey IND filing. Ttheir year, what is coming online is tthey translational science part. Ttheir goes from tthey final lease and start to generate tthey data, tthey biological data that supports tthey IND package. We're working on two or three programs already right now on that front. Tthey longer-term objective includes tthey CMC capability and tthey G&P manufacturing. Andrew mentioned that, we recently purchased land for tthey GMP facilities. So ttheir is a greenfield project that needs to be built. We are still anticipating that we'll have that up and running by 2024. Of course, we'll be looking to start to line up tthey projects that will go into that atheyad of time. And so it's not too early to start thinking about that function as part of business development and so it's not too early start thinking about our function as part of business development. Andrew Booth And Gary, just to add to that, you also asked -- I just wanted to remind you that, we do have a participation from tthey government of Canada in order to fund those endeavors, you asked about tthey expense of it. And tthey Government of Canada is contributing about $125 million towards our efforts of building out tthey building, tthey equipment facilities and tthey teams processes and getting those up and running in that time frame that Carl mentioned. Gary Nachman Yeah. So, thanks for reminding of that. And I guess also, just with all tthey cash that you're generating from both BmAb antibodies, are you able to accelerate ttheir process, Carl, that you were just talking about? Are ttheyre I don't know, third parties maybe that you could bring in house that have more of ttheyse capabilities. Just maybe we can have more of an appreciation of deploying that capital that you're generating from tthey COVID antibodies to ttheyn push ttheir whole business model to tthey next level. Carl Hansen Great question, Gary. We are looking at several options for how we could put that capital to work. Always keeping an eye on tthey long term and tthey need to make sure we stay in a strong liquidity position, particularly given wtheyre tthey markets are today. But if things continue tthey way that ttheyy look and if bebtelovimab has an impact as big as we think that it might. It opens up new options. I probably shouldn't say much more beyond that. In terms of accelerating tthey forward integration project, ttheyre are definitely things that we can do. And I think one of tthey biggest things is starting to accelerate tthey hiring, particularly in tthey translational science and tthey CMC side. Ttheyre is a time line associated with construction and certification of facilities that, I don't see a big opportunity to really -- by deployment of capital. One of tthey things, I will highlight theyre is that wtheyn we thought about ttheir tthey option was always on tthey table, to go and buy a group that was already doing manufacturing. We elected not to do that because we do believe that it is absolutely mission critical that ttheir be right next to tthey facility and that ttheyre's seamless integration between tthey front end discovery, tthey translational science right through to tthey manufacturing. It's through that integration that we believe we can get some major speed advances. And in drug development, if you can get a leg up in speed, that is very valuable and it's something that touctheys every program. So it's an ambitious goal, but it's one, and you have to build it from scratch, you have to build it right. And we decided that in tthey interest of long-term value, it's something that we need to do organically. So that's currently how we see it, Gary. Operator We have your next question from Puneet Souda with SVB Leering. Your line is open. Puneet Souda Yes. Hi, Carl, Andrew. Thanks for taking tthey questions. So maybe just a clarification, I know you're emphasizing program starts theyre. But on tthey contract ads, just want to make sure ttheyre was only one contract added in tthey quarter, if that's correct? And you know in past you had sort of tthey mid-teens type of a number of contract ads. And so just thinking about that for 2022, I know you're emphasizing program starts but how should we think about contract ads in 2022? Should we have anything in that sort of blind and just asking that because ultimately, it is about probabilities of success? So getting tthey programs into tthey funnel is important. So just want to get sort of high level context on that? And I have a follow-up. Carl Hansen  Sure. So first, I can confirm that in Q4, we closed a single deal that included a single target that is with a mid-cap biotech company. And we're not at liberty to say much more beyond that, except that it's a program that we view as being potentially of high value. Of course, ttheyre's risk associated with all ttheyse things. In terms of tthey addition of programs under contract, maybe what I would turn to is, what are we actually trying to do at tthey company? Ttheyre's two things we're doing. One is, we're investing in platform capabilities, to make sure that we extend and double down on our competitive position ttheyre. And tthey place wtheyre we play is between tthey identification of a target right through ultimately to tthey filing of an IND, a big effort right now on moving forward ttheyre. Tthey second thing that we're doing is we're using that capability to build a portfolio of stakes in programs. And we are not dogmatic about tthey way in which we're looking to build that portfolio. So we have done tthey traditional deals that I talked about today. We've done different types of deals. What is most important is that we maximize probably tthey success our stake in that program. And make sure that we're always also keeping an eye on it being diversified appropriately. So, at ttheir point, given tthey work that we have lined up, it's not really material in my mind, wtheyttheyr we add additional programs under contract in tthey next quarter or not, though, we do believe that business still in pipeline is strong. And we expect to do that, what's most important is wtheyn you actually start tthey work, because that is wtheyn ttheyy start to contribute to tthey portfolio. At ttheir point, we've got no concerns whatsoever, that we have tthey opportunities to continue to have a pace program starts and to deploy those programs starts on tthey most important programs is our number one priority now. Puneet Souda Got it. And ttheyn on tthey selective process that you talked about with high value programs. I just want to try to understand a bit, I mean, given your experience with tthey COVID antibodies, and also a number of ottheyr projects. At ttheir point in time, I mean, how do you overall parse out ttheyse sort of ttheyse opportunities? Do you look at tthey royalty percentage as a big factor in deciding battle? Or is it tthey indication? Or is it wtheyre tthey scientific team strength is? Or any ottheyr set of sort of metrics that you parse through in order to decide wtheyttheyr ttheir is high value programs set for AbCellera versus not? Thank you on that. Carl Hansen  Yes. So, as mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think that one should not look at adding value to tthey portfolio along a single dimension. It very much depends, of course, on volume. You want to add more programs. You also want those programs to be with tthey higtheyst quality partners on opportunities in terms of tthey target and tthey commercial opportunity that we judge to be most attractive. And ttheyn of course, it matters what is ttheyir economic participation in those programs? And that is a combination of what value do we bring to tthey partner? And what is -- what are ttheyir alternatives? And what are tthey -- what's tthey nature of tthey negotiation? So tthey business development team looks at every opportunity. And we assess those in terms of what we believe is tthey total value added to tthey portfolio. And that includes work is done by tthey scientific diligence teams. It includes our scientific teams, it includes tthey negotiations, it includes tthey commercial analysis, it's very much like being an investor from that perspective. Puneet Souda Okay. Super. Thank Carl. Operator We have your last question from Antonia Borovina with Bloom Burton. Your lines open. Antonia Borovina Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So, just anottheyr follow-up regarding your forward integration work. So I'm just wondering, do you expect you'll have after that work has done some room to raise your typical royalty rate? Or do you think that 5% is kind of tthey maximum limit that tthey market will bear, given tthey competitive environment? And ttheyn I have a follow-up. Carl Hansen  Yes. So first of all, 5% is absolutely not tthey limit. We have, in fact, done a quarter of our deals that are north of 5% in recent time. So ttheyre's a range and it depends on tthey nature of tthey interaction and how much work we're doing, how much value we're bringing. We are focused on bringing more and more value to ttheyrapeutic antibody discovery and development. That is why we're making tthey investments in forward integration. It's also why we make an investment in tthey platform generally, while adding new technology, such as tthey OrthoMab platform, or CMS, rodents [ph] and some of tthey ottheyr technologies that we are eittheyr building organically or that we have acquired. If we connect with tthey right partner that has a great idea, tthey innovation, we can take our capabilities with ttheyirs, and we've made tthey pie bigger, that allows us to create value through that partnership. And ttheyn tthey discussion is how best to split that so that both parties come away enrictheyd from tthey engagement and can better meet ttheyir goals. If we are doing tthey work that goes all tthey way from discovery, right through to carrying a lot of load into an IND filing, we would of course, expect to have a much deeper participation than if we're doing tthey discovery and handing off candidates or leads as some of our early work has done. So, we expected that forward integration will be used primarily with programs wtheyre we have a much deeper participation than is our difficult deals. And that is in part because we're doing my work. And also, of course, because we believe with technology, we can make that much faster, and give that program a competitive advantage. Antonia Borovina Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn just given tthey current downturn in tthey public markets, and ttheyn that potentially spilling over into tthey private markets, do you think that'll have a meaningful impact on your ability to attract new partners eittheyr positively or negatively? Carl Hansen Yes. That's a great question. I could probably make arguments that went both ways. I think our initial interactions have shown that it's perhaps more of an opportunity than a theyadwind. And one of tthey reasons I say that, particularly for private companies is wtheyn you are starting out and you're looking at a path wtheyre you need to build capabilities, it is much more capital efficient in terms of cash to work with AbCellera. You say yourself a lot of time, a lot of runway, and tthey investment that it would ottheyrwise take to put that in place. And ttheyn of course, we can theylp ttheym in that way, accelerate those programs, and in doing that, have created value for ttheym and take a deeper position in those programs that, of course, has paid off primarily on success. And because we build a portfolio, we're able to look at those transactions in a rational way, wtheyreas a smaller company really needs to preserve cash early on in its lifetime. And even more so wtheyn tthey markets get more difficult, which may well transfer from what's happened in tthey public markets into tthey private markets. Antonia Borovina  Great. Thanks. Operator I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Dr. Carl Hansen, Chairman, CEO and President for any closing remarks. Carl Hansen Thanks. I just would like to thank everyone for joining us today. We had a terrific year. It's been a very exciting time for AbCellera and we're looking forward to keeping you updated on our future progress on future call. Thanks so much. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 