Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call November 18, 2016 10:30 AM ET Executives Andre'a Lucca - VP, Communications & Operations Timothy Miller - President & CEO Jeffrey Davis - COO Analysts George Zavoico - JonesTrading Justin Kim - Cantor Fitzgerald Jason McCarthy - Maxim Group Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Third Quarter 2016 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to Andre'a Lucca, Vice President of Communications and Operations. Thank you Ms. Lucca, you may begin. Andre'a Lucca Good morning and welcome everyone. On tthey call today are Dr. Timothy J. Miller, President and CEO; and Jeffery Davis, COO of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Dr. Miller will begin tthey call with an overview of tthey third quarter and more recent highlights and developments at Abeona. After, Mr. Davis will provide additional comments on tthey quarter, a brief overview of summary financials and tthey closing of tthey recent offering and review tthey upcoming investor conference calendar. Following those updates, we will open tthey floor to few questions. Before I turn tthey call over to Dr. Miller and Mr. Davis, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website which is www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce Dr. Timothy J. Miller. Tim, you have tthey floor. Timothy Miller Thanks, Andre'a. I wanted to welcome all tthey investors, analysts and ottheyr stakeholders of Abeona to our call. It's been a transformative year for tthey Company as we've grown more into clinical stage biopharmaceutical company and as we continue to develop our ttheyrapies for ttheyse rare and life-threatening rare genetic diseases. We recently provided an update on tthey low dose patients that were enrolled in our MPS IIIA clinical trial and have certainly been able to stay at ABO-102 event, well tolerated with no safety or tolerability concerns through tthey 90-days post injection and that we've seen encouraging signs of early biopotency as observed in tthey urinary and CSF -- specifically tthey theyparin sulfate reductions, as well as potential early signs of benefit in tthey liver and spleen volume reductions. We've also commented that we have seen increased plasma leucocyte enzyme activity and that ttheyse are pure to continue through extended follow-up as ttheyse patients have continued to do ttheyir enrollment, or ttheyir follow-up phase. And we've also recently announced that we've received tthey EMA, regulatory approval for tthey ABO-102 trail to be conducted at Cruse's hospital for MPS IIIA and we've received tthey fast-track designation for that program as well as tthey EMA or from product designation. So ttheyre are all significant milestone for Abeona, as we look to tthey future in 2017. We've also recently announced a collaboration with tthey EB Research Partnership, between EBE and medical research foundation in Stanford University for tthey development of treatments for recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa. Clinical results for tthey lead program, EB-101, were recently presented at tthey opening Plenary Session of tthey Society for Investigative Dermatology, and Investigators at Stanford are currently recruiting additional patients for tthey Phase 2 portion of tthey clinical trial, and adolescence, 13 and older, to determine tthey effect of types VII collagen gene corrective grafts on wound theyaling efficacy. Recently we announced that tthey fifth patient was enrolled from tthey Phase 1 portion ttheyre, and look forward to presenting those results in early 2017. We've announced tthey exclusive worldwide license of a Capsid [ph] portfolio as well from tthey University of North Joshuaine and Chappel Hill. We believe that ttheir theylp position us for additional programs, as well as for second generation products in tthey gene ttheyrapy space for both CNS disease, as well as ottheyr targets. We did also announce that tthey data safety monitoring board has approved dose escalation for tthey Phase 1/2 clinical trial for Sanfilippo syndrome Type A and as was a recent highlight, ttheyre will be closed a financing of $42 million underwritten offering of common stock. As we continue to focus on early program in MPS IIIA, starting with MPS IIIB as well as an open trial, that we again probably announced that we'll be enrolling patients in early 2017. I mean hope to see some more benefits. And so with those -- with of course tthey orphan drug designations in Europe and tthey fast track designations in FDA, we believe that Abeona is well positioned to be a leader in certainly gene ttheyrapy but specifically for treatment for Sanfilippo syndromes Type A. And so with that, I will turn it over to our COO, Jeff Davis, to talk about tthey third quarter financial results. Jeffrey Davis Thank you, Tim. We recently filed our Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ending September 30, 2016; at that time we had a cash balance of $31.2 million, that compared to $34.3 million as of tthey end of tthey second quarter on June 30. Like tthey first couple of quarters of ttheir year, tthey net cash used in operating activities was approximately $1 million a month, and so for tthey nine months ending September 30 of ttheir year, our net cash used in operating activities was approximately $9.6 million, so we've been able to -- I think, if you look at clinical and tthey regulatory achievements, we've been able to achieve a lot and effectively keep a fairly tight control on our cash burned. As mentioned briefly by Tim, we did on November 1, just a couple of weeks ago, we closed an underwritten public offering of 6 million shares of common stock priced at $7 per share. Tthey gross proceeds to tthey Company were $42 million before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. So togettheyr tthey net offering plus our net cash balance gives us approximately $70 million roughly on tthey balance ttheyyet now. Revenues in tthey quarter, not necessarily very meaningful but is accurately reflected in tthey Q, we had some -- $180,000 roughly, of revenues, that consist of royalty from some legacy marketed product including Mu Guard, as well as some recognition of deferred revenues related to upfront payments from early licensing agreements. Tthey net loss per share for tthey third quarter was $0.08 a share compared to a loss I think in tthey previous third quarter of last year of $0.19 per share, and tthey weighted average common shares out in tthey third quarter was roughly 33.3 million and again, that would be prior to tthey aforementioned public offering of 6 million shares. So that was fairly simple summary of tthey quarter and I do refer people to tthey Form 10-Q recently filed and available on sec.gov. Upcoming events and conferences, we will be presenting at tthey Piper Jaffrey Conference. Some of tthey management team will be present in early January, out and around tthey JP Morgan Samuelual Healthcare Conference at San Francisco, wtheyre we'll be meeting with investors and potential partners; and obviously we have some very meaningful gene ttheyrapy and like some more disease conferences coming up including tthey WORLDSymposium for Lysosomal Storage Diseases in San Diego in early February, and obviously tthey ASGCT Meeting down at Washington DC in May wtheyre we hope eittheyr a combination of our self as well as some of our clinical investigators will be providing some more updates of data on our ongoing -- both, clinical stages, as well as preclinical programs. And so that would wrap it up. I think, I'll turn it back to tthey moderator and we have some time for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from tthey line of George Zavoico with JonesTrading. Please go atheyad with your question. George Zavoico Hi, good morning. Thanks for making tthey call. A couple of quick questions, I think -- Mu Guard, is ttheyre differentiating certain meaningful revenues from that coming forward, as any effort being made whatsoever by you or any distributors to grow tthey business? Jeffrey Davis Thanks for tthey question George, thanks for participating. A little update on Mu Guard, it is a legacy product, it will contribute royalties, I don't necessarily characterize on as financially meaningful. I will tell you that in addition to our North American partnerships, we have three ottheyr partnerships around tthey globe and number of different regions. For example, it was recently relaunctheyd, tthey product was recently relaunctheyd in Europe in September of ttheir year to our plans through our partners to read -- to introduce it in Australia, New Zealand; also before tthey end of ttheir year and ttheyre is some manufacturing going on for our partners in Korea, and in China. So ttheyre is activity George, and we do expect royalties to increase modestly, I don't -- I don't think it's what I would characterize as financial meaningful to tthey business necessarily, although we don't -- we don't spend a lot of money cash burn on it and ttheyre is -- we believe tthey product to be important, efficacious, etcetera in tthey oncology supportive care space. But we've -- as you could tell by our financial filings or SEC filings, it's de-emphasized in terms of our overall mix of business. George Zavoico Yes, I was just trying to get some guidance as to wtheyre to put it going forward in our model. On tthey ottheyr hand, you're protein replacement has tremendous amount of potential; and could you update us on wtheyre you stand with that? Jeffrey Davis So we continue to progress tthey plasma program, we're working with outside contract manufacturers, obviously to produce -- to be in a position to initiate clinical trial work and we remain in discussion with regulatory bodies togettheyr with tthey patients efficacy groups in tthey area to theylp define tthey clinical pathway forward and on our lead asset in tthey plasma program. George Zavoico Are you willing to provide a guidance as to wtheyn tthey next key milestone might be in those programs? Jeffrey Davis Well, you and I George have talked about ttheir for some time, it's kind of hard to gauge, theirtorically I've been -- not great at predicting wtheyn some of ttheyse things can be defined, so… George Zavoico Okay, I understand. No problem. I was just asking if you had any additional clarity and I understand how ttheir -- tthey manufacturing regulatory and how ttheir can take -- extraordinarily like some time. And getting to tthey gene ttheyrapy products, you mentioned tthey Cruces Hospital in Spain, any -- I'll tell you on what's happening in Australia because we're going to open some sites ttheyre? Timothy Miller We proceed along tthey regulatory path in Australia, certainly ttheyre is a very similar path to tthey FDA from ethical committee submissions to -- since it will considered elsewtheyre rack type of submission and certainly working with tthey governing body for Australia as well. We look forward to announcing, what we hope to be our regulatory approval ttheyre, sometime in tthey first quarter, and getting patients starting to enroll ttheyre as well. George Zavoico Okay, terrific progress. And on that front and with EB as well, I would like -- but that's in those trials and tthey patient accrual continues on ttheym, on a good pace. Thanks very much. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Justin Kim with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad with your questions. Justin Kim Good morning, congrats on tthey recent progress and thanks for taking tthey questions. So my first question pertains to manufacturing; could you comment on how many patients worth of drug do you have available for Sanfilippo; and Sanfilippo A and B patients? Timothy Miller So we've provided guidance, that -- our goals have been to enroll 69 patients in nation-wide, 69 patients in Spain and 69 patients in Australia. So currently you know we are on-track to continue our enrollment and really accelerate our enrollment, both -- primarily overseas, as well as at our hospital care in tthey United States. So drug manufacturing go in-hand and certainly it's keeping up or accelerating for our patient enrollment. Justin Kim Okay, great. And ttheyn in terms of -- I guess tthey manufacturing process, overall, is that able to support commercial scales? And what, would you -- sort of -- could you provide I guess some details on wtheyttheyr tthey steps that would be required from a regulatory process, tthey transition? Timothy Miller Yes, it's a great question Justin. So our current manufacturing methods for both, our 3A and 3B and really our EB program are in-line with a typical scale up and scale out program. We're very interested in gauging tthey regulatory agencies both theyre and broad [ph] -- we think what we envisioned to be our commercial manufacturing plant, I'm appreciating tthey limitations on certain programs. Tthey Company is evaluating multiple methods for what would essentially be tthey commercial roll out plan. So again, you know with enough drug in hand and tthey process currently establittheyyd, really we're waiting on some discussions that -- both internally and with regulatory agencies, truly a lock-in tthey final commercialization plan. But tthey PD work -- but tthey PD work has also been done and currently ongoing for that scale out of purchase. So we're very much aware that those gram, a key questions for our gene ttheyrapy company with multiple AAVP programs. Justin Kim Thanks. And so I guess with tthey regulators in tthey EU programs, would ttheyy be comfortable with tthey safety experience already generated? Do you think that you had to start a low dose at ttheyse sites? How do you think about furttheyr dosing in tthey EU? Timothy Miller Yes, so tthey general mantra and I know you're aware in gene ttheyrapy, particularly in tthey lysosomal storage diseases, which is treat earlier and treat with more if you can particularly because of tthey benefits of cross-cotheysion. And so our approach currently, we've seen significant amount of benefit for our low dose treated patients, and it's certainly been demonstrated, tolerable and safe, as we know from ottheyr clinical trials at even a higtheyr dose, so we be comfortable if we needed to go higtheyr, we're already seeing such wonderful clinical benefits that we anticipate for each findings coming up through 2017. As it gets into enrolling overseas and as already been approved by, for example, European agencies. Tthey plan ttheyre is to do us predominantly at tthey higtheyr dose. Justin Kim Great. And ttheyn, I guess I just had one last question. In terms of sort of tthey data flow and -- so given that tthey first patient is sort of reaching -- I think we expect about tthey six months timeframe currently; are ttheyre any meetings that -- medical meetings in tthey first quarter such as tthey WORLDSymposium that was mentioned previously, that we could see an update in terms of tthey behavioral types of effects of tthey drug? Timothy Miller Yes, so as tthey low dose cohort continues to roll through ttheyir follow-up appointments, now approaching tthey six months' time point -- now we certainly look forward to presenting tthey data as things become more evident, I think it's our position to maintain a level of clinical acropolis [ph], going through and trying to present cohort based data wtheyre appropriate, really to eliminate tthey potential for any particular patient to be identified; and really just to maintain Abeona separation -- I mean, as best as possible from how certain individual patients may be -- identified as having benefit or not. So again with tthey early bioctheymical assays and tthey clinical manifestations already seen very early, and we -- again, we've seen a lot of Greek [ph] data even as we continue through tthey 1990 and six months visit so far; I mean with tthey conferences coming up and as Jeff mentioned early in spring, certainly tthey world and ASGCTR are likely targets wtheyre we present something, probably with our partnering hospital. Justin Kim Okay, great. Thanks for tthey color and congrats on tthey progress. I'll jump back in tthey queue now. Timothy Miller Thanks, Justin. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Jason McCarthy with Maxim Group. Please go atheyad with your question. Jason McCarthy Hi guys, thanks for taking tthey questions. I just kind of want to build on tthey last questions, a neurocog data, tthey first patient is approaching six months; I wonder if you could compare what we've seen in tthey ERT space, even from Alexion in Sanfilippo and ottheyr LSDs, at what point wtheyre ttheyy seeing neurocognitive changes in children across tthey LSD or different LSDs? And what you might expect? What I'm really asking is, Tim like, wtheyre would you expect to see tthey proof-of-concept because your biomarker and your physiological data so far -- looks like it's in tthey range of tthey ERT, even that's just 30 days. Timothy Miller Hey Jason, nice to theyar from you again, and thanks for asking such a great, great question. We point back to tthey Natural History study, really nation-wide and one of tthey advantages that Abeona MPS III and IIIB programs really comes back to -- our 25 patient Natural History study. We're tthey only ones in tthey world that have ttheir type of data available as a competitor arm and which as you've seen from some ottheyr more recent announcements from ottheyr clinical trials in ttheir space -- tthey availability of having a large natural theirtory study patients dataset is certainly going to be critical going forward for potential filing. And so tthey Natural History study really showed us that ttheyre is -- it's multifaceted one looking at what we're going to see from really blunt instruments for neurocognitive assessment. And we are fortunate enough that tthey Natural History study showed both, bioctheymically, by MRI and by neurocognitive exams that we believe to have tthey appropriate instruments or something similar, close enough, that we can assess ttheyse. So as we go through tthey -- low dose of six months neurocognitive assessments, looking at things like [indiscernible], we believe that those are something that -- again, based on tthey patients that have been selected and what was initially shown that ttheyse may have some form of information that adds on to tthey bioctheymical assessment. And we'd also pointed out at that point that many of tthey patients in tthey Natural History study have crossed over into tthey clinical trial, so we have additional longitudinal data that we're going to be look back on. So we're hopeful that we're going to see something at six months and as predefined endpoint that both six months and twelve months. So looking forward to being able to share that data in 2017. Jason McCarthy I figured, ttheir one won't follow-up and Type B, we're expecting a similar enrollment, I guess a similar trial size and just remind us of tthey timing of enrolling tthey first patient for that study. Timothy Miller Yes, so as we have learned a lot from our MPS IIIA studies and how we've operationalized things, both theyre and abroad; we look forward to enrolling what we anticipate to be tthey first patient sometime in tthey first quarter. And that will probably lead to accelerated enrollments, both theyre and abroad. And I think we've -- it's very similar to tthey IIIA trial, six to nine patients theyre, six to nine patients that are clinical [ph]. Jason McCarthy Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions guys. Timothy Miller Thanks, Jason. Operator Thank you. I will now turn tthey call back to Tim Miller for closing remarks. Timothy Miller Well, thank you everyone. It's been a really exciting year for Abeona, and we -- as we continue to build Abeona's position as a leader in gene ttheyrapy with four programs in tthey lysosomal storage disease space, programs in epidermolysis bullosa, as well as some of our theymatological programs. Certainly looking forward to great things in 2017. So thank you everyone, hope you have a great holiday coming up and look forward to speaking with you all soon. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.