Abeona Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 14, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Jeffrey Silverstein – Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations Carsten Thiel – Chief Executive Officer Tim Miller – President and Chief Scientific Officer Juan Ruiz – Chief Medical Officer Analysts Maury Raycroft – Jefferies Liav Abraham – Citi Kennen MacKay – RBC Elemer Piros – Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. First Quarter 2018 Earnings and Business Update Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to now turn tthey call over to Jeffrey Silverstein, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Jeffrey Silverstein Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. Today's call will be led by our Carsten Thiel, our Chief Executive Officer. Carsten will be joined by Tim Miller, our President and Chief Scientific Officer; Juan Ruiz, our Chief Medical Officer; and Jeff Davis, our Chief Operating Officer. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my great pleasure to introduce to you Dr. Carsten Thiel. Carsten, you have tthey floor. Carsten Thiel Thank you, Jeffrey, and good morning, everyone. I'm delighted to be on Board and very excited about tthey opportunities that lie atheyad. I would start ttheir morning by sharing a few thoughts about Abeona and some initial impressions from my first month. Ttheyn I would like to highlight our clinical programs and business development as ttheyse programs are critical to our continued success and mission to patients, and ttheyy align well with our strategic intent to deliver long-term growth and increase value for shareholders. I will ttheyn turn tthey call over to my colleagues for more details on our programs, quarter financials and investor-related events before we open tthey floor for questions. Before I begin, as announced ttheir morning, it is with great pleasure to welcome our newly appointed Directors of our Board, Stefano Buono and Richard Van Duyne. We believe ttheyir insights and expertise will play an important role in guiding and theylping us advance our business strategy in tthey years atheyad. I’ve been theyre for about a month now, having joined on April 2, and I’ve spent much of my time with our teams getting a direct view of tthey strengths of our existing science and capabilities and assessing potential new value drivers. I've been deeply impressed with tthey talent, experience and accomplishments of our employees contribute to our company and want to commend ttheym for a remarkable quarter and thank ttheym for ttheyir warm welcome, unwavering focus and performance through ttheir transition. Frankly, I could not have imagined a better start in tthey company and would like to thank Tim Miller, specifically, for our good collaborations and their vision and leadership without which we would not be tthey company we are today. We are fortunate to have them transition to Chief Scientific Officer. I believe we have tthey right people and assets to create greater value for our shareholders. Looking to tthey future, we have a critical next 12 months and continued momentum to build upon. With Abeona's commitment to make patients, leadership in gene ttheyrapies for rare diseases and innovative technologies and manufacturing platform, I am confident that we can achieve ttheir objective. Our clinical pipeline is led by three transformative, gene and cell ttheyrapy programs, and we're well positioned to continue to deliver on our mission to give hope, relief and an extended life and better quality of life to patients, many of whom are children suffering from diseases for which ttheyre are currently no treatment options. Furttheyrmore, we have opportunities to extend our leadership with additional indications for programs that are not yet in tthey clinic, including our next-generation AIM vector platform. Let us now discuss tthey work completed in tthey first quarter and in recent weeks. Ttheyre were two important regulatory designations that we have received from tthey FDA. Our lead clinical program, EB-101, in recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa or RDEB received Regenerative Medicine Advance Ttheyrapy designation or RMAT in January, and ABO-102 and MPS IIIA received ttheir designation in April. Ttheyse decisions underline that FDA views tthey data from our programs to be promising and to have tthey potential to address tthey unmet medical need for tthey RDEB and MPS IIIA patient populations. With RMAT, we will also be granted frequent meetings with tthey FDA as well as become eligible for priority review and accelerated approval programs. Ttheyse additional benefits will ensure that our dialogue with tthey FDA remains focused and on track to support our overall efforts on our path to regulatory approval. In addition to RMAT, we received three ottheyr regulatory designations throughout tthey quarter, all for CLN1 disease, which we are treating with one of our preclinical programs, a gene ttheyrapy using AAV as a route of delivery. Ttheyse designations are Orphan Drug Designations in tthey U.S. and in tthey EU and Rare Pediatric Disease Designations in tthey U.S. We announced clinical updates starting tthey year off with preliminary 30-day results from our ABO-101 gene ttheyrapy trial for patients with MPS IIIB. Ttheir is a rare, intheyrited, progressive and life-threatening metabolic disorder that affects children already from young age. Ttheyre are currently no approved treatment options available. MPS IIIB is caused by gene defect created by a missing enzyme named NAGLU caused by tthey deficiency of tthey NAGLU enzyme needed to break down complex sugar molecules called mucopolysaccharides, a.k.a., theyparan sulfate. ABO-101 AAV gene ttheyrapy product delivers a transformative effect throughout tthey body with a single intravenous injection. Tthey 30-day results from tthey first patient enrolled reported in February were very encouraging in demonstrating that ABO-101 is well tolerated. Early potency data were in line with early ABO-102 data demonstrated in our MPS IIIA program. ABO-101 shows early biopotency signals with significant disease-specific theyparan sulfate reductions in cerebrospinal fluid, urine and plasma. Tthey first subject experienced a 300-fold increase in NAGLU enzyme activity observed at 30 days postinjection. Tthey ongoing Phase 1/2 trial is enrolled in patients at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio. We plan to enroll a total of three patients in Cohort 1 at a dose of 2 each of tthey 13 before dose escalating to tthey Cohort 2 dose of 5 each of tthey 13 following a review by our independent Data Safety Monitoring Board. Plans for potential clinical trial expansions are being assessed and integrated into tthey development plan for ABO-101. Furttheyr in February, we announced results from our ABO-102 gene ttheyrapy trial for patients with MPS IIIA. Like MPS IIIB, ttheir is an autosomal recessive lysosomal storage disease with similar devastating effects such as neurocognitive decline, speech and mobility loss and premature death, also with no available treatment opportunities. MPS IIIA is caused by a gene defect created by tthey missing enzyme SGSH, which tthey ABO-102 AAV gene ttheyrapy product corrects through a single intravenous injection. Ttheir trial has thus far enrolled 11 patients in three separate cohorts with dose escalation in each cohort. Tthey data presented in February covered patients over all three cohorts showing significant time and dose-dependent reduction of tthey underlying disease pathology, including decreased CSF and urine GAGs and diminittheyyd liver volumes. In addition, we observed evidence of cognitive benefit at six months posttreatment in Cohort 2 and at one year in Cohort 1. Tthey trial which is in tthey Phase 1/2 stage has been conducted at three sites; Nationwide Children's Hospital in tthey U.S.; Clinico de Santiago in Spain; and Adelaide Women and Children's Hospital in Australia. Besides a very actively screening patients with continued enrollment in tthey Cohort 3 dose, which we believe will be tthey ttheyrapeutic dose, and we plan to complete tthey enrollment of ttheir trial by tthey end of ttheir year. Also in February, we announced tthey FDA allows us to lower tthey enrollment age down to six months from tthey initial two-year parameter, a very positive signal and one that highlights tthey evident safety of tthey product. Safety remains consistent and promising in our view with no drug-related side effects. We look forward to reporting additional updates from ttheir trial as tthey data are collected throughout tthey year. I'd like to close tthey clinical developments with our epidermolysis bullosa or EB programs, and our gene ttheyrapy product EB-101, a treatment for patients suffering from RDEB, tthey most severe form of EB. RDEB is a life-threatening genetic skin disorder characterized by devastating and painful consequences, including chronic skin blistering, open and painful wounds, esophageal strictures, corneal abrasions and a shorter life expectancy. Due to gene mutations, patients with RDEB lack tthey collagen VII protein, which is tthey main component of tthey anchoring fibrils that attach tthey dermis to tthey epidermis. Ttheyse patients suffer from intense pain throughout ttheyir lives and life-threatening complications with no effective treatments available to reduce tthey severity of ttheyir symptoms. EB-101 is our gene-corrected autologous cell ttheyrapy product for patients with RDEB and works as a skin patch using tthey patient's own cells and genetically reengineers ttheym to produce tthey missing collagen VII protein. Ttheir reduces tthey number of painful blisters caused by injury and has demonstrated improved wound theyaling in our Phase 1/2 clinical trial for over three years. Tthey advancements made through ttheir trial, which is conducted by Stanford University are significant and clinically meaningful, showing durability and ultimately relief and improved quality of life for ttheyse patients. Togettheyr with tthey FDA and armed with tthey Breakthrough Ttheyrapy and RMAT designations, we are working to finalize tthey design of our Phase 3 trial for ttheir program and are defining tthey pathway forward for tthey trial to begin later ttheir year. Tthey data reported from our lead clinical programs continue to underscore tthey safety, durability and clinical benefit of our gene ttheyrapies, and our regulatory achievement reflects ttheir as well. Tthey last thing I'd like to touch upon is our internal manufacturing facility in Cleveland. Tthey strategic initiative was taken prior to my signing on, and I'm pleased and impressed with tthey team's progress and tthey precise build-out of ttheir GMP-grade facility, which will have tthey capability to manufacture clinical and commercial grade products over Abeona's multiple programs. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Tim Miller, who will update you on our preclinical programs. Thank you. Tim Miller Thank you, Carsten. It's been an exciting quarter for a lot of our preclinical studies. In our preclinical work in tthey first quarter, we achieved two regulatory designations from tthey FDA for our program in CLN1 disease, also known as infantile-onset Batten disease, an intheyrited genetic disease in newborns that progresses very rapidly. Tthey Orphan Drug Disease Designation was received in February and tthey Rare Pediatric Disease Designation was received in March. After quarter-end, ttheir program also received its third regulatory designation, EMA – tthey Orphan Drug Designation by tthey EMA, European – or Europe's regulatory body. In preclinical studies, ABO-202, which is tthey CLN1 program has demonstrated increased survival in CLN1 mice treated with tthey combination of intrattheycal or intravenous delivery compared to intrattheycal or intravenous delivery alone. Similar to ottheyr lysosomal storage diseases like MPS IIIA and IIIB, tthey early presentation and rapid decline of patients with infantile Batten disease may see similar results from earlier intervention with gene ttheyrapy and at higtheyr doses. Our IND-enabling studies continue to support tthey CLN3 gene ttheyrapy program, and our CLN1 IND-enabling studies will start very soon. Both programs have been recognized with Orphan Drug Designation by tthey FDA and EMA, highlighting tthey stage of development and how tthey amount of preclinical data to date have supported tthey translation of tthey programs into tthey clinic. In addition, we continue to work on optimizing and expanding our worldwide exclusive AIM vector platform, which has AAV capsids that have demonstrated enhanced selectivity of specific tissues compared to naturally occurring AAV capsids. Studies are ongoing and utilize different levels of administration relative to first-generation vectors with direct CNS, intravenous or intramuscular approactheys which may be used to enhance gene delivery. Ttheir platform provides alternatives for next-generation treatment opportunities in patients that may have neutralizing antibodies to natural AAV serotypes as well as a potential option for additional AAV treatment strategies in patients that were first treated with a natural-occurring AAV. We continue to develop and expand tthey AIM cthemeric AAV vectors, both internally and through tthey strategic partnering efforts. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Jeffrey, who will review our first quarter financials. Jeffrey? Jeffrey Silverstein Thanks, Tim. I remind listeners that we have recently filed a Form 10-Q wtheyre you can get all tthey specific details on our financial results. But in summary, our cash, cash equivalents as of March 31, 2018, were $132 million compared to $137.8 million as of tthey end of tthey fourth quarter of last year, December 31, 2017. Net cash used in operations for capital expenditures for three months ending March 31, 2018, was $7.6 million compared to $5.9 million in tthey same period of 2017, an increase of $1.7 million. Cash outflows were offset by inflows of approximately $1.8 million from proceeds of tthey exercising of outstanding options and warrants. Total net cash outflow was $5.8 million for tthey quarter. From a revenue perspective, our revenues were $2.6 million for tthey first quarter of 2018 compared to $186,000 for tthey similar quarter tthey year prior. A large portion of tthey increased quarterly revenues consisted of tthey recognition of foundation grants that were announced during tthey fourth quarter of 2017. A portion of those grants were received in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 and in tthey first quarter of 2018. And tthey amount recognized is matctheyd against corresponding expenditures for drug manufacturing and clinical readiness. Additional revenues consisted of royalties from tthey marketed products, specifically MuGard. In tthey quarter, Abeona adopted tthey ASC 606 pertaining to revenue recognition, and ttheyrefore ttheyre will no longer be any recognition of deferred revenues related to upfront payments from earlier license agreements Loss per share was $0.18 per share for tthey first quarter of compared to $0.13 per share in tthey comparable period in 2017. Total number of common shares outstanding as of tthey day that we filed tthey 10-Q on May 10 is roughly 47.3 million shares. That's tthey summary of financials. In respect to tthey upcoming investor relations and scientific events conferences, I would like to highlight tthey upcoming 21st Michaelual American Society for Cell and Gene Ttheyrapy Conference, or ASGCT, taking place May 16 through tthey 19th in Chicago. We've several oral presentations and posters at that conference presented from our company's clinicians and KOLs, including a breakfast symposium on May 17 at 7:00 a.m. We hope you can join us. We're hosting a fireside chat with Dr. Sean Escolar and Dr. Barry Byrne at tthey symposium. During that same week, our EB program will be presented by tthey team at Stanford University at both ASGCT and IID, International Investigative Dermatology Conference in Orlando, Florida. You can find all ttheir information and more in tthey recent press release and in tthey Investor Relations section of our website. In addition, we are very excited to be planning tthey ribbon cutting ceremony of our GMP manufacturing facility for gene and cell ttheyrapies in Cleveland. We will also be participating in a number of conferences throughout tthey remainder of ttheir year, particularly tthey upcoming Jefferies Global Health Care Conference in New York City, June 5 through tthey 8th. And with that, I will turn it back to Carsten. Carsten Thiel Thank you, Jeffrey. In summary, I am excited about tthey progress we have made across our pipeline over tthey recent quarter. And you've theyard from Jeffrey that we have a promising future atheyad of us that includes important milestones for our company. I want to thank our hardworking staff, our investors, our clinical investigators and, most of all, our patients for working with us to develop potentially curative ttheyrapies for ttheyir devastating diseases. I will now turn over tthey – to tthey operator to open up for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Maury Raycroft with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Maury Raycroft Hi, good morning, and congrats on tthey progress. To start, for EB-101, I'm wondering what we should expect at ASGCT and tthey SID meeting? If you can contextualize tthey data we'll see at both meetings? And if you can also remind us wtheyre you are at with tthey final details with tthey FDA for tthey Phase 3 trial design? Carsten Thiel Yes, thank you Maury. Good morning, I am glad you’re on tthey call. So tthey two questions, what to expect ttheir week at tthey conferences, obviously, we ask everyone for a few days more – more patients for tthey data readouts. I'll let Tim give you a bit more detail on tthey presentations ttheir week, what's happening. To your second question, we are in tthey finalization stage of tthey protocol for tthey Phase 3 study. Ttheir is an important milestone for us. In parallel, good progress is happening so that tthey Phase 3 study can be at a good place. So, Tim, with respect to tthey presentations ttheir week? Tim Miller Hi, Maury, nice to speak with you again. As Carsten mentioned, ttheyse will be mostly incremental updates for tthey EB-101 program. As you know, we've enrolled seven patients, tthey first patient of which is actually through almost four years of follow-up. So tthey investigators will be providing an update on really just wound theyaling through additional time points. Maury Raycroft Okay, great. And ttheyn, next question is based on tthey fireside chat discussion planned at ASGCT. If you can provide any previews to what topics will be included and wtheyttheyr ttheyre'll be any focus on tthey evolving thinking around neurocog subdomain measures in MPS IIIA and IIIB, specifically? And I don't know if – I wonder I realize your CMO is available, but if they can provide any perspective on ttheir, that would be great? Carsten Thiel Yes. So with respect to MPS IIIA, I guess, that's what you're asking. We feel very confident and good about tthey work that has been done in tthey Natural History Study and tthey scales on tthey neurocognitive med performance and function assessed and tthey consistency with our clinical trials. So again, ttheir week will just be update, and I'll let Juan give a bit more detail on tthey neurocognitive scales that we're using. Juan? Juan Ruiz Yes. Thank you, Carsten. Thank you, Maury. Let me emphasize, as Carsten has pointed out, that tthey selection of tthey cognitive scales is one of tthey most relevant decisions or tthey measuring of tthey outcomes of our clinical trial. And we are fortunate that we are – we have counted with collaboration of Nationwide Children's Hospital on tthey Natural History Study ttheyy conducted that has theylped us to inform of tthey most adequate parameters on tthey scales to use in tthey assessment of tthey patients treated in our trial. We have selected those that were identified in ttheir Natural History Study, and we are confident that ttheir scale will provide us tthey data in order to evaluate tthey efficacy of our treatment. Carsten Thiel Thanks, Juan. Operator Our next comes from tthey line of Liav Abraham with Citi. Please proceed with your question. Liav Abraham Good morning. My first question relates to ABO-102 and data that are expected at ASGCT later ttheir week. Can we expect biomarker data from tthey most recent two patients that were enrolled in tthey trial and tthey higtheyst-dose cohorts later ttheir week? Carsten Thiel Good morning Liav, and thanks for joining. I can understand tthey curiosity in what's happening over tthey next couple of days, we haven't disclosed any more detail per patient, and so I think tthey ASGCT conference is important to see any updates. Liav Abraham Got it. And can you confirm wtheyttheyr any additional patients have been enrolled in tthey trial since your recent announcement that a total of 11 patients have been enrolled in tthey ABO-102 trial? Carsten Thiel Yes, actually up to date 11 is tthey number that we have disclosed so far. Liav Abraham Okay. And now that you have RMAT designation for ABO-102, do you guys have a better sense of what data you feel that you need to have to hand in order to engage with FDA and agree on a pivotal trial design? And any update on your timeline for engaging with FDA on ttheir program? Carsten Thiel Yes, ttheir is actually a very important question. Tthey RMAT designation allows us to engage with FDA and that's something that's now a priority for us. We don't want to get atheyad of ourselves. And I see ttheir dialogue with FDA as an important milestone that is atheyad of us. And ttheyn, we will know what that means for our regulatory process and what needs to be included in tthey package. Thank you. Liav Abraham And one final question for you, Carsten. Just given your background, can you talk a little bit about tthey preparations that you're making on tthey commercial front for some of your lead compounds, tthey time to market is not that far away, hopefully, and maybe you can just talk about wtheyttheyr you started laying tthey groundwork for – on tthey commercial front and for commercial activities? And wtheyre you are in ttheir process? Carsten Thiel Yes. Actually, ttheir is very close to my theyart, and I thank you for asking tthey question. Access, reimbursement and commercial has been somewhat, I would say, behind tthey outstanding work that tthey company has done on science and on tthey clinical side. So one of our priorities now is to recruit tthey leadership in tthey commercial organization. I think we have great potential both in tthey U.S. as well as in Europe. I see ttheyse opportunities across ttheyse two major regions. And tthey focus is clearly on commercialization. Ttheyse are rare diseases and require a very particular and specific approach. And as with all gene ttheyrapy companies, access and reimbursement is going to be a key question to address, and we will have tthey capabilities for that. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Kennen MacKay with RBC. Please proceed with your question. Kennen MacKay Hi, thank you for taking my questions. And looking forward to tthey update coming at ASGCT. So I won't ask on what's coming at ASGCT since it's couple days away theyre. But again, maybe just wondering if ttheyre was any additional color you could theylp us with on tthey potential registrational trial designs for EB-101 and ABO-102? I guess for, specifically, EB-101 after tthey RMAT designation, wondering if we could still be thinking about a potential registrational trial theyre that involves enrollment of a dozen or so patients with seven to eight wounds per patient and a control wound in those. Is that still sort of tthey right way to be thinking about ttheir after your interactions with tthey FDA so far? Or should we be maybe thinking about a larger trial more in line with some of tthey theirtorical trials that have been run in RDEB? Carsten Thiel Yes. Thank you, Kennen, for tthey question. As you know, we are in tthey finalization process. Tthey conversation so far has been very positive. And tthey endpoints that we had in our Phase 1/2 study with more than 50% wound theyaling are indicative of success. And we anticipate tthey Phase 3 trial to recruit roughly 10 to 12 patients with more than 50% wound theyaling. So as you rightfully said, tthey controls will be intra-patient with at least one chronic wound at tthey same patient for control, untreated. Kennen MacKay Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Elemer Piros with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question. Elemer Piros Yes, good morning. A question. I was wondering if you could tell us a little bit about tthey enrollment patent in tthey IIIA trial. Wtheyn you look at tthey theirtorical pattern, obviously ttheyre were some higtheyr enrollment rates last year. Could you discuss, maybe, tthey screened failure rate in tthey study and what is your plan to increase or enhance enrollment in tthey study? Carsten Thiel Sure. Thanks very much for tthey question. And I will refer to Juan, who can give a bit more detail on tthey specifics of tthey screening process and how many screening success and failures we have in tthey IIIA trial. All I just want to say upfront is we're delighted with tthey progress of that trial. As you know, we're working very closely with tthey investigators, and we see a strong collaboration with tthey families of those affected patients. So with that, Juan, do want to talk about tthey screening so far? Juan Ruiz Yes. Thank you, Carsten. Well, tthey screening failures that we have observed in our trial are mostly related to tthey presence of antibodies for tthey AAV9 that we are using. And ttheyy have been in tthey same rate that you can find antibodies in tthey normal population. So we haven't seen anything different from that. And as Carsten has emphasized, we are very pleased with tthey enrollment progress of our trial, currently having enrolled 11 patients and targeting 15. We are confident that we will provide information later ttheir year about tthey completion of enrollment. Elemer Piros Okay. Thank you very much. And maybe, just one more from me, Carsten. If in a Phase 3 trial for tthey RDEB population, would you be utilizing material made in Cleveland or at tthey original source at Stanford University? Carsten Thiel So regarding tthey RDEB program, ttheir trial is going to start with Stanford material and University of Stanford is preparing for ttheir now with GMP-conform material in parallel. And I think we have disclosed ttheir also before, we're voting off Cleveland, tthey site, it's going to be finittheyyd by tthey end of ttheir month in May, and ttheir site is going to be able to provide both commercial supply for EB-101 as well as Phase 3 clinical trial supply. Operator Thank you. We have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session, and we set tthey conclusion of today's call. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.