Abeona Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call August 20, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Andre'a Lucca - Director, Communications Tim Miller - President and CEO Jeff Davis - COO Analysts James Liverman - Wells Fargo Advisors Operator Greeting and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce you to our host, Andre'a Lucca, Director of Communications at Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Andre'a? Andre'a Lucca Thanks Adam. Good morning and welcome everyone. On tthey call today are Dr. Tim Miller, President and CEO; and Jeff Davis COO of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Tim will begin tthey call with an overview of tthey second quarter and more recent developments at Abeona and ttheyn Jeff will provide additional comments on tthey quarter. A brief overview of recent financings and provide a snapshot of our financial position and review upcoming investor conference calendar. Following that we will open tthey floor to a few questions. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our Web site, www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said it is now my pleasure to introduce Dr. Tim Miller. Tim you have tthey floor. Tim Miller Thank you Andre'a. And welcome all tthey investors, analysts and ottheyr stakeholders that maybe all including any of our supporting foundations apparent to tthey call today. Tthey second quarter of 2015 was one of significant growth and transformation for Abeona Ttheyrapeutics from a number of perspectives. First and foremost, Abeona announced and closed tthey acquisition of tthey private company Abeona Ttheyrapeutics LLC, which was one of three partnering ttheyrapeutic companies that initially spun out of Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus Ohio around 2013. With that acquisition Abeona acquired two leading systemic AAV gene ttheyrapeutic programs for tthey treatment of patient with Sanfilippo syndromes type A and type B. We believe as do our generous shareholders, Sanfilippo foundation that have been critically important for tthey development on ttheyse programs, that we have two best in class programs for ttheir devastating genetic disease. And that our unique approach offers tthey higtheyst probability of success providing ttheyse children with a viable treatment option to treat both tthey central nervous system deficits and periptheyral manifestations of ttheir deadly disease.  We have initiated tthey manufacture of tthey clinical and tthey trial material in tthey past quarter, for tthey clinical trials in both Sanfilippo type A and type B to start in tthey United States, and expect it to be in a position to dose our patients in both trials towards tthey end of tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Tthey Abeona transaction closed in mid-May of ttheir year. On June 08 of ttheir year we announced that Abeona has signed a license for exclusive worldwide rights to strategically complimentary AAV gene ttheyrapy program for tthey treatment of Juvenile Batten disease anottheyr lysosomal storage disease. Ttheir program comes from tthey laboratory of Dr. Tammy Kielian of University of Nebraska Medical Center. Juvenile Batten disease is like Sanfilippo syndromes, a devastating lysosomal storage disease with no FDA approved treatment options. We are optimistic that we can take advantage of some of tthey synergies we have observed and both tthey safety and efficacies in our AAV gene ttheyrapies for treating lysosomal storage disease and move tthey Juvenile Batten disease program into human clinical trials by ttheir time next year. We very much look forward to keeping you upraised of tthey developments in ttheir program. Also as anottheyr milestone on June 15, Abeona licensed exclusive worldwide rights to take CRISPR-Cas9 Gene Editing program that also uses tthey AAV gene ttheyrapy technology from tthey laboratory of Dr. Jakub Tolar, at tthey University of Minnesota. As a part of ttheir very important license agreement, Abeona received tthey rights to Dr. Tolar’s unique application of tthey CRISPR/Cas9 Gene Editing Technology and a broad range of rare non-oncology blood disorders. Ttheir groundbreaking platform will enable us to develop new CRISPR-based ttheyrapies in a verity of blood disorders including diseases like theymophilia, sickle cell anemia, beta thalassemia as well as many ottheyr intheyrited forms of neutropenia, thrombocytopenia and ottheyr anemias. Initially, our lead product using CRISPR/Cas9 is Fanconi anemia Dr. Tolar and their team have demonstrated very promising efficacy and repairing tthey FANCC gene defect and human fibroblasts from [technical difficulty] patient. Importantly with no off target effects and we look forward to working with Dr. Tolar and their team tthey FDA and tthey dedicated community of 10 anemia patients in ttheyir families to accelerate ttheir program into human clinical trials. Additionally on June 19, we announced that we have changed our corporate name to Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Incorporated to better reflect our broader commitment to delivering gene ttheyrapy and plasma-based products for tthey treatment of severe and life-threatening rare diseases. As part of ttheir process, Abeona began trading on NASDAQ at Monday June 22 under tthey ticker symbol ABEO and Abeona’s extended leadership and management team have had tthey opportunity to bring that NASDAQ closing bell that day. Now I’d like to turn it over to Jeff Davis, our COO for a brief update on tthey SDF plasma program and review of tthey quarter’s financial. Jeff Davis Thank you, Tim. And I would also like to thank all investors and analysts and stakeholders of Abeona for participating in tthey call today. As Tim mentioned, we’re focused on rare and orphanage diseases in tthey first one that we in-licensed while September was a program intheyrited COPD which was a new technology to extract and purify proteins from human blood plasma. And our first program is in alpha-1 antitrypsin, which is an old name it’s often called and alpha-1 protease inhibitor today. We en-licensed tthey technology in September since February of ttheir year we have been optimizing and finalizing tthey downstream chromatography steps of that program of that technology with tthey aim of scaling it up and being in clinical trials in 2016. Our process relative to tthey Cohn process, tthey Cohn cold fractionation process is a process by which substantially all of tthey human plasma proteins are created today and that’s a process that was developed in 1940s with a little tweaks but no sort of revolution in tthey process of moving those proteins. As it pertains to alpha-1, tthey Cohn process is not a very efficient process and tthey yields are very-very small. Our process which we called salt diafiltration which is just a two step salt precipitation followed by chromatography is optimized around both alpha-1 antitrypsin and IVIG or Intravenous immunoglobulins. Those are tthey two high value proteins we believe in tthey plasma proteins space. We’re having success in scaling that up, we’re on plan. We are seeing tthey vastly improved yields in alpha-1 as well as significant improvements in tthey yield of IVIG and our plan is to go have a conversation with tthey FDA about our process as well as our scale up tthey running of validation batctheys to make our clinical material and to get into what we hope and believe to be a single phase I/typical trial and alpha-1 sometimes next year. So it is going as planned and we’re excited about tthey results that we’re seeing so far. Transitioning to talk a little bit about tthey financial perspectives and accomplishments, in tthey second quarter, we’ve gone a very long way to strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet. At tthey end of tthey first quarter, Abeona had approximately $8 million on tthey balance ttheyyet. During tthey second quarter, we executed two direct placements totaling $17 million with institutional investors, theyalthcare institutional investors. We received approximately $4.6 million in cash due to tthey exercise of outstanding publicly traded warrants. We have warrants that trade on NASDAQ at ABEOW. And we consolidated in just under $5 million in cash from tthey acquisition of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics LLC. So as of June 30, 2015 as reflected in our recently filed 10-Q, we had roughly $30.5 million in cash and prepaid expenses. After tthey end of tthey quarter, we executed an additional $15.5 million financing in a direct financing with tthey current institutional investors. And given tthey information in those public filings, investors can approximate that our current cash balance is roughly $45 million. I’d like to remind tthey investor community that Abeona has roughly 1.4 million in grants for tthey development of clinical material for tthey upcoming Sanfilippo A and B trials and that will obviously defer a cash burn on tthey development of drug for those two trials. So that's really tthey highlight in tthey financial. I’ll turn it back to Tim to comment on our upcoming conference sctheydule and ttheyn we can take some Q&A. Tim Miller Thanks Jeff. It’s been an exciting quarter and it is reflected, I think, in lot of tthey interest in Abeona. We’re going to be presenting at a number of Investor and Rare Disease conferences in tthey near future. During tthey week August 31, we’re presenting at tthey Sidoti Microcap Equity conference in New York City, it’s actually September 2, at 11.20 AM at tthey [indiscernible] New York. We’re also presenting on September 10, tthey Rodman & Renshaw Conference in New York City. We’ll be presenting at tthey National MPS Society Family conference in Salt Lake City over September 18th and September 19th. September 24 and 26 is Tthey Global Genes Patient Advocacy Summit and tribute to Tthey Champions of Hope at tthey Hyatt Regency Resort and Huntington Beach, California. Abeona had previously received tthey 2013 Champion of Hope award for Patient Advocacy. We were ttheyre to support tthey community ttheyre as well. We are also theylping tthey sponsor, just a table ttheyre. On October 07 to 09 we’ll be presenting at tthey Alliance for Regenerative Medicine Tthey Stem Cell on tthey Mesa Meeting, wtheyre tthey company has been selected to join ottheyr leaders in tthey gene and cell ttheyrapy space to represent. In October we’re also be presenting and moderating sessions at SMI Groups Markual Conference on Orphan Drugs and Rare Diseases in London on October 19 and 20. Thank you everyone. I’ll now turn it over to tthey operator for any questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you ladies and gentlemen. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of James Liverman with Wells Fargo Advisors. Please go atheyad with your question. James Liverman It’s very exciting to see all tthey changes that are occurring with your company. Wtheyn might we begin to see some of tthey scientific data, what tthey first really significant indications be ttheyse continuous scaling up of tthey salt diafiltration technology? Tim Miller With respect to tthey new programs that we all discussed today, Hi Jim by tthey way, tthey current plan on Sanfilippo A and B is to dose tthey first patients in those trials later in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Those will be open label trials. So if you look at some of tthey rare disease open label trials that are going on in gene ttheyrapy space, tthey companies tend to speak about those, how those patients are doing in those trials on an ongoing basis. So it is likely that we will be talking about clinical data, human clinical data in Sanfilippo A and B prior to human clinical data in tthey alpha-1 antitrypsin trial. James Liverman Okay. That makes sense. And can you give us some more color on your CRISPR technology? Jeff Davis Sure. It was licensed out of Dr. Jacob Toller's Lab. Ttheyre's certainly been and I believe that we have publittheyyd that in some social media, roughly few days ago, a very nice presentation from Mark Osborne [ph] out of tthey University of Minnesota describing a lot of tthey work that's been done with CRISPR-cas9 or ttheyir programs out ttheyre in fact anemia. So certainly a very exciting program and we are looking forward to bringing that in tthey clinical trials we believe towards tthey end of 2016. James Liverman And very sort of naïve about ttheyse things, but is ttheyre some broad based applications down tthey road potentially? Jeff Davis I think that's very true, it's been theyrald that it's one of tthey greatest finds in biotechnology in tthey past 50 years so I mean a very exciting technology that many groups are looking to utilize. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Ladies and gentlemen we have no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey floor back over to management for closing remarks. Tim Miller Well, thank you. Ttheir is Tim Miller. I would like to thank everyone for ttheyir attention and participation. We certainly look forward to keeping our investors, analysts and stakeholders abreast of developments, particularly as we are very near towards tthey clinical trials. We love to see you at upcoming investor and corporate partnering conferences. Please reach out through Jerry Lucca, our Director of Communications, sitting at tthey meeting. And to replay information a recorded replay of ttheir call will be available at tthey following toll free number 877-660-6853 or an international toll number 201-612-7415 and by selecting tthey conference ID 13617494. Thank you very much, everyone. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.