Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call November 20, 2017 10:00 AM ET Executives Logan Silverstein - Vice President, Investor Relations Tim Miller - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Davis - Chief Operating Officer Analysts Matttheyw Eckler - RBC Capital Markets Liav Abraham - Citigroup Maury Raycroft - Jefferies Ram Selvaraju - H.C. Wainwright Elemer Piros - Cantor Fitzgerald Matttheyw Cross - Jones Trading Operator Greetings, and welcome to Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Third Quarter 2017 Financial Results and recent business highlights. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, and a brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to, Logan Silverstein. Thank you. You may begin. Logan Silverstein Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. On tthey call today we have, Dr. Tim Miller, President and CEO and Jeff Davis, COO of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Dr. Miller will begin tthey call with an overview of tthey third quarter and more recent highlights and developments at Abeona. After, Jeff will provide an additional commentary on tthey quarter, a brief overview of financial summary and provide a snapshot of our financial position, and review tthey upcoming investor conference sctheydule. Following that, we will open tthey floor to a short Q&A session. Before I turn tthey call over, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during tthey call can contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may vary materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our Web site at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce Dr. Timothy Miller. Tim, you have tthey floor. Tim Miller Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us on ttheir morning on our earnings call. Tthey third quarter was marked by notable advancements in our goal of building a leading rare disease company with a focus on gene ttheyrapies. Importantly, we initiated enrollements in our global clinical trial sites for ABO-102, for treatment of patients with MPS IIIA, and reported additional data to underscore tthey durability and clinical benefit on ttheir gene ttheyrapy. Our Epidermolysis Bullosa program achieved a very nice milestone with FDA Breakthrough Ttheyrapy designation, completed its Phase 1/2 clinical trial and is now continuing to advance as we finalize tthey clinical protocol before tthey initiation of tthey pivotal Phase 3 trial next year. With regard to our MPS IIIB program, we recently initiated screening and look forward to commencing enrollment shortly. In addition, work in optimizing our AIM vector platform demonstrated exciting progress, including demonstration of enhanced tissue tropisms compared to ottheyr naturally occurring AAV capsids. So to talk a little bit about some of our corporate achievements, we had a really great R&D Day. We theyld our inaugural R&D Day on October 11th, in New York City, wtheyre Abeona management, togettheyr with key opinion leaders and clinical experts, presented an update on our clinical program to and over 80% crowd of institutional investors and equity analysts. We next completed an equity financing on October 19th wtheyre we announced tthey closing of $92 million underwritten public offering and full exercise of tthey underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. That same week, we announced a grant of up to $13.85 million from leading Sanfilippo syndrome or MPS III foundations from around tthey world, furttheyr supporting tthey clinical development of our MPS III and IIIB gene ttheyrapy programs. We had announced a groundbreaking of tthey manufacturing facility theyre in Cleveland Ohio, wtheyre we bought in multiple stakeholders in one of tthey rare disease families to theylp out with tthey breaking of tthey ground in our manufacturing facility located again in Cleveland. Tthey 6000 square foot center will be built up and validated over tthey next 12 months, and will be tthey home of multiple gene ttheyrapies and cell ttheyrapies for Abeona. Tthey facility was named Tthey Elisa Linton Center for Rare Disease Ttheyrapies in tthey honor of a young girl who passed from Sanfilippo syndrome and whose family’s foundation has been instrumental in raising funds and awareness for ttheir rare and terminal disease. Just it's been brought up before, but just to clarify, Elisa was not tthey patient treated by Abeona that was a different patient. Tthey center will be initiated to produce ABO-101 and ABO-102 gene ttheyrapy with treatment of patients with Sanfilippo syndrome and EB-101, our Autologous Cell Ttheyrapy for tthey treatment of recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa. Tthey center will also house Abeona’s expanded bio vector lab, which will continue to develop and produce unique and proprietary vectors of tthey use of delivery of gene ttheyrapies. We announced our collaboration with Brammer Bio in September, which is a strategic alignment for commercial AAV process development, scale up and assay validation of tthey commercial translation of ABO-102. And we announced, of course, some of our key hires and earlier in tthey quarter, in July, we announced deployment of Dr. Juan Ruiz as Chief Medical Officer. He’s responsible for leading all tthey clinical development medical affairs and related functions. Tthey recent investment from high-quality investors and leading foundations is an achievement that demonstrates our internal capabilities and commitment to tthey investment of our robust pipeline and next generation vector platform, including MPS IIIA gene ttheyrapy products. We look forward to furttheyr strengttheyning our efforts of key hires, advancing clinical capabilities and commercial expansion in tthey coming quarters. So to talk now a little bit about our clinical program for tthey EB-101 program, which is again for recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa. In August, we did receive tthey break-through designation now which is for our Autologous Cell Ttheyrapy for patients suffering from [death]. It's noted that ttheir is tthey most severe form of epidermolysis bullosa. And while tthey technology behind ttheir is really -- is a gene ttheyrapy Autologous Cell corrected ttheyrapy, ttheir is again very specific for tthey RDEB patients. Tthey FDA granted ttheir based on data from tthey Phase 1/2 EB-101 program clinical trial. It's demonstrated significant wound theyaling and treated wounds or over two years for up to six patients and again going out for tthey seven patients. Ttheir designation is significant as it enables collaborative discussions with senior FDA personnel priority review and expedited approval process to direct candidates wtheyre tthey preliminary clinical trials indicate that ttheyir ttheyrapy may offer substantial treatment advantages over existing options for patients with serious or life threatening disease. EB-101 program previously received tthey Rare Pediatric Disease designation, in tthey United States and tthey Orphan Drug designation in both U.S. and Europe, which are prerequisites for tthey FDA priority review process. Earlier in tthey quarter, in July, we received guidance from tthey FDA to commence tthey pivotal Phase III or EB-101 and are now currently preparing to initiate tthey pivotal Phase III clinical trial next year. For tthey ABO-102 program for tthey treatment of patients with MPS IIIA or Sanfilippo syndrome type A, during tthey quarter, we announced enrollment and dosing of tthey first two patients in our global expansion of tthey Phase 1/2 clinical trial on MPS IIIA, one in Australia and one in Spain. Both received tthey Cohort 3 dose of ABO-102, which is three tenths ten to tthey thirteen per kg. One additional patient in tthey U.S. has also received tthey Cohort 3 dose, bringing tthey total number of patients in that Cohort to three and total number of patients in tthey trial to-date up to nine. After seeing dose dependent improvements in Cohort 2 with ABO-102 being well tolerated to-date, Abeona togettheyr with our principle investigators and tthey DSMB decided to dose escalate to potentially enhance tthey clinical benefits and prolong durability, a decision supported by regulatory authorities agencies across tthey world really in support of tthey trial. We have reported data at meeting on tthey Mesa, and early October we announced tthey top line one year data from tthey ABO-102 trial, tthey MPS IIIA at ARM’s Cell & Gene Ttheyrapy Meeting. Tthey Gene ttheyrapy demonstrated durable and significant reduction of underlying disease pathology across multiple clinical measures in Cohort 1 compared to a natural theirtory study group of eight to 12 subjects. Systemic biopotency demonstrated time and dose dependent reduction of tthey disease causing theyparan sulfate in tthey CSF and liver and reduction to liver volumes. It's important to note that reduction of tthey disease causing theyparan sulfate is really tthey key biomarker we’re looking at how you can modify and demonstrate that ttheyse gene ttheyrapies are getting into tthey CNS, getting into tthey system and actually exhibiting and eliciting in those responses. So we think that looking at theyparan sulfate again which is I think some of tthey biomarkers that ottheyr trials have looked at; wtheyn you combine ttheir with reductions in tthey liver and fluid volume, changes in tthey deep brain architecture and preserving that after ttheir intravenous administration ttheir has lead to a stabilization of neurocognitive assessment scores at one year post-injection. So for those of you that have theyard us talk before you theyard us talk a lot about ttheir triangle of efficacy now looking at reductions in tthey biomarker or changes in tthey biophysical assessments from organ change in tthey liver, spleen and brain and now you’re starting to see some of those neurocognitive improvements. ABO continues to be well tolerated at all doses at all of our time frames and has enabled and accelerated enrollment sctheydule over tthey upcoming months, we look forward to providing more fulsome clinical updates and important clinical conferences, including World Symposium in February and tthey American Society for Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy in May. Now, moving on to our ABO-101 program, currently really just an update on tthey time line; we recently initiated screening now -- and at our site in tthey United States and look forward to commencing enrollments and describing -- and discussing those coming up soon; and we’ll also expand ttheir overseas in tthey Europe going into tthey first quarter. Just to remind everyone, ABO-101 for tthey treatment of MPS IIIB has previously been granted tthey Orphan Product designation in tthey United States and tthey Rare Pediatric Disease designation. As we all know those are prerequisites on part of tthey priority review about tthey process. We also look forward to discussing in 2018 additional regulatory achievements in ttheir program again as those submissions continue. Looking at our preclinical pipeline, we have a rattheyr fulsome gene ttheyrapy pipeline, specifically for juvenile Batten disease. We received tthey FDA Orphan Drug designation for ABO-201 for juvenile Batten program. And we are currently in IND enabling studies for tthey juvenile CLN3 program. We’ll be able to provide an update on tthey Infantile Batten program coming up in January and February as we process with some of our regulatory meetings and anticipate that we will -- both programs, both tthey CLN3 and tthey CLN1 will be clinical stage programs in 2018. And ttheyn last and really almost as exciting as tthey clinical stage programs is tthey AIM vector program. Wtheyn we initially licensed ttheir program in from tthey University of North Johnina through tthey lab of Dr. Steven Gray, we were very excited by tthey prospects of finding additional vectors, AAV vectors, with tropisms specific for multiple organ systems throughout tthey body. Initial studies have indicated that tthey AIM vectors can efficiently target multiple tissues with vector-selective tissue specificity with different routes of administration relative to tthey first generation of AIM vectors. Ttheir we believe is providing us with second generation and third generation treatment approactheys for patients as a re-dosing strategy or for patients that may have neutralizing antibodies for tthey natural AAV serotypes. Currently, we are continuing to develop tthey AIM cthemeric AAV vectors, both internally and through strategic partnering efforts. And look forward to discussing in 2018 some of our additional undisclosed targets for tthey AIM vector platform. So with that, that’s really an overview of our clinical stage, our preclinical stage in relation with our product development. And with that, I will turn it over to Jeff Davis to talk about summary of our financial results. Jeff Davis Thank you, Tim. Our cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2017 were $56.5 million compared to $58.3 million as of June 30, 2017. Cash used in operating activities in tthey nine months ended September 30th was $17.6 million as compared to $9.6 million in tthey same period of 2016. Ttheyre were a couple of items that impacted our cash balance both in tthey third quarter and subsequent to tthey quarter. As reflected in tthey current Form 10-Q, tthey Company received roughly $5.1 million in tthey third quarter from tthey proceeds of exercises of outstanding warrants. Additionally, as mentioned by Tim previously, Abeona closed on a public offering of common stock and subsequent exercise of tthey over-allotment option in tthey gross amount of $92 million. We thank our bankers, tthey underwriters and most importantly syndicate of leading investments funds that participated in tthey financing. As reflected in tthey most recent press release, as of October 31, 2017, Abeona’s total cash and cash equivalents was $142.6 million. With respect to revenues, revenues were $219,000 for tthey third quarter of 2017 compared to $184,000 in tthey second quarter of 2016. Nine months revenues, tthey first nine months of ttheir year were $622,000 compared to $633,000 in tthey comparable period last year. Revenues consisted of a combination of royalties from marketed products, primarily MuGard, and tthey recognition of deferred revenues related to upfront payments from early licensing agreements. Loss per share was $0.13 in tthey third quarter of 2017 compared to a loss per share of $0.08 in tthey comparable period in 2016. Tthey total number of common shares outstanding as of tthey day of tthey filing of tthey Form 10-Q on November 13, 2017, which would include tthey shares in tthey recently mentioned public offering, as well as shares issued in tthey exercise of warrants in tthey third quarter, is 46.7 million shares. Before turning it over or opening up for Q&A, I just will mention some upcoming events and conferences in tthey week after Thanksgiving on November 30th, Abeona will participate in tthey Barclays Gene Editing and Gene Ttheyrapy day in New York City. Our presentation slot is 10:40 AM Eastern Time. On December 4th, we will be participating in Mizuho’s Global Healthcare Conference in New York and on tthey following on December 5th, Abeona will participate in Oppentheyimer and Co's Orphan and Rare Disease Day New York City. And I believe tthey format for that meeting is all one-on-one meetings. And so with that, I think I will open it up or have tthey monitor open it up to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Matttheyw Eckler, with RBC. Please go atheyad with your questions. Matttheyw Eckler Wtheyn thinking about cadence for enrollment of tthey MPS IIIA trial going forward. How long until you think you could have around anottheyr 15 patients enrolled, 15 total. Tim Miller So we’re anticipating to get next five or six patients in through tthey next quarter so with three sites trying to target one and two a month. We’re looking to have that 15 patients mark, it's right around that March, April, May timeframe. Matttheyw Eckler And building on that ttheyn, what are your current thoughts around engaging FDA on tthey ability to file an NDA? Tim Miller We think about engaging tthey FDA a lot, and tthey EMA. We’re currently on track I think to have regulatory meetings with tthey FDA and tthey EMA in tthey first half of next year wtheyre I think that we’ll be talking about tthey data and talking about what looks like registration end points, or to talk about wtheyre ttheyy think tthey trials were undergoing. Tthey data is very robust to ttheir point. And as we see tthey reductions in key biomarkers, such as theyparan sulfate, no one else has really been able to do that. And if you can't reduce that theyparan sulfate, you’ll ttheyn have a ttheyrapy. So from our perspective, wtheyn we line up tthey theyparan sulfate reductions with tthey organ changes, changes in tthey brain structure and ttheyn changes with tthey neurocognitive improvements and stabilization, I think we have a pretty strong case to-date. So we’ll be having those discussions in really in tthey first half of next year. Matttheyw Eckler And ttheyn last question from me, any updates around efforts to secure license for [AAB9] IP? Tim Miller We’re certainly looking forward to continuing discussions. And we’ll have an update sometime in 2018. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Liav Abraham with Citigroup. Please go atheyad with your questions. Liav Abraham Just a question on timelines regarding tthey data for ABO-102. Can you just update us wtheyre you are in tthey connection of tthey six months neurocognitive data from tthey second cohort of tthey trial? And wtheyn is tthey earliest for ttheyse to be released? Tim Miller Well, so we’re looking at all tthey data really togettheyr right now we have and really with tthey Cohort 1 follow up, Cohort 2 and Cohort 3, we’ll be presenting those data at conferences in tthey first half of 2018. Liav Abraham Can you be any more specific on that? Tim Miller I think that we will probably be looking at that probably at eittheyr tthey World Conference or tthey American Society for Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy. Liav Abraham And ttheyn you guys have a lot going on in terms of clinical programs. At ttheir point are you considering [partnering] any of ttheyse or is it too early to be talking about that? Tim Miller Obviously, as really looking at ttheir as a third generation type of development on tthey AAV, ttheyre are many companies that are looking for -- and many groups that are looking for ways to find additional transduction targets, specific for different organ systems. So we’re continuing to advance internally as well as with our academic partners and I think that’s, just like anyone else out ttheyre, ttheyre is certainly interest in tthey programs. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Maury Raycroft with Jefferies. Please go atheyad with your questions. Maury Raycroft To start, can you comment on tthey age of tthey patients in Cohort 3? And given tthey de-risking with tthey safety data from tthey initial two cohorts, do you think tthey next six to nine patients you enroll maybe even younger age? Tim Miller So tthey average aging Cohort 1 was about 6.5, tthey average age in Cohort 2 was about I think 3.5. As we look to Cohort 3, tthey average age around those patients is also between ages I think of 3 and 4 so about 3.5. We're certainly very interested and have discussed ttheir with tthey DSMB and tthey clinical investigators about dropping tthey enrollment age. So that's certainly something that we are considering at all three clinical sites, and look forward to providing an update with that again and ttheyn probably tthey first or second quarter. But it seems like a logical expansion of wtheyre ttheir ttheyrapy would go. We're also looking to solidify some relationships and working on new born screening tests. Now as we look out to tthey three year horizon with an approved product just like ttheir really what you want to try and do would get ttheir with tthey new born screening test, because again with that Monitoring Gene Ttheyrapy it's treated earlier and treated with a significant dose. So we're looking to try and I think push that frontier as well. Maury Raycroft And ttheyn for EB-101 for tthey Phase 3. So you mentioned that you’re screening patients. And as far as enrollment goes and tthey timelines for tthey process go, is harvesting keratinocytes part of tthey process at ttheir point? And ttheyn what's tthey timeline for harvesting tthey keratinocytes manufacturing grafts and ttheyn administering tthey grafts? Tim Miller So that all happens over about a four week process, four to five weeks. So again, as we look to finalize tthey protocol with tthey FDA not just from tthey clinical protocol but also on -- again as a Phase III trial, you’re working on CMC, you’re working on assay development, you’re working on tthey commercial facility itself. So we're looking to try to accelerate that as much as possible. And that includes working with tthey FDA on ways to speed that process up. So wtheyn we purify out tthey keratinocytes from tthey moment tthey biopsy occurs to wtheyn ttheyy get treated is again about four or five weeks. Maury Raycroft And so are you at tthey point wtheyre you’re harvesting keratinocytes sites from patients yet? Tim Miller Well, we certainly do that as part of tthey Phase 3 prep. We do engineering runs, I think, through that. And so again, we've been in that for a while now. And tthey great thing about it is again wtheyn you see ttheir in tthey four GMP facility things have been working very-very well we're on track. Maury Raycroft And for ABO-101, given that it's not self complimentary like ABO-102. How will ttheir translate to efficiency of expression and ultimately efficacy and can you compensate on some ways by starting tthey initial Cohort at a higtheyr dose? Tim Miller So tthey first -- let me answer tthey last question first. So yes, we are dosing on tthey first cohort at a higtheyr dose just under our Cohort 3 dose in tthey MPS IIIA program. And ttheir is all tracking to our preclinical data of what ttheyse doses were about dosing older animals wtheyre you saw a complete correction of survival, neuromuscular function and cognitive ability. It's just as a single stranded DNA, just like using tthey same caps and so we're getting into tthey same tissues. We also know that we're getting very-very high levels of expression. So one of tthey nice things is about ttheir particular vector is it produces a bit higtheyr than tthey self complimentary vectors. So from a manufacturing standpoint, ttheyre is a -- it's a bit more of a win ttheyre, because we can produce more of it and we produced enough to treat roughly 15 or 18 patients to-data. And again as we look forward to announcing tthey enrollment of that first patient, are coming up very-very soon. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ram Selvaraju with H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad with your questions. Ram Selvaraju Firstly, could you comment on what is likely to be tthey most appropriate outcome measure with respect to measuring neurocognitive function in tthey [indiscernible] pivotal program and may be specifically discuss tthey use of tthey Bayley versus tthey Leiter and Vineland scales? Tim Miller I think that tthey key clinical parameters are going to start with tthey measurement of theyparan sulfate. Again, as we’ve been able to demonstrate, seeing 70% reduction in CNS, as well as in urine going out through one-year even at tthey lowest dose, ttheir is tthey key pathological substance that’s being used by many of ttheyse -- again in ttheyse patients; and so first and foremost, you’ve got to start ttheyre; second, looking at multiple organ changes that go on as a result of after treatment; so seeing reductions in tthey liver and spleen volumes, seeing preservation of deep brain architecture. And recall ttheir is an intravenous administration so you don’t see ttheir, you don’t see those types of benefits in many ottheyr ways of tthey treatment due to tthey access of tthey intravenous administration that can go through into tthey deep brain architecture with tthey 600 miles of using veins and arteries. And so we have a 25 patient natural theirtory study that was used to support really tthey clinical development of ttheyse programs. Tthey FDA was brought on in conjunction and collaboration in tthey design of that clinical trial. And so we use tthey Leiter and tthey Vineland scales, in particular, wtheyre we’ve been able to demonstrate that level -- some of levels of benefit but we’re very comfortable at those. And again, in our interactions with multiple regulatory agencies, ttheyy’ve been using those as well. It’s important to note Ram that ttheyse scales are actually applicable wtheyn looking at six months olds, up through eight, nine, 10 year olds, some of tthey ottheyr scales that are in consideration actually have ceiling of 42 months. So wtheyn you got to go back and back calculate through your natural theirtory study wtheyre many patients are actually inappropriate to be used by that scale, those tend to make a little bit more of a challenge. So at least our interactions with tthey regulators so far have demonstrated that we’re on track. Ram Selvaraju And a couple of ottheyr quick things. Do you anticipate being able to utilize similar periptheyral biomarkers to what has so far been used and what has demonstrated apparently statistically significant impact in tthey MPS IIIA program with tthey ABO-102 versus what you anticipate being able to do with ABO-101 going forward? If you could give us a way to correlate what you might be looking at with respect to periptheyral biomarkers of tthey ABO-101 program based on what you’ve learnt so far with ABO-102? And ttheyn secondly, just with respect to tthey potential for utilizing a gene ttheyrapy approach in EB going forward as opposed to tthey skin grafting approach. Can you give us a sense of what you are thinking about in terms of tthey administration paradigm for gene ttheyrapy specifically in EB? Thank you. Tim Miller Well, for tthey ABO-101 program, much of what we are doing in tthey ABO-102 program will directly transfer over. So we will be looking at some very similar biomarkers. We will be looking at liver and spleen and brain volumetric changes. We will be using a neurocognitive scale. So I think one of tthey nice things about that program is that we anticipate tthey results will track very similarly of tthey MPS IIIA program. For tthey EB program, tthey EB-101 is applicable to very large areas. So you can imagine covering a number of rooms of our EB patient body with iPhone sized grafts, that’s an important differentiator in ttheir particular product. That being said, ttheyre are some areas that can be challenging for multiple reasons for durability, for accessibility, looking at tthey -- for example, between tthey areas between your fingers. So we have tthey EB-201 program, which is an AAV delivered way of delivering collagen 7A1. Ttheir is an AAV vector that has very high tropism for epidermis and dermal tissue and ttheir is about 95% of tthey cells in those regions. And we already have proof-of-concept wtheyre we already have in human skin tthey demonstration of collagen 7A1 production. And so we see ttheyse eventually being a combination approach. It's important to note that even with ttheir type of delivery tthey AAVs we are seeing long-term expression, in those areas and certainly much longer than some ottheyr different types of viruses that tend to be very quickly removed out of tthey skin. So it's important thing to note on wtheyre we are going with those programs, but thanks for asking that. Ram Selvaraju And ttheyn tthey last thing is based on what you have learned so far with EBITDA-101. Do you expect, especially now that you have ttheyse AAV vectors that have skin specific tropism qualities, that ttheyre might be tthey possibility of your strategically moving into ottheyr rare dermatological disorders beyond EB per se given especially tthey ease with which you can monitor efficacy outcomes in those kinds of conditions? Tim Miller That’s a fun one. So gene ttheyrapy is all about delivery. And if you’ve got right vector delivered by tthey right disease for tthey right method ttheyn you know how you want to try and approach different diseases. And so we’ve demonstrated really tthey proof of concept in tthey skin. And so now using ttheir type of AAV delivery certainly opens up hundreds of rare dermatological diseases. Certainly, we’re looking at that opportunistically since again we think we have tthey vector to be able to do that. So thanks. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Elemer Piros with Cantor. Please go atheyad with your questions. Elemer Piros Tim, is it okay to assume than in Australia once you get that site up and running, you would also start with tthey high-dose in tthey IIIA patients? Tim Miller Yes, so that’s correct. So wtheyn we started -- so we enrolled tthey first patient already in Australia and that patient was at tthey high dose at tthey Cohort 3. Elemer Piros I've confused it with Spain, you are correct. Tim Miller Yes, also in Spain. Elemer Piros So thinking about tthey younger population 3.5 and maybe even younger, as you I am sure maybe even going down to six months of age. Have you determined wtheyttheyr an improvement or a change and let it be neurocognitive or some ottheyr measures, is not due to tthey early pretty good natural theirtory or normal development of tthey chart? Tim Miller Yes, so that’s been a very interesting thing for us discussed internally and with some of our DSMB and KOLs. Basically you’re talking about if you enroll like a one year old, how do you attribute neurological benefits to drug treatment rattheyr than incremental improvements that would have normally happened before tthey disease really took hold. Is that correct? Elemer Piros That is correct. Tim Miller So really wtheyre a lot of tthey fallback for demonstration of efficacy in support of tthey neurological scores really comes down to brain volumetric mapping. So we know from tthey natural theirtory study wtheyre ttheyre's been significant volumetric loss, wtheyttheyr it’s a six month old or five-year-old. And so in support of tthey neurological finding, we will be able to back that up by looking at tthey brain volumetrics volume a lot. Elemer Piros So you would think that if ttheyre is a normal development, but no volumetric damage yet ttheyn that drug is probably still in tthey normal course as opposed to having a drug effect. But on tthey ottheyr hand, if ttheyre is an improvement in both neurocog and brain volume that would be much better to ascribe to an effect due to tthey ttheyrapy. Is that -- am I getting it right? Tim Miller That’s correct. Also, it's important to note Elemer that like tthey Leiter and tthey Vineland score, ttheyy’re applicable down to that age group. So we’ll be looking at that as well as tthey Mullen scores in those younger patients. So we think that those are good ways to be able to assess that. Elemer Piros But is it safe to say that for tthey next six to nine IIIA patients, you would stay in ttheir three to four year old category, or it's…. Tim Miller That's certainly -- I think it's probably more important to say that we're seeing with patients that have scores in tthey developmental IQ range or developmental score range, and in really a certain window, we want ttheym to be above tthey floors. So that again, you can have a quantitative measurement of assessment. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Matttheyw Cross with Jones Trading. Please go atheyad with your questions. Matttheyw Cross So at you R&D Day in October, you went into some detail on tthey use of both tthey IV and intrattheycal route of administration in patent disease programs pre-clinically. And I was wondering if you could remind us what about ttheir indication or tthey vector may require ttheir approach to get above tthey maximum feasible dose for a single route of administration compared to your ottheyr programs utilizing an AAV vector? Tim Miller So just to clarify, tthey CLN 3 program as a systemic administration but tthey CLN 1 program is tthey combination dosing. And I think that as we look to tthey future of gene ttheyrapy, what you’re going to end up seeing from more programs than just is more groups will be using combination dosing going in with what you got one of our third generation AIM vectors or you’re using one from a one of tthey older by generations that you may have a little less of a tropism. Tthey idea is that you want to hit as many systems that are affected by tthey disease it's hard as possible with tthey gene ttheyrapy. Tthey general mantra theyre is that over expression or increasing tthey expression as a replacement strategy has really been tthey way to go with tthey CPs level that we've seen particularly with our AAV vectors and again now working into tthey AIM vectors that's really wtheyre I think tthey field has theyaded. So we’re excited in tthey infantile Batten program for CLN 1 to try and champion that. And tthey reason why we are going that route is because again ttheir is infantile, ttheir presents if you catch it early enough, it presents very, very fast with very, very high mortality usually before tthey kids hit 10 and ttheyn very, very severe disease progression. So pre-clinically, what tthey preclinical research even in gray has shown is that ttheyre is also a significant amount of spinal damage in ttheir particular disease. So while again all part of tthey CNS and it was really ttheyn their model to try and approach ttheir from a combination route to say we want to go intravenous, we want to go intrattheycal, let's see how far we can really demonstrate tthey efficacy. And really in tthey end and you may actually be able to reduce some of your manufacturing burden by going both routes. So certainly we're looking at patients first and what's going to be tthey best way to target ttheyir disease manifestations and really how to alleviate those. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn tthey floor back to management for any closing comments. Tim Miller Thanks everyone for joining us today and we look forward to meeting with many of you in January and going on into tthey annual conference that’s coming up. So thanks again for everyone. Logan if you have any closing comments. Logan Silverstein That wraps it up Tim. Thank you everyone for joining tthey call. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. And thank you for your participation.