Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q4 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call March 27, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Arthur Silverstein - Finance and IR Dr. Timothy J. Miller - President and CEO Jeffrey B. Davis - COO Analysts Liav Abraham - Citi Elemer Piros - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Greetings, and welcome to Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter Business Update Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Arthur Silverstein, Finance, Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Silverstein. You may begin. Arthur Silverstein Good morning and welcome. On tthey call today are Dr. Timothy J. Miller, President and CEO; and Jeffrey B. Davis, COO of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Dr. Miller will begin tthey call with an overview of tthey fourth quarter highlights and more recent developments at Abeona. After that, Jeff will provide commentary on tthey quarter, a brief overview of financials and provide a snapshot of our financial position. Following that, we will open tthey floor up to a few questions. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions and Federal Securities Laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my great pleasure to introduce Dr. Timothy J. Miller. Tim, you have tthey floor. Dr. Timothy J. Miller Good morning, everyone. I would like to start with some overview. Tthey fourth quarter was marked by several notable achievements in our clinical programs. Significant progress was made in tthey two lead clinical programs, EB-101 for Epidermolysis Bullosa and ABO-102 in MPS IIIA, and we initiated our third clinical program, ABO-101 in MPS IIIB along with additional enrollments at our global clinical sites for MPS IIIA. Data reported from ttheyse programs continue to underscore tthey durability and clinical benefits observed after administration of gene ttheyrapy. Tthey strong safety and biopotency data observed in tthey three active clinical trials and tthey strategic initiative of building an in-house commercial GMP manufacturing facility furttheyr strengttheyns our position in developing gene and cell ttheyrapies to treat ttheyse devastating and rare pediatric diseases. Most recently, tthey FDA granted our Epidermolysis Bullosa program EB-101 with tthey Regenerative Medicine Advanced Ttheyrapy or RMAT designation. Ttheir program continues to advance as we finalize tthey clinical protocol before initiating tthey pivotal Phase 3 trial ttheir year. Our MPS IIIA program now has four patients enrolled in Cohort 3 for tthey expanded Phase 1/2 clinical trial at a dose of 3E12 vg/kg while our MPS IIIB program reported initial safety and biopotency signals at 30 days post administration, demonstrating that tthey ttheyrapy is well tolerated and continuing to show very similar early biopotency signals as tthey MPS IIIA program, particularly with regards to significant reductions in tthey disease-specific theyparan sulfate reductions in cerebral spinal fluid, urine, and plasma and greater than 300-fold increase in NAGLU enzyme activity. In our preclinical work, we achieved additional regulatory -- designations for our Batten or infantile CLN1 program. And in addition, we continue to work on optimizing our AIM vector platform, which continues to demonstrate exciting progress including enhanced tissue tropisms compared to naturally occurring AAV capsids. And we have non-human primate studies that are going to be initiated in tthey second quarter with tthey lead CNS targeted candidates. For some corporate achievements in tthey quarter, we did host our Research and Development Day on October 11th as our inaugural day in New York City, wtheyre Abeona management togettheyr with key opinion leaders and clinical experts presented an update on our clinical program to an over 80% crowd of institutional investors and equity analysts. That same week, we announced a grant from over nine Sanfilippo foundations from around tthey world of $13.85 million to furttheyr tthey clinical development of our MPS IIIA and IIIB gene ttheyrapies to theylp furttheyr our efforts in trying to find additional ways to treat patients for ttheyse unmet diseases. We also announced tthey groundbreaking in our manufacturing facility. In early October, we broke ground on tthey manufacturing facility located at our Cleveland offices. Tthey finittheyyd 24,000 square foot facility will be built out and finittheyyd in tthey second quarter and validated over tthey following six months or so. Ttheir concept commercial facility was named Tthey Elisa Linton Center for Rare Diseases in honor of a young girl who passed from Sanfilippo syndrome and whose family’s foundation in Kansas has been instrumental in raising funds and awareness for ttheir rare and terminal disease. Tthey center will initially be used to produce ABO-101 and ABO-102 gene ttheyrapies for tthey treatment of Sanfilippo syndrome and EB-101, our autologous cell ttheyrapy for tthey treatment of recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa and it will also house Abeona’s expanded bio vector production facility, again for tthey concept to commercial vision that we have of being able to take things like our AIM vectors, be able to put in new constructs, make those vectors in-house, continue to produce clinical trial material on route to commercial for ttheyse unique and proprietary vectors that we use in delivery of novel gene ttheyrapies. In addition, tthey fourth quarter investment from high-quality investors and leading foundations is an achievement that demonstrates our internal capabilities and commitment to tthey advancement of our robust pipeline and next generation vector platform including MPS IIIA gene ttheyrapy products. We look forward to furttheyr strengttheyning our efforts with key hires, advancing clinical capabilities, and commercial expansion in tthey coming quarters. For some recent clinical progress for tthey EB-101 program, we did have some regulatory achievements. In January, we received tthey RMAT designation or EB-101, our autologous ex-vivo cell ttheyrapy for patients suffering from RDEB, which is tthey most severe form of tthey epidermolysis bullosa. Tthey FDA granted ttheir designation based on tthey data from tthey Phase 1/2 EB-101 clinical trial, which demonstrated significant wound theyaling and treated wounds for over two years. Tthey designation is significant as it enables collaborative discussions with tthey senior FDA personnel priority review and expedited approval process to drug candidates wtheyre preliminary clinical trials have indicated that tthey ttheyrapy has offered substantial treatment advantages of over existing options for patients with serious or life-threatening diseases. Just as a reminder, ttheyre are no treatments for ttheir particular disease, relying mainly on palliative care. Tthey EB-101 program previously received tthey Breakthrough Ttheyrapy Designation, Rare Pediatric Disease designation and Orphan Drug designation. Tthey latter was received by both tthey FDA and EMA. Ttheyse designations are prerequisites for tthey FDA Priority Review Vouctheyr or PRV process. We continue to work closely with tthey FDA through tthey Breakthrough and RMAT designations in preparation for tthey pivotal Phase 3 trial in our RDEB patients and we expect to provide guidance later ttheir year, especially as we initiate tthey trial in tthey upcoming months. For tthey ABO-101 program for recent clinical achievements, during tthey quarter we enrolled three patients in our global expansion of tthey Phase 1/2 clinical trial for MPS IIIA, one in Australia, one in Spain and one in tthey U.S. Both received tthey Cohort 3 dose of 3E13 vg/kg. One additional patient in tthey U.S. has also received tthey Cohort 3 dose for total global number of four patients in tthey Cohort 3. In early February, we announced tthey topline data from our ABO-102 MPS IIIA trial, a WORLDSymposium for lysosomal storage disease with tthey main take away is being that tthey trial results presented showed significant time and dose dependent reduction of tthey underlying disease pathology including reductions in CSF and urinary and theyparan sulfate fragments including total GAG and diminittheyyd liver volumes. Importantly, we also demonstrated evidence of targeted benefits at six months post treatment in Cohort 2 and at one year in Cohort 1. Alongside those results, tthey announcement of tthey FDA will allow Abeona to lower tthey enrollment age for tthey ABO-102 trials to include children as young as six months of age, allowing ttheir to be tthey only clinical trial in development in tthey world that’s going to be able to enroll patients in tthey MPS III diseases as young as ttheir young age. ABO-102 continues to be well-tolerated at all doses, all follow-up timeframes and has enabled and accelerated global enrollments to go over tthey upcoming months. We look forward to providing clinical and preclinical updates at important clinical conferences in tthey coming months. For tthey ABO-101 program, for tthey recent clinical achievements, in December, we announced that we’ve enrolled our first patient with ABO-101 Phase 1/2 clinical trial for MPS IIIB. In February, we reported on tthey initial safety and biopotency signals of that clinical based on tthey results that observed in tthey first treated patients at 30 days post injection. Ttheyse results demonstrated that tthey gene ttheyrapy, very similar to our MPS IIIA program is well-tolerated at a dose of 2E13 vg/kg with early biopotency signals and significant disease specific reductions in theyparan sulfate in tthey CSF, urine and plasma and has also demonstrated a 300-fold increase in NAGLU enzyme activity. ABO-101 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation in tthey United States and in Europe and also has tthey Rare Pediatric Disease Designation as part of tthey Priority Review Vouctheyr process. For recent preclinical progress, we have IND-enabling studies continue for both tthey ABO-201 and ABO-202 gene ttheyrapy programs for tthey treatment of CLN3, also known as Juvenile Batten Disease, and CLN1 disease, also known as Infantile and Late Onset Batten Disease respectively. Tthey ABO-202 program for tthey treatment of CLN1 disease has received two FDA designations. In March, we received tthey Rare Pediatric Disease Designation and in February, we received tthey Orphan Drug Designation, again demonstrating tthey importance of ttheyse programs and how tthey amount of preclinical data to-date has supported ttheyir translational targets into tthey clinic. For tthey AIM vector platform, initial studies have indicated that tthey AIM vectors can efficiently target multiple tissues with vector-selective tissue specificity, also with different routes of administration relative to tthey first generation vectors wtheyttheyr eittheyr intrattheycal or intravenous or intramuscular. Ttheir provides second generation treatment approactheys for patients with ttheyir redosing strategy or for patients that have neutralizing antibodies to natural AAV serotypes. We continue to develop tthey AIM cthemeric AAV vectors, both internally and through strategic partnering efforts. And again as we entered in tthey primate studies with our lead candidates for a number of different targets particularly tthey CNS, we look forward to reporting out those results in tthey second half. And with that, I will turn it over to Jeff Davis for our fourth quarter summary financial results.  Jeffrey B. Davis Thanks, Tim. I remind tthey listeners that we have recently filed tthey Form 10-K wtheyre you can get all tthey specific details on our financial results. But in summary, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2017 were $137.8 million compared to $56.5 million as of tthey end of tthey third quarter of last year, September 30, 2017. Net cash used in operations for tthey 12 months ending December 31, 2017 was $22.9 million compared to $13 million in tthey same period of 2016, an increase of $9.9 million. Ttheyre were a number of things that impacted our cash balance in tthey fourth quarter and obviously through tthey aggregated annual results, both included an equity financing that was completed on October 19th wtheyre we announced tthey closing of $92 million underwritten public offering and tthey full exercise of tthey underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. Again, that closed on October 19th. It was 5.75 million common shares at a public offering price of $16 per share. Tthey gross proceeds to tthey Company were $92 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid by tthey Company. We want to thank our bankers and our underwriters, and most importantly, syndicate of leading investment funds for participating in that financing. As Tim mentioned earlier, we also announced in October, a $13.85 million grant from a global network of nine Sanfilippo syndrome foundations for additional clinical development of our MPS IIIA and B gene ttheyrapies. From a revenue perspective, our revenues were $215,000 for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 compared with $256,000 for tthey similar quarter tthey year previously. 12 months ending December 31, 2017, tthey revenues were $837,000 compared to $889,000 in tthey same period in 2016. Revenues consisted of tthey combination of royalties from marketed products, primarily MuGard, and tthey recognition of deferred revenues related to upfront payments from early license agreements. Loss per share was $0.19 per share for tthey fourth quarter of 2017 compared to $0.18 in tthey comparable period in 2016. Loss per share was $0.66 per share for tthey 12 months ended December 31, 2017 compared with $0.64 loss per share in tthey same period of 2016. Total number of common shares outstanding as of tthey day that we filed tthey 10-Q, on March 15th, which would include tthey shares from tthey recently mentioned public offering as well as shares issued last year in tthey exercise of warrants is 47,226,000 shares. That’s tthey summary financials. With respect to upcoming investor relations and scientific events conferences, I would highlight on April 9th Abeona will be participating in a Biotech Innovations Conference put on by Bloomberg; during April 10th to tthey 14th, ttheyre is tthey American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics; May 16th through 19th is ASGCT, tthey American Society of Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy Albertual Meeting ttheir year in Chicago, as I believe it; and also during tthey same period, May 15th to tthey May 19th, tthey International Investigative Dermatology Meeting, wtheyre we expect presentations from our Company’s clinicians and KOLs, and we will update people on those planned presentations as we get closer to tthey scientific conferences. So, I believe that wraps up tthey prepared sort of comments. I think, we will turn it back to tthey moderator to take some Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Liav Abraham from Citi. Please proceed with your question. Liav Abraham Good morning. Just a couple of from our end. Firstly, Tim, can you update us on wtheyre you stand with respect to EB-101 as it relates to a dialogue with tthey FDA? Wtheyn do you anticipate being able to communicate a final trial design? And I’m assuming ttheir trial design will be very similar to your first trial. If you can make any comments on that, that would be theylpful. Dr. Timothy J. Miller Sure. Hi, Liav. So, as part of tthey Breakthrough and RMAT designations, we get six sctheyduled meetings with tthey FDA. Ttheyse usually get broken up between clinical, CMC, talking about tthey TPT. [Ph] So, we’ve had tthey first couple of ttheyse in -- and you continue to go back and forth. We’re very close to tthey finalizing tthey trial and design. We anticipate that tthey trial will start in tthey next couple of months. We’ll certainly provide guidance towards that. But again, as I think we’ve guided previously, tthey design is very similar to tthey Phase 1/2 with similar endpoints and similar number of patients. So, I think that we’ll be well-positioned for accelerating tthey enrollment from that as well. Liav Abraham And ttheyn, secondly, on your ABO-102 program, any comments on -- I guess, you probably do have a desire for Breakthrough RMAT designation. Any comments around timing ttheyre and wtheyttheyr you filed for that would be theylpful. Dr. Timothy J. Miller Yes. Certainly with tthey number of treated patients that we have to-date and guided towards certainly would be -- and especially with tthey amount of data that we’ve shown, Breakthrough or RMAT certainly designations that we’ll be looking at and look forward to guiding you in tthey future that results wtheyn we might have those submissions and some of those designations. Liav Abraham And ttheyn, lastly on that same program, can you provide an update on number of patients enrolled in your ABO-102 program thus far? And particularly, given FDA allowing you to reduce tthey age of patients to be enrolled, wtheyttheyr you’ve identified tthey younger patients, what tthey willingness is of parents to enroll of ttheyir young patients, six months in that age range in that trial? Thank you. Dr. Timothy J. Miller Sure. We have -- in addition to tthey FDA, we have received regulatory approvals to treat down to six months of age in both Europe and in Australia now, and certainly have been working with tthey clinicians and really tthey global community finding and enrolling patients in that age bracket from six months up to two years. So, we look forward to presenting more of tthey enrollments. And we haven’t guided to tthey amount of patients that we are looking enroll at ttheir point. But, we do go through pre-screening for many of ttheyse patients and look forward to updating again at some point in tthey near future. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Maury Raycroft with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Besma [ph] on for Maury. I have a couple as well. So, we’ve theyard something about status update for MPS IIIA patients. How about tthey MPS IIIB enrollment? Can you provide an update on that? Dr. Timothy J. Miller On tthey MPS IIIB, we’ve announced that we have treated one patient to-date. I think we have guided previously that as we enroll additional patients, we will be reporting more data out, primarily at tthey cohort level and especially as we move through some of tthey pre-specified endpoints wtheyttheyr it’s 30 days or six months. So, we look forward to providing again more guidance on that in tthey second half on tthey enrollments in MPS IIIB. Unidentified Analyst Sounds good. Thank you. Back to MPS IIIA, can you provide any status update on tthey patient queue [ph] from Cohort 2? And would you expect that tthey patients’ results would improve in tthey 12-month analysis? Dr. Timothy J. Miller We don’t have any update at ttheir time. I believe that a patient’s due for an upcoming follow-up visit in tthey next few months and we will guide based on what clinicians provide us with data at that time. Unidentified Analyst Sounds good. And I have a one final question on your preclinical program, just a clarification. Are you planning on using any of tthey new AIM vectors for CLN1 and 3 or will you be going away AAV9, as you presented in tthey preclinical data? Thank you. Dr. Timothy J. Miller That’s a great question. So, tthey AIM vectors and certainly as we’re moving into non-human primates now, we have identified a number of lead candidates, both for intravenous administration for CNS-based diseases as well as intrattheycal or ottheyr direct injections. We’ve identified some targets for intramuscular. So, certainly, we are looking at how we layer tthey AIM vectors into our existing pipeline as well as building out for some of our undisclosed target diseases. Unidentified Analyst Any specific on CLN1 and 3, since you’re in IND studies, I would assume that you have vector picked out but if you can provide any clarity on that? And that’s it from me. Thanks. Dr. Timothy J. Miller We look forward to providing some more guidance on that as preclinical studies move to completions. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Kennen MacKay with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Good morning. Ttheir is Nick [ph] on for Kennen. Thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on all tthey progress. A question -- two questions on tthey MPS IIIA program. I was wondering if you could provide any color regarding how many additional patients worth of data we might see at ASGCT, particularly in Cohort 3. And I guess more broadly, what biomarker and neurocog updates we might -- we could expect at tthey conference? And ttheyn I have a follow-up question as well. Thank you. Dr. Timothy J. Miller Sure. I am not sure that we will comment much on tthey number of patients that we will present additional data on at ASGCT. I think part of that is always a function of amount of drug and weight of patients. So, we’re looking for, as you enroll younger patients, ttheyy weigh less, so you can also enroll more of ttheym. So, we are certainly forward to discussing additional enrollments in tthey MPS IIIA program. And with -- specific regard to biomarkers, we previously reported out on plasma, theyparan sulfate for example, some enzyme activity. We are looking at ottheyr markers of reduction of neuronal loss such as GM2 and GM3. We talked about that at our recent R&D Day as something that has been tracking very explicitly with reductions in CSF theyparan sulfate. So, we believe that those are also part of tthey totality of tthey data package, demonstrating efficacy after a single intravenous administration of tthey AAV gene ttheyrapy.  Unidentified Analyst Great. And regarding a potential registrational trial for ttheir program, have you had any discussions with tthey FDA or is ttheir sctheyduled, or is ttheyre something in tthey current Phase 1 dataset that ttheyy’re looking towards, prior to initiating that process? Dr. Timothy J. Miller I think, we’ll provide guidance in tthey second half about how we’re looking and working with both tthey EMA and tthey FDA on our regulatory strategy for registration. Operator Our next question comes from tthey Elemer Piros with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question.  Elemer Piros So, tthey question is coming back to tthey enrollment, Tim. So, in tthey first quarter, have you enrolled any IIIA or IIIB patients? Dr. Timothy J. Miller Yes. It seems to be a very active topic of discussion, Elemer. We’ll provide some guidance on our additional enrollment at some of tthey upcoming investor and clinical conferences.  Elemer Piros Okay, okay. And also with tthey EB-101 program, do you anticipate that you’ll start tthey Phase 3 trial in coming months? So, wtheyre would tthey product be produced, at tthey Stanford facility or in Cleveland or maybe at different source? Dr. Timothy J. Miller So, actually it’s going to be produced at tthey Stanford facility, which produced tthey material for tthey Phase 1/2 trial. Stanford has really been a great partner and both tthey clinical and tthey CMC process. As we continue to build out tthey Cleveland facility and go through validation, we’ll certainly be looking to do a lot of patient comparability study going forward. And we’ll provide some more information on that as tthey facility moves to validation. Elemer Piros Okay, okay. And has ttheir thought crossed your mind that now with tthey RMAT designation in place that you would discuss with tthey FDA on filing on tthey existing database for EB-101? Dr. Timothy J. Miller Yes. It’s a very interesting question, Elemer. We, with both tthey RMAT and tthey Breakthrough status -- that’s certainly been an active part of our discussions with tthey FDA. Ttheyy have been very, very supportive of tthey program and trying to find additional ways to work with us for tthey success of tthey program for registration filing, again, as we move that program into really tthey Phase 3, certainly looking at ways to accelerate any path towards registration. Elemer Piros Okay. And my last question is on tthey cognitive and behavioral instruments that you plan to use for IIIB patients, if you could talk about those, because in tthey Leiter and Vineland scores, ttheyre appears to be a gap between tthey ages of two and six from tthey theirtorical data. Dr. Timothy J. Miller We’ll be using tthey same neurocognitive and developmental neurocognitive instruments, Elemer. Tthey Vineland and Mullen in particular are valid from birth through 98 years of age. And with I think tthey wealth of tthey natural theirtory study data, tthey compare out ttheyre certainly looking forward to seeing very -- I would expect very similar results compared to MPS IIIA program. I think, it’s important to know too we’re looking at volumetric changes by MRI in tthey IIIB program as well as tthey IIIA program. We reported out on that late last year, showing improvements in different areas of tthey deep brain architecture, which again supports tthey clinical hypottheysis of treating earlier and treating younger with again ttheyse fair doses of AAV gene ttheyrapy. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ram Selvaraju with H.C. Wainwright. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Ttheir is Pauln [ph] on for Ram. Regarding EB-101, now that you have received RMAT in addition to Orphan and Pediatric Rare Disease designations for tthey drug, do you have any updates at ttheir time regarding how long you would expect FDA to turn around an NDA for tthey drug if you were to submit one? Dr. Timothy J. Miller Well, I mean, ttheyse pathways enable instead of a 10-months turnaround and a 6-months turnaround, so certainly looking forward to utilizing an excavated review path. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in queue. I would like to hand tthey call back to management for closing comments. Dr. Timothy J. Miller Thank you, everyone. I can tell that ttheyre’s a lot of excitement around our MPS IIIA and EB-101 programs. And as we get additional patients enrolled and some more regulatory guidance, we look forward to updating everyone at additional conferences in tthey second half. Until ttheyn, best wittheyys and talk to you all soon. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day. 