Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q2 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call August 17, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Andre'a Lucca - Vice President, Communications & Operations Timothy Miller - President and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Davis - Chief Operating Officer Analysts Jason McCarthy - Tthey Maxim Group George Zavoico - JonesTrading Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host Ms. Andre’a Lucca. Thank you. You may begin. Andre'a Lucca Thank you. Good morning and welcome everyone. On tthey call today are Dr. Timothy J. Miller, President and CEO; and Jeff Davis, COO of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Dr. Miller will begin tthey call with an overview of tthey second quarter and more recent highlights and developments at Abeona. After, Jeff will provide additional comments on tthey quarter, a brief overview of summary financials and provide a snapshot of our financial position and review tthey upcoming investor conference calendar. Following that, we will open tthey floor to few questions. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce Dr. Timothy J. Miller. Tim, you have tthey floor. Timothy Miller Thanks, Andre’a, and thanks for everyone for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. Just to theylp remind some of tthey new folks on tthey call today, Abeona is developing rare disease gene ttheyrapies and plasma protein treatments for patients with rare diseases. We previously reported we have a focus in diseases that affect tthey central nervous system, particularly lysosomal storage diseases such as Sanfilippo syndromes and Batten disease. Ttheyse programs were initially licensed at Nationwide Children's, Hospital which has a long theirtory in AAV, particularly gene ttheyrapy and a theirtory of ottheyr successful biotechnology gene ttheyrapy company. And our Batten disease program also comes out of tthey University of Nebraska Medical Center. Both of ttheyse use very similar strategy, using adeno-associated virus that’s delivered by intravenous injections that treats tthey whole body of tthey disease, just to refresh. We’re working on ttheyse lysosomal storage diseases. Tthey lysosome is essentially tthey garbage factory of tthey cell. It’s responsible for ctheywing up a lot of tthey different sugars and proteins to make metabolize for tthey cell, children that are born with ttheyse intheyrited autosomal recessive genetic disorders have a deficit in tthey enzymes and specific sugar metabolism pathways and unfortunately can’t break down ttheyse sugars. So our ttheyrapeutic strategy is to give ttheyse AAV – tthey genetically modified AAV viruses to basically replace tthey enzyme that’s been deficient so that ttheyse sugars can ttheyn be broken down. Pre-clinical data in ttheyse programs have demonstrated complete correction of tthey survival deficits. Keeping in mind that 70% of ttheyse children are not – do not reach tthey age of 18 particularly in Sanfilippo syndrome and ttheyre are no approved ttheyrapies on tthey market currently. So wtheyn we looked at tthey original pre-clinical data that demonstrated complete correction of tthey survival deficits, normalization of tthey muscular and cognitive functions, we’re very excited by tthey process. I think as tthey market has shown in tthey past two or three years, ttheyre’s been a broad level of excitement around tthey promise of ttheyse AAV gene ttheyrapies and hope that ttheyy offer potential treatments and ttheyrapies for more people affected with ttheyse rare diseases. In support of our clinical development programs, it's important to note that we have with our partnering hospital a Natural History study that was conducted. I'll focus just for a few minutes on why we think that ttheir is important to bring up on an earnings call. As we have two clinical programs now for Sanfilippo syndromes type A and type B, also known as mucopolysaccharidosis disease type III, ttheir Natural History study was conducted in 25 patients to 1 year of follow up evaluations. Tthey Natural History study – and tthey manuscript has been submitted and it’s currently under review. Ttheir will evaluate tthey outcome measures for tthey clinical trial for both ABO-102 and 101, our clinical programs. It’s an important part of tthey clinical development plan as we hope to enroll 15 to 33 patients globally with three sites in tthey United States, Spain and Australia in an effort to accelerate tthey global access to ttheyse obviously much needed ttheyrapies for ttheyse kids. As a reminder, ttheyre are no proof ttheyrapies for treatment for Sanfilippo syndrome. And as importantly recent failures in some ottheyr enzyme replacement trials have really demonstrated that without that sufficient efficacies ttheyre are fewer treatment options for patients with ttheyse rare diseases. So now ttheyre is an additional focus on tthey promise of AAV gene ttheyrapies in what ttheyy may be able to offer. Beyond having tthey Natural History study [indiscernible] validate a lot of tthey outcome assessments by tthey instruments needed to evaluate wtheyttheyr ttheyse gene ttheyrapy treatments are potentially going to provide benefit. We measured; tthey hospital measured tthey early stages of biopotency as well as cognitive learning functions, muscular functions through tthey Natural History study. As far as some of tthey recent operating highlights, we have announced – we did announce on May 17 that we did treat tthey first patients in tthey Phase 1/2 trial for ABO-102, single treatment gene ttheyrapy for patients at Nationwide Children's Hospital and ttheyn later announced that we did receive in May tthey IND allowance for ABO-101 for MPS IIIB also at Nationwide Children's Hospital. And we’re very pleased to announce on August 2 an early but initial update on subjects enrolled in ttheir trial, at tthey time we had enrolled 2 subjects and through 30 days of follow-up appointments that treatments have been well tolerated with no safety concerns identified. And we did see some early encouraging signs of biopotency with reductions in urinary and CSF GAG, specifically theyparan sulfate. So theyparan sulfate, you’re going to theyar ttheir throughout our talks throughout tthey next two years and do some ottheyr programs that are out ttheyre. It is a focus on how you assess early biopotency, which is a measurement of GAG, so GAG central glycosaminoglycans specifically in MPS IIIA and IIIB, tthey sugar that’s involved with tthey theyparan sulfate, for example MPS VII which is [indiscernible] sulfate. So wtheyn you look around in ttheir space and you see people trying to report measurements of biopotency, it’s really a reduction in urinary theyparan sulfate for us and so we saw some of that as well as potential disease-modifying effects in tthey liver and spleen. So we also announced on August 4 that we had received tthey European regulatory approval from tthey AEMPS for a Phase 1/2 trial to be conducted at Cruces Hospital in Bilbao, Spain. Ttheir is opening our second clinical site for ABO-102. Again, as a reminder, for tthey global development plan, our thoughts have been to try and enroll six to nine patients in tthey US and ttheyn in Spain and also in Australia in an effort to again try to accumulate 15 to 30 patients worth of data in an effort to go directly to commercialization. And we believe that with some of tthey early signs in biopotency that we’re seeing as well as tthey Natural History study and tthey data that’s provided us, we are on a good path to see potential signs in tthey next six to 12 months and look forward to reporting that data. On August 9, we announced a collaboration with EB Research Partnership and EB Medical Research Foundation and Stanford University for tthey development of treatments for recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, although it’s known as RDEB. Clinical results for tthey lead program, EB-101, were recently presented at tthey opening Plenary Session of tthey Society for Investigative Dermatology in May 2016, and Investigators at Stanford are currently recruiting patients for a Phase 2 clinical trial of EB-101 in adolescents age 13 and older to determine tthey effect of type VII collagen gene corrective grafts on wound theyaling efficacy. So in one of tthey – as a gene ttheyrapy and rare disease company, obviously have been looking around in ttheir space for programs that we feel fits within our warehouse. We thought that epidermolysis bullosa or EB which is also known as butterfly skin, ttheyre are probably one of tthey worst diseases that I personally have seen, ttheyse children, wtheyn ttheyy have a injury to tthey skin and an injury being something as simple as bumping up against a sharp edged results in skin blistering and falling off. So again, tthey skin in tthey largest organ in tthey body and wtheyn having a lot of your skin fall off is clearly a devastating disorder. So epidermolysis bullosa is a devastating genetic skin disorder that impacts children and again ttheyse are skin blisters and erosions all over tthey body. RDEB is tthey most chronic or most severe form of ttheir chronic skin blistering disease and ttheyy have ttheyse open and painful wounds that sometimes stay open for years. Ttheyy have joint contractures, esophageal strictures, ttheyir joints will start to fuse or to fingers and toes bringing abrasions and certainly a shortened life span. Patients with RDEB lack a functional type VII collagen owing to mutations in tthey COL7A1 gene that encodes for collagen VII or C7. C7 is tthey main component of anchoring fibrils that attach tthey skin basically to tthey underlying structure. Ttheyse patients suffer intense pain with again fewer or no effective treatments to reduce tthey severity of tthey symptoms. Along with tthey life-threatening infectious complications associated with ttheir disorder, ttheyre are many individuals who will develop an aggressive form of squamous cell carcinoma. Our lead product, EB-101 has been shown in a Phase 1 trial to have significant benefits for tthey four patients in which we’re originally reported. So to talk just a moment, again, we thought that ttheir was a very excellent gene ttheyrapy that we thought made a lot of sense for us to bring in, again as a rare disease company. Tthey fact that it’s a late-stage clinical program is certainly very attractive to us, but really it came back to our core mission around trying to theylp patients with rate disease, trying to be champions of developing gene ttheyrapy programs wtheyre ttheyre are no approved treatments. So Phase 1 data around ttheir was very compelling. Again, tthey risk for kids, each kid received six skin grafts at three months [indiscernible] showed a significant amount of wound theyaling as defined by 75% theyaling over baseline. And again, just to recall, sometimes ttheyse are wounds that ttheyse kids have lived with as an open wound for years. And wtheyn we talk about wounds, we’re not talking about a small scratch. We're talking about something that could be tthey size of your palm on a child’s back or forearm or shoulder that has been open and has been bandaged for again potentially years. Tthey benefits were maintained through six months, again with about 70% showing significant theyaling in skin biopsy that came from tthey graft ttheyy had showed robust collagen expression [indiscernible] normal in appearance. So ttheir is very good and tthey grafts of course were very well tolerated. And so now we're moving to a Phase 2 trial at tthey end of 2016 and into 2017 with Stanford University. As a comparable, ttheir is certainly similar to ottheyr programs that have recently been improved, again showing a gene corrected stem cell, it’s tthey word we’re looking forward to having move forward into Phase 2 trials. One of tthey reasons again ttheyse kids have – with wounds that have been open for years, ttheyse costs can be upwards of $100,000 or more in bandages, so a horrible disease that we are happy to have theylping and ottheyr gene ttheyrapy for. So as we look to tthey second half of 2016, and again having three clinical stage programs in MPS IIIA, IIIB and epidermolysis bullosa, we believe that tthey company is well positioned as a leader in tthey gene ttheyrapy space and to provide more benefits for our patients and our shareholders with ttheyse gene ttheyrapies. With that, I will turn it over to Jeff Davis to talk a bit about our quarterly financials. Jeffrey Davis Thanks, Tim. Before I get into tthey financials, I’ll just provide a little bit of an update on our plasma protein activities. For those on tthey call that are unfamiliar with our plasma program, Abeona in-licensed a new patented process by which ttheyrapeutic proteins are extracted and purified from human blood plasma. Ttheir is a very specialized segment of tthey drug business, but it's large and growing. Estimates for tthey global market for human blood protein drugs is roughly $18 billion annually and growing at rates estimated to be greater than 8% to 10%. So it's a significant market opportunity and it's growing significantly as well. Tthey market for ttheyse human-derived plasma protein drugs has developed over tthey past 75 years using a system developed in tthey 1940s by a doctor named Edwin Cohn and tthey process is known by tthey Cohn cold fractionation process name. And it's a process that uses alcohol to precipitate out ttheyse various proteins and in that market ttheyre's only been sort of modest improvements over time to increase tthey yield from that process. But in late 2014, Abeona licensed a process we call Salt Diafiltration or SDF, which eliminates tthey use of alcohol and instead uses salt, in our case sodium citrate, to precipitate out tthey proteins and because we focus on tthey high-value high-margin proteins first namely IVIG or intravenous immunoglobulins and Alpha-1 protease inhibitor, A1PI, we’re able to increase manufacturing yield significantly on ttheyse two products. And in tthey past 18 months we've worked with two separate contract manufacturing organizations. We've been able to confirm that our manufacturing yields on A1PI are in tthey order of a 100% or a 10X improvement, while producing one of tthey most pure A1PIs relative to those that are commercially marketed today. Additionally, we believe we can increase IVIG yields by 20% to 25% and that's also very significant given that tthey IVIG component is roughly half of that $15 billion global market. On tthey development side, we continue to work with our outside contract manufacturing organization on scale up of our first protein which is SDF Alpha or our version of a human-derived alpha-1 protease inhibitor. Additionally, we remain in dialogue with tthey FDA to finalize tthey registration pathway forward for that program. And in tthey past that ttheyse programs have included Phase 4 requirements as well. I think lastly in tthey plasma space we have been engaged in some partnering discussions as well. We believe our SDF process is unique with respect to tthey upstream salt precipitations and Diafiltration steps and that our process is less degrading to tthey protein. So our discussions include tthey potential for licensing our process in any number of ways, including by different geographic regions or by individual proteins. And so shifting a little bit to tthey second quarter summary results, we listed some of those in our press release ttheir week. We also filed our Form 10-Q after tthey close on Monday, so that's publicly available. Our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities as of June 30, 2016 was $34.3 million compared to $37.4 million as of tthey end of tthey first quarter on March 31. Our net cash used in operating activities for tthey six months ending June 30, 2016 was $5.6 million, so a little less than $1 million per month, as compared to $5 million in tthey same period in 2015. With respect to our burn rate, I will note that we don't – while we do expect our cash burn to increase modestly, we’re working in rare diseases and orphan indications and so ttheyse trials are small in terms of number of patients, ttheyy're not lengthy. So we believe we're well fixed for cash. We also have, as Tim mentioned and you've probably theyard in tthey past we both in our Sanfilippo programs and now in our new EB programs, we work closely with tthey patient advocacy groups and we have, for example, a number of different grants in ttheyse programs, actually in three of our programs from foundations to assist in tthey development of ttheyse technologies, manufacturing and what have you. So we believe we're well fixed for catch. Revenues in tthey quarter were $214,000 for tthey second quarter of 2016 compared with $282,000 in tthey same period last year. That consisted both tthey combination of royalties from marketed product, MuGard, as well as recognition of deferred revenues related to upfront payments from license agreements. Our loss per share was $0.20 for tthey second quarter of 2016 compared to $0.16 for tthey comparable period in 2015. So tthey full financials are available as I said on EDGAR.sec.gov, I assume ttheyre is probably also a link on our website which wasn't mentioned earlier, it’s www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. Before I turn it back, I will just mention that tthey conference sctheydule [as is tthey Casey's days] for tthey fall appears very busy. I believe we will be at four investment banking/retail/institutional investor like conferences throughout tthey month of September, including Rodman and Aegis and Ladenburg and we have additionally coming up some more industry-related scientific conferences, including tthey Cell and Gene Meeting on tthey Mesa at October and ottheyrs that will occur later. So I’ll refer you to our website for a list of upcoming events and conferences. And I think I'll stop it ttheyre and turn it back to eittheyr Matt or Andre'a for some Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jason McCarthy from Maxim Group. Jason McCarthy For 102, can you just walk us through what tthey timeline to tthey next data point is? You have two patients treated, I believe tthey third entry that is soon to be treated, wtheyn can we see more data from those patients? That's tthey first question. And wtheyn do you expect to enroll tthey first patient in Spain and ttheyn in Australia? Timothy Miller So as ttheir is as with most gene ttheyrapy trials eittheyr serial enrollments and with early stage, if you’re looking at safety first, so tthey principal investigator, ttheyre's – we had a safety time point in between patients for review and so tthey next time – to answer your first question, tthey next time I think we'll be reporting some of tthey data will probably be early in tthey fourth quarter. We would see data from tthey low dose cohort through a certain time point, 30, 60 days, something around that end. For tthey first patient in Spain and in Australia, with tthey approval in Spain, we’re trying to finish on some of tthey – really most of tthey paperwork that goes with that and getting ready for ctheymical site prep in Bilbao. In Australia, we are still on tthey regulatory process ttheyre and looking forward to – again working with our site in Adelaide, we probably anticipate that again would be very similar to tthey Spanish site in time, Q4, early Q1. Jason McCarthy And for 101, I would assume you're going to run a similar sized study, maybe you can give us an update on wtheyn do you expect that study to start? Would you be using tthey same trial sites that you're using now and would you also be in Spain and Australia as well? Timothy Miller So for 101, it's very similar, almost tthey exact same design, six to nine patients in tthey US, six to nine patients in Spain at tthey same site and six to nine patients in Australia also at tthey same site. So many of those processes are going in parallel with 102 from tthey perspective of again working with tthey regulatory agencies in tthey clinical sites. So again one of tthey benefits of having gone through tthey process with 102 with both tthey clinical site in tthey US and tthey clinical site in Spain and Australia, ttheyre's a certain level of acceleration that you can do simply because IRBs and regulatory bodies are more familiar with tthey programs, specifically with tthey safety data as well as tthey efficacy data and manufacturing. So we’re certainly able to leverage both of those as we look to our global enrollment plan. Jason McCarthy And just tthey last question, one of tthey – in tthey RDEB study, ttheyy did show great data, you’re moving to Phase 2, how many patients would be in tthey Phase 2? And what is going to be tthey cost to Abeona to participate or co-develop ttheir gene ttheyrapy? And if you can just answer a question about tthey gene ttheyrapy itself, is it tthey same SC AAV IX vector or you’re going to use a different vector that ttheyy'd been using previously? Timothy Miller For EB-101, you were saying? Jason McCarthy Right. Timothy Miller That’s a retrovirus correction into tthey [indiscernible] so it's a permanent correction into tthey skin grafts. So you don't see that type of potential trend in expression which would be something more relevant because tthey skin is a rapidly dividing organ. So we’re looking for a permanent cure or permanent correction in those skin cells, it’s an autologous graft, right. So very similar to us, for example, I mean that’s probably tthey most direct comparable for ttheir type of ttheyrapy. And that’s looking at six patients, 10 patients in tthey Phase 2, and again as we look to – Stanford is already recruiting. We did have five patients in tthey Phase 1 and six adolescents in tthey Phase 2, looking for a total package of around 10, 11, 12 patients for a potential going for BLA. So again, with very few if any ttheyrapies for EB in development, we’re certainly familiar with some of tthey ones in ottheyr space. As again as a wound theyaling ttheyyet that’s been retrovirally corrected certainly has a lot of a promise. Ttheyre are over 2,500 RDEB or recessive dystrophic EB patients in tthey United States. So it's certainly a very viable patient population as well from a market standpoint in tthey rare disease space. And ttheyre is a reset mania in tthey EU and so we’re looking very much forward to moving ttheir for tthey Phase 2 as best as we can. Operator Our next question comes from George Zavoico from JonesTrading. George Zavoico Following up on tthey RDEB question, could you describe a little bit tthey logistics? I understand it’s an autologous skin graft, but ttheyse are patients that have very fragile skin, so you're basically creating an injury on tthey patient to get tthey skin and ttheyn treating with skin and ttheyn putting it back on to tthey patient not necessarily in tthey same place wtheyre you harvested tthey skin, but wtheyre tthey blister is, so I mean – and are you doing as like one patch at a time or multiple patctheys? What are some of tthey logistics that you’re including in tthey trial? Timothy Miller A good question George on tthey logistics. So what happens is tthey patients come in and ttheyy have a lot of open wounds, so what we do is we take a punch biopsy to collect and grow ttheyir keratinocyte. So rattheyr than provide some form of injection or multiple levels of injection under tthey skin, what we do is we take a punch biopsy, we separate out tthey keratinocytes and ttheyn grow ttheym into multiple large ttheyyets. And ttheyn those are – so those are retrovirally corrected with again a retrovirus for tthey whole 71 and ttheyn as those ttheyyets are essentially applied to tthey wounded areas, so we're not creating any wound, George, we're actually putting a – or be considered a divided area of an already existing wound and ttheyn putting tthey skin graft, ttheir retrovirally corrected skin graft on top of tthey wound. So tthey graft, really ttheyy're not debris, but tthey wounds are divided and ttheyn tthey grafts are put on top of ttheyse already existing wounds. And ttheyn tthey patients are – ttheyy're basically mobilized for a short period of time while tthey graft takes and ttheyn ttheyy're removed out. Wtheyn you're looking at ttheyse wounds that – again ttheyse wounds haven't been theyaling for, some of ttheym have had wounds for years, it's really amazing that a lot of ttheyse skin grafts take and ttheyn theyal. George Zavoico So tthey punch biopsy is really like what less than a centimeter? Timothy Miller I can’t remember tthey exact size of it, but it is what would be considered a rattheyr standard punch biopsy and it’s only to tthey dermis, you don't need to go into tthey muscle for something like that. So it’s not very invasive. George Zavoico So from one punch biopsy, how many square centimeters can you grow out a graft, I’m just wondering how much coverage you can get out of one skin biopsy? Timothy Miller I believe we – so ttheyy grow up a bunch and ttheyy freeze ttheym down. So ttheyy're actually able to keep continuing graft. We grow up eight ttheyyets at a time, we grow eight ttheyyets and ttheyy're about 4X6 inctheys. And ttheyn six of those ttheyyets are applied in tthey clinical trial, two is a backup plan. So wtheyn you think of a 4X6 ttheyyet, I mean, that’s how big some of ttheyse wounds are. George Zavoico I mean, just growing ttheym and it results from a punch biopsy, that's a lot of cell divisions. And so I guess tthey retroviral vector – tthey gene ttheyrapies are applied very early into tthey punctheyd biopsy, so that wtheyn it goes into tthey ttheyyet you don't have to use as much vector. So you save with your product that way, right? Timothy Miller That’s correct. Tthey retroviral correction happens early in tthey expansion process and so again you see unified clowns moving forward. And one of tthey things – you know we wanted to see was how stable that is and ttheyn again what type of expression that continued and ttheyse were – tthey edges of tthey ttheyyets were punctheyd biopsied at six months and still seeing robust VII expression at tthey ttheyrmal epidermal junction by antibodies. So again seeing robust expression through tthey missing protein for months after tthey ttheyyet abide. George Zavoico So in tthey trial, is each patient going to undergo like a single graft replacement, because I’m wondering, like you said, ttheyse patients are pretty fragile and you need to do is bump up against something or even a square edge or even maybe – even depending on ttheyir clottheys sometimes, ttheyy rub it tthey wrong way, you get a blister, are ttheyse patients going to be multiply treated especially since you just said that some of ttheyse cells are frozen, so you can grow out as many ttheyyets as you want, basically setting up a cell bank for each patient? Timothy Miller Tthey nice thing about ttheir, George, is that tthey ttheyyets ttheymselves – those areas that have been corrected with ttheyse grafts, ttheyy’re tougtheyr because [indiscernible]. And to your point, ttheyse patients could receive multiple skin grafts over ttheyir lifetime again because we have ttheyir cells, ttheyy are autologous and so you’d essentially think of ttheyse almost like big band aid once ttheyre is a wound, so yes. George Zavoico But within tthey trial follow up period, treatment follow up, ttheyy're only going to be one graft, is that right? Timothy Miller Ttheyy're going to get six grafts at tthey time that ttheyy're treated. George Zavoico Oh, each patient gets six grafts, okay. And what's tthey follow up period? Timothy Miller I believe it’s two years. George Zavoico So would you able to go to tthey regulatory agency before that follow up period is over or do you have to wait at least through to follow up of all patients in tthey trial? Timothy Miller That’s going to depend on tthey data, as with all of ttheym, George. You’d imagine that after – and all of ttheyse gene ttheyrapy trials, it’s strong positive data throughout a chronic time period of six to 12 months, certainly if tthey data is strong, that’s what we'd evaluate. George Zavoico One question for Jeff about tthey plasma proteins, it sounds like you're making progress, can you provide any guidance on wtheyn you might be able to go to tthey regulatory agencies for approval? Jeffrey Davis Well, I think it's tough to say right now. We are in a dialogue with ttheym now about what is going to be required for both tthey clinical pathway and potential Phase 4 requirements. We continue to work with tthey contract manufacturer on scale up. Obviously we're not going to start a trial until we have agreement on an acceptable clinical pathway. So it's a little bit squishy right now, but obviously we're pushing atheyad with all of it with speed. Operator Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to management for any closing comments. Timothy Miller I just wanted to thank everyone for joining our call today. It's a really exciting time for Abeona. We’ve been building value for our shareholders as well as our patients. Now as a clinical stage company, we look forward to reporting more progress as tthey third quarter comes so close to. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. 