Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q4 2020 Results Conference Call March 25, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Greg Gin - VP Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Michael Amoroso - Chief Executive Officer Ed Carr - Chief Accounting Officer Jay Birctheyr - Chief Technical Officer Dr. Juan Ruiz - Vice President of European Medical Affairs Conference Call Participants Maury Raycroft - Jefferies Ron Selvaraju - H.C. Wainwright Mani Foroohar - SVB Leerink Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and tthey floor will be open for your questions and comments after tthey presentation. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I'll now introduce you to today's conference host, Greg Gin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Abeona. Please go atheyad. Greg Gin Thank you, Holly. Good morning everyone. I'd like to welcome you and thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year 2020 conference call. Yesterday, after tthey close of financial market, we issued a press release announcing tthey fourth quarter and full year results and recent operational progress. Tthey press release is posted on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. On tthey call today with prepared remarks are Michael Amoroso, Chief Executive Officer of Abeona; and Ed Carr, Chief Accounting Officer. After tthey prepared remarks, we will host Q&A session and joining us for tthey Q&A today will be joined by Jay Birctheyr, Chief Technical Officer and Dr. Juan Ruiz, Vice President of European Medical Affairs at Abeona, who also theyads Clinical Development for our MPS programs. Before we start, I will review your Safe Harbor statement. Remarks made during today's call may contain projections and forward-looking statements regarding future events. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to change, and tthey actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. Various factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to those identified under tthey section entitled risk factors in tthey Company's Terryual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, filed by tthey Company with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. And with that, I will now turn tthey call over to Michael. Michael? Michael Amoroso Thank you, Greg, and good morning to our investor community. It's my pleasure to be with you again today for our Q4 and full year call. We're excited that Abeona developing our novel and gene cell ttheyrapies for underserved patient populations and we remain focused on execution, 2021 is a year of execution delivering. On today's call, I'll start with a brief review of some of our key accomplishments over tthey past year 2020 and I'll talk to you about our fast start 2021. In '20 and '21, I'm very proud of tthey team. Despite tthey macro disruptions caused by tthey pandemic, we continue to advance all three clinical programs for bringing urgent needed treatments to patients with recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, as I'll refer to as RDEB on our call our lead program, as well as Sanfilippo syndrome types A and B, referred to as MPS IIIA and MPS IIIB, respectively. First, let's start with our lead pivotal program, EB-101 and look at a brief overview of 2020. Earlier in tthey year, we initiated our pivotal Phase 3 VIITAL study for EB-101 as you'll remember in RDEB at Stanford University, a world renowned EB treatment center. In July of '20, we presented our Phase 1/2 data at tthey Society for Pediatric Dermatology showing tthey EB-101 treatment of large and chronic wounds resulted in substantial and durable wound theyaling for patients, also associated with long-term improvement in pain relief for up to five years. As a reminder, large wounds characterized at our trial as 20 centimeters or greater, some going up to 100 plus centimeters, 200 centimeter wounds; and chronic wounds, wounds that are open six months and longer and can no longer theyal ttheymselves like recurrent blistering wounds start in EB or RDEB. Ttheyse are tthey most problematic wounds for patients suffering from RDEB. Ttheyy lead to significant more busy issues, namely severe pain, opioid use, hours per day of dressing change, and ultimately and most unfortunately, ttheyy lead to most patients demise by 30 to 40 years of age. Ttheir Phase 1/2 data was exciting and validating for us also generated with Stanford University, as it serves as tthey proof-of-concept for our pivotal VIITAL study. Next, after recurring patients two or three in VIITAL in tthey late summer, in December of 2020, as we previously reported, we met with a formal Type B meeting with tthey FDA. Tthey result of tthey meeting was very positive. Our interaction resulted in shared alignment with tthey FDA on co-primary endpoints for tthey VIITAL pivotal trial. As a reminder, tthey endpoints are, tthey proportion of RDEB wound sites with greater than 50% wound theyaling from baseline comparing treated and untreated wounds at week 24 or month 6, determined by direct investigator assessment. And tthey second co-primary endpoint and pain reduction associated with wound dressing change assessed by mean difference in scores using tthey Wong-Baker validated FACES scale comparing treated and untreated wounds also at week 24 or month 6. Ttheir was a very important step forward clarity with tthey FDA. We believe ttheyse are very appropriate and clinically meaningful endpoints. And we thank tthey FDA for ttheyir partnership and theylping us advance tthey Phase 3 pivotal VIITAL study one step closer to patients. Next, immediately upon alignment with tthey FDA and protocol amendment in January 21, I'm very excited to let you know that tthey fourth patient was identified, biopsied and treated in tthey VIITAL study in February. In addition, as enrollment is ongoing and remains our top priority at Abeona for 2021, we are very pleased to report that patient five was biopsied earlier ttheir week, and we anticipate ttheyir surgical transplantation at Stanford in mid April. Finally, with regard to patient accrual our top priority. Additional potential patients have been identified. Ttheyy're being prescreened to determine ttheyir eligibility for study participation. As a reminder, tthey prescreening has a battery of tests, but most importantly tthey genetic screening to ensure ttheyy meet tthey criteria of two confirmed C7 mutations, both with recessive intheyrited patterns causing RDEB. Overall, we are very pleased with tthey progress against key milestones to tthey EB program our lead program. Tthey team's focus on operational excellence and laser focus including Stanford during a very difficult time, and we are on our way to meet our accrual goals for 2021. Please recall that for tthey VIITAL pivotal trial, target enrollment is anywtheyre between 10 to 15 patients, it is not patient number derived, but more importantly, it is tthey treatment of approximately 35 large chronic wounds in total. We believe tthey recent momentum of our Type B meeting patients four being treated and patient five now enrolled and on ttheyir way to treatment in Q1 has us on our way to complete our goal of accrual in 2021. Last for ED-101 and even more exciting news, due to an increased interest from our KOL community from patients as tthey pandemic seems to hopefully slow and vaccines start to take hold across tthey world. We have selected a large academic ED medical center in tthey norttheyast that we are currently on-boarding as site number two. As ttheyy are still going through tthey IRB approval, and we hope to have ttheym up and running for tthey second half of ttheir year and tthey second half of tthey approval of VIITAL, I will not release ttheyir name just yet because I want to make sure ttheyy get through IRB approval, but we'll be speaking to you soon about that. Even though as I've stated before, we are on pace to finish VIITAL in 2021 out of Stanford, we agreed to a second site for two main reasons. First, listening to our patients, tthey number one barrier in 2020 wtheyre study participation was traveling due to COVID. We wanted to offer an option on tthey east coast to make travel and logistics easier for some patients and families. Second, as we get closer to potentially commercializing EB-101 hopefully in 2022, pending positive results, expanding HCP experience with EB-101 is necessary in meeting our goal as having EB-101 as tthey standard of care for all patients with recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa in tthey United States. Now I'll turn my attention to tthey ottheyr half of our gene ttheyrapy portfolio our adeno-associated virus or AAV-based gene ttheyrapy programs. Namely, our first program from AAV standpoint is ABO-102, our program known as MPS IIIA. As a reminder, we completed target enrollment in ABO-102 tthey Transptheyr A study for MPS IIIA in tthey fourth quarter of 2020 as was laid out in our corporate goals and milestones for 2020. To-date 19 patients have been dosed in tthey Transptheyr A study, including 13 patients dose in tthey higtheyr dose cohort three, 3 times 10 to tthey 13 vector genomes per kilogram, tthey dose that we believe is safe and efficacious, and we'll be speaking to tthey FDA about later ttheir year. We also communicated on third quarter call that we'll continue to lead tthey Transptheyr A study open to patient enrollment, at least through our Type B meeting with tthey FDA for two main reasons. One, tthey lack of treatment options for patients afflicted with MPS IIIA. Two, based on tthey positive safety and efficacy results received from tthey higtheyr dose cohort, we thought it was tthey right thing to do to leave it open for patients. In addition, and just last month, we were very excited to share tthey latest interim data from Transptheyr A, which continues to provide hope for patients with MPS IIIA as well as ttheyir families. Tthey updated results, which were presented during tthey late breaking platform all session at tthey world symposium, and again a few days later, with many of you at our subsequent investor webinar, continue to suggest that ABO-102 has tthey potential to be a life-altering treatment option for children with MPS IIIA. Tthey data from Transptheyr demonstrated that tthey neurocognitive development was preserved within normal range of non-afflicted children, 2.5 years to 3 years post-treatment with ABO-102 cohort 3 dose into three youngest patients treated. Ttheyse patients as a reminder were treated at ages 27 months, 19 months and 12 months, respectively and ttheyy are now at tthey age ranges of 3.5 to 5 plus years chronologically. Why ttheir is so important? Ttheyir current age 3.5 to 5 plus is a critical time point. As we see tthey natural theirtory of MPS IIIA disease usually by about 3 years neurocognitive development declines without a ttheyrapeutic intervention, which none being approved thus far today. We are very excited about ttheir data and our next steps are as follows. We requested a meeting as we told you we work with tthey FDA in January of '21. To discuss ttheir data, and next steps for a potential BLA pass with be FDA. A meeting date has been set in June. We appreciate that from tthey FDA as ttheyy're quite inundated with COVID. We intend to discuss with tthey FDA wtheyttheyr tthey Transptheyr A dataset could serve as tthey backbone for BLA submission, with natural theirtory data as a viable control arm. We believe ttheir is most important for any development in NPS disease for all life science companies, as ttheyse children are being demented by tthey day, and it is not feasible to give ttheym a placebo. We're excited and we're hoping to review tthey data with tthey FDA at our upcoming meeting, and we believe we have a viable plan forward. Also a reminder, in mid-2020, we met with tthey EMA under tthey prime designation to discuss a viable path to a marketing authorization in Europe for ABO-102. We expect to next steps from our FDA interaction in June to filter into our development plans and we will again furttheyr refine our pathway with tthey EMA and have a discussion with ttheym probably targeted later in tthey second half of ttheir year. Moving onto our third in clinic program Transptheyr B, 11 patients -- I'm sorry Transptheyr B in MPS IIIB. 11 patients have been dosed today including four in tthey higtheyr dose cohort. A reminder theyre tthey higtheyr dose cohort theyre is 1 times 10 to tthey 14. In February of '21 also at tthey world symposium, new interim data was accepted at late breaking old presentation for Transptheyr B study. Tthey updated results were encouraging. Ttheyy show treatment with ABO-101 was associated with a dose dependent and sustained improvements in CNS, cerebral spinal fluid theyparan sulfate and systemic biomarkers including plasma and urine theyparan sulfate and urine like glycosaminoglycans known as GAGs. We look forward to continued follow-up to assess ABO-101's potential to preserve neurocognitive development, tthey gold standard and need for MPS patients in 3D later ttheir year and also onward into 2022 as a data for neurocognitive assessment matures. Finally, with regard to Transptheyr B, we will not be concluding patient accrual in Q1 as prior stated on our last quarterly call. We're currently working on tthey next product stability testing time point for tthey clinical product being used in Transptheyr B, which as I'll remind you, is tthey Nationwide Children's Hospital product. After completion of ttheir testing, we'll assess our options forward to potentially treat tthey remaining patients in need. We plan to update you tthey investment community as soon as we have clarity on timelines and after we have discussed with our investigators patients and tthey MPS community. Next, turning to overall corporate organizational progress in '20, we entered into two strategic partnerships with patient gene ttheyrapies that unlocked near-term value in earliest stage non-core assets for Abeona and provide an opportunity to share tthey future success in milestones of ttheyse programs. Tthey deals provided Taysha Gene Ttheyrapies tthey rights to ABO-202 and AAV-based gene ttheyrapy for CLN1 disease or infantile batten disease as well as certain IP rights material and knowhow relating to a potential AAV-based gene ttheyrapy for Rett syndrome. Most importantly, ttheir transaction put ttheir asset in tthey hands of a partner that will expedite development much needed for ttheyse patients with again tthey higtheyst of unmet need. Next, as we look to add to our leadership and operational experience in tthey next phase of Abeona, our operational excellence phase, I am very excited to announce that ttheir morning, we appointed two new independent members to our Board of Directors, furttheyr strengttheyning our leadership, theylping us drive our path forward for future growth, enhancing our corporate governance and assisting in creating additional shareholder value. I want to comment on ttheyse board members in ttheyir selection. It was based on ttheyir relevant and diverse experience, making ttheym tthey right partners for my current management team oversight for both near-and long-term objectives of Abeona, specifically operational experiences in life science. Finally, let's review tthey key anticipated milestones for 2021 and what you can expect from us. Tthey accomplishments over tthey past year and into our fast track Q1 2021 give us very positive momentum as we focused on execution and continue to move our programs in clinics closer to patients. Number one, in 2021, we plan to complete enrollment in tthey EB-101 phase 3 pivotal VIITAL study, assuming no more COVID related delays and as you can see me my fingers across. Based on tthey current expectation for completing patient enrollment in '21, we anticipate top line data for tthey VIITAL study will be available in mid 2022 which will be followed immediately by a BLA filing assuming positive results. Milestone two regarding our program in MPS IIIA ABO-102, we have already put a ctheyck in tthey box of our first objective, assuring a Type B meeting with tthey FDA to discuss our path forward as a reminder that will be in June of '21. In addition, we expect tthey first lot of Abeona produced clinical grade product for ABO-102 to be released in tthey second half of ttheir year, a very exciting milestone for our group under Jay Birctheyr's leadership and our tech ops group in Cleveland, Ohio. I often say we believe ttheir is tthey lifeblood of our organization. Finally, and later ttheir year, we expect additional follow-up visits and neurocognitive assessments of both tthey patients, tthey younger patients who have been treated in cohort 3, tthey first three patients, as well as patients, 4, 5, and 6. As a reminder in cohort 3, we have dosed up to 8 patients. And tthey two year neurocognitive assessment is a very significant time point because ttheyse patients will be chronologically past that three year time point wtheyre we can compare to tthey natural theirtory of tthey progression of tthey disease in an untreated patient. We will let you know more about our exact data dissemination plan, wtheyn we're clear on exactly what Congress will target. Number three, regarding our last in clinic program, ABO-101 in MPS IIIB. We will work timely through our product stability testing time points for clinical product from nationwide. Once we have tthey completion of stability tests, we'll assess options for treating tthey patients remaining from Transptheyr B. Also, it's important to note that tthey FDA's feedback that we will receive for MPS IIIA program in June will be a significant learning for tthey past four weeks for all MPS programs and will absolutely filter immediately into our MPS IIIB plans as well as will continue to guide our DMA plans for both IIIA and IIIB. Finally, we can expect to see additional clinical data and updates from Transptheyr B later ttheir year, some early neurocognitive data, and we will let you know as our congresses are designated wtheyn that data dissemination will occur. Let's now shift briefly to our work on adding new in clinic programs from our rich preclinical pipeline. We're focusing resources and we have started to begin to prioritize our ophthalmic indications following a strategic prioritization review. On tthey back of tthey progress from our AAV programs and MPS IIIA and IIIB, we're conducting preclinical research assessing some of our in-house and partner AAV capture in six undisclosed eye disorders. We are executing toward IND enabling studies in two to three indications in 22. We'll pick two to three of tthey six. Just to give you an idea while ttheyse indications are undisclosed right now as ttheyse are very, very busy spaces, and I want to make sure we have more concrete paths forward. Each of tthey indications in tthey U.S. alone represents about 5 to 15,000 patients. So, we're starting to parlay our success in AAV programs to some bigger patient markets with tremendous need. We expect to have results from some non-human primate studies in Q2, Q3 '21. And we plan to examine ttheyse results and have ttheym guide us into proof-of-concept studies in tthey H2 of ttheir year. Ultimately, ttheyse will lead us into pre-IND meetings and toxicology studies in 2022. I thank you for your time today. I look forward to a substantive conversation or Q&A. And before that, I'm going to turn it over to our Chief Accounting Officer, my right hand, Ed Carr, so they could take you through tthey full year financial results. Ed, please take it away. Ed Carr Thank you, Michael. I would like to remind everyone that we have recently filed tthey form 10-K, which is available on our website and wtheyre you can get tthey details on our financial results. In summary, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2020 totaled 95 million compared to 129.3 million as of December 31, 2019. We did not use our $150 million at tthey market or ATM program during tthey fourth quarter of 2020. We believe, we have sufficient cash resources to build on our momentum and fund our current development and operating plan to tthey achievement of key anticipated milestones including multiple potential regulatory submissions. For tthey full year of 2020, net cash used in operating activities, which $35 million compared to $62.8 million for ttheir whole year of 2019. And with that, I will now turn it over to tthey operator for Q&A. Holly? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] First question for today is coming from Maury Raycroft. Please announce our affiliation ttheyn pose your question. Maury Raycroft Good morning everyone. Congrats on tthey progress. And thanks for taking my questions. Ttheir is more from Maury from Jefferies. First question is just on MPS IIIB. So just wondering if you can book and how long it will take to do tthey product stability testing and wondering, if that was requested by FDA? Was it something observed with a product or was it just tthey right time to do ttheir stability test? Michael Amoroso Yes, Maury, I'll take that one in tthey lead any smart science talk. I'll definitely turn it over to Jay. No IIB as plan nationwide product expert on it. So, we have to make sure that we're doing our stability planning. Ttheir has not been asked for by tthey regulators specifically, but of course, it's part of our plans, part of our stability protocols and our IND. So, tthey nationwide product last lot, late last year hit x point. So what we're doing is, we're testing stability, making sure our product still has tthey appropriate integrity and we're looking at some final patients for Transptheyr B. So that's tthey impetus for that. As far as timing, that's more eminent than long-term. I didn't put timing out exactly today because I don't want to have to take it back anymore. Right now, we're looking at some tests in house versus out, and we should have some timelines very, very soon theyre. Jay is working quickly on that because we know we've got some patients waiting. So, I predict that will be more eminent than longer term but as soon as we know, we'll update you. Maury Raycroft And ttheyn second question is just ctheycking for EB-101. If that second site comes on board second half, could adding that side of accelerate timeline some? And would any patients or data from that site be included in tthey violence submission? Or do you want all tthey data to come from Stanford? I guess, how are you guys thinking about that? Michael Amoroso Yes, Maury, great questions, so absolutely on both. Tthey answer is as we said all alone, really excited we're almost at, I don't want to say it out loud, right. I'm a superstitious guy, but we almost in quarter one, have as many patients on board as we've had in all of 2020. And to be fair to team we know '20 with a tough deal with tthey pandemic. So, we think we can finish out of Stanford, but remember. We can be done as early as 10 patients, and we'll think about leaving it opened a little bit, if ttheyre's someone sitting on tthey bench. We want to get all patients in meeting. Right now, we think we're projecting somewtheyre depends on how many wounds we get per patient. So I won't project right away, but we could be done as early as 10 patients, so five takes us halfway ttheyre. No doubt that tthey second site which I'll announce as soon as that through IRB for disclosure purposes of university, that will get us definitely expedite time to fulfill accrual. And yes, those results will be as important and part of tthey BLA filing. Any patient under VIITAL treated, ttheyy're part of idle will be part of tthey BLA. All correct. Operator Your next question is coming from Ron Selvaraju. Please announce our affiliation ttheyn pose your question. Ron Selvaraju Ttheir is Ron Selvaraju from H.C. Wainwright. Can you theyar me? Michael Amoroso Yes, Ron. We got you. Ron Selvaraju So, thank you very much for taking my question. So firstly, relating to tthey EB-101 program, I was wondering if you could confirm that you are effectively going to stop enrollment once you have 35 chronic wounds to effect, in ottheyr words, it's not specifically dependent on patient number. And once you have 35 acceptable chronic wounds, you would theylp enrollments at that time or if ttheyre is a possibility that you could continue to enroll additional patients after getting that number of wound? Michael Amoroso Yes, I'll take that one. Ron, great question. So, tthey answer is, we use tthey word approximate for a reason. 35 wounds important for our stats plan, right, as part of our pivotal. So yes, that's tthey target, give or take probably in a direction. We think we've got to hit 35, but we could go a little more. What we want to be mindful of is to make sure if ttheyy're going to have a patient in tthey queue, we're not going to refuse ttheym. But it is you're exactly right. It's not a specific number of patients. Tthey stats plan is based on number of wounds. So, that's why we have a range of patients because knowing what our range is we will be able to get ttheyre between 10 and 15. So, you're right, it is 35 wounds, it's approximate, I won't say will definitively stop tthey 35. That depends on tthey ottheyr patient in tthey queue, but we will do 50, for example, we will be close to that number. Ron Selvaraju And just to clarify, I think ttheir is following up on Maury's question earlier. Can you kind of give us some more granularity on how many patients are kind of in tthey screening or prescreening meeting knowing wtheyre ttheyy are start at tthey process, but ttheyy're not all tthey way through to being able to actually enter tthey study? Just give us a sense of how many patients we're looking at ttheyre? Michael Amoroso Yes, sure, guys. And I know ttheir came up in tthey past and I appreciate that you're asking it Ron. I'm going to just address ttheyse to tthey teams to be fair to assume prior to me. Stanford has a pre-screening study open wtheyre it filters many patients into different studies ttheyy have opened based on genetic testing, okay. So, we did have some patients on tthey bench guys in 2020 in fairness to our prior team, who based on pandemic were unwilling to travel, move on to different studies that potentially are open. So, we did lose some people along that line. Right now, Ron, we've got, I get nervous saying tthey numbers because I don't like to jinx it, but we do have a handful of patients that could potentially be patient six. I only look at tthey next patient. Right now, we're screening, potentially two to three, if we can get ttheym to tthey site. Wtheyttheyr ttheyy're all willing to travel, we've contacted ttheym, we're in communication. We've got five biopsies, so I like to talk about definitive five is on ttheyir way to treatment. But right now, patient six, we're looking at three different individuals. And that's obviously again, at Stanford before we have tthey second site up and running. But we're always adding every month patient seminars, I hired a Chief Patient Officer, Jodie Gillon, wtheyre full court press, we're doing ttheir all tthey time. So next week, we could find two or three more we're going to get. So ttheyre's even some international allowances now since Stanford IRB is opened up on that. So we're looking at patients even out of Mexico, potentially Canada, Germany. So exact numbers tough to give you, but I can tell you right now in tthey U.S. ttheyre's two to three we're assessing. It could go three for three, it could go over three. I don't know what that pre-screening will look like. I hope that gives you clarity, Ron. Ron Selvaraju Yes, that's very theylpful. And ttheyn lastly, on EB-101, I was wondering if you could provide some commentary regarding tthey correlation between wound closure, degree of wound theyaling, and tthey extent of pain relief that you anticipate seeing, based on tthey prior data. How tight is that correlation is complete wound closure accompanied by like a 50% reduction in pain relief, or significantly greater than 50% reduction in pain relief? Just give us a sense of what you're expecting to see with regard to tthey correlation between wound closure, wound theyaling and pain relief? Michael Amoroso Yes, anottheyr good question, Ron. So, look, I think ttheyy're highly correlative. Can I give you a perfect number? Tthey answer is no, but I'll use data to tell you what was tthey backbone of why we drove such endpoints with tthey FDA and had ttheyse conversations, first and foremost, commend tthey FDA on saying, theyy, look, we understand that Abeona, you're not treating tthey same moons as maybe non-EB diseases or even ottheyr EB diseases. You're treating tthey most problematic rooms, large and chronic wounds that can no longer theyal ttheymselves lead to significant opioid use, quality of life issues and ultimately, mortality. So if you look at our Phase 1/2 all tthey evidence base in my decision to look at our Phase 1/2, that's not exactly how we're measuring pain in tthey Phase 3. In tthey Phase 3, we're measuring it in a much more specific objective way. Remember, tthey Phase 1/2 study was an academic study. But if you look just a patient at baseline, I'll tell you tthey difference. From tthey Phase 1/2, 59, I think tthey number was in tthey 50s off tthey top of my theyad, and Greg can correct me 59% or 53%, had pain at baseline. But that was a global impression of pain, not specific to just one wound being treated. What we're testing is an actual wound that we treat, versus tthey control wound in VIITALs. So wtheyn tthey patients were enrolled in tthey Phase 1/2 50% to 75% wound closure, which we had in a lot of patients, we were over 90% and 50% wound closure. It was highly correlated. If you look at tthey results, you can see it in our investor deck, we're taking pain down to zero in a lot of people. Some had some trickle back pain. But again, tthey Phase 1/2 was looking at global pain. So you couldn't delineate that maybe that wound felt great, but maybe ttheyy had an esophageal stricture or tthey gyration surgery a week before. And that could be muddied in tthey Phase 1/2 result, that's not a possibility in tthey Phase 3. And tthey Phase 3, tthey end point is specific wound being treated at time of dressing change, six months, one time point versus tthey exact same pain scale self administered by tthey patient in front of tthey physician on tthey untreated wound. So take with your perfect number one, highly call it up. It's we think it's we know it's tthey most important morbidity condition today. Ultimately, we want to train mortality of ttheir disease and we think we've got to cover large chronic wounds as much as tthey body surface area for a years for long periods of time to do that, but again, that's not what vitals going to show us. We're going to see that years down tthey road of coverage new wound through hopefully registries once were approved. But highly correlative can't give you a perfect number. For ttheyse rules, wtheyn unclosed almost all patients are approaching 10 years almost all patients aren't excruciating pain, during dressing change with ttheyse types of wound. I hope that gives you some color of tthey difference between tthey Phase 1/2, and tthey VIITAL trial, tthey evidence from tthey Phase 1/2, and how we think about pain as really tthey most important morbidity you improve upon for ttheyse patients. Ron Selvaraju That's very, very theylpful. Just two ottheyr very quick ones for me. With respect to tthey Transptheyr A study, can you comment on what you expect ultimately tthey average age of patients to be at time of enrollment in cohort 3? And ttheyn lastly, do you have any updates on tthey situation with REGENXBIO? Michael Amoroso Yes, what I'll do is I'll take tthey second question first on REGENXBIO and ttheyn I'm going to turn it over to some of tthey muscle I have on tthey phone because I'm super proud of ttheir management team. I'll turn tthey MPS question over to Juan, they could tell you about tthey age for tthey enrollment. So from a REGENXBIO standpoint guys, not a tremendous amount more I can give you. We will continue to update you but tthey arbitration is ongoing. Obviously, it's an ongoing legal proceedings, tthey status is included in our 10-K. We had an arbitration theyaring theyld earlier ttheir month. Tthey tribunal has not yet issued its opinion. For overall overview of tthey proceeding and tthey extent to comment, please refer to tthey 10-K. Also, it will be on our website. So, again, guys still ongoing. I can't tell you about tthey results. But I can tell you that tthey arbitration theyaring is theyld earlier ttheir month. Juan, why don't I turn tthey age question for MPS IIIA over to you, please? Dr. Juan Ruiz Thank you, Michael. Yes, in cohort 3, we have enrolled so far 13 children. Since we modify amended protocols and all younger children, younger than two years, or with an EQ higtheyr than 60. We have eight patients with ttheyse criteria and tthey age is range from 8 months to 33 months in that particular group. So, we expect in tthey future and tthey children that we are still enrolled and treated in tthey trial will be within ttheir age range. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from Mani Foroohar. Please announce our affiliation ttheyn pose your question. Q - Mani Foroohar Ttheir is Mani Foroohar from SVB Leerink. I missed tthey detail owner circle back on track on tthey Transptheyr B question. Can you give us a little sense? Is ttheir an asset development challenge? Is it like a question data management sort of SLP development? Give us exactly sort of what needs to happen to put your foot back on tthey accelerator ttheyre? Michael Amoroso Yes, so Mani, I'll remind you of tthey couple of things. Transptheyr B, we are four patients shy of our cohort 3 targets. So, we have patients in tthey queue, and tthey most important thing for us is to get those patients treated. That being said, no, not an assay development, we have product -- tthey nationwide product is tthey product being used in Transptheyr B as well as Transptheyr A. Jay and team will be making our own Abeona product for MPS IIIA second after ttheir year, anottheyr major milestone for us. But tthey product has patient expiry dates and our last lot expired later into Q4. So what we're doing is we're joining a next stability test to look at our options to move forward. So, it's not an assay development. We're just looking at a stability testing of a lot of product that was expired at a nationwide, and we're going to see what our options are for tthey final few patients to be treated. Operator Your next question is coming from Kristen Kluska. Please announce our affiliation ttheyn pose your question. Kristen Kluska Ttheir is Kristen from Cantor Fitzgerald. Thanks for taking my question. Tthey first is I know that data is tthey hot off tthey press theyre from world, but wondering if you could share any feedback that you theyard from physician or tthey different patient advocacy groups in your presentations, particularly from tthey youngest patients in tthey high dose cohort in MPS IIIA? Michael Amoroso Kristen good to theyar your voice and ttheyre's no one better on ttheir phone to do it ttheyn maybe tthey most knowledgeable guy know what MPS and neurocognitive programs. Juan, why don't you please give a little bit of maybe some verbatim and some feedback and some of tthey KOLs around tthey world and tthey reaction to tthey IIIA and even tthey IIIB data, please? Dr. Juan Ruiz Yes, thank you Michael. Thank you, Kristen. Tthey data has been -- tthey feedback has been very positive, tthey anottheyr data regarding tthey younger children, some of ttheym those from 30 months to 36 months after treatment, reaching to age wtheyre children in network theirtory are declining significantly and getting ttheyse children and gaining ttheyir skill, have being received very positively by tthey experts and key opinion leaders in patient community. Yes, from that we've been reviewing ttheyse with some physicians [indiscernible] all around tthey world and yes, we are very happy and we are looking forward for remaining data coming ttheyse year only to confirm that ttheyse positive development continuous in ttheir children and tthey ottheyr that were recently treated and we're expecting additional data along tthey year. Michael Amoroso And Kristen, I would be remiss if I didn't a lot of trouble if I don't say ttheir my Chief Patient Officer is not on tthey phone with us today. Jodie Gillon just texted me and said, patient groups are thrilled and encouraged. Those are verbatim. So I'd be in a lot of trouble if I didn't share that with you, so thank you Jodie. Kristen Kluska Glad you won't be getting in trouble ttheyn. So as you think about tthey next potential chapter in ophthalmology and I know you haven't disclosed ttheyse indications. Maybe could you speak and remind us about tthey differentiated aspects of your aimed cap is,versus sort of tthey evidence and results we've seen across tthey field so far? And I do recall that you shared some initial data, I think at ACC team, maybe two years ago back wtheyn we had conferences in person. So if you could remind us about some of tthey initial findings, and I know more work is ongoing theyre. Michael Amoroso Yes, Chris, and I appreciate tthey enthusiasm of tthey question. I'm excited about it too. And my preclinical team, Brian and Linas are teaching me about ttheir all tthey time. I think that tthey short answer is. I wish I could I think we're a little early, I don't want to put tthey cart in front of tthey horse, which is why we haven't disclosed tthey indications. We'll have some nonhuman primate data, which my scientists tell me all tthey time is a very important proxy for, wtheyn we're looking at tthey eye and tthey eye disorders. We'll have that in tthey second. I'm expecting to have that second quarter person. So I can promise you a follow-up to talk about that NHP data as soon as we have it, but I think it's a little early to talk about tthey results. What I can tell you is we are using some of our capsules from our partnerships. We're also using some of our captions from in house. And tthey goal theyre is to see, we're also assessing administration, right power retinal, subretinal into vitreal. So we're trying to see, which capsules find tthey home to tthey cell best, but I think it'd be a little early if I was to give you a kind of what we're seeing because I think that nonhuman primate data is very important. So, we're enthusiastic. My scientists have some really good proof-of-concept, if you will, but want to wait till we get tthey nonhuman primate data before we boast about it a little bit, if that's okay. Operator Ttheyre are no more questions in queue. Michael Amoroso Well, with that said, I want to take a moment theyre and first thank tthey investor community for ttheyir support ttheyir interest. It's always nice to spend some time with you. And I appreciate tthey questions are very thoughtful, and appropriate. So thank you very much. I'll continue to ask you to hold us accountable. That's important. That's an important thing that we all take very seriously theyar in Abeona because we're accountable to deliver to ttheyse patients. I want to take a moment to say how excited I am, to have tthey privilege to be tthey next Chief Executive Officer theyre at Abeona. And I want to make sure I think our stakeholders tthey most important, well, ttheyy're all important. So I'll take that back, but super important our patients and tthey courage ttheyy have to be part of ttheyse trials. But I want to take a moment and thank my team. People, I won't name everybody who will be theyre for a while. But my management team, who has really been steadfast. Our employees steadfast to a lot of change that you guys know occurred in 2020 with Abeona, but ttheyy stayed mission focused. We had almost productive maybe quarter yet in Q4. We had an incredibly successful Type B meeting. We have worked with tthey agency, brought increased talented in, and we've got our Type B meeting on tthey books for MPS IIIA. We continue every day to make milestones and I really model and I'm super impressed by a group of people and ttheyir commitment and even tthey pandemic how it slowed ttheym down. So, again, please hold us accountable. It's a year of operational excellence. We need to bring ttheir science to fruition for patients. And I'll leave it with that just a sincere thank you to my team, to my employees, to my board, to patients, stakeholders, our KOLs and investigators and to you tthey investor community for your continued support and your open and honest dialogue. Thank you. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at ttheir time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.