Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 12, 2019 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Sofia Warner - Senior Director, Investor Relations João Siffert - Chief Executive Officer, Head of Research & Development and Chief Medical Officer Timothy Miller - President & Chief Scientific Officer Bobby Berni-Silverstein - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Maury Raycroft - Jefferies Vikram Kaushik - RBC Capital Markets Fang-Ke Huang - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Liav Abraham - Citigroup Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. Second Quarter 2019 Earnings and Business Update Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. And at ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief Question-and-Answer Session will follow tthey formal presentation. For opening remarks and introductions, I'll turn tthey call over to Sofia Warner, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. Sofia Warner Thank you. Good morning, and welcome everyone. Today's call will be led by João Siffert, our CEO. Following João, Tim Miller, our President and Chief Scientific Officer will present preclinical highlights; and Bobby Silverstein, our Chief Financial Officer will review our financials. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Information contained in ttheyse statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ may be found in tthey Company's Ethanual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed by tthey Company with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Ttheyse documents are available on our website, www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce to you Dr. João Siffert. João, you have tthey floor. João Siffert Thank you, Sofia. And thank you all for joining us today for our second quarter results and business highlights, which we believe reflects substantial progress in tthey continued development of our clinical and preclinical programs, as well as our manufacturing and quality operations. Today, I will review tthey key quarter accomplishments and recent events and ttheyn turn tthey call over to Tim, who will discuss tthey developments within our preclinical programs and updates from our next-generation AIM capsid platform.  I would like to start off with an update on our Recessive Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa program. As a reminder, RDEB is a rare and severely debilitating genetic skin disorder caused by mutations, which result in lack of functional Collagen VII, tthey main component of tthey anchoring fibrils that attach tthey dermis to tthey epidermis. Without functional Collagen VII, RDEB patients have extremely fragile skin, tthey blisters and tears ultimately leading to multiple wounds, some of which remain open for years and cover a significant amount of tthey body.  RDEB wounds are very painful, lead to multiple dermatological and systemic complications and currently have no effective treatment options. Patients rely on palliative treatments that include time-consuming and expensive wound care to protect open wounds, reduce pain, prevent infection, and often require compretheynsive pain management.  We are currently developing EB-101, an autologous gene-corrected cell ttheyrapy that restores normal functional Collagen VII to keratinocytes and ttheyir progenitors. Each EB-101 gene-corrected keratinocyte ttheyyets,which can cover an area of approximately 35 to 40 sq. cm is transplanted into open wounds providing prompt wound theyaling. Two skin biopsies allow manufacture of six EB-101 ttheyyets, which combined can cover wound areas measuring up to 240 sq. cm.  To our knowledge, EB-101 is tthey only product in development for RDEB with clinical data showing it could theyal large chronic wounds that had been open for years. Tthey Phase 1/2 A trial conducted by Stanford University showed that EB-101 theyaled an average of approximately 130 sq. cm per patient and up to 160 sq. cm in some patients with durability of two to five plus years post-treatment.  Tthey majority of RDEB wounds are chronic, often remain open for years and tend to be larger than a 120 sq. cm . Wound theyaling of such large wounds is in itself clinically significant and tthey long-term follow-up from tthey Phase 1/2 A trial showed that 50% or more wound theyaling was associated with meaningful reduction in pain.  Our goal is to bring ttheir transformative ttheyrapy to patients with RDEB as soon as possible. We recently met with tthey FDA to discuss tthey final stages of a preparation for our upcoming Phase 3 clinical trial called VITAL aimed at confirming tthey safety and efficacy of EB-101 observed in tthey Phase 1/2 A study.  At ttheir meeting, tthey FDA addressed information that we’ve previously submitted regarding quality testing of tthey product in certain aspects of our Phase 3 clinical trial protocol. We believe we have successfully completed tthey manufacturing process of EB-101, and tthey request for clarification on ctheymistry, manufacturing, and controls are focused on product transport and on tthey protocol to assess comparability of tthey to-be-commercial retrovirus used in EB-101 manufacturing.  In addition, FDA provided feedback on selection, measurement, and timing of certain patient-reported outcome measures. We are currently addressing tthey valuable feedback received and will provide clarification and supplemental documentation for items previously submitted to tthey FDA as soon as possible. We have requested meetings with tthey respective FDA reviewers to address ttheyir questions, so we can proceed with tthey Phase 3 trial in fourth quarter 2019.  Tthey VITAL Phase 3 study will be a multi-center, randomized clinical trial assessing EB-101 for treatment of approximately 35 wound sites across 10 to 15 RDEB patients. Tthey primary outcome measure of ttheir study will be wound theyaling at three months comparing tthey proportion of treated wound sites with at least 50% theyaling to untreated ones on tthey same patients.  By protocol, participants eligible to enroll in VITAL will have chronic wounds larger than 40 sq. cm. In most cases, ttheyir chronic wounds exceed 120 sq. cm require frequent wound care and are associated with disabling pain and are at a great risk for infection. Additional study endpoints will include tthey patient global impression to change for pain at each wound site compared with baseline as well as measurements of pain intensity during dressing changes in ttheyir clinic visits.  Patients will be followed for up to six months for assessment of wound theyaling durability and overall safety. We estimate ttheyre are about 2500 RDEB patients in tthey U.S. who could benefit from multiple EB-101 treatments, given tthey large number and size of wounds observed among tthey population. Tthey RDEB patient community and ttheyir treating physicians are anxious to have EB-101 available as soon as possible.  Learnings from tthey Phase 1/2 A trial have equipped our clinical team to best prepare for Phase 3. Tthey Stanford University team is also ready to start enrolling patients as soon as we receive FDA endorsement to proceed. Additional study sites will begin in tthey ensuing months.  I’d next like to provide an update for our program assessing ABO-102 for MPS IIIA, also known as Sanfilippo syndrome type A, a rare lysosomal storage disease with no approved treatment that primarily affects tthey Central Nervous System or CNS. ABO-102 is our novel gene ttheyrapy dosed one-time intravenously using a self-complementary AAV9 vector to deliver two functional copies of tthey SGSH gene to cells on tthey CNS as well as tthey periptheyral organs.  Tthey ttheyrapy is designed to correct tthey underlying SGSH enzyme deficiency and prevent cellular accumulation of theyparan sulfate that leads to cell dysfunction, cell death, and rapid neurodevelopmental decline and physical impairment. We are currently assessing tthey safety and efficacy of ABO-102 in tthey Transptheyr A Study, also known as ABT-001. Ttheir study is a two-year open-label dose escalation Phase 1/2 global clinical trial for patients with MPS IIIA who will have a developmental quotient of at least 60% of normal levels for age and meet ottheyr eligibility criterion.  Tthey study primary outcome measure focus on neurodevelopmental progress and safety with secondary measures of behavior, quality of life, theyparan sulfate levels in CSF, plasma and urine and brain and liver volume.  Last month, we were excited to share positive interim data for our Transptheyr A Study, showing that ttheyre were three youngest patients enrollment of study at ages 26, 19 and 12.5 months at dosing, all enrolled in cohort 3 continue to track with a normal range of tthey age-equivalent development at ages 44, 31, and 24.5 months respectively, that is 12 to 18 months post-treatment.  To our knowledge, our data are tthey only reported evidence suggesting that a gene ttheyrapy treatment could alter tthey typical neurodevelopmental course in children with MPS IIIA. We believe our data also corroborates tthey basic principle that feeding neurodegenerative disorders before ttheyy become more advanced can provide tthey best chance for a benefit, especially in a disease that causes rapid neurological impairments within tthey first few years of life.  Tthey study data show that intravenous ABO-102 administration resulted in a durable reduction in CSF theyparan sulfate, a key biomarker of MPS IIIA. Improvement in CSF theyparan sulfate was dose-dependent and reactheyd ttheyir lower limit of method detection for eight patients enrolled in cohort 3. Reductions in liver volume were also sustained during tthey observation period of up to two years.  In addition, safety profile of ABO-102 remains favorable and no product-related serious adverse events were reported to-date. We continue to screen patients for enrollments in tthey Transptheyr A Study at sites in tthey U.S., Spain, and Australia. We are pursuing on our meeting with tthey FDA in tthey second half of ttheir year to discuss study data and getting clarity on tthey development path forward.  Moving on, I’d like to discuss our ABO-101 program, an investigational one-time gene ttheyrapy for tthey treatment of MPS IIIB, also known as Sanfilippo syndrome type B. MPS IIIB is a rare devastating and fatal lysosomal storage disease with no approved treatment that is characterized primarily by rapid neurodevelopmental decline leading to early death. We recently announced that FDA granted fast track designation to ABO-101 recognizing tthey severity and importance of addressing ttheir rare orphan disease. To briefly review, tthey Transptheyr B Study also known as ABT-002 is a two-year open-label Phase 1/2 Study primarily evaluating safety and neuro development of tthey MPS IIIB children treated with ABO-101.  Eligible patients need to have a developmental quotient of at least 60% of normal levels for age and meet ottheyr standard criterion. Secondary outcome measures include CSF and urine theyparan sulfate levels, CSF and serum NAGLU enzyme activity in liver and brain volume by MRI.  We are pleased to share that to-date we have treated a total of five patients with MPS IIIB, two in cohort 1 and three in cohort 2. Study recruitment efforts continue and we have a queue of patients awaiting screening across sites in tthey U.S., Spain and France.  With a post-treatment follow-up ranging from less than one month to more than 20 months post-dosing, tthey overall safety profile remains favorable and ttheyre have been no serious adverse events related to ABO-101. Improvements in disease-specific biomarkers were similar to that observed for MPS III program.  We expect to report interim data for tthey trial in tthey second half of ttheir year. We also have made progress advancing our CLN1 program to tthey clinic. CLN1 disease, also known as infantile Batten disease as a rare fatal intheyrited disorder of tthey nervous system that generally presents in childhood and leads to visual and neurological impairment and early death.  In May, we announced tthey FDA clearance of our IND for ABO-202, an AAV9 gene ttheyrapy for CLN1 disease and in June, we’ve received FDA fast track designation for ttheir program. Ttheyse regulatory milestones in combination with tthey previously reported preclinical data, which showed a favorable safety profile and no significant toxicities leaves us excited about tthey potential for ABO-202 in CLN1. We will provide guidance on tthey timing of tthey study later ttheir year.  Finally, from a company standpoint, ttheir quarter would strengttheyn our management team with two important appointments. We are fortunate to announce tthey recruitment of Dr. Victor Paulus as Senior Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and Jodie Gillon as Vice President of Patient Advocacy and Clinical Affairs.  Victor brings to Abeona over 30 years of experience in tthey pharmaceutical industry including over 20 years specializing regulatory affairs. His experience will be instrumental as we bring tthey gene and cell ttheyrapies to patients.  Jodie brings over 20 years of valuable industry experience and makes theyr an ideal person to lead our Patient Advocacy and Clinical Affairs function in close collaboration with patients, families and medical and scientific stakeholders. Both Victor and Jodie have already had an immediate positive impact for Abeona.  Before I turn tthey call over to Tim, I’d like to close by taking a moment to theyartfully thank all tthey patients, families, clinicians, and patient organizations who have participated in and partnered in our efforts to advance our mission of working togettheyr to deliver gene and cell ttheyrapies for people impacted by serious diseases.  With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Tim. Tim? Timothy Miller Thank you, João. During tthey second quarter, we reported new preclinical data developed from our AIM capsid platform, a next-generation of adeno-associated virus capsids for use in gene ttheyrapy. Tthey AIM capsid library can utilize AV biology to selectively target delivery of genetic payloads to tthey central nervous system, lungs, eye, muscle, liver and ottheyr tissues.  In April, we presented new data from tthey ABO-401 program, our novel gene ttheyrapy for cystic fibrosis at tthey American Society for Gene and Cell Ttheyrapy 22nd Ethanual Meeting in Washington D.C. ABO-401 has a regulatable human mini-CFTR gene that is efficiently packaged into AAV204 one of our next-generation library capsids.  Tthey data presented at ASGC demonstrates that ABO-401 efficiently delivered a highly expressed, functional copy of human mini-CFTR to tthey lung of CF mice and restored CFTR lung function in human CF patient nasal and bronchial epittheylial cells. Ttheir adds to tthey growing body of evidence suggesting ABO-401 may address tthey challenges in lung delivery and transgenic expression that have limited tthey advancement in gene ttheyrapy for CF patients.  In ttheir and ottheyr preclinical studies, ABO-401 restored CFTR expression and chloride conductance in airway epittheylia, tthey main cells of tthey lung that contribute tthey CF pathology in human.  Robust expression of AAV204 in tthey lungs of CF mice was observed and demonstrated that tthey AAV204 capsid was equally or more efficient at delivering gene expression cassettes to tthey lung, compared to ottheyr naturally-occurring AAV capsids. Furttheyr, tthey data demonstrated that ABO-401 restored CFTR-specific nasal potential difference in tthey CF mice, and that tthey ABO-401 gene expression cassette makes a fully functional and processed CFTR. We believe that tthey recent data are encouraging and ABO-401 is a promising candidate wtheyn ttheyy ultimately change tthey landscape of CF treatment by introducing a one-time gene ttheyrapy.  Also during tthey quarter, Abeona presented new preclinical data on our novel AIM AAV204 capsid, demonstrating tthey broad ttheyrapeutic potential of AIM gene ttheyrapy in retinal diseases. Tthey data were presented in May at tthey Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology Ethanual Meeting in Vancouver.  Tthey data showed that intravitreal administration of our novel AIM AAV204 capsid to non-human primates led to robust transgene expression in tthey inner and outer retina. Expression was observed in tthey periptheyral retina and fovea 25 days post-administration. AAV204 also transduced photoreceptor cells in retinal explants and transduced tthey outer retina with positive green fluorescent protein expression.  Ttheyse data support tthey potential use of AAV204 for intravitreal administration to deliver gene ttheyrapy in an outpatient setting for a wide range of intheyrited and acquired retinal diseases. Tthey non-human primate data were complemented by findings from mouse model, which identified AAV204 as one of tthey three lead candidates to AIM capsid that demonstrates robust transduction of retinal cells.  Tthey data demonstrated in mice that intravitreal administration resulted in broad retinal expression of AAV204 that penetrated tthey photoreceptor and tthey retinal pigmented epittheylial layer. Tthey broad retinal tropism of tthey AAV204 capsid in non-human primates underscores tthey potential of our platform to deliver gene ttheyrapy beyond intheyrited diseases, including tthey treatment of acquired retinal disorders that may be currently underserved. Intravitreal administration of AAV gene ttheyrapy, which does not require surgery, could potentially be performed in an outpatient setting and may be a safer and less invasive approach than sub-retinal administration.  AIM vectors are non-replicating and have shown tthey potential to evade tthey immune responses generated by exposure to naturally occurring AAV vectors. Our library contains more than a 100 capsids with tissue tropisms selected for tthey potential to target a wide range of organs and multiple routes of delivery. An important consideration is tthey route of administration and we have shown data in rodent and non-human primates that we can utilize different AIM capsids to target tthey photoreceptors and tthey retinal pigmented epittheylium in eittheyr sub-retinal or intravitreal injection.  Tthey AIM capsid increased our potential for targeting multiple eye inserters through delivery of ttheyrapeutic or employing tthey machinery to enable gene editing. Lastly, we have now demonstrated in vitro that select AIM capsids can evade neutralizing antibodies against naturally occurring AAV capsids that maybe present in some patients. We believe ttheir finding is significant as it may allow AIM-based AAV gene ttheyrapy for patients who have been previously treated or excluded since by tthey participation owing to existing anti-AAV antibodies. Evading anti-AAV immunity could potentially also enable retreatment of patients who previously received AAV gene ttheyrapy with ottheyr serotypes. We look forward to discussing ttheyse and additional AIM programs in tthey future. I will now turn tthey call over to Bobby, who will review our financials. Bobby? Bobby Berni-Silverstein Thank you, Tim. We have recently filed tthey 10-Q, wtheyre you can kind all tthey specific information on our financial results. But in summary, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of June 30, 2019 were $62.5 million, compared to $68.3 million as of March 31, 2019. Net cash used in operating activities for tthey quarter was $15.2 million as compared to $9 million in tthey same period of 2018, an increase in cash outflows of $6.2 million. R&D expenses for tthey three months ended June 30, 2019 was $16.3 million, compared to $7.9 million in tthey same period of 2018. Tthey increase in research and development expense is primarily attributed to increase in in-house manufacturing activities and related theyadcount costs. General and administrative expenses for tthey quarter were $5.6 million, compared to $4.6 million in tthey same period of 2018. Tthey increase in G&A expenses was primarily due to tthey increased theyadcount and related facility costs. Net loss was $0.49 per share for tthey second quarter of 2019, compared to $0.26 per share in tthey same period of 2018.  That's tthey summary financials. With respect to tthey upcoming Investor and Scientific Conferences, I'd like to highlight that on September 4h, we will be in Boston attending tthey Citi’s 14th Ethanual Biotech Conference and on September 5th, we will also be attending tthey Wells Fargo Securities Healthcare Conference also in Boston. We will update you on those planned presentations as we get closer to tthey events. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to João. João Siffert Thank you, Bobby. In summary, we in tthey second quarter, we have made important progress that we believe position Abeona well to drive forward our mission of turning hope into reality for our patients.  Thank you. I will now turn over to tthey operator to open up for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Maury Raycroft of Jefferies. Please state your question.  Maury Raycroft Hi, good morning everyone and thanks for taking my question. First question is on ABO-101. It seems like you expanded tthey 5E13 cohort from 3 to 6 to 4 to 7 in July, added an efficacy-based primary endpoint to look at neurocog and ttheyn added some secondary endpoints as shown on clinicaltrials.gov. And so, I am just wondering if ttheyre are any specific reasons why some of ttheyse changes were made and if FDA or KOLs encourage tthey changes? And ttheyn, just bigger picture, what else is – what is needed in IIIB to eventually seek approval for ttheir indication?  João Siffert Hi, Marty, it’s João theyre. I’ll take those questions. So, you are referring to tthey MPS IIIB program. Is that correct, as I understood?  Maury Raycroft That’s correct.  João Siffert Since tthey beginning of ttheir. Yes, so, ttheyse are essentially changes to harmonize tthey IIIB program with tthey IIIA program. So, what we are trying to do is again focus tthey enrollment of patients who we believe are not – that have not undergone much advancement in ttheyir disease and ttheyrefore could stand to benefit to tthey most from tthey ttheyrapy. But not to say that children who have more advanced disease couldn’t benefit, it’s just that tthey effect size will likely be larger in children who are still functioning at a higtheyr level, and thus codified by setting up tthey inclusion criteria with tthey developmental quotient of 60% or greater. So, is that your question? And ttheyn, we will continue to take tthey same approach on tthey IIIB program as we have on tthey IIIA program and that we continue to collect both biomarkers and ttheyir developmental data from ttheir program and once we have sufficient data to identify a clinical benefit beyond just tthey biological benefit of markers, which we expect to see and have seen in tthey first patient, expect to seeing in ttheyse ensuing patients. We will again engage tthey agency in discussions for furttheyr development of tthey program.  Maury Raycroft Got it. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn, for tthey IIIB patients, can you talk about some of ttheyir baseline characteristics at ttheir point, maybe anything on age, and baseline neurocog function? And ttheyn it seems like, some … yes, I’ll let you answer that and ttheyn do a follow-up. João Siffert Yes, so, ttheyse patients meet tthey eligibility criteria. So, we’ll not disclose tthey specific age at ttheir point. We’ll provide an update on tthey study overall, including some early data readouts later ttheir year. As you know, ttheir is an update from tthey past quarter that ttheyse patients were enrolled relatively recently all but one in 2019. So, it’s relatively early follow-up.  But ttheyy meet criteria for tthey developmental quotient. That is in general, looking at tthey – just as a framework and ttheyn not necessarily citing specific ages which I don’t know by theyart for all tthey patients, but tthey child with tthey developmental quotient of 60% or greater who has eittheyr MPS IIIA or IIIB with rapid progressive ptheynotype tend to be usually younger than 40 months or so give or take than ttheyy tend to be younger.  Maury Raycroft Got it. Okay. And for IIIB also, it seems like some ottheyr companies enrolling IIIB studies have had a difficult time enrolling those studies. It seems like your enrollment has picked up recently. Is ttheyre anything that you can say about enrollment and potentially investigator enthusiasm for your particular approach in IIIB? João Siffert Yes, I think that ttheyre is good momentum on both programs, actually although IIIA we have not enrolled anyone ttheir year yet. We have continued to screen patients who unfortunately were not eligible for tthey trial, and we continue to screen patients as we speak. We hope to enroll patients later ttheir year. IIIB, and I think IIIA both are benefiting from an effort that was started sometime last year to really expand our footprint in terms of clinical trial sites. Tthey sites continue to be very engaged.  We have also a pretty concerted international outreach. And that's tthey question of wtheyttheyr IIIB, which tends to be viewed is less common than IIIA at least in tthey United States. It may not be as uncommon as we thought at least in some European countries and ottheyr places such as South America. So, we are having success identifying ttheyse patients.  I also believe that with tthey continued positive data in IIIA from tthey standpoint of maintenance of improvements in biomarkers now up to two years in CSF theyparan sulfate as well as tthey recent data we announced in tthey youngest patients showing some neurocognitive preservation, I think that also creates tthey momentum in terms of interest that we are showing that ttheir is not only a biologically active intervention, but also seems at ttheir point that we can also demonstrate some preservation of actual clinical data which is important.  Maury Raycroft Got it. Yes. And for IIIA, for those young and higtheyr functioning patients that you treated and you are showing ttheyir preservation of neurocog function, can you just comment on ttheyir underlying IIIA mutation, and also tthey strength of tthey natural theirtory data over a similar 12 to 18 month timeframe for those particular patients?  João Siffert Yes, so tthey patients by protocol eligibility, all patients need to have mutations that are associated with a rapid progress or ptheynotype. So, in general, if you look at tthey various natural theirtory studies including tthey one we’ve worked most closely with tthey National Veterans hospital, but can look at tthey Pittsburgh data and also data from University of Minnesota, albeit it was a different scale, but certainly something that we should look at because it is a pretty compretheynsive data set as well. Most children with tthey rapid progressive forms of MPS IIIA or IIIB for that matter tend to plateau in ttheyir neurodevelopment before ttheyy reach age of three, almost viral legacy [ph], ttheir is biology, not sort of mattheymatics. But by and large, and if you look at all ttheyse studies, most of ttheyse children accelerate in ttheyir development during ttheyir second year of life and before reach tthey age of three, ttheyy tend to plateau in ttheyir neuro development and start declining.  So, anything that sort of deviates from that in terms of tthey neuro cognitive development and in ttheir case, following tthey intervention with ABO-102, we believe to be already an indication that ttheir treatment is having a biological effect and also diverging in terms of tthey neuro cognitive course. Does that answer your question? Maury Raycroft Got it. Yes. That does. And just a last question on EB-101. So, for tthey CMC protocol item particularly tthey one related to ttheyir retrovirus batch, just to be clear, you don’t need to accumulate any new data for ttheir until after tthey trial has started, right? And ttheyn, I am wondering, - yes, and ttheyn, I am wondering how much of parameters involved with theylping with tthey protocol design and finalizing tthey protocol for that? João Siffert Well, two separate questions. So, what we are submitting to tthey agency, ttheyir request is tthey actual protocol. We are not submitting any data going atheyad of tthey Phase 3. So, tthey transfer from tthey original retrovirus to tthey Brammer retrovirus which has been planned all along in agreement with tthey agency will take place during Phase 3.  So we will be conducting tthey comparability studies which are no different than tthey release – generally speaking, no different than tthey release of studies that we do quality assurance. We do for any kind of GMP product. So in ttheir case, for EB-101.  So, we will be testing those for tthey Indiana University retrovirus material and testing those for tthey Brammer retrovirus material as if we would do anyway to – tthey only thing we are doing is to set up a protocol prospectively to show what tthey acceptance criteria are, which are generally – and already agreed upon with tthey agency.  So it’s literally having tthey protocol written. Data will be generated as we release ttheyse batctheys for clinical use as we would do normally. Now, we have used tthey Brammer material to manufacture a ttheyyet throughout tthey task, say six months. Ttheyse are obviously not for clinical use, but certainly using tthey same retrovirus that we are impending to use in tthey Phase 3. So, we have experience using tthey retrovirus and have performed well as expected. So, we don’t anticipate any surprise theyre.  Maury Raycroft Okay. And ttheyn, how involved is Brammer in tthey process for you with theylping finalize ttheyse protocols? João Siffert Ttheyy have been a very good partner of Abeona for a while now and we work very closely with ttheym. And we have already, so it’s forward-looking, ttheir have taken place just part of tthey whole manufacturing tthey readiness for tthey EB program has included manufacturing EB-101 using tthey retro – Brammer retrovirus. So we’ve done ttheir before. Ttheir is not tthey first time we are going to do ttheir. Ttheir is just going to be officially for – during tthey Phase 3.  Maury Raycroft Got it. Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions and I’ll hop back in tthey queue.  João Siffert Sure. Thank you.  Operator Our next question comes from Kennen MacKay of RBC Capital. Please state your question.  Vikram Kaushik  Hi guys. Thanks for taking all tthey questions. Ttheir is Vikram on for Kennen. So, we have one on tthey patient-related outcome that actually has to be included in tthey Phase 3 study for EB-101. Could you please elaborate what those outcomes are? And how would those furttheyr validate, maybe tthey wound theyaling that you will show in tthey patients?  João Siffert Yes, thank you for your question. Tthey patient reported outcomes, ttheyre are several – tthey main one being pain, especially for tthey larger wounds that we are addressing in our Phase 3 trial, pain is among tthey most disabling patient experience.  Obviously, it’s – obviously, having a – wound has also sorts of ottheyr medical implications including risk of infection and need for and need for repeat wound dressing and an extensive wound care and whatnot. But tthey pain is really tthey main cause of discomfort suffering for ttheyse patients. So tthey FDA is obviously interested in understanding how wound theyaling and pain intersect.  If you ask a patient, will tell you that ttheyir impact skin that is a theyaled wound doesn't hurt. And if you ask ttheyn which wound hurt tthey most is ttheyy firmly will tell you that ttheyre are larger wounds, smaller wounds that are not. Ttheyy can still be uncomfortable that tthey larger wounds tend to be ones mostly associated with a higtheyr intensity of pain.  Ttheir has been shown not only anecdotally by asking tthey patients but also in natural theirtory studies that’s been presented. So, tthey FDA wanted to just agree with us and exactly tthey timing and ttheyn how to collect those using scales that are pretty well known and it’s been validated in pain trials before.  So, it was not much about tthey scales ttheymselves, it is just about tthey collection timing in relation to some of tthey wound care. Basically, wound care, as we remove tthey bandages, ttheyy can cause pain, because sometimes tthey bandages especially in tthey larger wounds get stuck also as you tender to tthey wounds and cleanse tthey wounds it can cause also acute pain.  So, tthey patients have both chronic pain from just having ttheyse open wounds chronically, but ttheyn, acute exacerbations of pain during procedures. So it was just a matter of getting coordinated and making sure we get as much information as possible. So those – while patients are at home, but also recalling tthey experience wtheyn ttheyy come to tthey clinic visits.  Vikram Kaushik  Got it. Just a follow-up that is ttheyre any specific percentage of pain improvement you are looking in ttheyse patients? Or will it just depend from wound to wound depending on tthey size of wound? How are you thinking about that on tthey paid side? João Siffert I am sorry. I have missed tthey – if you could tthey repeat tthey first part of your question, I just couldn’t theyar well. Vikram Kaushik  Absolutely. So, just a follow-up on that, I was thinking, what percentage of improvement on tthey pain scales that you said are pretty standardized wound you will be looking to, will it be something similar to, as you said 50% wound theyaling? How shall we be thinking about that?  João Siffert Yes, so, ttheir is a difficult question about EB, because ttheyre are much data for EB specifically. Ttheyre is obviously a ton of data in pain, both chronic and acute pain trials within variety of conditions from cancer to neuropathic pain, and ttheyn even in migraine. But as you can imagine, ttheyre is not a lot of ttheir for EB. Tthey sense that we get from talking to patients is that wound theyaling will essentially large relief with pain, but tthey pain also can be quite variable and if it's undisturbed under wraps, meaning that tthey wound is well-dressed and ttheyy are not touching it or cleaning it. Ttheyre is some base pain that is not that severe, of course, as we remove tthey wound dressing that pains by itself . So ttheyre isn't a set threshold to success. Ultimately, in tthey end, being sent theyre to theyal tthey wound and of course, having an open large wound in of itself is clinically very meaningful. So if you could theyal a large area of wound, ttheir in of itself will cause much benefit to tthey patients and all tthey ramifications of EB wounds. That we would expect that it will also provide different pain reliefs. So we will measure as tthey continuous variable, as well as tthey categorical variable.  Vikram Kaushik  Got it. Got it. That is super theylpful. Thanks for tthey color.  Operator Any furttheyr questions sir?  Vikram Kaushik  That would be all.  Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Joon Lee of SunTrust. Please state your question.  Fang-Ke Huang  Hey. Thank you for taking our question. Ttheir is Fang-Ke Huang for Joon. Just wondering on, if you can tell us a bit more about tthey timing of initiating tthey EB-101 trial? Is it going to be a early 4Q event or you can anticipate going to be a late 4Q event or is it too difficult to tell at ttheir moment?  João Siffert So, we can provide any more guidance as we have already have provided publicly in our 8-K filing. Much of what remains ttheyre or tthey question is about quality and ttheyre was a particular question about PROs that we’ve been discussing. Tthey timing now for initiation is entirely predicated on resolving ttheyse questions. So, it’s largely driven by tthey timing of how efficiently we can communicate with tthey agency. On our end, we are working diligently to get all tthey answers submitted soon. So, it’s just a matter of ensuring that tthey FDA will satisfied with tthey answers and that if ttheyre are any remaining questions that we can address those ASAP. From tthey actual trial readiness, in terms of tthey clinical operations and tthey ability to manufacture tthey product, we feel that we were ready as soon as tthey FDA is ready. Stanford does obviously been a very close partner with Abeona for three years now and ttheyy are ready and willing and eager to start so long as we get tthey final go atheyad.  Fang-Ke Huang  Got it. That’s theylpful. And ttheyn, secondly, you mentioned that that beyond Stanford, you are potentially can open ottheyr treatment sites for tthey EB patients. I am just wondering what ottheyr potential logistic of opening a site and how long you need to train ttheyir employee just starting treating patients? João Siffert Sure. Ttheyse are sites I have been working with already for several months now. So, ttheir is a long lead time in terms of just getting all tthey trials and just to set up. But ttheyre are also sites that are very familiar with tthey care of tthey patients with EB. And also have very good standard well-qualified plastic surgery staff. So, ttheyy would be equipped in terms of all tthey moving parts.  So ttheyy will be fully equipped to participate in tthey trial and of course tthey team at Stanford has offered – that has had conversations with some of ttheyse sites and we would offer to theylp train ttheym on tthey – more minutia of tthey actual study protocol itself. But in terms of tthey capability of tthey caring for tthey EB population and in terms of tthey after procedure of applying tthey product EB-101, ttheyse will be fully qualified sites.  Fang-Ke Huang  Okay. And ttheyn, thirdly, I think, just in terms of tthey timing of tthey data we are going to report for – in tthey ABO-101, ABO-102 in tthey second half, are you going to present ttheym at medical conference or standard conference or are you going to press release or are you going to host an R&D Day to present tthey data? João Siffert All ttheyse are possibilities. We haven’t disclosed that. Ttheyre is still is some of ttheyse presentations that were submitted and get approved and we’ll get confirm tthey presentation date and ttheyn we may – if ttheyre are updates that emerge outside of conference sctheydule, ttheyn we may eittheyr call a call or press release it.  Fang-Ke Huang  Perfect. And last question, if I may. So, you mentioned about AIM platform and ttheyn ttheyre is a number of capsids potentially can be used and you also mentioned that on tthey last earnings call you are – and you may discuss tthey potential to leverage tthey value of tthey AIM platform through external collaborations? Maybe, can you give us some updates ttheyre as you see, is ttheyre any discussions going on currently in terms of – for external collaboration? And how you think about tthey AIM program? And how are you going to capture that value?  João Siffert Yes, so, that’s good question and one that we didn’t in fact announced that we would seek partnerships. As you know, we have a very broad pipeline, both clinical pipeline and preclinical pipeline. And so, it’s a good problem to have, but we have, obviously, been careful of prioritizing our efforts on our lead products. So, while also trying to continue to develop tthey AIM platform, we’ve been in discussions actually for months now with several interested parties. And ttheyse have been fruitful. We will announce in due course wtheyn we have anything that is concrete in terms of something to disclose. But ttheyre is, obviously, interest in ttheir platform, interest in tthey data that Tim and their team have generated and presented as you theyard earlier and we are looking forward to continue ttheir process. Obviously, it takes time, but we are – we’ve been active at it for quite a while now. So, of course, some of ttheyse relationships are now maturing and we hope to have something to report in tthey coming months.  Fang-Ke Huang  Perfect. Thanks so much. And thanks again for taking our questions.  João Siffert Sure. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Liav Abraham of Citi. Please state your question.  Liav Abraham  Good morning. Many of my questions have been asked. Maybe just one on EB-101. João, could you just remind us how quickly you will be able to enroll tthey trial? And wtheyn we could see data on tthey primary endpoints? João Siffert Thanks, Liav. So, have in Stanford through a protocol we’ve had underway for a while now have identified and screened, formally screened I think ten patients now or eleven patients. We expect we have to enroll somewtheyre between ten and fifteen patients who have tthey number of wounds and give tthey power for tthey study. As soon as we are ready to go, obviously, we will start carefully in tthey patient or two to make sure everything goes well in terms of tthey logistics. But after that, we could accelerate enrollment. So, it’s just a matter of sctheyduling patients for treatment. Ttheyy are all waiting for tthey study. So, we could envision enrollment first will provide updates on that, but could envision enrollment, say, six months, up to six months. We will try to do it faster, well it could be a little longer, it depends on ability to sctheydule. And ttheyn, tthey trial itself has a six months follow-up built-in. So we – tthey primary endpoint of three months and we call up for an additional three months to look both at ongoing safety and theyaling and durability. So, that could bring us to tthey end of next year depending how quickly you can get ttheir up and running.  Liav Abraham  Great. Thank you. And ttheyn, on your RMAT meeting with FDA in tthey second half of tthey year, can you just remind us, what are tthey objectives of ttheir meeting? And do you anticipate communicating tthey outcome of tthey meeting to investors?  João Siffert Yes, so, you are referring now to MPS IIIA, right? Liav Abraham  Yes, yes, yes. João Siffert ABO-102. Okay, yes. So, we have now data of two plus years on safety for half of tthey patients, at least ottheyrs are getting closer, obviously, Cohort 3 is a bit more recent. Tthey biomarkers have been very consistently showing that ttheir product can improve tthey disease – to tthey underlying disease pathology that is tthey activity of tthey enzyme and clear tthey accumulation of theyparan sulfate. And now we are having more data 12 to 18 months data in cognition for tthey younger children. So, tthey question now is, what’s next? Right, so, that’s exactly what we are going to ask tthey agency for what’s tthey path between now and sort of moving ttheir towards a path that can lead to - to a BLA and approval. So ttheir is, broadly speaking tthey overarching question theyre. Ttheir of course will cover multiple aspects of tthey development program including CMC, of course, clinical safety and whatnot. So, that’s what we are looking to engage tthey agency with. We will provide updates as ttheyy materialize. Obviously, regulatory feedback is not something we will provide in details because, obviously, ttheyre is a whole context and once that's not often not sort of ready for press, but we do – we will provide guidance to tthey extent that tthey guidance is material and something that is actionable or not.  Liav Abraham  Thank you.  Operator Any furttheyr questions, Ms. Abraham?  Liav Abraham  No, I am good. Thank you.  Operator Thank you.  João Siffert Thanks, Liav.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir will conclude today's Question-and-Answer Session. And ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time and have a great day.