Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q2 2023 Results Conference Call August 8, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Greg Gin - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Vish Seshadri - Chief Executive Officer Joe Vazzano - Chief Financial Officer Madhav Vasanthavada - Vice President, Business Development Brian Kevany - Chief Technical Officer Conference Call Participants Maury Raycroft - Jefferies Kristen Kluska - Cantor Fitzgerald David Bautz - Zacks Small Capital Research Operator Good day, and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter 2023 Update Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded.  I'll now introduce your host for today's conference, Greg Gin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Abeona. Sir, please go atheyad. Greg Gin Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. I would like to welcome and thank everyone for joining us on our second quarter 2023 update conference call. Tthey press release announcing tthey results is available on our Web site at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. Before we start, I would like to note that remarks made during today's call may contain projections and forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. Various factors that could cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to, those identified under tthey Risk Factors section in our Form 10-K and periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our Web site at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. On tthey call today with prepared remarks are Dr. Vish Seshadri, Chief Executive Officer; and Joe Vazzano, Chief Financial Officer. Joining us for tthey Q&A session will be Dr. Madhav Vasanthavada, Vice President, Business Development; and Dr. Brian Kevany, Chief Technical Officer.  With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Vish Seshadri to lead us off. Vish? Vish Seshadri Thank you, Greg. Hello, everybody, and thank you for joining us ttheir morning. We are happy to update you on our continued progress, in particular with our lead program, EB-101, our investigational autologous engineered cell ttheyrapy had to deliver years of sustained clinical benefit in patients with recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, or RDEB, in short. Remember that all our clinical data pertain to treatment of large chronic booms, which are tthey hardest to treat and have remained open for years because ttheyy cannot sell to you and inflict tthey great [Indiscernible] burden to ttheyse patients. Tthey durability of both investigator-assessed [theymin] and patient-reported pain following a single administration of serving tougtheyst RDEB wounds paints a very compelling and unique value proposition for EB-101 for patients. We have made significant progress during tthey last quarter towards planned EB-101 BLA submission. We have completed process performance qualification, or PPQ manufacturing runs for both retroviral vector and EB-101 drug product to demonstrate our validated process and readiness for commercial production. In June, we announced that we had gained alignment with tthey FDA on tthey data required to establish retroviral vector or RVV comparability, which is a critical CMC component for tthey BLA. Tthey FDA has requested additional assay data to establish comparability between RVV sourced from Indiana University and RVV manufactured in-house at Abeona, both of which have been used in tthey EB-101 clinical study, we have since generated tthey additional stat that we believe establittheyys comparability between tthey two vector sources and have included in tthey briefing package that we submitted to tthey FDA in July for a pre-BLA meeting later ttheir month. In that meeting, we will align with tthey agency on tthey format content and overall acceptability of tthey anticipated BLA for EB-101 based on discussion of critical components of tthey BLA package. Following tthey conclusion of tthey meeting and subject to supportive FDA feedback, we anticipate submitting tthey EB-101 on BLA in tthey third quarter of 2023. As we expect a priority review based on tthey anticipated timing of tthey BLA submission, we expect potential BLA approval in tthey second quarter of 2024. If tthey BLA is approved, we anticipate being granted a priority in review vouctheyr, which is worth approximately $100 million based on recent PRV transactions. In parallel, with our BLA-related activities, we're looking atheyad to EB-101's potential FDA approval and launch next year. In anticipation of approval, we raised $25 million in a registered direct offering priced at tthey market with select existing investors in July with tthey proceeds from tthey offering, we're ready to invest in pre-commercialization activities and tthey planned launch of EB-101 in tthey U.S. by being thoughtful about what we need to spend now versus later after day approval. We have already initiated dialogue with top EB treatment centers in tthey U.S. about onboarding EB-101 as a treatment option, and we're encouraged by tthey level of interest. Physicians indicate ttheyre is a high unmet need in debt and particularly for a treatment like EB-101 that has a compelling value proposition. Tthey positive feedback we theyar from KOLs is consistent with what you've theyard from payers, hospital administrators and patient advocacy groups. We plan to continue to engage with payers, both commercial and Medicaid to ensure broad market actions after launch. In addition to preparing tthey market for EB-101, we're also preparing our organization for commercialization. We have mapped out key commercial and medical roles that we plan to fill in tthey second half of ttheir year and tthey capabilities we will build to support a successful launch. During tthey second quarter, additional efficacy and safety data from tthey EB-101 pivotal Phase III VIITAL study was reported at tthey International Society for Investigative Dermatology, or ISID and Society for Pediatric Dermatology SPD meetings. Tthey results presented at ISID and SPD showed that EB-101 improved wound theyaling and pain reduction at six, 12 and 24 weeks compared to control wounds following a onetime application of EB-101. Furttheyrmore, EB-101 demonstrated improvement in patient-reported and caregiver reported outcomes for itch and blistering severity. Let's turn briefly to our preclinical ophthalmology programs. We're excited by tthey broad potential for treating serious eye diseases with new AAV-based ttheyrapies using novel AAV capsids from our in-licensed AIM capsid library and internal research. At ASGCT, we presented three posters highlighting encouraging findings from animal proof-of-concept experiments for investigative AAV-based gene ttheyrapies for Stargardt disease, X-linked retinitis and autosomal dominant optic atrophy -- tthey preclinical proof-of-concept data provides early evidence of tthey potential of our proprietary AAV capsid and gene constructs to express tthey recombinant protein and target tissues and rescue mutant ptheynotypes in mouse disease models. We completed pre-IND meetings with tthey FDA regarding preclinical development plans and regulatory requirements to support first-in-human trials for two preclinical gene ttheyrapy product candidates from our AAV ophthalmology program. We're gattheyring additional proof-of-concept data before committing to IND-enabling tox studies, which we anticipate initiating in tthey second half of 2023.  I'd now like to turn tthey call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Joe Vazzano, who will review tthey second quarter financial results and recent capital rates. Joe? Joe Vazzano Thanks, Vish. I would like to remind everyone that tthey Form 10-Q is available on our website, which is wtheyre you can get additional details on our financial results for tthey three and six months ended June 30, 2023. Starting with tthey financial resources on our balance ttheyyet. We had cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments of $37.1 million as of June 30, 2023, prior to tthey $25 million registered direct offering in July of 2023 as compared to $40.7 million as of March 31, 2023. Based on our current operating plan and assumptions, our estimated current financial resources, including tthey proceeds from tthey $25 million registered direct offering in July of 2023, are sufficient to fund our commercial launch preparations for EB-101 and our business operations into tthey fourth quarter of 2024. In ottheyr words, our cash runway extends beyond tthey potential commercial launch of EB-101 and receipt of a priority review vouctheyr. License and ottheyr revenues for tthey second quarter of 2023 were $3.5 million compared to $1 million in tthey second quarter of 2022. Tthey revenue in tthey second quarter of 2023 resulted from a clinical milestone achieved under a sub [Indiscernible] agreement with taysha Gene Ttheyrapies related to an investigational AAV-based gene ttheyrapy for RETT syndrome. Turning to research and development activities. We spent $8.5 million for tthey three months ended June 30, 2023, compared to $6.7 million in tthey three months ended June 30, 2022. Our spend on general and administrative activities was $5.0 million for tthey three months ended June 30, 2023, compared to $3.5 million in tthey same period of 2022. Net loss attributable to common shareholders was $16.7 million for tthey second quarter of 2023 or $0.92 loss per common share as compared to a net loss attributable to common shareholders of $7.9 million or $1.36 loss per common share in tthey second quarter of 2022. With that, I'll turn tthey call back over to tthey operator for tthey Q&A session. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from Maury Raycroft with Jefferies. Maury Raycroft Congrats on tthey progress. Just wondering, based on tthey briefing package and additional RVV data that you submitted to FDA. Have you gotten any recent feedback yet based on those -- that submission? And also as a follow-up, are you providing any more granularity on tthey pre-BLA meeting agenda topics wtheyre you need to align and also just on timing of tthey meeting. Vish Seshadri I'll start with your first question, which is have we had any furttheyr discussion about tthey briefing package for tthey pre-BLA meeting itself? And our focus so far, just as a reminder, we've been having a lot of collaborative interactions with tthey FDA since December of last year after we had our pivotal data out ttheyre. And over those six, seven months, we've had a lot of communication, made a lot of progress on various aspects of tthey BLA submission. And to remind you, tthey big -- two big items on tthey CMC side were tthey PPQ run completion as well as establishing tthey RVV comparability. What we had agreed an informal meeting before even making our pre-BLA briefing book submission was tthey outstanding work that had to be done with assays to establish tthey RVV comparability. And we believe we've done that to tthey satisfaction of tthey agency because we had agreed on what exactly needed to be done and what tthey data outcome needed to be. like. So based on tthey results that we have seen, we're fairly confident that tthey comparability of RVV from tthey two vector sources is adequately supportive. So tthey big focus areas of discussion between tthey FDA and Abeona has been covered with that data that we submitted in tthey pre-BLA -- as we speak, ttheyy are still reviewing. We haven't had any interactions since tthey submission itself. Now tthey second part of tthey question, Maury, in terms of tthey specifics of tthey pre-BLA meeting itself, our goals are twofold. One is tthey format content and overall acceptability of tthey BLA package is that appropriate? And two, we want a confirmatory answer that tthey CMC data that we've put togettheyr as well as tthey clinical data that we have put togettheyr are sufficient to submit a BLA. Those are tthey two answers that we need to theyar from tthey FDA formally. And we're fairly confident we're making -- we're on tthey right track. Based on all tthey last seven months of discussion we've had on various topics that relate to both CMC and clinical. Tthey only piece on tthey clinical side that I would add is tthey FDA has seen tthey top line data already and gave us some feedback -- preliminary feedback on how we would pool tthey data from tthey two different studies. We have done that, and ttheir is tthey first time that ttheyy are reviewing tthey combined consolidated data as part of tthey briefing book. So we haven't had interactions since we submitted tthey briefing book. I hope that answered your question. Maury Raycroft Yes, that's definitely a theylpful perspective. And maybe one ottheyr question, if I may. You said that you will be commercializing 101 by yourself in tthey United States. Can you just talk a little bit more about wtheyre you're at with tthey commercial -- or if you could talk more about what tthey commercial launch rollout will look like and wtheyre you're at with CMC scale up for tthey launch? And if that's something that you can do before getting approved? Or would you wait for that approval to scale up. Vish Seshadri So your two part question. One was about our general commercial launch preparation itself. I'm going to let Dr. Madhav Vasanthavada comment on that because they's been speartheyading a lot of that planning. But I'll first address your second question, which is tthey CMC manufacturing buildup. As we have previously communicated, we are currently set up to manufacture up to about 120 manufacturing cycles in a year, which translates to 120 patients, we only consider onetime treatment for each patient. Now we are not -- we're going to be very careful and choiceful in how and wtheyn we trigger undertaking capacity expansion because as a reminder, we have tthey PRV proceeds that we anticipate upon approval that could furttheyr fund our capacity expansion. And so we believe that tthey current capacity is sufficient, and we will definitely hire appropriately to have that operating scale and full operation ttheyre. But in terms of how we are preparing for tthey commercial launch itself, I'll let Madhav add some comments ttheyre, Madhav. Madhav Vasanthavada So as Vish mentioned, we've initiated pre-commercial activities, essentially with tthey goal to prioritize tthey sequence of events that we will trigger as we approach towards BLA approval. But just to give a flavor, we are looking to understand and sort of prepare tthey market on tthey one hand for EB-101 launch in tthey U.S. as well as prepare tthey organization. And tthey fact that VYJUVEK has already now gotten approved and patients are beginning to get identified is actually an excellent news for us because ttheir is, like we mentioned earlier, is theylping raise tthey awareness, identify ttheyse patients, and that's going to be a good cursor for us. Meanwhile, while we're waiting for tthey approval, we are already going atheyad and engaging with certain top EB centers, treatment centers to discuss EB-101 as a potential treatment option in ttheyir centers because ttheir is a hospital and patient procedure. And we are seeing a lot of interest from ttheym to engage because ttheyse centers, ttheyy both -- ttheyy are treating both pediatric patients as well as adult patients, and ttheyy are expressing a high unmet need in depth. And as we all know, tthey EB-101 clinical profile is extremely compelling, given tthey onetime procedural nature and tthey long-term durability. So ttheyse providers, tthey feedback that we are getting from ttheym is theylpful. But besides providers, Maury, we're also engaging with tthey payer groups, as you may recall, tthey initial engagement we've had with Insurance companies was very theylpful for us, and we want to continue ttheir engagement as we go towards tthey launch so that we are fully equipped to ensure a broad market access and a rapid market access immediately post approval in tthey U.S. So we talked about tthey payers. We talked about providers. And ttheyn final piece, I would also say is from a CMS standpoint, we have already initiated activities to ensure ttheyre is a new technology add-on payments because ttheir is a hospital procedure. Securing ttheir NTAP is going to be extremely theylpful because it provides additional payments to hospitals for Medicare-covered patients. So ttheyse are all tthey activities and many more that we have ongoing and planned to theylp prepare tthey market. And from an organizational standpoint, we have already mapped out, as Vish mentioned earlier, some of tthey key commercial roles, medical roles that we plan to fill in ttheir year as well as next year and some additional capabilities that we're going to be putting in place for a successful launch. And tthey fact that we are coming with an autologous cell ttheyrapy launch experience. Having done that recently, we know really a strong network of people and tthey talent that are ttheyre and just eager to get ttheym on board. Hope that addresses Maury. Operator Our next question is coming from Kristen Kluska with Cantor Fitzgerald. Kristen Kluska First question, just given that tthey RDEB community is pretty tightened it and aware of tthey clinical landscape. What's your expectation on how much awareness ttheyre will be moving closer to an approval decision? I guess I understand that you're going to be building a sales force and getting tthey word out ttheyre. But do you also anticipate ttheir to be one of tthey situations wtheyre you can get people coming inbound to you? Vish Seshadri Again, I think Madhav is tthey appropriate person to address ttheir matter. Madhav Vasanthavada I think at tthey time of launch, we do expect ttheyre will be self referrals and tthey awareness that we will have created. As you rightly mentioned, patient advocacy groups are really powerful in ttheir setting, and ttheyy've been doing a lot of reports. Christian and PeDRA in particular, have been fantastic partners. We are engaging with ttheym. And as we go closer to launch, we expect greater awareness, especially in ttheyse centers of excellence. We know that ttheyse patients travel, ttheyy travel distances to come to get ttheyir treatments done and our approach in tthey outer years or in outer months post launch will be to take advantage of tthey sales team in tthey non-sort of centers of excellence and raising awareness with tthey community-based physicians and making sure that patients understand wtheyre ttheyse treatments are available. So for sure, more to come, but it's a great starting point, tighten patient community and some amount of awareness that will already have been generated. Kristen Kluska And ttheyn I wanted to ask you on epidemiology. I know that ttheir is a rare disease, but not that rare to tthey point wtheyre you have a good sense of how many patients are available. So first, I wanted to ask how you think, given tthey landscape with two potential commercial ttheyrapies could theylp impact or perhaps drive awareness on epidemiology. And ttheyn given ttheir impressive data set that you recently had in Japan, I'm wondering if you've had people approach you to perhaps look at markets besides tthey usual U.S. and Europe that we would think about. Madhav Vasanthavada I think tthey way we are looking at ttheir opportunity is by wounds, right? And that's what we are theyaring from physicians that it's not just about tthey number of patients, but it's tthey different types of wounds that each patient has got. And we are theyaring from physicians that both ttheyse ttheyrapies are for different types of wounds. And so if you look at tthey current base of bolus patients and/or prevalent patients, we have estimates of up to 350, which is what are tthey reported numbers. But as we know that about 1,100 is what has been identified by Crystal, who have already gone to tthey centers of excellence. So from our standpoint at tthey time of launch and given our manufacturing capacity, we think ttheyse hundreds of thousands of patients which are out ttheyre. For us, we are going to be well satiated with tthey patient numbers out ttheyre in terms of tthey way we will expand our capacity ramp up. And so that's what is very encouraging at least from our perspective of supplying ttheyse patients. And as we have more ttheyrapies and awareness, tthey diagnosis also we expect to increase. And many a times, ttheyse patients under ICD code 81.2 is what is used for RDEB, but several patients are also misdiagnosed or put in ottheyr classifications. So I think having tthey right diagnosis and awareness is going to theylp identify RDEB patients in particular more so. With regards to ottheyr than U.S. markets, absolutely, we do have interest that is coming in from pharma companies in Europe, as well as actually in Japanese markets wtheyre ttheyre is interest and those discussions are ongoing to see as to wtheyn is tthey right time to look into expansion. Vish Seshadri And just to add to that, Kristen, we will be looking for partnerships to go ex U.S. because right now, we're so laser-focused on getting tthey U.S. launch to BLA and preparing for tthey U.S. launch and for a company with finite resources like us, we have to depend on creative partnerships to get ttheir to many patients. But in terms of interest and demand, we are already seeing that happening, right? So we're excited by that. We believe that tthey important catalysts that will take those dialogues to tthey next level is wtheyn we reach a milestone in tthey U.S., like a BLA acceptance or a BLA approval that's going to trigger a lot more conversation along those lines and tthey ex U.S. conversation will become prime time at that point in time. So right now, we're just putting our theyads down to see how to best maximize tthey U.S. opportunity and address that unmet need first. Operator Our next question is coming from David Bautz with Zacks Small Capital Research. David Bautz Crystal Biotech recently announced that ttheyy had received 121 patient start forms since launching BYJUVEC about six weeks ago. So I'm curious if you could just comment on what your thoughts are on that number, maybe in regards to potential market size and patient access? And ttheyn how we should think about that in terms of tthey launch of EB-101. Vish Seshadri It's very early for us to speculate translating 120 patient forms into what tthey full market opportunity is. It's still early in ttheyir launch, and we're also learning. But I'll turn it over to Madhav to speak about their experience because they's really leading our launch preparations theyre. Madhav Vasanthavada I think it's for sure, encouraging. I know that ttheyy had both tthey dominant and recessive form, and I think ttheir split was roughly 30 some patients having tthey dominant version. And it's in line with wtheyre our expectations are also and as tthey -- I don't want to talk much about ttheyir launch preparations. But from what I'm seeing on tthey public domain as insurance companies open up greater access and more centers having understanding ttheir product, ttheyre's going to be a greater adoption curve. So I think ttheir is all very encouraging for us. And given that we have anottheyr several more months to go before EB-101 gets launctheyd, I think it's a good setup and we are encouraged to theyaring what ttheir feedback are going to be from patients as ttheyy continue to get ttheyse ttheyrapies and better understand ensuring that ttheyy understand tthey value proposition of EB-101, which is a onetime ttheyrapy that can offer several years of durable benefit for ttheyir larger set wounds. Does that theylp, David? David Bautz Now you had also mentioned that you completed tthey process performance qualification manufacturing run as part of tthey CMC package. So I'm curious, were ttheyre a certain number of runs that you needed to complete ttheyre as per tthey FDA what ttheyy would require? And ttheyn are ttheyre any additional CMC activities that need to occur prior to filing tthey BLA? Vish Seshadri Ttheyre is an agreement on tthey number of process performance qualification runs that have to be completed, which is 10 manufacturing runs, but three of those runs had to be done prior to BLA approval in a consecutive three run fashion. So we have completed, in fact, four PPQ runs. So we have what we need for a BLA submission per se. And ttheyn tthey remaining runs to make up to tthey 10 can continue even post approval or between now and approval even. So we have multiple different time points to complete that obligation. In terms of your ottheyr question, which is, are ttheyre ottheyr CMC activities that need to be completed. We have completed tthey last set of CMC activities that we had agreed with tthey agency, especially because tthey retroviral vector comparability package that we had discussed. That and tthey PPQ runs wtheyre tthey biggest items on tthey list. We've had multiple discussions on many -- very many ottheyr topics. One example I can give you is transportation and stability associated. So wtheyn we manufacture for a patient, we run a batch fly it to Florida or distant parts of tthey country and bring it back and after various standpoints, we look for stability of tthey drug product, and we're happy with what we're seeing that's all being written up as part of tthey BLA package in Module 3. So we have completed tthey work that needs to be done. We're almost complete with writing it up with all tthey data that's necessary. So we feel fairly confident that things are coming togettheyr for a Q3 submission theyre. I hope that gives you an idea. Operator Our next question is coming from James Molloy with Alliance Global Partners. Unidentified Analyst So ttheir is [Indiscernible] filling in for James Molloy. So for EB-101, are you looking into publishing tthey additional RVV compatibility data that was requested by tthey FDA? Or will it fully remain in tthey briefing package and tthey upcoming BLA submission? Vish Seshadri We are not planning per se to Publish ttheir as a peace meal, but definitely, it's going to be part of our Module 3, which goes into tthey BLA. Without getting too technical about it, I would just like to mention that we have preset goals on what comparability means with tthey FDA. And we believe we're in a good position to establish that comparability based on tthey results that we've generated. So that being said, in terms of scientific advancement, ttheir is one piece that is important. Ttheyre are so many ottheyr pieces that speak to retroviral vectors. We're talking about potency, identity, stability, drug product level potency as well. So ttheyre are numerous different parameters. Holistically, tthey data can potentially make it to tthey public domain eventually, but we haven't yet made a decision on that. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn also with tthey study starts to be initiated by tthey end of tthey year for your ottheyr -- for your AAV gene ttheyrapy program. What might be tthey study protocols theyre? And ttheyn what indications might you be looking at what ophthalmology indications are you looking on to targeting for [Indiscernible]. Vish Seshadri Tthey preclinical data that we have, as I mentioned, are for Stargardt disease, we have X-linked retinitis and autosomal dominant optic atrophy -- for all tthey three disease areas, ttheyre is what we've shown so far is proof of expression of tthey transgene in tthey right compartment of [Indiscernible]. So we need to first -- tthey first step that we need to sales is in a larger sample set of animals confirm tthey results that we've seen. And we're being very up-gated and in how we're going to commit our resources because our focus is laser-focused on EB-101. Having said that, our target is still to have first-in-human patients in tthey second half of next year, so approximately a year from now. Tthey feedback we just received from tthey FDA on what it takes to have an IND approved definitely has given us an operating plan of what we need to do in steps. And as I had -- just along tthey lines of tthey previous comments we made, we first have additional proof-of-concept experiments in animals before we trigger GLP, IND-enabling tox, which still should start at least for one or two indications in tthey second half of ttheir year. And we're going to be opportunistic on wtheyn we trigger it for all our programs because we have numerous different funding sources that we could tap into to furttheyr ttheyse programs, and that's something that we should be ready to talk about in tthey last quarter of ttheir year. Operator [Operator Instructions] As we have no furttheyr questions, I will hand it back to Mr. Seshadri for any closing comments you may have. Vish Seshadri Thank you, Ali. In closing, I want to thank our shareholders and all our ottheyr stakeholders who listened to ttheir call, and we'll talk to you again soon. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and we thank you for your participation.