Abeona Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call April 10, 2017 10:00 AM ET Executives Ralph Silverstein - Vice President, Investor Relations Timothy Miller - President & Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Davis - Chief Ooperating Officer Analysts Elemer Piros - Cantor Fitzgerald Jason McCarthy - Maxim Group George Zavoico - JonesTrading Operator Good morning and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc.’s Quarterly Earnings and Business Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Ralph Silverstein, Vice President of Investor Relations at Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Ralph? Ralph Silverstein Thank you. Good morning and welcome everyone. On tthey call today we have Dr. Timothy Miller, President and CEO; and Jeffery Davis, COO of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics. Dr. Miller will begin tthey call with an overview of tthey fourth quarter and more recent highlights and developments at Abeona. After, Jeff will provide additional comments on tthey quarter, a brief overview of summary financials and provide a snap shot of our financial position and review tthey upcoming investor conference calendar. Following that we will open tthey floor up to questions. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce Dr. Timothy Miller. Tim, you have tthey floor. Timothy Miller Thanks Ralph and thanks for everyone for joining us ttheir morning. 2016 and tthey fourth quarter especially were marked by notable achievements and advancements for Abeona and our goals for expanding and building ourselves as a rare disease leading gene ttheyrapy company. We’ve expanded our program pipeline with tthey addition of a clinical stage asset. We reported on positive clinical data in our lead program for Sanfilippo syndrome type A, as well as our programs for Epidermolysis Bullosa, and we’ve achieved multiple regulatory designations in multiple programs. Furttheyrmore, we have stated that we are furttheyr developing our work in tthey library of next generation AAV viral vectors, our AIM viral vector platforms, which we have global exclusive rates with tthey rights to sublicense. To go over some of tthey milestones that we achieved, particularly in tthey clinical domain, we will talk a little bit about our lead program ABO 102, which is a treatment, gene ttheyrapy treatment for tthey patients with Sanfilippo syndrome type A. We have met many of our goals for advancing ttheir lead gene ttheyrapy program, it is tthey only one in tthey clinic in 2016 and currently in 2017 that is enrolling patients for patients with Sanfilippo syndrome. For those that don't know, ttheir is a lysosomal storage disease, ttheyse children have problems with an enzyme in breaking down sugars. 70% of ttheyse children don't reach tthey age 18, and it is rattheyr notable to note that recently ttheyre have been a lot of popularized deaths from children with ttheir disease. Right now, Abeona is tthey only program in tthey world that has a gene ttheyrapy muscles and tthey ottheyr ttheyrapy in development and in clinical trials. Some of tthey regulatory achievements in ttheir program were that tthey EMA or tthey European Medicinal Agency has granted Orphan Drug Designation, and we also received Fast Track designation from tthey FDA from ttheir program, which enables us to file [indiscernible] biologics licensing application. We are already building on tthey granted rare disease Pediatric Designation and tthey Orphan Drug Designation in tthey United States. Tthey significance and of ttheyse designations is not to be really undermined, it is certainly as we look to tthey future going to be theylpful for us looking to file potentially in late 2018. We do have a dosing and complete reporting of tthey low dose cohort, which will be -- some of which will be reported tomorrow at tthey New York Academy of Sciences and ottheyrwise reported at tthey American Society for Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy Conference coming up in May. It is important that we do note that tthey priority review vouctheyr, we are eligible for ttheir program and look forward to updating more as we go forward with our regulatory strategies. We have recently reported positive data from tthey low dose, demonstrating central nervous system and periptheyral organ disease bio-potency. As a review of tthey data that was reported out, we did report out two patients worth of data, although we do have much of tthey third patients dose data to report up soon. ABO 102 is well tolerated in all subjects to date with three low dose and two high dose patients tested. We are through over 750 days of follow-up with no serious adverse events, which is rattheyr remarkable for gene ttheyrapy program as delivered by intravenous delivery. And we have seen a significant reduction in tthey theyparan sulfate, which is tthey actual GAG or glycosaminoglycan in tthey cerebrospinal fluid, over 60% in - over three patients. Continued evidence of bio-potency has been demonstrated with reduced liver and spleen volumes and decreased urinary GAGs, as well as total GAGs. To tthey subject that says that tthey six-month time point showed evidence for stabilization or improvement, an average of 60% over two subjects in multiples - tthey Mullen subdomains, and tthey adaptive behavior ratings on tthey Vineland stabilized. Importantly, subject showed improved ability to complete individual items in tthey Leiter-R non-verbal IQ assessment resulting in improved raw scores. Ttheir is particularly important as ttheyse first three subjects had all been in rewarding tthey Natural History Study and so we had a long term longitudinal data on ttheym able to demonstrate that severe disease progression over tthey ages of 5 to 6, and ttheyn as ttheyy came in for ttheyir baseline visit, ttheyy actually had gone through tthey floor of ttheyir ability to be able to scored. Why ttheir is important is because six months post injection, ttheyse children have improved to a point wtheyre ttheyy could be scored again on ttheyir non-verbal IQ. Looking at, as we go into tthey high dose cohort, wtheyre we are going to be completing tthey enrolment, tthey planned enrolment of three patient at Nationwide Children's Hospital in April, and we will most likely be expanding tthey enrolment eittheyr at ttheir dose or at a higtheyr dose at some point in tthey near future. As important to note that we have – are expanding our enrolments in Spain and Australia, tthey sites are both being initiated in April, so we will be set to screen starting late April or beginning of May, so as we go into tthey end of tthey second quarter, we will be enrolling 2 to 3 patients a month. And we as we start to set some of our enrolment timelines, ttheir is important because we will be moving towards an enrolment goal of 15 patients in tthey next few months, I’m sorry throughout tthey end of 2017. Ttheir is extremely valuable to tthey company as we seek to become a leader in Sanfilippo gene ttheyrapy, but in gene ttheyrapy overall. Our second lead gene ttheyrapy program is in tthey form of autologous keratinocyte corrective gene ttheyrapy for a horrifying disease called epidermolysis bullosa, ottheyrwise known as butterfly skin syndrome and we are treating tthey most severe form of ttheir, tthey recessive dystrophic version. In ttheir program, children come in or adolescents come in or adults come in and ttheyy have a biopsy taken, tthey keratinocytes, which are actual skin cells are taken out and purified and expanded. Using a gene ttheyrapy, ttheyy are corrected, and tthey kids have an underlying deficit of a protein called collagen. Collagen is really tthey zipper that holds your skin onto your body, and because ttheyse patients don't have that ttheyy have ttheyse blistering diseases that open and form chronic wounds that don't theyal for years. We are now partnered with tthey Stanford University, a very large natural theirtory study showing that none of tthey ttheyrapy that have already been tried to date have worked to theylp close ttheyse wounds, including improved dermatologic programs, tthey products. Right now, what we do is, we -- while we go up and make ttheyse ttheyyets -- ttheyy are off tthey size of an iPhone 7 and each subject gets six of ttheym, placed on top of ttheyir wounds. To date, we have - again we have continued to expand our programs with ttheir particular clinical stage asset. We have received EMA Orphan Drug Designation and reported positive Phase 1 clinical results for ABO 101, which are publittheyyd last year in tthey Journal of American Medical Association or JAMA, which highlighted that tthey ttheyrapy was well-tolerated in ttheyse patients and demonstrated clinical efficacy in 67% of tthey theyaled wound in six months, some of which have continued to last 12 months, and importantly has seen biomarker expression of collagen in ttheyse wounds. Ttheir is significant as we look to have regulatory meetings in tthey second and third quarter to talk about registrable endpoints for ttheir program, particularly looking at what will be tthey amount of wound closure and biomarker expression in a one-time point. So accordingly we have treated tthey sixth patient and tthey seventh patient has recently been treated as well. So ttheir is a total of 42 wounds that have been treated, and tthey next steps tthey company anticipates providing a clinical update at tthey upcoming annual meeting in Society for Investigative Dermatology in April 2017. Additional regulatory is we have US Orphan Drug Designation and tthey Rare Pediatric Disease Designation hoping to come in later ttheir year, as well as additional enrolment targets to try and hit 10 to 12 patients by tthey end of tthey year. Next, we have, to talk about is our second Sanfilippo program. So recall that for those that are not very familiar with Sanfilippo syndrome or four types, Type A, B, C, and D.  We are focusing on tthey two most common types, Type A, which is our ABO 102 program and ttheyn we have any ABO 101 program, which is for Sanfilippo syndrome type B. Ttheir is again anottheyr adeno-associated virus gene ttheyrapy program. We have received tthey IND to go atheyad and start tthey clinical trial. And it is on track and we are anticipating that we will theylp patients enrolled in that very soon. Tthey IND has been granted and we will be seeking initial regulatory approval in Europe. Currently, we have two of tthey three necessary steps completed in Europe to start tthey clinical trial ttheyre as well. We have been granted Orphan Drug Designation in Europe and continue to look forward to announcing additional regulatory designations in ttheir program later ttheir year, as well as reporting our later in tthey second half of 2018. Moving on to our Proprietary AIM Vector, so we haven't given a lot of guidance yet on how well we are approaching ttheir AIM Vector program, but it does encompass tthey Vectors that have tissue tropisms from multiple targets, including tthey theymatologic and dermatology phases. We have partnered with University of North Willieina in developing tthey AIM Vector system. That is a novel AAV-based Vector technology that may also target additional tropisms such as muscle tissue, tthey liver and or syndrome nervous system. So, right now we are looking forward to reporting out some data on tthey platform with tthey American Society for Gene Ttheyrapy in collaboration with our partners at tthey University of North Willieina. It is a very exciting program. We are looking forward to how - ttheir is really how we see approach to second generation products for our lead programs, as well as additional de novel or new programs to be brought in-house at Abeona. We do have two additional programs that I will comment on today. We have our Batten disease programs. So Batten disease is anottheyr lysosomal storage disease, so wtheyn you look at tthey top of our pipeline at metabolic and you will see four AAV programs that are all targeting lysosomal storage disease, so tthey Sanfilippo programs are currently clinical stage and tthey Batten disease programs at preclinical, but we anticipate that ttheyse will be clinical stage by tthey end of tthey year. For our juvenile Batten program, which is ABO 201 or tthey CLN3 version of tthey disease, tthey EMA has granted Orphan Drug Designation. We announced preclinical data supporting clinical trials for ABO 201 were publittheyyd in September, tthey Journal of Neuroscience. We have completed a lot of tthey preclinical studies necessary to get into tthey NIDA and conducted a pre-IND meeting last year, which was very successful. Tthey IND enabling studies for ttheir have been initiated and we are engaging in tthey FDA an additional comments. Things are looking very, very good in tthey animals to date, ttheyre is no doubt and things look, unlike ttheyy are on track for ttheir program to be - again tthey IND by tthey end of tthey year. For ABO 202 tthey sealant one version of tthey disease are infantile. We are continuing to advance ttheir towards IND enabling study and we again anticipate that human clinical trials will be commenced by tthey end of tthey year. So it has been a very exciting year and really beginning of tthey year in 2017 for Abeona. Our gene ttheyrapy programs, you have three of ttheym that are clinical stage. Ttheyre are very few companies in tthey world that have actual clinical data in gene ttheyrapy much less a broad enough pipeline. We are setting ourselves up well with tthey inductor platform to enhance our programs and essentially you for any additional programs for use of tthey AIM Vector platform, and look forward to announcing that data at tthey upcoming conferences later on in tthey year. So with that, I’ll turn ttheir over to Jeff Davis to give our fourth quarter and year-end summary financial results, and look forward to answering any questions coming up at tthey end of tthey call. Jeff? Jeffrey Davis Thank you, Tim. In terms of tthey financials, I’ll talk a little bit about some of tthey specifics. Our cash position at tthey end of tthey year, cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2016 was $69.1 million, compared to $31.2 million as of tthey end of September 30, 2016. Tthey net cash used in operating activities for tthey 12 months of 2016 was $13 million, as compared to $10.4 million in tthey same period in 2015, so just a modest increase ttheyre.  Tthey increase in net cash, tthey strengttheyning of our balance ttheyyet occurred in tthey fourth quarter, we closed underwritten public offering of 6 million shares of common stock at an offering price of $7 per share that closed on November 1, 2016 and ttheyn ttheyre was a modest partial exercise of tthey show later in that month that occurred. In terms of revenues, revenues were $256,000 in tthey fourth quarter compared to $215,000 in tthey fourth quarter of 2015, and tthey 12-month revenues were approximately $900,000, compared to approximately $1 million in 2015. Again, ttheyse revenues consisted, mainly a combination of royalties from a marketed product MuGard, which is licensed out in several countries, as well as deferred revenue related to upfront payments from early licensing agreements. Tthey loss per share was $0.19 in tthey fourth quarter, compared to $0.06 in tthey comparable quarter in 2015 and that’s a fairly concise summary of what went on. If anyone has any questions with respect to tthey financials in tthey Form 10-K that was recently filed, feel free to give me a call directly to talk about it. Before summary, I will just talk a little bit about some of tthey upcoming events and conferences. Ttheyse by tthey way, as well as links to our financial statements and our investor presentation can all be found on our website at abeonattheyrapeutics.com. Tomorrow, as Tim alluded to in their prepared talks, we are - we have work to theylp organize, togettheyr with tthey New York Academy of Sciences and Dr. George Zavoico who covers us on tthey sell side research side from JonesTrading theylped organize a really good gene ttheyrapy for rare disease that is happening theyre in Manhattan tomorrow. We have a bunch of key opinion leaders in tthey gene ttheyrapy space, including Dr Kevin Flanigan, tthey principal investigator on our Sanfilippo trial. Dr. Nathan High from Spark Ttheyrapeutics, Dr. Brian Kaspar Nationwide Children’s Hospital, Dr. Barry Byrne from Florida, Dr. John Escolar from tthey Children's Hospital in Pittsburgh, Dr. David Pearce from Sanford Research, Jude Samulski from Bamboo and Pfizer now, as well as Dr. Jakub Tolar from University of Minnesota with whom we are working on some of tthey crisper activities that we are doing. So we look forward to a very full day and an informative day tomorrow theyre in New York. We have a couple ottheyr meetings that were alluded to in tthey call. It is tthey society for investigative dermatology, later. Ttheir is believe around April 6 to 28 wtheyre we believe we will be providing some updates on our EB programs and we have a ASCCT in may wtheyre I think ttheyre will be abstracts on many of our technologies and discussions and presentations ttheyre, as well as a few sort of smaller ones arm and Boston and a few ottheyr things. So, we will be very active in tthey next couple of months with a bunch of conferences wtheyre we hope to be able to provide some updates on our clinical programs and in our preclinical programs as well. So I think I'll turn it back to, well, maybe we can open it up for questions now, and ttheyn Tim will have some closing remarks. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from tthey line of Elemer Piros with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question. Elemer Piros Yes, good morning gentlemen. What I would like to ask qualitatively Tim is tthey data that you would disclose tomorrow versus tthey data that you plan to unveil at ASGCT in May, what will ttheyy be, and what tthey difference between tthey two might be? Timothy Miller Sure. Nice to theyar your voice Elemer as always. So tthey New York Academy of Sciences meeting tomorrow is really more of about gene ttheyrapy in general and many of tthey leaders in tthey field are really going to be discussing multiple parts of ttheyir individual programs. Dr. Flanigan is going to present I think a few pieces of updates for tthey ABO 102 trial, I’d keep talking and comment on tthey CSF/theyparin sulfate which has again continued to maintain its reduction at day 180 through tthey high-dose cohort and ttheyn probably comment on some of tthey urinary GAGs as well, you know we are continuing to process a lot of tthey data that has come out of tthey MRIs, for example, through both tthey natural theirtory study and tthey clinical trial. One of tthey things that we are looking forward to providing a very robust update at some point in tthey near-term future is really, what tthey MRI data has shown us, as well as how we're linking that prospectively towards tthey doses that have been involved in tthey high-dose cohort. So I think that tomorrow you will see some small bit additional bite of tthey apple from CNS, CNS data, as well as some of tthey urinary data, I think that Kevin wants to hold a little bit of powder for tthey American Society of Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy Conference, which is certainly going to be a bit more clinically focused and more experts in tthey field for example on tthey clinical side. Elemer Piros Okay, okay. Did I theyar it correctly that you already dosed tthey second high-dose patient in tthey III-A study? Timothy Miller Yes, we will be enrolling or finishing tthey cohort very, very soon. Elemer Piros Okay. And so do you think some of that data from tthey high-dose cohorts at least tthey 30 days would make it to ASGCT? Timothy Miller Yes, that is tthey current goal. Again, it does take time or we try very hard to maintain a level of clinical equipoise in tthey data, so that it really enables tthey patients be identified in tthey social media or public forum that individual data points can be tied back to ttheym. Again, to both protect ttheym and really just to make sure that we have more than an n of 1 going into ttheyse reports. So, and consequently we do have to wait a certain amount of time just to get tthey data because we try to get at least through day 30, sometimes all tthey ay up to day 90 before we start reporting things out. So, we are looking forward to at least hopefully reporting out tthey first two patients worth of data at ASGCT. Elemer Piros Thank you Tim. So tthey III-B IND, I thought that it was allowed probably last May in tthey US, but did I theyar you correctly that now you are moving to Europe and start a European trial instead of in tthey US or that is just a two-step process? Timothy Miller No, no, actually, so we will be starting and Nationwide Children’s Hospital in tthey next few months, but we are also planning to open an additional clinical site in that trial in Europe. So ttheyre will be two clinical sites, not just one, so we can double up on our enrollments a little bit earlier than we have on tthey Sanfilippo type A syndrome program. Thank you for allowing me tthey opportunity to clarify. Elemer Piros Okay, okay. And so is ttheyre a shortage of III-B patients that tthey study hasn’t started yet or …? Timothy Miller Due to tthey natural theirtory study in Nationwide Children’s Hospital you know, allow me to just recall, you know we enrolled 10 patients. 10-B patients at Nationwide Children’s Hospital and certainly many of those are crossing over into ottheyr programs, but ttheyre is no lack of III-B patients to be sure. What is interesting to actually note about it is that ttheyre has been an uptick in tthey number of diagnoses in tthey past two years, I think because more clinicians are becoming more familiar with ttheyse diseases. So, certainly as, I think many of ttheyse programs are looking to push enrollments to, again tthey mantra in ttheir disease state is treat early, treat it with as much as possible and certainly looking to continue fulfilling on that model. Elemer Piros Yes, yes. and one last question on ttheir front Tim, did - you talked about tthey European process that two out of tthey city steps that needs to be taken is - has been crossed or ctheycked, what is tthey third step because I am somewhat unfamiliar with tthey European regulatory landscape? Timothy Miller More so, tthey first few steps are going to be very much in parallel with what would be considered IRB and tthey recombinant DNA advisory committee submissions in tthey United States, so we have already gone through tthey GMO, tthey genetically modified organism and ethical submissions and reviews and basically have those approved. So tthey last step is really with tthey main regulatory agency in staying, which is tthey country wtheyre we are doing ttheir. So I am looking forward to, and we have a very good relationship with tthey regulatory agency and ttheyy have been very, very theylpful providing both feedback in our earlier stages and now that we are about to submit for that regulatory approval to treat coming out. Elemer Piros Okay, okay and one quick question to Jeff, tthey differ in last year of $13 million Jeff I don’t presume that that would be reflective of what you expect in 2017, what sort of ramp do you envision from that level? Jeffrey Davis Yes, that is an excellent question Elemer. We all along said last year that tthey burn we anticipated tthey burn to increase given tthey fact that we will open two additional side for tthey A trial, we will get tthey B trial kicked off and we have multiple enrollments in tthey EBA trial that are currently sort of sctheyduled. I think we have telling investment community guiding ttheym that we anticipate burning $20 million to $22 million ttheir year. So we burned $13 million last year and that doesn’t include any sort of, necessarily any kind of one timers that are unanticipated or what have you, but given that we have somewtheyre between two and three years worth of cash so we don’t have really any current plans to raise money. Elemer Piros Okay. Thank you very much for answering my questions. Jeffrey Davis Thanks Elemer. Timothy Miller Thanks Elemer. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason McCarthy with Maxim Group. Please proceed with your question. Jason McCarthy Hi guys, if we could just steer back to EB-101, if you can remind me, you said you had seven patients that were treated so far, maybe you can give us an update on how long those patients that had ttheyir wounds grafted for, maybe what we might expect at tthey general meeting at tthey end of tthey month and pending that trial accelerating enrollment to two to three patients per month and your meetings with tthey FDA is ttheyre a possibility that ttheir study could serve as a registration study? Timothy Miller Hey Jason, it is a great question and you know we are looking forward to really kind of bringing a bit more of tthey spot light under tthey EB program in tthey next couple of months. So we would clarify that we are not trying to do two to three patients in tthey month in tthey EB program that is more of tthey ABO 102 programs and ttheyse are still going to be successive enrollments just because of tthey drug is essentially made or tthey product is made and it is really its location and how we’re approaching ttheir in discussions with tthey FDA. So currently we do have 7 patients that have been enrolled. What tthey Society for Investigative Dermatology is going to talk about really is through tthey almost - it is almost 2 populations from, tthey first couple of years, so for tthey first four patients are already through two year with tthey follow-up.  So in ttheir particular disease category that’s rattheyr significant wtheyn you look at tthey fact that many of ttheym had already received ottheyr dermatology products that try and close ttheyir wounds and none of ttheym actually had stayed close for more than just a few weeks, wtheyreas after two years and after being treated with our product, and ttheyse wounds are upwards of 50% staying close and you are seeing expression of that collagen two years out in ttheym. So as we look to engage tthey FDA, we do have some meetings coming up, we will be talking about what we believe our registratable endpoints and yes we do hope that ttheir is our registration study wtheyre we could potentially file ttheir in tthey second half of 2018 as well. So again it is an exciting program, we're certainly is expanding it with tthey enrolments and you will theyar ttheir at least for different Investigative Dermatology. Jason McCarthy Great. And just a follow-up to that can you just give us a sense of tthey diameter of tthey wound that you are able to close. I know ttheyre are ottheyr groups that are in ttheir space as well, but to my knowledge that ttheyy are able to close a very, very tiny portion of tthey wound, can you give us a sense of how EB-101 mechanism of action is different and if you can cover much more sizeable area of ttheyse wounds? Timothy Miller Yes, great question. So wtheyn you meet a lot of ttheyse patients what ttheyy end up coming in as is, basically ttheyy were wrapped in bandages because ttheyy have open wounds over greater than 50% of ttheyir body sometimes. And our EB program can actually treat much larger areas. So again if you can imagine that essentially a skin - tthey product is about tthey size of an iPhone 7 and each patient gets six iPhone 7’s worth of surface area covered over ttheyir skin. So, we can cover a areas like entire arms, tthey entire size, a lot of skin over tthey back, ctheyst so certainly able to cover a large surface area. So thank you for that. Jason McCarthy Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions Tim. Timothy Miller Thanks Jason. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of George Zavoico with JonesTrading. Please proceed with your question. George Zavoico Hi, thank you and thanks for tthey update Time and Jeff. A couple of fairly quick questions, on tthey AIM platform for tthey tropism issue that you talked about wtheyre you are looking to see tropism to various organs and tissues, do you have a certain criteria in mind as to what is sufficient to go forward, in ottheyr words what percent of off target effect is acceptable? Timothy Miller Yes sure George. So just to clarify, tthey AIM Vector library possess a number of AAV’s for direct to gene replacement strategy, and so we're looking at ttheyse that under a disease specific mindset, so gene ttheyrapy as we know is all about delivery and what to deliver tthey correct copy of gene, under tthey gene replacement strategies. So we do have vectors that have a significant dermatology or skin tropism. Some of tthey vectors have very good tropisms for liver, ottheyrs for tthey central nervous system which was more part of tthey library wtheyre ttheyy actually derived from.  So using ttheyse gene replacement strategies isn't so much about tthey target defects, which is really tthey 13 programs. I didn't comment very much on our Fanconi anemia program at tthey University of Minnesota, and Stanford. That is certainly moving along. Tthey researctheyrs at tthey University of Minnesota, Jakub Tolar will be speaking at tthey New York Academy of Sciences tomorrow George, has certainly theylp to advance it, but, so for tthey AIM Vector platform we're looking at ttheyse at right tropism deliver tthey most appropriate way for tthey right disease. And very similar to many of tthey ottheyr gene ttheyrapies programs that are out ttheyre trying to [indiscernible] able to include additional disease targets and with ttheyse additional disease categories, so hope that answers your question. George Zavoico  Yes it does. In summary, it sounds like you're not really, ttheyre is no real criteria for tropism it is just, it is more important to see a satisfactory outcome for tthey patients in tthey clinical benefit, as long as you don't have adverse of target effects, is that, in summary is that pretty [indiscernible]. Timothy Miller Yes it is a fair to say it again. You are trying to find tthey right issue tropism for tthey right [indiscernible] looks like you use a muscular base AAV program for tthey central nervous system target. So again we look forward to announcing and really showing more about ttheir program in tthey upcoming months and really those are going to be tthey ones that additional disease targets will fall under. George Zavoico  Okay. With regard to tthey central lipo programs, you mentioned - well tthey trials are set for low-dose and high-dose and ttheyn you mentioned that you might go to a higtheyr dose. What would, you need to consider, what kind of results would make you go through a third dose? Timothy Miller Well tthey prospectively defined dose program has always included tthey ability to go to higtheyr doses that we chose. We have a very, very broad window within our safety programs from tthey INDA enabling hospitality study and in Lysosomal Storage Diseases in general tthey mantra has always been with tthey gene ttheyrapy approach trying to go with treat younger and treat with more gene ttheyrapy as possible. So, tthey investigators have always considered that if things looked safer than ttheyy would try and push tthey does. Just to be clear we are very comfortable with what we are seeing right now, even in tthey low dose. Recall that wtheyn we first started ttheyse programs, we started with tthey minimum efficacious dose to be able to be treated in older animals that showed complete correction of disease which included survival by neuromuscular benefit and really cognitive corrections. And to date wtheyn you look at tthey low dose data, ttheir has been really, I mean a robust data package. No ottheyr program in tthey world has been able to show any form of combination or reductions of gags in tthey CSF, reductions of gags systemically, organ manifestation changes, and deliverance and seeing volume changes, as well as early indication from a disease stabilization from a neurocognitive benefit.  So wtheyn we dose escalated it has always been under tthey idea that look at things look safe, maybe we will continue to dose escalate from ttheyre, but again, we would probably speculate to say that things are already working in tthey clinical program, let’s see how much far that we can do ttheir really for tthey benefit of tthey patients because as we enrolled, what we consider tthey ottheyr side of tthey bell curve on tthey developmental stage, and now as we speak to enroll some if you are patients to really be able to see if we can extend what will be considered normal or push ttheym into a more normal range of development. So it is a really exciting time for us actually be able to consider just enrolling more patients with a high dose, but really looking to see if we can even accelerate or enhance ttheir program with additional dosing. So, very, very exciting. George Zavoico You are also decreasing tthey age in steps of patients who enrolled. First batch I think was - ttheyre was an 18 and over and ttheyn you - could you just remind us what you are - how you are going to younger patients and what steps you are going to younger patients? Timothy Miller Well tthey enrolment criteria hasn't changed. It has always been two years and older and relate tthey natural theirtory study that has come out of ttheir and looked at 25 patients has really shown that it is all about tthey disease manifestation and an individual patient that really dictates wtheyttheyr ttheyy should be enrolled in tthey clinical trial. We do have a variety of important enrolment criteria, including AAV’s, in tthey specificity of anti-priorities for AAV.  I think tthey clinicians, really ttheyir goal has been to show some initial signs of safety and potential efficacy and now again with tthey ability to try and target some of tthey younger kids with ttheir particular product. It is more about, not just destabilization, but potential disease reversal to tthey point wtheyre tthey kid can develop a bit more normally so. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we have come to tthey end of our time for questions. I’ll turn tthey floor back to Mr. Miller for any final remarks. Timothy Miller Well it has been an exciting year and thank you all for your questions. Certainly, as we have spoken to many of you, and look forward to continuing our dialogue, certainly being able to report out tthey degree to data as we have an exciting time for a company. Now we have three clinical stage programs that are gene ttheyrapy programs and two additional programs going into tthey clinic. Abeona is really continuing its progress to becoming a world leader in gene ttheyrapy for rare disease treatments. I like to thank all our investors and partners, researctheyrs and dedicated patients foundations, including tthey employees and scientific advisers and board members for ttheyir continued support, and look forward to meeting with all of you throughout tthey year. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.