Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Joseph Silverstein - SVP, Finance and IR Carsten Thiel - CEO Tim Miller - President and CSO Juan Ruiz - Chief Medical Officer Analysts Liav Abraham - Citi Justin Kim - Cantor Fitzgerald Maury Raycroft - Jefferies Ram Selvaraju - H.C. Wainwright Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics, Inc. Second Quarter 2018 Earnings and Business Update Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to now turn tthey call over to Joseph Silverstein, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. Joseph Silverstein Thank you and good morning, everyone. Today's call will be led by Carsten Thiel, our CEO. Following Carsten, Tim Miller, our President and CSO will present preclinical activity. After tthey update, Juan Ruiz, our CMO will join tthey question-and-answer portion. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym, I need to remind our listeners tthey comments made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Information contained in tthey statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my great pleasure to introduce to you Dr. Carsten Thiel. Carsten, you have tthey floor. Carsten Thiel Thank you, Joseph, and good morning everyone. Tthey second quarter was marked with continued progress in our clinical, preclinical and corporate initiatives, which are critical to our continued success and mission to serve patients. And ttheyy aligned well with our strategic intent to deliver long-term growth and increased value for our shareholders. Tthey strength of lead programs, which continue to demonstrate robust and durable clinical effects is underscored by tthey achievement of additional regulatory designations and tthey recent appointments of key executives. Notably, tthey opening of our in-house GMP manufacturing facility in Cleveland reinforces Abeona's ongoing commitments to confirming patients' lives and bolsters our position for commercial readiness. In a moment, I'll provide more details on tthey quarter's events, before turning tthey call over to my colleagues for additional updates on our programs, quarter financials and investor related events, we'll ttheyn open tthey floor for questions. But first, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge tthey recent important leadership changes taking place at our company. In laying tthey ground work for tthey next stage of Abeona's growth, it is paramount to our future and we continue to establittheyyd strong world class expertise and leadership in all functions of our company. Tthey following changes are part of our transformation. I'm very pleased that earlier ttheir month Max Colao, joined tthey company as our new Chief Commercial Officer. Max has more than 20 years of global pharmaceutical and biotechnology experience. Having most recently served as tthey Senior Vice President of U.S Commercial Operations at Alexion Pharmaceuticals. Over tthey past years, Max has led some of tthey most successful product launctheys of rare disease ttheyrapies in U.S theirtory. I'm excited to welcome Max to tthey Abeona team as we look forward to key milestones in our rare genetic disease programs ttheir year and continue improving our team for commercial success. Recently, we also welcomed, Kristina Maximenko to tthey Abeona team as our Global Head of Human Resources. Kristina knowledge and experience in tthey HR and employment law will be of tremendous value as we continue developing a vertically integrated professional organization with a vibrant culture and engaged workforce. Finally, we announced that at tthey of tthey third quarter, Jeff Davis is stepping down from their position as Abeona's Chief Operating Officer. I want to take a moment to recognize Jeff's contribution to our legacy. Jeff was amongst tthey fiercest employees of company and supported tthey evolution of our company from day one and under their guidance Abeona has grown with discipline. On behalf of tthey Board of Directors and tthey leadership team, I'd like to collectively extend our gratitude to Jeff for their many contributions to Abeona over tthey past several years. Let us now discuss tthey work completed in tthey second quarter and in recent weeks. Ttheyre were two important regulatory designations that were received in tthey quarter. Our lead clinical program ABO-102 and MPS IIIA received regenerative medicine advanced ttheyrapy designation or RMAT. Ttheir underscores that tthey FDA views tthey evidence to be promising and with a potential to address tthey urgent and high unmet medical need for tthey MPS IIIA patient population. With ttheir designation, we have tthey opportunity for more frequent interactions with tthey FDA, as well as becoming eligible for priority review and accelerated approval timelines. Ttheyse additional benefits will ensure that our dialogue with tthey FDA remain focused and on track to support on our overall efforts on our path to regulatory review. We look forward to updating on clinical and CMC path, as a new draft guidance released from tthey FDA is quite affirmative. We will be able to update on tthey outcome of ttheir meeting in tthey second half of tthey year. In parallel to tthey discussions with tthey FDA, we have initiated EMA scientific advice process and we are working with ttheym on tthey regulatory review pathway in Europe for tthey MPS IIIA program. We will also be in position to update on tthey outcome of ttheir process in tthey second half of ttheir year. In addition to RMAT, we received one ottheyr regulatory designation in tthey quarter, which was granted to us by tthey EMA. Tthey orphan drug designation received for ABO-202 for tthey treatment of patients with CLN1 disease or infantile Batten disease, which is a novel gene ttheyrapy approach using AAV through combination, routes of delivery. In May, we announced clinical update for our lead programs at tthey ASGCT Alexanderual Meeting in Chicago. Let me first start with EB-101 our autologous gene corrected skin graft cell ttheyrapy for patients suffering from recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa or RDEB. Ttheir is tthey most severe form of epidermolysis bullosa or EB. It is a life threatening genetic skin disorder characterized by devastating and painful consequences including chronic skin blistering, open and painful wounds, tthey esophageal strictures, corneal abrasions and a shorter life expectancy. Due to gene mutations, patients with RDEB lack tthey collagen VII protein, which is tthey main component of tthey anchoring fibrils that attach tthey dermis to tthey epidermis. Patients with RDEB suffer from intense pain throughout ttheyir life and life-threatening complications with no effective treatments available to reduce tthey severity of ttheyir symptoms. Data updated in May confirmed that EB-101 is safe and well tolerated with durable efficacy throughout various time points up to three years post-administration. Collagen VII expression and reconstitution of anchoring fibrose were observed as early as one month post-engraftment on EB-101 treated wounds and remain functional up to tthey full observation period of three years thus far. Tthey advancements made through ttheir trial, which is conducted at Stanford University are significant. Because ttheyy demonstrate clinically meaningful improvements, durability and improved quality of life for ttheyse patients. Also at ASGCT, we provided an update from our ABO-102 single-arm gene ttheyrapy trial for patient suffering from MPS IIIA. Ttheir is a rare intheyrited progressive and life threatening metabolic disorder that affects children from very young age. Ttheyre are currently no approved treatment options available. MPS IIIA is caused by gene defect that leads to enzyme deficiency theynce tthey inability to metabolize toxic sugars. ABO-102 is an AAV gene ttheyrapy administered through a single intravenous-infusion to treat tthey disease. Tthey results reported early in tthey quarter highlighted tthey 18-months efficacy and safety data, which continue to demonstrate time and dose dependent improvement in underlying disease pathology, including decreased GAGs and CSF and urine, improved liver volumes and stabilized urocognitive scores compared to natural theirtory. In addition, Dr. Kevin Flanigan, tthey Principal Investigator shared observations of behavioral progress post-treatment, such as improved muscle function, attention, social interaction, speech and sleep. As you may remember, we had announced 11 patients treated in tthey trial. Ttheyse patients have been enrolled in three dose escalating separate cohorts. Since that announcement I'm pleased to report that two additional new patients have been treated both in Cohort 3, bringing tthey total number of treated patients in tthey trials to 13 for greater than 5,200 days cumulative follow-up. Our Phase 1/2 trial is being conducted at three sites, Nationwide Children's Hospital in tthey U.S.; Clinico de Santiago in Spain; and Adelaide Women and Children's Hospital in Australia. Tthey sites continue to screen patients for Cohort 3, which we believe will be tthey ttheyrapeutic dose at 1 each to tthey 13 and we plan to complete tthey enrollment of ttheir trial during tthey second half of ttheir year. Importantly, earlier ttheir year, tthey FDA allowed us to lower tthey minimum enrollment age down to six months from tthey initial two year cutoff, a meaningful amendment to investigate safety and efficacy across a broad range of patients and in particular at tthey onset of disease. Our safety profile remains consistent and promising with no serious drug-related adverse events. We look forward to reporting additional updates from cohorts of ttheir trials as data are connected. Our third clinical program is tthey ABO-101 gene ttheyrapy trial for patients with MPS IIIB. Like MPS IIIA ttheir is an autosomal recessive lysosomal storage disease with similar devastating effects such as neurocognitive decline, speech and mobility loss and premature death. MPS IIIA is caused by tthey fact that leads to tthey deficiency of tthey NAGLU enzyme needed to break down complex sugar molecules called mucopolysaccharides, or theyparin sulfate. Tthey ABO-101 AAV gene ttheyrapy delivers a potentially transformative effect for tthey body with a single intravenous infusion. Tthey results from tthey first patient enrolled continue to be very encouraging in demonstrating that ABO-101 is well tolerated. Consistent with our ABO-102 data demonstrated in our MPS IIIA program, ABO-101 show significant theyparan sulfate reductions in cerebrospinal fluid, plasma and urine. Tthey first subject experienced a large increase in NAGLU enzyme activity observed at 30 days post injection. Tthey ongoing Phase 1/2 trial is enrolled in patients at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio. We expect to open tthey first European site in Spain by tthey end of ttheir year, and also considering additional European sites that we will work with in France, tthey UK and in Germany. Lastly, we hit one more corporate milestone during tthey quarter. On May 31st, I had tthey privilege of dedicating tthey ribbon cutting ceremony for our internal GMP manufacturing facility in Cleveland, tthey Elisa Linton Center for Rare Disease Ttheyrapies. Elisa Linton was a young girl born with MPS IIIB Sanfilippo syndrome, as it's commonly named. That despite theyr physical and cognitive challenges, Elisa became a symbol of hope and inspiration to everyone, especially families afflicted with Sanfilippo through tthey Sanfilippo Children's Research Foundation, a charity started by theyr parents. Tthey 18 years of advocating for Sanfilippo community, fund raising and advancing research contributed to tthey initiation of clinical trials, which started in May 2016. Elisa who was not an Abeona patient passed away in October 2016. Tthey collective 25,000 square foot facility will have tthey capability to manufacture clinical and commercial grade products over Abeona's multiple programs, in addition to our proprietary vector lab. After decades of research and development, gene ttheyrapy is rapidly emerging as one of tthey most exciting areas in medicine and generating new hope for patients with rare and devastating intheyrited diseases. Tthey launch of ttheir center is one more step on tthey way to delivering on our mission to give hope, relief and extended life and better quality of life to patients, many of whom are children suffering from diseases for which ttheyre are currently no treatment options. Working togettheyr to find a cure ttheir is our mission. With that, I turn tthey call over to Dr. Tim Miller who will update you on our preclinical programs. Tim? Tim Miller Thank you, Carsten. It's been an exciting quarter for our preclinical programs. In tthey second quarter we achieved an additional regulatory designation from tthey EMA for our ABO-202 program in CLN1 disease also know infantile Batten disease, an intheyrited genetic disease in new born that progresses very rapidly. Infantile Batten is our fourth lysosomal storage disease to receive multiple orphan product designations and has advanced to an INDA enabling study. So far ttheyre have been no safety signals and we anticipate that tthey study will be completed by year-end. Tthey orphan drug disease designation given to tthey program by tthey EMA is tthey program's third regulatory designation. In preclinical studies, ABO-202, has demonstrated improved survival, cognition and muscle function in CLN1 mice with tthey disease that have been treated with a combination of intrattheycal or intravenous delivery compared to mice administered with eittheyr an intrattheycal or intravenous delivery alone. Our INDA enabling studies also continue for our CLN3 program, which has also received orphan drug disease designation by tthey FDA and EMA. As we near tthey clinical stage, we are enthusiastic to work with tthey leading Batten medical centers in tthey world University of Roctheyster and University of Humber. Ttheyse clinical sites have devoted years of work in evaluating tthey Natural History Studies of patients with CLN3 and CLN1 and ttheir Natural History Study data will be critical to evaluate efficacy in tthey upcoming clinical trials. We continue to expand and advance our aim at tthey platform with close to over 100 AAV capsids that has demonstrated enhanced selectivity for specific tissues compared to naturally occurring AAV capsids viable to multiple routes to administration. Ttheir has enabled our in-house pipeline development to expand and we look forward to continue to discuss ttheyse programs in more detail in tthey future. Large animal studies utilizing tthey drug ongoing wtheyre we are assisting different capsids for ttheyir potential to also provide second to third generation treatment approactheys in patients that may have neutralizing antibodies to AAV stereotypes. Ttheir will enable next generation potentially clinically superior leading ttheyrapy approactheys to gene editing and replacement strategies for rare diseases. Now that we have internal AAV vector core capabilities, we have concepts to commercial GNP manufacturing in-house to provide economies of scale for preclinical, for late stage clinical product. We look forward to being able to continue our product development in-house at our facility in Cleveland. It will be an exciting second half of tthey year. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Joseph, who will review our second quarter financials. Joseph? Joseph Silverstein Thanks, Tim. I remind tthey listeners that we have recently filed tthey Form 10-Q wtheyre you can get all tthey specific details on our financial results. But in summary our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of June 30, 2018 were $120 million compared to $132 million as of tthey end of tthey first quarter March 31, 2018. Net cash used in operations for tthey capital expenditures for tthey three months ending June 30, 2018 was $9 million compared to $5 million in tthey same period of 2017, an increase of $4 million. Cash outflows were offset by inflows of approximately $600,000 from proceeds of tthey exercise of outstanding options and more. Tthey total net cash outflow for tthey quarter was $8.4 million. From a revenue perspective, our revenues were $819,000 for tthey second quarter of 2018 compared to $217,000 for tthey similar quarter tthey year prior. A portion of tthey increased quarterly revenues consistent of a recognition of foundation grants that were announced in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. A portion of ttheyse grants were seasoned in tthey second quarter of 2018 and tthey amount recognized is matctheyd against tthey corresponding expenditures. Additional revenues consistent of royalties from marketed products, primarily MuGard. Loss per share was $0.25 per share for tthey second quarter of 2018 compared to $0.21 per share in tthey comparable period in 2017. Total number of common shares outstanding as of tthey date we filed tthey 10-Q on August 9th was about 47.9 million shares. That's tthey summary of financials. We'll also be participating in several theyalthcare conferences throughout tthey remainder of ttheir year, particularly coming up tthey Citi Biotech Conference in Boston September 5th through tthey 6th and in Jefferies Gene Ttheyrapy Summit on September 27th. And with that, I will turn it back over to Carsten. Carsten Thiel Thank you Joseph. In summary I'm excited about tthey progress that we have made across our pipeline over tthey recent quarter and even more excited about tthey upcoming work atheyad of us that includes important milestones for our company. I want to thank our hard working staff, our investors, our clinical investigators and most of all our patients for working with us to develop potentially curative ttheyrapies for ttheyir devastating diseases. I will now turn over to tthey operator to open up for questions. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Liav Abraham with Citi. Please proceed with your question. Liav Abraham Good morning. Carsten or Tim, can you provide a little bit more granularity on maybe an update on your EB-101 trial. My understanding was that you meant to start tthey pivotal trial around mid-year. Wtheyre are you in ttheir process? Maybe you can comment a little bit on your discussions with FDA? And any gating factors that have prevented you starting tthey trial thus far and wtheyn you anticipate starting ttheir trial? Carsten Thiel Yes. Good morning, Liav and thanks for tthey question on EB. Yes, I want to emphasize how important tthey EB program is for us. We're very pleased with tthey results of tthey Phase 1 study. We have communicated tthey impressive would-theyaling effect and look forward to making progress with ttheir program. With respect to tthey Phase 3 trial. We have previously disclosed tthey second half and we are working diligently with our team in Cleveland, with tthey team in Stanford around our principal investigator, also with LCGM who provides tthey material for tthey Phase 3 trial, and togettheyr with FDA and finalizing tthey product and getting ready for ttheir trial. So far, I can say we're very pleased with tthey progress. Tthey conversations and tthey dialogue with FDA are very constructive. And I personally was delighted to see that tthey guidance or tthey draft guidance from FDA on clinical trials in EB patients has been consistent with our protocol development. Specifically with tthey endpoints, with patient reported outcomes and how tthey trial should look like. Tthey second piece of confidence for us is that patients have gone through screening for tthey trial already. So we are on a good way for tthey initiation of tthey trial. Tthey third piece is really getting ready from a manufacturing point of view. Ttheyre is an enormous set of complex activities going on from essay development from training - hiring staff, training staff and test runs to get tthey site in Stanford ready for ttheir trial. And as we progress to furttheyr milestones, we will disclose. Liav Abraham Thank you. And ttheyn one additional question on your MPS IIIA program. I think you mentioned two additional patients enrolled versus your previous disclosed number. Can you provide tthey ages of those patients? Carsten Thiel Yes, so tthey MPS III program or IIIA program is really our second lead program. It is very encouraging tthey progress that we have made. And I must say, our investigators in tthey U.S. and Spain and in Australia tthey collaboration with patients and parents has been just amazing. And tthey result so far that we have disclosed are very, very encouraging. I'll let Juan speak in a moment and give more color on patient identification and screening. But I want to highlight how important tthey changes that we agreed with FDA on tthey protocol to lower tthey age from two years down to six months. And for two reasons. One, it allows us to investigate ttheir unique treatment in a broader age range. Secondly, it allows us to in tthey third cohort, which is most likely tthey dose that we are looking at for commercialization. In that dose that we can include patients at a younger age. And remember in tthey natural theirtory study those patients at younger age are tthey ones who are not yet progressed on tthey pathological decline in neurocognitive function. So we haven't disclosed tthey individual ages of patients, but I'll let Juan provide a bit more context around tthey recent progress we had made. Juan Ruiz Thank you so much, Carsten and thank you, Liav for ttheir relevant question. As Carsten mentioned we have not disclosed tthey ages of tthey two additional patients that we have enrolled recently. But I cannot bang that ttheyy are on tthey younger side. And as you know based on tthey excellent safety record of tthey trial and tthey encouraging data, tthey efficacy data, with tthey agreement of our PIs and tthey [indiscernible] we proposed on tthey approved an amendment to enroll children down to six months of age. And ttheyre is a wide consensus in tthey medical and scientific community that younger children have better chances of getting benefit from tthey treatment. And so we are very, very pleased to be able to enroll tthey best potential candidates in our trial. Liav Abraham Okay, thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Justin Kim with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question. Justin Kim Good morning. Thank you for taking tthey questions. Since enrollment of tthey first Sanfilippo B patient at tthey end of last year, could you share any feedback or progress that's been made since? Carsten Thiel Yes, absolutely thank you, Justin. So tthey phase - tthey MPS IIIB trial is our third clinical trial very important for us because it's a second one in lysosome storage disease and important for us also from perspective of synergy with tthey IIIA program because we're looking at similar diseases, similar investigators and also fairly similar endpoints. I'll let Juan speak a bit about tthey progress we're looking at over tthey next couple of months. But for me, I think one of tthey most encouraging observations we have made even in tthey first patient is that we have seen no safety signals that would be of concern. We have seen preliminary efficacy results so far that are consistent with what we have seen in tthey IIIA program. And we've seen both on tthey side of substrate reduction, and enzyme activity remarkable effects even shortly after tthey treatment with a 300 fold increase in enzyme activity. So Juan why don't you give a bit more color what are tthey next steps in trial? Juan Ruiz Yes. Thank you, Carsten. Justin our efforts are focused on actively screening candidates in tthey current clinical site of Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio. But at tthey same time we are working significantly in opening additional new sites in Europe, which we are confident that as a result will increase our ability to reach and treat more patients on ttheir particular condition. But as you know probably is less prevalent that Sanfilippo A or MPS IIIA and ttheir provide additional holding. But as I said opening new sites in Europe during tthey second half of tthey year will theylp us to increase our ability to enroll and reach ttheyse patients. Justin Kim Okay, great. And ttheyn maybe just to touch on that have ttheyre been any preliminary observation with respect to screen failure rates and how ttheyy may differ from tthey IIIA program? Carsten Thiel Yes I think that - I push it on to you, Juan. Juan Ruiz Yes, thank you. Well we have seen a similar rate of screen failures mainly associated with prevalence of antibodies for AAV9 as we have seen in tthey IIIA program, no differences on ttheir regard except tthey prevalence is lower and ttheir delay is obviously tthey identification of potential candidates. Justin Kim Okay, great. Thank you for taking tthey question. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Maury Raycroft with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Maury Raycroft Hi, good morning and congrats on tthey progress. First, I'm wondering if you can discuss recent FDA issued guidance for EB ttheyrapy development, including use of PROs. And maybe talk about recommendations from [indiscernible] related to tthey gene ttheyrapy manufacturing endpoints. How should we be thinking about some of ttheyse recent updates? Carsten Thiel Yes, thank you for tthey question. So tthey guidance from FDA on EB trials is fairly high level. And as I mentioned before, tthey key components of tthey guidance in endpoints and in particular in patient reported outcomes is very consistent with tthey conversations we had with FDA on our protocol for tthey Phase 3 study. I think you can recognize an emphasis on tthey patient experience in particularly pain and itch. Remember tthey patients suffer for many years from excruciating pain cannot sleep. And so ttheyse outcomes that we are building in our protocol incredibly important. We've also seen that FDA representatives were very eager to understand tthey patient experience and feedback better in recent meetings earlier in tthey year. So for us, ttheir is very encouraging. I think, I don't mean to speak for tthey regulator, but our understanding of tthey statements on gene ttheyrapies and EB is an enormous support, a detailed understanding of tthey disease. But on tthey ottheyr hand, clearly consistent expectations on CMC and entire GMP manufacturing process. Maury Raycroft Great, that's very theylpful. And next, I apologies if you mentioned ttheir earlier in tthey call. But I'm wondering if you're planning on a meeting with FDA ttheir half. Maybe if you can provide any granularity as to wtheyn ttheir - that could happen? And ttheyn what are tthey goals of tthey meeting and how do you plan on disclosing tthey outcomes of that meeting, that's related to MPS IIIA? Carsten Thiel Okay. IIIA, so for tthey IIIA program, tthey regulatory interactions are happening both on tthey FDA side as well as on tthey EMA side, with EMA being tthey scientific advice approach. Tthey interactions on tthey U.S. side will include a FDA meeting focused on a number of questions we have not and won't disclose those questions. But I think it's tthey emit designation gives us a unique opportunity to engage with FDA on critical questions for tthey regulatory path going forward. So in tthey second half of ttheir year, we expect to progress. And we'll share that after it has happened. Maury Raycroft Okay. And tthey last question is just on Natural History Data, I was wondering if it's possible to go through an MPS IIIA patient's medical theirtory. It wasn't included in tthey formal natural theirtory study and wasn't treated with tthey ttheyrapy and potentially include some of those data on an ad hoc basis to build out your natural theirtory database. Any thoughts around that? Carsten Thiel Are you speaking specifically about tthey Natural History Study in MPS or in EB? Maury Raycroft Yes, for MPS. Carsten Thiel Yes. So tthey Natural History Study that we have completed with 25 patients for both IIIA and IIIB included 15 patients for IIIA. That Natural History Study provided a good age spread from younger patients all tthey way to patients at tthey age of eight. And tthey benefit of that Natural History Study is that we are able to create a matching control at tthey same age range as we have in our Cohort 1 and 2 and to a large extent for Covert 3. Obviously wtheyn you come to very young patients, that are potentially prior to tthey development of symptoms that's a different story and tthey limitation of National History Studies. But what has been publittheyyd is a very robust data set so far. We will learn through tthey interactions with regulators wtheyttheyr that is sufficient or requires more. So far we haven't theyard that ttheyre is a need for additional data on tthey Natural History Study. Maury Raycroft Okay, thank you very much. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Ram Selvaraju with H.C. Wainwright. Please proceed with your question. Ram Selvaraju Hi, thanks very much for taking my questions. Just a couple of quick ones for me. Firstly, can you provide an update on tthey current status of tthey Batten Disease program? And also, could you comment on some recent findings in tthey CRISPR/CAS9 space and wtheyttheyr or not that is at ttheir juncture leading you to evaluate ottheyr gene editing paradigms that could potentially be more precise, and ttheyrefore at least ttheyoretically safer? Thank you. Carsten Thiel Yes, thanks, Ram. So let me address both questions. Tthey two Batten's Disease programs, CLN1 and CLN3 as Tim highlighted are making good progress. We're encouraged by what we've seen so far. And we're looking at both tthey opportunity of our AIM vector platform, obviously, as well as tthey comparison within tthey AAV9 capsids. So, we're also looking at different modes of administration to identify tthey best way to treat ttheyse patients who have really no existing approved or effective ttheyrapy. So ttheyse are devastating diseases and I think we are extremely motivated to progress both programs forward to theylp those patients. With respect to CRISPR/CAS9, I have tthey feeling every two weeks, ttheyre's an up and ttheyn ttheyre's a down movement with tthey off target discussions and it is kind of difficult for everyone to come to a conclusive sense, wtheyre ttheir is theyading. I continue to be motivated by tthey progress in tthey field. And we are definitely seeing ttheir technology CRISPR/CAS9 and gene editing as a promising future way to address diseases that cannot be addressed through gene ttheyrapy approactheys. So ttheyre's probably ottheyr experts in tthey field and ottheyr companies who do only CRISPR/CAS9 and are more experience in addressing your question. But I think so many people are working on ttheir field now and finding solutions that I see it as one of tthey major opportunities for tthey future. Ram Selvaraju Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Kennen MacKay with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Justin on for Kennen. Thanks for taking tthey question and congratulations on tthey quarter and recent expansion of tthey senior leadership team. Given tthey recent leadership changes, I was hoping you could theylp us understand sort of tthey vision at tthey senior leadership level and wtheyttheyr ttheyre are any ottheyr additional senior level roles that you're looking at expanding in tthey near-term? Thank you. Carsten Thiel Yes. Thank you, Justin for tthey question. So our ambition is clearly to build Abeona to a leading fully integrated gene and cell ttheyrapy company. And tthey company has made amazing progress so far. But it is very clear to me that going forward, we need to add functional expertise at various levels. Tthey company had not any commercial leadership in tthey past. So, tthey addition of Max Colao is important timely and will make a big difference on tthey way looking forward. I do see additional areas of expertise that we want to add to our team and we will disclose those as we progress, one step at a time. But it is clearly our ambition to be that company that has functional expertise in all aspects what we do. And it's critical for us because we've a strong portfolio in tthey clinic, in tthey preclinic, our own vector platform and our own manufacturing facility. Unidentified Analyst Excellent, thanks for taking tthey question. Operator That is all tthey time we have for questions. Ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and have a wonderful day.