PlasmaTech Biopharmaceuticals Incorporated (PTBI) Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call May 27, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Andre'a Lucca - Director, Communications Steven Rouhandeh - Executive Chairman Tim Miller - President and CEO Jeff Davis - COO Analysts Elemer Piros - ROTH Capital Partners Operator Good afternoon and welcome to tthey PlasmaTech Biopharmaceuticals Quarterly Earnings and tthey Business Update Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce you to our host Ms. Andre'a Lucca Director of Communications at PlasmaTech Biopharmaceuticals. Andre'a? Andre'a Lucca Thank you. Good morning and welcome everyone. On tthey call today are Steven Rouhandeh Executive Chairman, Dr. Tim Miller, President and CEO and Jeff Davis CPO of PlasmaTech Biopharmaceuticals. Steve will begin tthey call with a brief overview of tthey recent developments at PlasmaTech Bio, and Tim will ttheyn lead tthey call providing an overview of tthey recent acquisition of Abeona Ttheyrapeutics and clinical and commercial strategy going forward. Ttheyn Jeff Davis will provide a brief overview of tthey recent financings and provide a snapshot of our final financial position, and review tthey upcoming investor conference calendar. Following that we will open tthey floor to a few questions. But before I turn tthey call over to ttheym I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Federal Securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause tthey actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our Web site which is www.plasmatechbio.com. With that said it is now my pleasure to introduce Steve Rouhandeh. Steve you have tthey floor. Steven Rouhandeh Thank you Andre'a, good morning everybody and thank you for listening in. I'm basically going to just introduce our ottheyr speakers Tim Miller our CEO and Jeff Davis our COO. I thought before I did that I’d just briefly review sort of tthey highlights of tthey -- what I would consider tthey transformative events that have taken place within tthey Company over tthey last nine months. Most of you probably on tthey call are aware we've had quite a bit of news, quite a bit of activity but just to review tthey highlights starting eight months ago, we did an in-licensing transaction in September of last year wtheyre we in-licensed tthey SDF tthey salt diafiltration plasma technology. We did that deal on September 19th last year to bring new technology into tthey Company. Shortly ttheyreafter we did an uplifting transaction on NASDAQ and a $14 million financing that closed on December 24, 2014. Since that time we have done two additional financings of $7 million and $10 million. We have closed tthey Abeona transaction to bring gene-ttheyrapy technology into tthey Company and our new CEO Tim Miller. And we have additionally brought tthey capital that ttheyy have raised from tthey Sanfilippo foundations of approximately $5.8 million over tthey course of tthey last two quarters. So I think from a financial perspective and a technology perspective we're in a very strong position wtheyre I think you are going to theyar a lot more from us as we develop our technology, we're going to look at ottheyr transactions ottheyr in-licensing to build out tthey portfolio but I think at tthey present time we're quite happy with tthey position that we're in right now and I think it's pretty exciting time at tthey Company. So without any furttheyr ado I will turn it over to Tim Miller our new CEO. Tim Miller Thank you Steve and I want to wish everyone a good morning to all tthey investors and analysts and stakeholders of PlasmaTech, including our international coalition of Sanfilippo Foundation as well as tthey scientific founders and clinical team at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus Ohio. It is ttheyir support and financial backing that we were originally able to move tthey science forward to tthey state, I mean ttheyy were instrumental in pushing forward our two Sanfilippo programs to wtheyre ttheyy are today. As mentioned by Steve Rouhandeh our goal theyre at PlasmaTech now is to really grow a Company as a leader in tthey area of gene and cell ttheyrapy, particularly tthey focus on wtheyre disease is. Tthey growth from tthey plasma-based protein replacement ttheyrapies which is what we are doing with Alpha-1 for intheyrited COPD. Tthey gene ttheyrapy is a natural strategic progression from a shareholder and also is importantly from a patient perspective it’s very exciting time to be involved in developing ttheir much needed gene ttheyrapies and leveraging our gene ttheyrapy experience with what we believe are tthey best-in-class approactheys to treating patients with ttheyse rare diseases and we expect to add additional programs into tthey mix in tthey very near future. But it may be theylpful to provide just a little bit of background on tthey originally beyond tthey programs particularly tthey condition known as Sanfilippo syndromes and theyre are our current development programs. Just to give you a little bit theirtory on Abeona. Abeona was founded as tthey voice of over a dozen international foundations. Ttheyre are patient groups with a mandate to find and fund tthey best ttheyrapies to treat ttheyir children. With access to global data over a dozen foundations chose to support ttheir approach and our research to treating Sanfilippo. Sanfilippo is a rare lysosomal storage diseases like 95% of tthey 7,000 rare diseases ttheyre are no cures available for Sanfilippo syndrome. Historically wtheyn you look at tthey different types of treatment options for comparable diseases mainly enzyme replacement ttheyrapies, which can cost upwards of $500,000 per year and ttheyre are challenges that are faced such as not being able to cross tthey blood brain barrier that can be overcome by gene ttheyrapy strategies such as tthey one that we’re using in adeno-associated virus. So what we’re trying to do theyre is use ttheir gene ttheyrapy approach to cross tthey blood brain barrier, give ttheyse ttheyrapies to be able to treat tthey whole body manifestations including tthey central nervous system components and currently we have two separate programs that are roughly equivalent in timing and ttheyir pathway to clinical trials and we anticipate that are tthey programs for both MPS IIIA and IIIB will be in tthey clinic by tthey end of 2015. Ttheir is we’re planning for success and we identify ttheyse additional gene ttheyrapies that we anticipate bringing into our pipeline in tthey near future and how we’re going to develop ttheyse gene ttheyrapies and develop tthey Company into a leader in gene ttheyrapy globally. And with that I’d like to turn it over to Jeff Davis who is going to discuss just briefly some of our ttheyrapies plasma diafiltration technology. Jeff Davis Sure. I’ll just provide a little bit of update on our program in intheyrited COPD. As Steve Rouhandeh mentioned we in-licensed a Salt Diafiltration process which is basically a new innovative process to remove, to extract and purify proteins from human blood plasma in it differences relative to what it’s done in tthey industry today which is known as tthey Cohn processes, our process doesn’t use any ethanol and it is done a neutral pH so we have a process that uses two different concentrations of salt, we’ve chosen a salt sodium citrate which is used currently as a preservative in blood products so it is kind of like user-friendly in that manner. We have two different concentrates to precipitate out tthey high value-added proteins first alpha-1 antitrypsin which is currently used as replacement ttheyrapy for intheyrited COPD as well IVIG. And so with respect to what we’re actually doing, we have contracted with a Contract Manufacturing Organization, a CMO in late January. We are in tthey process of finalizing and optimizing tthey downstream portions of that process tthey chromatography steps et cetera, with tthey goal of having a pre-IND meeting over tthey next quarter or so scaling up and finalizing tthey CMC section of an IND filing manufacturing tthey clinical material with tthey plan of getting into tthey clinic in early 2016 and we will discuss with tthey FDA exactly what our clinical trial program is but we expect it to be similar in size and scope as tthey recent trial done by Kamada to get ttheyir Glassia product which is tthey last alpha-1 antitrypsin actually approved. Following that we will look to IVIG and potentially ottheyr orphan proteins wtheyre our process might have some kind of competitive advantage over tthey Cohn process. So that is wtheyre we are with respect to tthey intheyrited COPD program. I thought I might just expand a little bit what Steve Rouhandeh said with respect to our financial position. If you look on tthey publicly available Form 10-Q for tthey first quarter we have approximately $8 million in cash on tthey balance ttheyyet at that time. As mentioned by Steve we did a $7 million private placement in April. Followed by a $10 million private placement in May, followed by tthey acquisition of Abeona which had a cash balance from its raises with tthey Sanfilippo foundation as well as grants for development. And additionally we have had approximately $4 million in tthey exercise of warrants that brought in tthey cash for warrants from tthey public uplifting transaction that we did in December. So I'll let you do tthey math yourself but tthey previously mentioned numbers that is up to roughly $30 million that’s prior to any burn thus far in tthey second quarter. So that’s to kind of give you tthey background on tthey financials I guess. Before we open it up to Q&A just from an investor relation perspective I mentioned a few things. We're presenting tomorrow at tthey MarCom Micro-cap Conference at 11:00 AM Eastern time that’s at tthey Grand Hyatt Hotel in New York City. Next week we're at tthey Jefferies Conference on Tuesday June 6th with 11:30 Eastern June 2nd sorry 11:30 AM Eastern and that’s also at tthey Grand Hyatt as well as we're going be presenting at tthey LD Micro Conference out on tthey West Coast that would be Monday June 1st at 11:00 AM Pacific. I believe that is at tthey LUX Hotel in LA. And ttheyn upcoming we're going be at tthey Bio-Conference in Philadelphia wtheyre on Thursday June 18th we have a 10:45 AM presentation slide. And most of those conferences is available we will webcast online togettheyr with audio and our slides and those will be archived. So I’d say just as you look to our press releases prior to tthey conference that will give you more details on those conferences as well as how to get to tthey links for tthey webcast. I think with that maybe we will open it up to Q&A. Operator if you provide tthey instructions and ttheyn we can take some questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instruction] Thank you. Tthey first question is from Elemer Piros of ROTH Capital Partners. Please go atheyad. Elemer Piros Jeff just one bit of clarification without any additional burden tthey cash at least according to my calculation is about 35 million is that roughly under tthey ballpark? Jeff Davis I think you're in tthey right ballpark yes. Elemer Piros And what is your anticipated burn rate now that you will start during tthey next 12 months I think see different clinical trials? Steven Rouhandeh Right, so ttheir is Steve Rouhandeh at ttheir point we haven’t given sort of formal guidance yet. But I can tell you that just sort of approximations on what you can sort of -- you can kind of add it up from our publicly available statements. We think on tthey SDF that’s kind of a 5 million to 6 million more on spend to get it to market from what we spend already. We think tthey Sanfilippo's A and B could be approximately 5 million each. So we clearly have to get through Phase 1 on each of those. So we clearly have and we have a fairly modest G&A ttheyre are about 10 or 11 employees in tthey Company. So we clearly have enough money to get to inflection points and probably beyond on our pipeline at ttheir point. As we've just digested tthey acquisition and we're going be filing audited numbers shortly and we'll be giving sort of more precise guidance but I just wanted to give you sort of tthey maybe 30,000 foot but 3,000 foot level on wtheyre we're looking, how we're looking at it right now. Elemer Piros And if I may ask Tim if you could talk a little bit about tthey upcoming Sanfilippo B and A trials. Tthey end times are different but tthey manifestations of ttheyse two conditions are very similar. Would ttheyre be any trial design differences between tthey two of ttheym? Tim Miller Sure, so ttheyre will be some small differences. One is first tthey number of patients that will enroll for MPS IIIB and we will be slightly smaller than tthey number of patients that we enroll for MPS IIIA, I mean that’s really a function of prevalence in tthey United States. So we will enroll six to nine patients for IIIB and nine to 12 patients for MPS IIIA. Tthey designs are very similar from both and our clinical efficacy endpoint measurements and tthey follow-up timeframes, very similar designs have also been used in tthey ongoing natural theirtory study. One of tthey strengths of ttheir program is really that natural theirtory study being conducted by Nationwide Children's Hospital that has been able to theylp us Cohn in and evaluate good clinical efficacy endpoints that’s one of tthey strength of ttheir program going forward. Elemer Piros And what is tthey status of those natural theirtory studies to what [Multiple Speaker]? Tim Miller Ttheyy have enrolled 25 patients to-date, and 50% of ttheym are through ttheyir six month endpoints, 25% of ttheym have reactheyd ttheyir one year endpoint. Tthey FDA is very keen on asking companies to develop natural theirtory studies and ttheyy are looking at ttheyse rare diseases and have asked for ttheir type of information to be filed as a perquisite for IND filings and so all of ttheir data will be going into our IND filings. Elemer Piros And just one last question about ttheyse two conditions. If I understand correctly, one has a more tthey faster time course, would that be factored in into your clinical trials as a one potential difference and somewhat related would be ages of ttheyse children that would be enrolled be different in tthey two different studies? Tim Miller So one of tthey things that we've learned through tthey natural theirtory study is that tthey progression of ttheyse diseases isn't as much a function of age as it is really tthey manifestations of tthey disease and we won't be putting an age ceiling on ttheyse studies, again looking at our natural theirtory profiles we've been able to demonstrate that ttheyse manifestations and how ttheyy are looking at, how ttheyy are evaluated from a clinical efficacy endpoint standpoint has really been a driver in how we're going to be enrolling ttheyse trials and certainly ttheyse are tthey potential candidates to enroll in tthey clinical trials. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from [Paul Mann of Soros]. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Just on tthey trial MPS IIIA and IIIB trials that are going to start later in tthey year. Obviously it is going to be open label, I am assuming ttheyy are open label and so we're going to see clinical data wtheyre we're going to see real time results as ttheyse trials are ongoing. So how do you intend to communicate ttheyse results to investors because obviously ttheir means information not just how ttheyse drugs are looking? Tim Miller Sure, that’s a great question. We have some of our -- some of tthey primary endpoints in ttheyse initial trials are safety and we will be able to tthey data and safety events is s reported to Medline so that will certainly be publittheyyd information. As far as efficacy is considered we'll be putting out information certainly later in tthey trials as we get through sufficient numbers of enrollments after tthey six month and 12 month endpoints. Unidentified Analyst Maybe a question for Steve, you mentioned you are looking at ottheyr opportunities as well and it sounds like you have got a decent cash balance and have to see through well see tthey Company to profitability what ottheyr stuff you are looking at in-licensing potentially and are ttheyre opportunities out ttheyre? Tim Miller Well I can just tell you so wtheyn we came across Abeona we had obviously cast a kind of wide net to move tthey company into tthey gene-ttheyrapy space, and so we're looking at sort of complimentary things that maybe use tthey same vector academic kind of collaborations, it's hard to predict what you'll do and you got to be careful about that, so we're not currently planning any sort of large M&A deals like tthey one we just did, but we're looking for sort of bolt-on and tthey strategies for bolt-on complementary things that sort of fit right in wtheyre ttheyre would be synergy and sort of manufacturing and expertise, things like that which we had -- wtheyn we went out to look for and found Abeona we had sort of vetteda few of ttheyse and ttheyy are all just working away sort of through tthey process at ttheir point. Unidentified Analyst And in terms of tthey Alpha and Alpha 1, I think you're expecting to get some data on tthey manufacturing process at some point and maybe tthey late first half or over tthey summer, can you give us a bit on wtheyn one should expect that timing in terms of yields and tthey velocity of tthey process and so forth? Jeff Davis Sure, I mean, I think Paul, ttheir is Jeff Davis I think even tthey process in terms of tthey optimization of tthey downstream chromatography is going as expected. We still believe we'll have some data to talk about before tthey end of tthey first half year theyre and that would be just verifying what we believe are vastly increased yields on ttheyse proteins, purity half life some of those things. We've also as part of that process we're looking at tthey initial precipitates for ttheyse ultra-orphan proteins to see what else is in ttheyre wtheyre our process may have a particular strategic advantage meaning it has higtheyr yields than tthey Cohn process or maybe it has commercially viable yields and that would be for some of ttheyse ultra-orphan proteins like plasminogen or C-1 esterase inhibitor, anti-thrombin III things like that. So we have that analysis ongoing as well and so tthey plan we still to have something to talk about with respect to finalizing that process by tthey end of tthey first half of ttheir year. Unidentified Analyst And if you were to find some ultra-orphan products out of tthey process, how quickly could you advance those into tthey clinic obviously tthey value uplift from that could be off tthey charts? Jeff Davis Yes I mean I think we could be not too far behind wtheyre we're with our alpha 1 program and ttheyre are couple of ottheyr comparables out ttheyre ProMedic up in Canada wtheyre I recall you've spent some time. ProMedic has talked about in some of ttheyir public investor conference saying that ttheyy're looking at plasminogen wtheyre ttheyre is currently not approved protein and wtheyre ttheyre discussions with tthey FDA around tthey clinical pathway forward are quite comparable. Now I guess to what we've seen in some of tthey C-1 esterase or alpha 1 meaning you kind of have a Phase I/pivotal single trial with very few patients. I mean I think tthey ProMedic -- tthey ProMedic's last presentation, investor presentation I saw ttheyy were talking about Phase I/pivotal trial for plasminogen that would only entail something like 25 patients or something like that. So I think we could move those atheyad pretty aggressively. Unidentified Analyst Okay, great. Thank you. Steven Rouhandeh And I'll just add Paul really those would be in keeping with tthey strategy you recall as Tim mentioned which is we're looking at -- we're sort of laser focused on rare diseases, so we're quite interested in seeing if any of that, if tthey process yields anything that's viable or interesting that is a priority at tthey Company. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question is from Richard Malinsky, a Private Investor. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Congratulations on really diversifying ttheir business, but a couple of quick questions on MuGard and ProctiGard, could you give us a quick update on what's going on, on ProctiGard or MuGard and also can you give me a few companies in tthey plasma space that can we compare evaluations of those companies with what our evaluations is theyre for plasma? Steven Rouhandeh Ttheir is Steve Rouhandeh, well, ttheyre is -- it's a good question. We recently -- tthey Company has had a little bit of stock run up and as a policy like most companies we don't comment on stock price, but even with our market cap wtheyre it is which is slightly over 200 million approximately right now. If you look at comparables in tthey gene ttheyrapy and I think everybody is aware of who tthey companies are and what tthey valuations are ttheyy tend to trade from 1 billion to 5 billion maybe pre-clinical to Phase I. In tthey plasma space ttheyre are not as many peer plays ttheyre is three big fractionators that control 16% of tthey market in tthey smaller area ttheyre is a couple I guess that if you look at our presentation which is on our website. China Biologics and ProMedic a company Jeff just mentioned and I haven’t looked at ttheyir market caps in a while but maybe a month ago ttheyy were at a 1.5 billion and 2.5 billion respectively. And China Biologics is a commercial stage company. So it's not quite as comparable. But I think what it shows you is that, it is from an investment standpoint it's potentially very lucrative space to be in and we're quite happy with our technology. So I don’t know that were direct comparables to those and answer your question those are couple companies that our Plasma, drives protein companies and or with or without interesting technology. Unidentified Analyst One last question I see that Novartis is doing a study with your MuGard. Can you explain little bit about that Novartis how that came about in and why ttheyy're doing ttheir? Steven Rouhandeh Novartis has a oncology treatment called Afinitor which was initially proved for some smaller brain and renal cancers. About 18 to 24 months ago ttheyy kind expanded later on refractory breast cancer which -- and vastly increased I would say tthey potential target population for that drug. Afinitor if you look in tthey publicly available clinical trial data like on tthey package inserts have side effects that ttheyy call severe stomatitis which presents a lot like oral mucositis. And ttheyre was a breast cancer doc at tthey Jonsson Cancer Center at UCLA who try in MuGard with some of theyr breast cancer patients that were on a drug regimen that included Novartis Afinitor. And ttheyy found anecdotally on does patients or so that tthey patients using MuGard had a significant clinical benefit from that. And so ttheyy approach both Novartis and ourselves about doing a single site randomized and controlled trial looking at patients on that kind of regimen eittheyr using MuGard or using some sort of standard of care which tends to be a celine based or bicarbonate rinse based just sort of palliative mouth rinse. And so both Novartis and our cells and our partner theyre in tthey United States now Hanmi Pharmaceuticals agreed to provide clinical material for that trial. That trail started enrolling patients it’s planned to be I believe 60 patients 30 in each arm began rolling I believe in January. And so should read out I believe sometime later ttheir year although we are not we don’t have sort of real time enrollment data. But I think that could be a significant potential upside in terms of theylping with tthey marketing and commercialization of MuGard. Unidentified Analyst Great, thank you so much guys I appreciate it. Tim Miller Alright I think that’s going to be it I think -- we are going to try to keep ttheir to about half and I think we sort of did to tthey minute. So I want to thank everybody for ttheyir participation and if ttheyre were questions that you wanted to ask and didn’t get our contact and information is available on our Web site we're happy to be in touch with investors. And I think you can look forward to very proactive effort to keep our investors and all our stake holders informed on what we're doing and hopefully you share tthey excitement that we had a quite a few interesting prospects in front of ttheir and look forward to keeping you updated on that to tthey rest of tthey year. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen ttheir does concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. And thank you for your participation.