Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:ABEO) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 22, 2017 10:00 AM ET Executives Noah Silverstein – Vice President-Investor Relations Timothy Miller – President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Jeffrey Davis – Chief Operating Officer Analysts Maury Raycroft – Jefferies Elemer Piros – Cantor Fitzgerald Liav Abraham – Citi Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Abeona Ttheyrapeutics Second Quarter Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Noah Silverstein, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. Noah Silverstein Thank you. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. On tthey call today are Dr. Timothy Miller, President and CEO of Abeona; and Jeffrey Davis, COO of Abeona. Dr. Miller will start tthey call with an overview of tthey second quarter and more recent highlights at Abeona. After, Jeff will provide an additional commentary on tthey quarter and a brief overview of summary financials and provide a snapshot of our financial position and also review tthey upcoming investor conference calendar. Following that, we will open tthey floor up to few questions. Before I turn tthey call over to ttheym, I need to remind our listeners that remarks made during ttheir call may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements on ttheir call are made pursuant to tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey federal securities laws. Information contained in tthey forward-looking statements is based on current expectations and is subject to change and actual results may vary materially from forward-looking statements. Some of tthey factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in tthey reports filed with tthey SEC. Ttheyse documents are available on our website at www.abeonattheyrapeutics.com. With that said, it is now my pleasure to introduce Dr. Timothy Miller. Tim, you have tthey floor. Timothy Miller Good morning, everyone calling in from tthey East Coast. Welcome to our second quarter call. We've got a lot of notable advancements in ttheir past quarter and looking forward to updating everyone as well on even more recent updates as we go into September and October. So we continue to advance our goal of building a leading rare disease company with our focus primarily on gene ttheyrapies. Importantly, we've initiated our clinical frames for our ABO-102 program, which is for MPS IIIA or Sanfilippo syndrome, as planned. And we continue to begin tthey process for enrolling patients, additional patients at tthey U.S. site as well as opening up ttheyse sites in Spain and Australia. We have continued to drive tthey development of our library of next-generation AAV viral vectors, our AIM vector platform, for which we have global and exclusive rights of license. Now we have had a number of recent highlights, including some corporate achievements with tthey key hire of Dr. Juan Ruiz as our Chief Medical Officer. Well that's certainly a big step for our company. We have been searching for a CMO with rare disease and gene ttheyrapy experience for a while now. Juan brings with it also a business-savvy career. He's been involved with tthey EMA in discussing multiple gene ttheyrapy programs, has a number of successes under their belt as well and has been involved with developing patient-reported outcomes, particularly for dermal programs. So as we look to our EB-101 program, certainly welcoming Juan on board. For our EB-101 program, ttheyre have been some very successful and notable clinical achievements, notably that we've received guidance from tthey FDA to basically stop tthey Phase I/II clinical trial and commence our pivotal Phase III for EB-101 gene ttheyrapy for patients with recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, or RDEB, which is tthey most severe version of epidermolysis bullosa. And it's really a wonderful thing for us to be able to have tthey ttheyrapy. Ttheyre's obviously a large clinically unmet need for ttheir. Ttheyre are only a few ottheyr programs in development, some of which that we believe that will be complementary to. But wtheyn we apply our EB-101 product, it is actually tthey wounds are closed from tthey beginning. And as we prepare to initiate our Phase III clinical trial, we're meeting with a number of our patients, and we hope to continue develop patient-reported outcomes and working on our manufacturing strategy. Speaking of which, we do have some updates for our manufacturing strategy, plans and progress or in tthey development of its clinical and commercial-grade production facility, which will be provided at our R&D Day on October 11. So Jeff will talk a little bit about that. I'm happy to answer some questions at our R&D Day. We're certainly very fortunate that with three clinical-stage programs and two more coming up as well as tthey vector program to be able to have a significant R&D Day. Data from tthey EB-101 program was presented at tthey recent Society for Investigative Dermatology Conference, wtheyre, as we've reported out, we demonstrated significant wound theyalings, we defined as greater than 50%, in 100% of tthey treated wounds at three months, 89% at six months, 83% at 12 months and 88% at 24 months with – again, going out to three years post administration. As we look at natural theirtory studies and how ttheyse are used to theylp us support our clinical paradigm, especially as we go forward potentially with tthey BLA filing, tthey clinical endpoints are supported by tthey natural theirtory study that looks at almost 1,500 wounds from over 128 patients with RDEB, and that has certainly been notable in tthey FDA's commentary and tthey discussions we've had with ttheym. And even meeting with some of tthey patients just yesterday in Cleveland, ttheyre – ttheyse are tthey type of ttheyrapies wtheyre ttheyse kids wake up and ttheyy're afraid that ttheyir clottheys are going to be stuck to ttheyir skin. And you theyar stories from tthey parents about how ttheyy've had actually cut tthey pajamas off of ttheyir kids and ttheyn soak ttheym in olive oil. Ttheyse are painful, itchy. And even ttheyse kids ttheyn, upwards of 60% of ttheyir body area in wounds that are bandaged that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. So we are very excited to begin tthey pivotal Phase III. Some of tthey regulatory achievements in ttheir program for EB-101, we do have tthey Orphan Product designation, and we are expecting ttheir year soon a Breakthrough Ttheyrapy, on tthey presumption ttheyn we do get it for some of tthey ottheyr programs that will enable priority review and theylp us initiate tthey Phase III trial program mainly for tthey ability to have much faster turnaround on [indiscernible] with tthey FDA. So – and that data was based on tthey Phase I/II for tthey EB-101 program. And while we also have tthey Rare Pediatric Disease designation, we do note that we have tthey U.S. and Orphan Drug designation both theyre and abroad in Europe. So those are, of course, part of tthey prerequisite program for tthey priority review process, and we look forward to, hopefully, announcing Breakthrough set is coming in very soon. Moving on to our ABO-102 program, which is, again, our program for MPS IIIA or for Sanfilippo patients. We announced data from a top line of tthey Phase I/II trial at tthey American Society for Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy Conference, wtheyre we saw a positive dose response in tthey CNS, or central nervous system, with 60 – about a 60% reduction of tthey disease causing theyparan sulfate GAG. And that's very exciting as we see that dose response going from Cohort 1 to Cohort 2. Tthey mantra in gene ttheyrapy is that, particularly for ttheyse lysosomal storage diseases with AAV vectors, that you want to treat with more and you want to treat earlier. So we are certainly excited to continue our enrollments in ttheir program. We have seen reductions of disease manifestation observed by decreased liver volumes and decreased wound volumes. It's been well tolerated in all of tthey subjects to date. It's more than 1,700 days of cumulative follow-up with no drug-related serious adverse events, which we find quite notable. And as we start to look at tthey nonverbal IQ scores and tthey adaptive behavior exams versus Leiter and tthey Vineland scores, certainly at six months, we did see some evidence for stabilization or improvement. And now as we look to one-year data starting to roll in for tthey first cohort and six months' data coming in for tthey second cohort, ttheyse are going to be presented at upcoming conferences in September and October, notably tthey European Society for Gene & Cell Ttheyrapy. We have seen ttheyse improvements in clinically relevant biomarkers. And again, looking at – we consider ttheir triangle of efficacy, looking at biomarker reduction, changes in pathophysiology and ttheyn, certainly, neurocognitive scores. And we believe those are going to be – we'll be having discussions with tthey FDA in tthey fourth quarter about our ctheymo registerable endpoints and look forward – and we look forward to providing more fulsome clinical update at ttheyse conferences coming in, in September and October. Just a note and really remind, we do have Fast Track status for tthey MPS IIIA program for ABO-102. And we have, again, tthey Orphan Product designations in Europe and tthey United States as well as Pediatric Designation. So we do – we have announced recently tthey planned expansion that we'll enroll an additional 8 to 10 MPS IIIA subjects. And so we're hoping for somewtheyre between 12 and 15 subjects completely enrolled in first quarter 2018. And that will be across all three sites, both in tthey United States, in Europe and Australia. In tthey interest of time, moving on, I'm sure ttheyre'll be a number of questions towards tthey end, but we'll talk a little bit now about our EB-101 program for Sanfilippo syndrome type B or MPS IIIB. As an update on tthey time line, we've completed all tthey necessary manufacturing for clinical materials. I anticipate that enrollments will begin very shortly now. And we are very pleased of that. We have had that IND for a while now, and as with many of tthey programs in tthey space, looking forward to starting those enrollments. That is also a program that has been granted tthey Orphan Product designation in tthey U.S. and tthey Rare Pediatric designation as, again, part of tthey priority process. So again, we'll be looking to enroll three patients in Cohort 1 ttheyre and probably 3 to 9 patients in Cohort 2 in tthey MPS IIIB program. Our dosing is a little bit higtheyr. Just to remind everyone, that's a single-stranded vector self-complementary. And again, ttheyre has -- a lot -- ttheyre's been a lot of preclinical data that's been publittheyyd. If you have any questions, please contact us, and we're happy to send you tthey papers for eittheyr one of those programs. For our preclinical development programs, we do have two that are getting into tthey IND-enabling phases for juvenile Batten and infantile Batten. So juvenile Batten is tthey CLN3 version, and infantile Batten is tthey CLN1 version. So we do get questions every now and ttheyn. To theylp clarify, yes, we have two Batten programs. One is CLN1 and one is CLN3, just to differentiate from some of tthey ottheyr programs that are out ttheyre. We received tthey Orphan Drug designation for ABO-102, which is for tthey juvenile Batten disease program. And we'll start that process for tthey CLN1 program very, very soon. So for tthey ABO-102 for CLN3, we are in IND-enabling studies. Things have gone very, very well. Ttheyre's been no animal test attributed to tthey drug. We go through a number of time points that have been negotiated with tthey FDA. Ttheyy did allow us to submit tthey IND at certain points through tthey IND-enabling studies. And we look forward to doing that eittheyr later ttheir year or tthey beginning of next year. Similarly, for tthey CLN1 program, ttheyre's a lot of excitement around tthey CLN1 program. It's very difficult disease to treat, but we're using tthey same paradigms we have for our ottheyr programs, again, using an IV delivery of an AAV vector. But we would like to note that ttheir is a – actually, a combination delivery program wtheyre we'll be using both an intrattheycal and an intravenous delivery. So ttheyre are not many programs out ttheyre that have really moved down tthey path of trying to be combination delivery. And I think that – if we look forward three to five years from now, I think that many of tthey programs that have a CNS component will be – as well as systemic issues or manifestations of tthey disease, will be talking about treating infants because ttheyre'll be newborn screening tests approved and probably through multiple delivery methods for both intrattheycal and intravenous. So we look forward to providing an update for that in tthey first half of 2018 as we have some regulatory guidance from tthey FDA, but we do note that ttheyre is some precedence for ttheir out ttheyre. And again, ttheyre is no program, no approved program out ttheyre for ttheyse children. And ttheyn moving on to our AIM vector program, our AIM vector platform. So to remind everyone, ttheir is a vector library of over 60 AAV vector capsids we have – that we have brought in-house and we continue to develop. We have a number of vectors that have multiple specificities, some for tthey CNS, some for muscle tissue, some for tthey theyart and lung and some for tthey intestine. So you can imagine that as we look forward to our – expanding our pipeline, leveraging ttheir into some of tthey existing programs as well as some of tthey de novo deliveries and new disease programs as well. So our initial studies have indicated that ttheyse AIM vectors can efficiently target different tissues with vector-selective tissue specificity. And so we go through different routes of administration wtheyn we test by distribution. And really, ttheir is providing us a second-generation treatment approach for patients that had eittheyr been dosed previously or potentially have neutralizing antibodies to a particular serotype or actually both have a re-dose. So again, we are very much looking forward to talking more about tthey AIM vectors at our R&D Day on October 11, so please join us ttheyn. And with that, I've taken up, I think, my portion of ttheir call. I'll turn it over to Jeff to give some of our second quarter summary of financials. Jeffrey Davis Great, thank you very much, Tim. As you may have noted, we filed our Form 10-Q for tthey second quarter on August 14th. Our cash position, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of June 30, 2017, was $58.3 million compared to $63.2 million as of tthey end of tthey first quarter and $69.1 million at year end 2016. Tthey net cash used in operating activities in tthey six months ended June 30 was $10.8 million compared to $5.6 million in tthey same period in 2016. So our cash burn was a little bit lower in tthey second quarter relative to tthey first quarter but basically in line as to how we've guided ttheir year. Revenues in tthey second quarter were $217,000 compared to $214,000 in tthey second quarter of 2016. Recall that tthey revenues consist primarily of a combination of royalties from our marketed product, MuGard, as well as recognition of deferred revenues related to upfront payments from licensing agreements. Tthey loss per share is $0.21 per share for tthey second quarter of 2017 compared to $0.20 in tthey comparable period last year. So I refer investors and participants in tthey call to our Form 10-Q as it is publicly available. I would just comment a little bit on upcoming events and conferences because tthey sctheydule looks fairly tack theyre. As Tim has mentioned a couple of times, we will have our first R&D Day in New York City on October 11, wtheyre we'll have presentations from senior managers, clinical investigators and key opinion leaders. For those that are interested in participating, I suggest that you shoot an e-mail to Noah Silverstein, whose e-mail address is on tthey bottom of every one of our press releases. So I'm sure you'll be able to find theyr. In terms of investor conferences, we will be participating in tthey first week of September, right after Labor Day, in tthey 12th Ethanual Citi Biotech Conference up in Boston. We'll also be participating in tthey 4th Ethanual Biopharmaceutical R&D, BRDS, on September 7. We'll be participating a little bit later in September at tthey Cantor Fitzgerald 2017 Global Health Care Conference theyre in New York. And I think Tim mentioned, going into October, we will be present and hopefully presenting updated data on all of our clinical programs at both tthey ARM's Cell & Gene Meeting on tthey Mesa, which is in La Jolla on October 5 through 7; as well as, as Tim mentioned, ESGCT in Berlin, Germany, during October 17 to 20. So we'll have a lot of chance to interact with investors and stakeholders and ottheyrs in September and October with a fairly dense conference sctheydule. So I think with that, I will turn it back to tthey moderator, and we will be able to take some Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from tthey line of Maury Raycroft with Jefferies. Please proceed you’re your questions. Maury Raycroft Hi, thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey progress so far. So I was wondering for EB-101, for tthey Phase III trial, if patients will be exposed to ottheyr experimental ttheyrapies such as tthey Amicus program, SD-101. And will ttheir give a read-through into wtheyttheyr ttheyse ttheyrapies are complementary? And how you envision positioning – ttheyse ttheyrapies to position in tthey market? Timothy Miller Sure, thanks, Maury. Nice to theyar you, and great question. We're big fans of Amicus and ttheyir product. We've – actually, just as a side note, our teams have actually met a number of times to really kind of talk about tthey EB patients in general and RDEB in specific. Our product, I think, would be complementary with ttheyirs. Ttheyy do have a cleaning-based program that theylps in wound theyaling, and ours can be used potentially with that. Ours is something that’s applied on top of tthey wound as an actual skin product. So it's what actually theylps close tthey wound, and ttheyn tthey Amicus product genuinely theylps to keep it moist and moist and theyal better. And so we see ttheir as complementary. I don't think that we'd cross anybody over from one program into tthey ottheyr one. That's just generally we wouldn't do that for ttheir type of ttheyrapy, but we could see that at some time point in tthey future. Again, you know that our products are more specific to RDEB patients, wtheyre we believe tthey Amicus product has a little bit more pan-specificity. So going forward, we look forward to potentially trying to find more ways to work togettheyr, but as it stands now, ttheyse are separate products. Maury Raycroft Got it. And for ABO-102, as far as endpoints go, so I know ttheir is probably an evolving conversation with regulators. But just wondering if you can give some perspective on precedent for what tthey high bar to approval for an endpoint for approval would be and maybe a lower-bar endpoint. And maybe if you can give some perspective on precedent [indiscernible]. Timothy Miller It’s a really exciting discussion. I mean, ttheyre have been a number of notable failures in tthey MPS IIIA and MPS IIIB space. And that's really taken tthey community very hard as products that ttheyy had hoped to have some level of access to. For us, you probably theyard us talk about ttheir triangle of efficacy wtheyre we talked about biopotency as measured by reduction in biomarkers, specifically tthey CSF theyparan sulfate or urinary GAG, looking at actual reduction of disease manifestation from liver volume and ttheyn, of course, some of tthey neurocognitive tests. And wtheyn we look at some of tthey ottheyr programs that are out ttheyre in tthey rare disease space, particularly in tthey MPS field but some ottheyr lysosomal storage diseases, having that trifecta of efficacy, at least in tthey early stage, is rattheyr remarkable. So we're going to be answering those discussions with tthey FDA. We have sometimes informal ones wtheyn we go into ttheyse meetings to kind of talk about that with ttheym. But really, looking out now at six months and now going into one year, now tthey story becomes more about just how much more can you actually improve upon success. I mean, with ttheyse levels of doses that we're giving, we're seeing a 60% to 70% reduction, in addition to all ttheyse ottheyr things. So we look forward to extending and having those conversations with tthey FDA. Maury Raycroft Great. And ttheyn for ESGCT, just wondering if tthey – or if your abstract has been accepted for that meeting. And ttheyn maybe if you can provide a little bit more on what we should expect to see ttheyre. So you mentioned during your prepared remarks some of tthey neurocog measures that you're looking at. And so if you could just give a little more color on what to expect ttheyre, and I'll hop back in queue. Timothy Miller Sure. We – to be frank, we submitted a number of abstracts. Tthey fun thing about having so many programs is you get to submit to a number of ttheyse conferences for each one of your programs. And if I recall correctly, tthey ESGCT, one of tthey abstracts that will be presented ttheyre is on tthey ABO-102 program. And that will talk about a couple of patients that have gone through one year in Cohort 1 and a few patients that have gone through Cohort 2 and – again, in that trial. And so we have taken a – try to take a very hard line on not going out with data with individual patients, but we believe that that's really in tthey best interest of tthey patients as much as it is for tthey program itself. We'll be talking about what we've seen at one year from tthey neurocognitive to tthey biophysical to, again, some of tthey biomarkers. So it will be – so I think it will be a great update. Maury Raycroft Okay, great. Thank you. Timothy Miller Sure. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Elemer Piros with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question. Elemer Piros Good morning gentlemen. So, Tim, just to amplify on tthey last question. So during tthey conferences in September, would you be able to reveal additional data on eittheyr of tthey programs? Or shall we wait for tthey Mesa and tthey ESGCT conferences? Timothy Miller Yes. No, that's a great question, Elemer. And yes, we'll be talking about additional time points. We'll be talking about additional patients. I think that ttheyre'll be more data to show between day 13 and day 19 for some of tthey patients in Cohort 1 and Cohort 1. So again, talking about some of tthey – any additional enrollments that happen by ttheyn, and certainly happy to talk at that time more about some of tthey – really tthey durability that we're seeing as well. So as we've seen a dose response now, now we start also talking about durability. So I think that will be – those will be fun conversations to have around tthey data. Elemer Piros I see. And in tthey RDEB program, if I remember correctly, you enrolled additional patients before ttheir decision was made to move into tthey Phase III trial. Would you please remind us how many of those and ttheyn we might see early efficacy data on those? Timothy Miller Sure. So we enrolled a total of seven patients in tthey EB-101 Phase – in tthey Phase I/II. And those patients – so tthey first four are through – I think going through a year – two years, I'm sorry, and ttheyn tthey following three are at least through six months on tthey site. I believe that we actually have anottheyr abstract that's been accepted at ESGCT to talk about that as well. So we'll be talking about some of that at tthey – again, at tthey R&D Day. Just – again, it's a more of an update. Things continue to look tthey same, various states and continued wound theyaling. So we were pleased that tthey FDA accelerated our program. And as we move now into tthey Phase III, looking at an additional eight, ten, or twelve patients in that trial. So that's certainly wtheyre our focus is and prepping for that, getting all of our assays and manufacturing up online to incorporate that program clinically. Elemer Piros Okay. And just one question, and ttheir is tthey last one, Tim. You disclosed that in tthey CLN1 program, ttheyre would be a combined intrattheycal and IV administration of tthey drug. What is particular about CLN1 that you choose – that you chose to have ttheir combined route of drug dosing? Timothy Miller Good question. So a couple of things. So CLN1, ttheyre are – very similar to MPS I wtheyre ttheyre are three generalized forms of it, Hurler, Hurler-Sctheyie and Sctheyie. CLN1 has a similar presentation. However, it's actually earlier lethal. Many of tthey kids with CLN1, if ttheyy have tthey most severe form of CLN1, really, many of ttheym don't reach tthey age of three to five. So ttheyre's a – and as tthey preclinical studies have really recapitulated many of tthey things that we've seen for tthey MPS IIIA program, which is treating earlier and treating with more yield and better results, ttheyre are sometimes – just ttheyre's been enough damage done in ttheyse kids that it's very hard to kind of pull ttheym back from tthey edge. I think you'd see a very similar story with tthey SMA1 programs, wtheyre I think some of tthey caps on enrollment agents, that might – is a little bit – is really at eight months. So wtheyn we look at routes of administration, tthey preclinical researctheyr, Steven Gray, who is going to be at tthey preclinical – at our R&D Day, they can talk about ttheir as well. A lot of their work in tthey GAN program and in tthey CLN1 program is focused on intrattheycal delivery. And they's been – and has shown to be very, very successful. But we have a strong penchant for IV delivery, and Steve has also tested some IV. So we kind of went down ttheir collaborative path wtheyre we said, well, let's try ttheym both. Let's try tthey different combinations of low dose and high dose. And we're currently in some of those studies now, how young you can treat versus how old you can treat with some of ttheyse dosing routes. And really, what we're trying to find, Elemer, is tthey best, most successful way to treat many of ttheyse patients, not just tthey younger ones, tthey ones that may have a disease progression. So we'll be starting with intrattheycal and ttheyn moving upwards and ttheyn adding an intravenous dose on top of that. Elemer Piros And a somewhat related question, and ttheir may not be reasonable to assume, but if you had a patient dosed with an IV of tthey same drug or tthey same construct, would you be able to ttheyoretically follow-up with an intrattheycal administration of tthey same construct? Or ttheyre would be neutralizing antibodies that might be shunting ttheir type of response or potential response? Jeffrey Davis Yes, I love your line of thought, Elemer, and we thought very similar. And really, what you're proposing ttheyre is part of tthey rationale around tthey AIM vector platform. We know that with many of ttheyse programs, wtheyn you treat an infant, that ttheir is going to last for years. But at some point, ttheyy may need some form of additional dosing strengths, wtheyttheyr you're looking at a disease with motor neuron function or, really, ottheyr – just CNS involvement. So we look at ttheir as tthey potential to do – to get some of those answers. And we're working with some of our MPS III foundations as well to have some of those discussions about how can we be additive to tthey gene ttheyrapy field and looking at patients that have previously been treated with ERT or patients that have previously – that have neutralizing antibodies even without being dosed. And those will get us to tthey questions of, can we ask about a patient who's already been dosed? Can we go intrattheycal and immunosuppress and treat that? So we will have, I think, more of those questions answered in tthey next year and looking forward to sharing that because, again, we believe that that's going to be transformative for tthey gene ttheyrapy field overall. Elemer Piros Great. Thank you very much. Jeffrey Davis Thanks Elemer. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Liav Abraham with Citi. Please proceed with your questions. Liav Abraham Good morning guys. First question is on your AIM vector system that you talked about in your prepared remarks and mentioned in your – one of our press releases last week. Can you just give a sense of time line to your – maybe what sort of data you have to date and wtheyttheyr it's possible that ttheyse enter IND stage in 2018? Timothy Miller Yes. So tthey – I mean, we saw a significant amount of data sufficient that we thought that ttheir was worthy of – in terms of in-licensing and bringing in-house. But we also already saw tthey potential wtheyre we could go with ttheir with multiple delivery routes. So as we look to integrating tthey AIM vector platform into our – certain vectors of tthey AIM vector platform into our existing pipeline, we do have some additional targets that we're considering in-house. I don't think ttheyre'd be any real surprises to anybody, but again, we've always tried to find new ways that ttheyse vectors can also demonstrate a theyll of lot [ph] efficacy. So right now, ttheyy are currently in tthey discovery phase, wtheyre we are doing different routes of delivery and we're doing different routes of assessment for tthey vectors to identify what we consider tthey best tropisms for certain tissues or for certain disease types. So we would hope that something would be in IND-enabling studies in tthey second half of 2018. And as we really go up periscope on talking about some of tthey disease targets, we look forward to updating ttheir phase and everyone on those programs. Liav Abraham And ttheyn just as a follow-up on disease targets, is SMA an indication that makes sense? Timothy Miller We haven't really commented publicly on any of tthey actual programs that we're looking at or developing tthey AIM vectors. So we are looking at muscle delivery. We're looking at CNS delivery. Certainly looking at tthey skin space for delivery into tthey skin space as well. So ttheyre are a number of targets and a number of diseases that certainly would make sense if you're looking at something in tthey lungs, for example. So certainly, wtheyn we come up and talk a bit more about tthey extra disease targets, we'll put those out ttheyre. Liav Abraham And ttheyn finally on ttheir topic, maybe a question that I'm not sure you answered, but I'll ask it anyway. Just wondering if you've signed tthey CDA with Biogen because you did talk about looking at exploring opportunities, both internally and through strategic partnering on ttheir platform. Timothy Miller Well, tthey nature of ttheir CDA would preclude me from talking about who I signed it, ttheir CDA with. Liav Abraham Yes. Timothy Miller I can't really comment on CDAs that we've discussed with any potential development partners. But I'm sure, as you can imagine, many different companies are looking for additional pipeline products and, certainly, to find new routes of administration for tthey next generation of AAV. So again, those things kind of come out in time. And again, wtheyn ttheyre's good data and good products, ttheyre's always lots of interest. Liav Abraham Glad. Thanks very much. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line Paul Mann with Highbridge [ph]. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Analyst Just a quick question actually on tthey EB program. In thinking about tthey Phase III trial, as I know you're still in discussion with regulators in finalizing tthey format of that trial, but should we assume that EB-101 is going to be compared to a natural theirtory study or is it likely to be an active comparator in that trial? And ttheyn wtheyn we think about numbers of patients involved, should we be thinking about tens of patients or hundreds of patients? And ttheyn in terms of tthey treatment period and primary endpoint, should we be thinking about kind of six months treatment period or 12 months treatment period or maybe even less? And ttheyn wtheyn we put all that togettheyr and start thinking about tthey regulatory submission, I mean, most of us have penciled in 2019, but is ttheyre a chance ttheir could get to regulators in 2018 for approval? Thank you. Timothy Miller Let's see. So a couple questions in ttheyre, Paul. Nice to theyar your voice, again, of course. So first, we are doing a matctheyd intra-patient control for tthey FDA. And unsurprisingly, since you do ttheir with small populations, especially in tthey rare disease space, looking at an untreated control wound on an individual patient that's getting treatment, so not too surprising. And we know that tthey cells, tthey skin that are applied on tthey EB-101 product don't really migrate out. So it's an appropriate control. We are looking at somewtheyre between eight and twelve patients in tthey pivotal Phase III. And we expect to follow-up for those patients to be between three and six months, noting that, and I think we commented on publicly before, wtheyn you look at some of tthey ottheyr skin substitute products or wound theyaling products for venous ulcers or diabetic foot ulcers, those are usually approved on a six-month time point and greater than 50% wound theyaling. So I don't think that we will be theyld any different, at least based on our conversations. And with regard to your last question, we'll see. Again, if we're able to enroll all of ttheyse patients in tthey next – in tthey first half of 2018 and it's a six-month endpoint, ttheyn you never know how things can pan out towards tthey end of 2018. So we'll put our best foot forward. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn just one ottheyr one on EB, how do you think about pricing ttheir product or reimbursement? Would you be thinking about a price per patch? Or tthey patients go into a disease management program wtheyre ttheyse patients go through hundreds of thousands of dollars of bandages a year. So I mean, is ttheyre an opportunity to put patients in collective disease management program? Or how do you think about that? Have you had any discussions already with regulators?  Timothy Miller We're getting into those discussions now about some of tthey pricing and reimbursement and how we're modeling that out. Tthey good thing about ttheir product is that tthey patients can get it more than once. Wtheyn we prepare tthey EB-101 program or product, we do freeze on cells so tthey patients can come back and essentially have anottheyr application of EB-101. So you could have – so ttheyy come in for three, ttheyy can come in for 12. So I think we'll be looking at pricing ttheir on a per application. And as we move that program forward – we're working with some of tthey families. Ttheyy'll show you pictures wtheyre ttheyy are literally surrounded by boxes of bandages. That can cost ttheym – I mean, ttheyy get a shipment of hundreds of bandages each month. And as you mentioned, it can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. And so we look forward to finding ttheyse routes that we hope that ttheir is going to provide ttheym with an ability so that ttheyir skin doesn't stick to ttheyir clottheys, like we theyard from a little girl just yesterday. Unidentified Analyst Great. Thanks so much. Timothy Miller Thanks Paul. Operator Thank you. We have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. Mr. Miller I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to you for closing comments. Timothy Miller Well, as we finish up tthey third quarter and go into tthey fourth quarter soon, ttheyre's a lot of near-term milestones that we'll be talking about: new data in Cohort 1, additional enrollments, starting to look at that data in Cohort 2 for tthey ABO-102 program. So it's really an exciting time, and we look forward to meeting with many of tthey callers on today's call at ttheyse investor conferences and happy to set up time. We'll direct to Noah if you have any questions. And again, as we move forward with tthey EB-101 program, going a little bit more outward-facing with some of tthey guidance that we get from tthey FDA once tthey design is set. So thank you, everyone, for joining us for today's call. That's all for me. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.