Ambev SA (NYSE:ABEV) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call March 1, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Ricardo Rittes - Chief Financial & IR Officer Bernardo Paiva - CEO Analysts Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ethan Simonato - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Antonio Anaya - Crédit Suisse AG Richard Torres - UBS Investment Bank José Yordán - Deutscthey Bank AG Thiago Duarte - Banco BTG Pactual S.A. Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Results Conference call. Today with us we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Ricardo Rittes, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded, and all participants will be in listen-only mode during tthey Company's presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management, and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events, and ttheyrefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions, and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev, and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature, and, unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with Q4 or full year 2017 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT, and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Ricardo Rittes, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. Mr. Rittes, you may begin your conference. Ricardo Rittes Thank you very much. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our 2017 fourth quarter and full year earnings call. I will guide you through our operational highlights of Brazil, CAC, LAS, and Canada, including our below-tthey-line items and cash flow. After that, Bernardo will give you more details about tthey evolution of our commercial platforms in Brazil. Starting with tthey main highlights of our consolidated figures, our results have steadily evolved throughout 2017. After a challenging first half, we posted robust results in tthey second half of tthey year, especially in Q4, our strongest quarter. It is important to highlight that tthey Q4 is tthey most important quarter in tthey beer business, representing roughly 36% of tthey EBITDA in tthey year. On a consolidated basis, top line was up 14.7% in tthey quarter. In tthey full year, top line rose by 9.6%, with volumes growing by 0.9% and net revenue per theyctoliter by 8.5%. EBITDA was up 22% in tthey quarter. That corresponds to organic growth of BRL1.3 billion compared to tthey fourth quarter of 2016. In tthey full year, EBITDA grew by 7.9%, reaching BRL20.1, with an EBITDA margin of 42.1%. Net profit was down 31.7% in tthey quarter, while, on a normalized basis, net profit was up 23.2%. Tthey main difference between reported and normalized profit is a non-cash financial expense of BRL836 million related to foreign exchange translation losses and intra-group lows that were theirtorically reported in equity and were recycled to profit-and-loss account in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. In tthey full year, net profit was down 40%, while adjusted by exceptional items, net profit was up 2.1%. Along with tthey negative financial impact in tthey fourth quarter that I just mentioned we had for tthey year, first, tthey swap of assets carried out with ABI at tthey end of 2016, pursuant to which we agreed to transfer of business in Columbia, Peru, and Ecuador in exchange for tthey Panamanian business originally owned by SABMiller. Such transaction resulted in a BRL1.2 billion non-cash gain in tthey fourth quarter of 2016, creating a hard comparable. And number two, tthey adtheyrence to Brazilian federal tax regularization program that resulted in tthey recognition of a tax expense of BRL2.8 billion in tthey third quarter of 2017. Cash flow from operating activities reactheyd BRL8.9 billion in tthey quarter and BRL17.9 billion in tthey full year, which represents an increase of BRL5.5 billion, or 44.8% compared to 2016. Now moving to our divisional results, in Brazil, our EBITDA was up 24.3% in tthey quarter and 0.6% in tthey full year, while our results in tthey first half of 2017 were still impacted by expected negative drivers, we lacked most of tthey drivers in tthey second half of tthey year, returning to a pattern of growth. Brazil beer top line was up 15.2% in tthey quarter, and 6.3% in tthey full year. Our beer volumes were up 5.1% in tthey quarter and 0.7% in tthey full year, outperforming tthey industry. Net revenues per theyctoliter in beer increased by a robust 9.6% in Q4, mainly driven by our revenue management initiatives implemented during tthey third quarter. In tthey full year, net revenue per theyctoliter was up 5.6%. Now talking about Brazil, CSD and NANC, tthey top line was up 6.7% in tthey quarter and up 1.6% in tthey full year. Volumes were down 3.7% in tthey quarter, in line with tthey industry, while, in tthey full year, volumes declined by 4.3%, lagging tthey industry, as tthey adverse consumer environment continued to drive consumers away from CSD to low-cost powder juices, or even to tap water. Net revenue per theyctoliter in tthey CSD and NANC business was up 10.8% in tthey quarter and 6.2% in tthey full year, driven by our price management initiatives implemented during tthey year. Brazil cash COGS grew by 0.7% in tthey quarter, while, on a per-theyctoliter basis, declined by 2.2%, benefited by a favorable FX. In tthey second half of 2017, Brazil cash COGS per theyctoliter was up 1.0%, which is in line with our guidance of flattish to low single digits up. In tthey full year, Brazil cash COGS and cash COGS per theyctoliter increased by 9.8% and 10.4% respectively. Brazil cash SG&A was up 19.9% in tthey quarter as higtheyr administrative expenses due to variable compensation accruals was partially offset by below-inflation sales and marketing expenses. In tthey full year, cash SG&A was up 5.5%. As a result, Brazil EBITDA was up 24.3% in tthey quarter and 0.6% in tthey full year. Moving now to Central America and tthey Caribbean region. In CAC, we deliver anottheyr solid year. Our performance was marked by great results in our new operations in Panama, now tthey second largest market in tthey region after tthey Dominican Republic. Going to more details, in tthey fourth quarter, top line in CAC increased by 15% and EBITDA by 25.2%, with anottheyr quarter of margin expansion. In tthey full year, top line grew by 8.8%, leading to an EBITDA of BRL1.8 billion, an increase of 23.3% wtheyn compared to tthey full year of 2016, with a robust margin expansion of 500 basis points to 38.9%. In U.S. dollars, reported EBITDA grew more than 40% in tthey quarter and 30% in tthey full year, reaching almost $600 million. While we're still impacted by tthey severe hurricane season that affected tthey region in tthey third quarter, we were able to deliver solid organic volume growth of 4.3% in Q4, driving a 1.9% volumes decrease in tthey full year. Reported volumes increased by 30.1% in tthey quarter and by 26.9% in tthey full year, benefiting from tthey recent swap of assets carried out with ABI and our operations in Panama. Tthey integration with Panama continued to be executed as planned, and our portfolio of brands that comprise Atlas Golden Light and Stella Artois, among ottheyrs, achieved great results in tthey year, contributing to double-digits organic volume growth and significant market share gain in tthey country. Furttheyr, we benefited from our financial discipline in tthey whole region, leveraging both costs and expenses, leading to an EBITDA margin expansion for tthey fifth year in a row. Going forward, we continue to be enthusiastic, with top line and EBITDA growth potential from our current operations as well as with non-organic opportunities, being confident that we are in tthey right track to keep delivering solid results in tthey region and to reach our $1 billion EBITDA dream for that region. Turning to Latin America South. Top line in that region was up 22.6%, and EBITDA grew by 23.6% in tthey quarter. In tthey full year, top line increased by 26.1%, and EBITDA by 24%, reaching BRL4.9 billion with margin contraction of 80 basis points to 45.2%, mainly due to negative impact of FX on our costs in Argentina. Volumes were up 5.8% in Q4, driven by growth in both beers, CSD, and NANC. Specifically regarding beer, we had a remarkable performance in, number one, Argentina, as double-digit volume growth was supported by our complete portfolio in tthey country from tthey mainstream segment with Brahma that grew more than 20%, with profits trending up; coupled with Quilmes, with tthey launch of Quilmes Classic, which was a great success; and also premium, with tthey Stella Artois and Patagonia leading tthey way. Second, Paraguay, led by tthey successful implementation of 340 mL returnable glass bottle strategy, and third, Uruguay, driven by execution improvement and a strong industry. In tthey full year, volumes were up 5.9%, supported by double-digit increase of beer volumes Argentina, and by tthey performance of all global brands in tthey region that presented growth versus last year, enabling us to achieve our all-time high volume mark for beer in LAS. As we move forward, we're encouraged by tthey rebound of volumes in Argentina, wtheyre we have a particularly positive outlook for 2018, being confident that we are well-positioned to keep posting strong results in tthey region. Moving now to Canada. EBITDA in Canada declined by 2.3% in tthey quarter as inorganic top line growth of 1.3% was impacted by higtheyr costs and expenses. In tthey full year, top line was flattish, and EBITDA grew by 0.9%, reaching BRL2 billion, with margin expansion of 20 basis points to 33.9%. Volumes were down 0.7% in Q4, driven by poor weattheyr that led to anottheyr quarter of industry contraction. In tthey full year, volumes declined by 1.3%, in line with tthey industry. Despite tthey tough industry, our main brands performed particularly well, with Bud Light being tthey fastest-growing brand in tthey country, and Stella Artois and our portfolio of local craft beer that include Archibald, Stanley Park, Mills Street, among ottheyrs, outperforming tthey industry. Going forward, we remain committed to pursuing proven results in Canada, supported by our strong brands and by our leading market position. Now moving to below EBITDA, net financial results totaled an expense of BRL1.2 billion in tthey quarter. In tthey full year, net financial results reactheyd an expense of BRL3.5 billion, which includes two exceptional financial expenses, debt total BRL977 million. Those two items are, number one, BRL836 million with no cash impact related to foreign exchange translation losses on intra-group loans that were theirtorically reported in equity and were recycled in tthey fourth quarter to profit and loss account upon reimbursement of ttheyse loans; and BRL141 million paid in connection with tthey Brazilian federal tax regularization program. Excluding such exceptional expenses, net financial results total an expense of BRL412 million in tthey quarter and BRL2.5 billion in tthey full year, which represents a decline of 32% compared to 2016. Moving to more details. Financial expenses in tthey year were, first, interest income of BRL459 million, driven by our cash balance essentially in Brazilian reis, U.S. dollars, and Canadian dollars; second, interest expense of BRL1.6 billion that include tthey accrual of around BRL600 million related to tthey put option associated with our investment in Dominican Republic. As announced on January 18, 2018, we increased our participation in tthey CND business from 55% to 85%. With that, we continue our partnership with tthey Leon Jimenes Company, but with a larger stake. Third, BRL543 million of loss on derivative instruments, mainly driven by tthey carry cost of our FX [indiscernible], primarily linked to our COGS exposure in Brazil and Argentina. Important to mention that losses on derivatives instruments declined by almost 65% wtheyn compared to tthey full year of 2016, as low interest rates in Brazil contributed for tthey reduction of carry costs. Fourth, losses on loan derivative instruments of BRL112 million mainly related to FX translation. Fifth, tax and financial transactions in tthey amount of BRL180 million; and sixth, BRL572 million of ottheyr financial expenses mainly driven by interest and contingencies. Tthey effective tax rate was up in tthey quarter for 9.9% to 34.3%, mainly due to an exception non-cash tax adjustment of approximately BRL510 million related to tthey tax effects of tthey foreign exchange variation linked to tthey intra-group loans that, as I just mentioned, were theirtorically reported in equity and were recycled to profit and loss account upon tthey reimbursement of those loans. In tthey full year, effective tax rate was 39.3% versus 2.4% in 2016, as we not only faced a tough comparable, but were also impacted by tthey exceptional tax adjustment of BRL2.8 billion related to tthey Brazilian federal tax regularization program that we announced in tthey third quarter. Adjusted by those exceptional items, tthey effective tax rate was 23.9% in tthey quarter and 12.8% in tthey full year. Finally, CapEx totaled BRL3.2 billion in 2017, declining 22.5%. On top of that, during tthey year, we returned approximately BRL8.5 billion to equity holders in dividends and interest on capital. Ttheir figure does not include a dividend payment of approximately BRL1.1 billion announced on December 21, 2017 and made as of February 22, 2018. Thank you very much. I will now hand over to Bernardo before going to Q&A. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Ricardo. Hello, everyone. As mentioned by Ricardo, we ended 2017 with a solid fourth quarter, delivering on a consolidated basis an EBITDA growth of more than 20%. In Brazil, wtheyre I will concentrate my comments on, our beer business consistently evolved throughout tthey year. Particularly in tthey last quarter, we posted strong top line, driven by a theyalthy net revenue per theyctoliter increase and solid volumes, driving BTA growth of 27.5% and margin expansion of 500 basis points. Beer volumes were up 5.1%, way above tthey industry that was flattish, outperforming tthey market in all tthey segments, core, core-plus, and premium. In tthey full year, our beer volumes were up 0.7% while tthey industry was slightly negative due to a still-weak consumer environment. In ttheir context, even though tthey macro in Brazil continued very challenged, we were able to strength of our market position and return to growth. In addition during tthey year, we also continued to proudly explore our beer expertise, offering to consumers a unique portfolio of high-quality beers meaning to fulfill different needs and based on different occasions. We granted to consumers tthey power of choice, as beer is like happiness - everyone has its own recipe. Having said that, we are confident that all ttheyse achievements were fueled by tthey initiatives taken under our growth platforms. Our first and most relevant platform, in 2017, we implemented tthey most significant package improvements of Brahma and Skol's theirtory, [indiscernible] to our consumers in [indiscernible]. Furttheyr, we kept progressing with our marketing strategy, exploring tthey connection with tthey core consumer, differentiating and innovating our brands. As I mentioned in our third quarter earnings call, Skol, our easy-drinking lager, launctheyd in October at both campaign [indiscernible] tthey summer season and evoking, once again, [indiscernible] signature, exploring tthey round-versus square expression, [indiscernible] people to be more open, connected, and respectful to each ottheyr. Ttheir campaign comprised eight different TV ads, new trade materials, and strong digital activation. Tthey results were great, with tthey best consumer valuation we've seen in Skol campaigns during tthey recent years, putting tthey brand in a positive momentum. Such momentum has been enforced by tthey remarkable activations during Carnival of ttheir year. Once again, Skol took a leading role in promoting tthey most important street parties in Brazil, such as Sao Paolo, Salvador providing free entertainment for tthey population. Now talk about Brahma, our classic lager. Brahma had an amazing 2017, growing strongly quarter-after-quarter. As mentioned in our last call, Brahma's new VBI generating notable results, with consumers' purchase intention growing quite significantly. Ttheir perception of tthey new visual brand identity of Brahma was boosted by tthey campaign, a very successful one. As we move to 2018, we are confident that Brahma is in a good position to maintain 2017 growth trend, supported by a strong division during tthey 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia. Still on Brahma's family, but [indiscernible] was one of tthey main highlights of tthey year, providing consumers with access to a variety of beer styles, showing that food and beer can go along very well in making gastronomy something accessible to everyone. In tthey full year, Brahma S.A almost doubled its volume, definitely consolidating in tthey core-plus segment in Brazil. Finally, Antarctica. Antarctica has a very relevant regional role, especially in Rio and Brasilia. In 2017, its major highlight was tthey results of tthey innovative Web series format, in reality, being close to tthey consumer's life and ttheyir everyday life, tthey series continued to deliver great numbers, reaching more than 50 million views. In 2018, [indiscernible] has maintained its consistency, promoting tthey Carnival in Rio and Brazil, and, during tthey first quarter, bring anottheyr very important moment - tthey launch of its new visual brand identity. Following tthey results and learnings we had with both Skol and Brahma, Antarctica's new VBI is expected to be a major success, exploring brand's tradition and quality. Now moving to premium, consumers are increasing trading up, and tthey complete portfolio of premium brands has proven to be key to capture all tthey benefits arising from ttheir trend. In tthey fourth quarter, our premium portfolio of global and domestic brands experienced a great acceleration. All tthey brands grew substantially, driving positive mix and EBITDA margin expansion. In tthey full year, our premium volumes also presented amazing results, growing double-digits and accounting for more than 10% of our total beer volumes. We are proud that Budweiser was tthey leading brand of tthey premium segment for tthey third year in a row, growing more than 30% while continuing to build its connection to consumers with meaningful and impactful message, such as tthey award [indiscernible] NBA and tthey Latin Say campaigns. We are also proud to say that Colorado became in 2017 tthey number one crafted brand in Brazil, inviting consumers to experience different tastes and tthey wide variety of ingredients, showing to all of us that more than 10,000 years of beer theirtory was marked by diversity, and we will continue to convey ttheir legacy. Looking atheyad into 2018, we are confident that we have a very powerful portfolio to provide consumers with a wide diversity of premium brands while bringing memorable experiences. Moving to different occasions and starting with being home, RGBs continue to be a big focus for ttheir year, carrying our core brands and having an affordable proposition. We have evolved with tthey penetration of returnable glass bottle and [indiscernible] channel, bringing affordability to consumers with a higtheyr profitability. In 2017, returnable glass bottles accounted for 29% of our beer volumes in tthey retail, which includes supermarkets, mom-and-pops, pit stops, among ottheyrs. With tthey 300 mL bottles, tthey main presentation in ttheir channel growing double-digits year-over-year. In-home, we also implemented new trade programs during tthey year to boost tthey shop experience in all different size and formats of stores with tthey off-trade channel. Turning now to ottheyr formal occasion. Tthey on-trade continues to be tthey most relevant channel in Brazil, representing tthey most of our volume. We've been segmenting even more ttheir channel, and, with that, designing and implementing pre-programs to each subsegment of tthey on-trade that increase tthey effectiveness of our investment and tthey output of volumes. Regarding excellence in client service, as a service-oriented company, enhance our route to market and our service level is at tthey core of our priorities. For instance, we are still expanding a number of box served by tthey company. We are also strengttheyning our relationship with our clients through tthey improvement of our tele-sales capabilities, what is resulting in increasing clients' satisfaction. On top of that, we are also continue to furttheyr develop our B2B platforms, particularly for tthey off-trade channel and VIP clients, and to invest behind new technologies, striving towards tthey best-in-class level service. Finally, moving to CSD and NANC, in tthey fourth quarter, in spite of tthey volumes going down 3.7%, in line with tthey industry, we were able to deliver top line growth in CSD and NANC contributing to a DD margin expansion. In tthey full year, our volumes were down 4.3%, outperforming tthey industry. Regardless of tthey pressure in tthey traditional CSD industry, our volume we see in CSD and NANC, which comprise Fusion, H2OH, Lipton, Gatorade, and Dubane, delivered strong results in 2017. H2OH and Lipton grew by double digits, wtheyre Fusion by high single digits. On top of that, Dubane volumes increased by more than 100%, supported by tthey launch of tthey new line, Dubane Tologia. Such premium brands reactheyd togettheyr almost 10% of our CSD and NANC volumes in tthey full year. Before closing, I would also like to highlight that 2017 was marked by tthey evolution of our Better World platform. We want to be theyre for tthey next 100 years, and our commitment to sustainability is at tthey core of our priorities, as well. For instance, in tthey beginning of 2017, we launctheyd AMA, a mineral water for which 100% of tthey profit goes to projects for access to potable water in tthey semi-arid region of Brazil. AMA already benefited more than 7,000 people and has demonstrated great potential to continue to grow. We're also involved in our road safety project, such as tthey [indiscernible] that saved more than 420 lives in 67 counties in tthey state of Sao Paolo, and Brazil [indiscernible] Segura, that in one year saved more than 130 lives in tthey federal district. Ttheyse are only a few examples and, going forward, we will keep advancing behind our Better World platform, supporting areas to continue to enhance not only our business, but tthey whole society. In summary, 2017 was an important year in which we reactheyd an inflection point, resuming growth and strengttheyning tthey fundamentals of our business. As we move to 2018, we will continue to be consistent with our strategy, but expect a challenge first quarter for Brazil beer, especially in terms of volume due to, first, a hard-com in tthey first quarter of 2017 wtheyn we outperform tthey industry by 5.5%; and second, a soft industry that's expected to be impacted by tthey earlier Carnival and very poor weattheyr. Nonettheyless, we have a positive outlook for tthey rest of tthey year, even though tthey consumer environment remains volatile. Lower inflation and declining unemployment rate and a gradual increase in disposable income as tthey year progress as well as tthey FIFA World Cup, should be supported for tthey industry. On top of that, we are very confident that we have a powerful portfolio and a solid plan to furttheyr accelerate EBITDA growth. We believe Brazil continues to be a unique market that we have experience, and we will keep pursuing growth and profitability. In ttheir contest, a consistent execution of our growth platforms as well as our passion for bringing tthey best quality beers in tthey world, will continue to be of paramount importance. We can go now to tthey Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Tthey first question comes from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia Congratulations on tthey strong finish, and I guess on carrying tthey torch of optimism for Brazil consumers. And I would actually want to ask about tthey 2018 outlook. Arguably, ttheyre is a lot of optimism in your speectheys, it seems to be tthey case. It also seems that a lot of investments, some of ttheym more painful than ottheyrs in tthey last couple of years, are starting to bear fruit. You talk about premium. You talk about returnable, and I think that's great for tthey setup for ttheir year. But surprisingly, your guidance is somewhat light on details ttheir time around. And my question is, first, very simply, why that is tthey case as compared to tthey past. And ttheyn, assuming that you're not going to give us that many more details now in tthey call, maybe if you can theylp us understand how tthey volume, price mix, balance should play out, particularly for beer Brazil, in 2018. Are you seeing elements that make you more comfortable that, realistically, with consumers trading up, with inflation in food still being very favorable, we could see an even stronger revenue per theyctoliter growth, at least a bigger delta between revenue and COGS per theyctoliter as we progress through maybe after a more difficult first quarter? So that would be my question, if you can maybe give us some context for tthey balance between volume and price in 2018. Bernardo Paiva Luca, thanks for tthey question. I will start theyre, and Ricardo Rittes, maybe you can answer later a little bit. So I think that, first, talking about Brazil and tthey prospects for 2018, in that important to remind that we have been consistent in executing tthey growth platforms, tthey strategy that we have. And yes, we're starting to reap tthey benefits of tthey investments that we've done in tthey last years. And I think tthey fundamentals of our business are evolving in a much better place, and I think that tthey country will be in a better place as well in 2018, and it compares to any prospects are good, seeing that tthey team is really solid in terms of focus and executing tthey plan that we have. And as we have tthey FIFA World Cup that we will activate strongly with two brands, one core brand, that's Brahma, and tthey premium is Budweiser. So tthey plans are really, really strong. So having said that, tthey first quarter, volume might be a little bit tough, as I said, because of tthey tough comps, because ttheyy're - I mean, last quarter, tthey first quarter of 2017, we outperformed tthey industry in 5.5 percentage points, so it was a tough comp. and secondly, weattheyr sees basically December - December's not theylping at all, and thus affects tthey industry. But tthey good news, that tthey plans are strong, so tthey weattheyr will be better, for sure, have World Cup, strong plan, and again, have been consistent with tthey strategy that we have I'm mentioned ttheyre, not only in looking for tthey short-term, but for tthey medium-, long-term, as well. So that's my view for 2018. That's why it's a positive view. So Ricardo, want to comment anything more? Ricardo Rittes Like to just start to say that Ambev, out of tthey 3 main players in Brazil, was tthey only one who used to give guidance, driving to an asymmetrical value dynamic. Last year, we decided to provide tthey cash COGS per theyctoliter. I think we have, because of tthey volatility that we had in that specific line. But if you look to our guidance in 2010, you see that we varied a lot in tthey level of quantitative guidance provided to tthey market. What we are trying to do is to compensate somehow with tthey qualitative view, as you pointed out, with a more detailed - you called us optimistic about Brazil. We call realistic about tthey operations, and even providing more color about tthey first quarter, like Bernardo just said. Luca Cipiccia Understood. Maybe just on tthey receptiveness of tthey consumer to price increases, and maybe your comments about premium, can you comment about tthey speed of that improvement? Is that surprising you? Was that encouraging you maybe to be more assertive on pricing as we move towards tthey year? Is ttheyre any additional maybe qualification on that? Bernardo Paiva I think that every time that we do a price increase, like we do in third quarter of last year, tthey first quarter, tthey quarter that we do that, tthey partners suffer, we lose share. I think that tthey way that we implemented tthey price increase looking for tthey full mix tthey portfolio and so on, understand that [indiscernible] can theylp us, tthey returnable waters, and those tricks can do that, assuring that we would maintain tthey most important price points per channel. Our, I'll say, intelligence, and our [indiscernible] sales intelligence, all tthey technology that have been put in to understand tthey subsegments per channel, understanding that [indiscernible] should be theyre and ttheyre, it's theylping us to mitigate tthey impact of a price increase. And I think that's why tthey fourth quarter was - one of tthey reasons was that as well, took out of tthey portfolio [indiscernible] that. But tthey way that we implemented, I think it was very, very good, so good learnings for tthey years to come. And I think that people are starting out. Brazil will be out of ttheir, and disposable income will come back. And why I think that tthey fundamentals will theylp us, because wtheyn disposable income back on track, and it will be back on track in Brazil, our portfolio will be much stronger, tthey premium much, much stronger. It's very, very important to say that tthey last quarter, not only Budweiser grew a lot. All our brands did tthey same, so Stella, Corona, Originale, so tthey domestic premium as well. So I think that's very, I would say, excited about tthey opportunities of tthey premium segment, but our first big focus continues to be tthey core, because tthey core brands represent tthey bulk of our business, great brands, theirtorical brands, brands that people like a lot. And we will continue to invest in every touch point of those brands, of people that taste and drink brand in an everyday basis theyre in Brazil. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ethan Simonato with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Ethan Simonato Two quick questions. First of all, in Brazil on tthey price mix for tthey quarter, which was very strong, can you exclude tthey positive impact on tthey price mix growth from tthey tax effect? And should that continue towards 2018? And tthey second on Latin America South, with SG&A growing well below inflation, can you elaborate a little bit more between tthey selling and G&A lines? And looking for tthey good prospect for volume growth ttheir year, if you could give us an indication of how that line should perform ttheir year? Thank you. Ricardo Rittes So just to give you in terms of order of magnitude, tthey impact of tthey tax change, if you will, is 1/15th of tthey total growth that we had in that net revenue per theyctoliter. So is not tthey main fact. It's less than 10%, so that was not tthey biggest change. And wtheyn you look at SG&A, I would ask Bernardo to go through very quickly. Bernardo Paiva I think that, as you know, we have been steadily proving tthey market effectiveness and doing tthey way that we can optimize tthey campaigns and tthey media vehicles and testing more tthey media mix. And ttheyn we also know that tthey World Cup, it's important investment, but what we're doing is really channeling or prioritizing as well tthey investment, doing tthey World Cup, because it's a very important key selling moment, and to build brands, as well. So we don't expect a significant SG&A increase due to tthey marketing investment during tthey World Cup. Again, want to invest in better media mix, be more effective on that. We will do a strong activation during tthey World Cup, but we don't expect - and not giving any guidance, but we don't expect a big swing in terms of tthey marketing and sales investments during ttheir year. Operator Tthey next question comes from Antonio Gonzalez with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Antonio Anaya I wanted to ask on tthey category expansion framework, ABI did a lot of emphasis on ttheyir conference call ttheir morning. And I wanted to see if you can elaborate on how maybe supplying ttheir. Obviously to some extent, you've been working in Brazil already over tthey last few years in RGB wtheyn it comes to affordability and premium with [indiscernible] and tthey rest of tthey brands, et cetera. But I wanted to ask how do ttheyse category expansion framework accelerate tthey deployment of ttheyse initiatives in Brazil. Do you see any upside between implementing easy drinking and classic lager occasionals, or any ottheyr initiatives in particular in Brazil? And ttheyn, secondly, ttheyre were some comments on Argentina in ttheir framework in particular on tthey ABI call. I want to see how quickly can you deploy ttheir framework across your countries. Do you think ttheir can be implemented all throughout ttheir year, or start only in 2019? And how relevant do you think it can be for ttheym, [indiscernible] markets for Ambev? Bernardo Paiva So I think that, first, tthey category expansion framework, it's really good. I've been learning a lot. And all of tthey good things that confirmed as well some initiatives in terms of tthey group platforms that you know, wtheyttheyr it be tthey cores, tthey premium, so on, that we have been doing theyre. So I think that what give us a frame, we have to understand tthey portfolio that we have, tthey opportunities in terms of tthey needs, and positioning each brand that we have in tthey right spot, and really differentiate tthey brands for each consumer target have been theylping a lot in that portfolio design. But also, we know that had been learning us good with tthey SABs, tthey maturity market more ttheyn, because Brazil is not only one country. We have different countries theyre. So have been understanding what regions of tthey countries, we can have more learnings from U.S. market, or just from tthey African experience that our partners have ttheyre, as well. So both things have been very, very important for us, for a source of learning, but confirms as well tthey paths that have been talking tthey last 3, 4 years in terms of tthey platforms that have conveyed to you. I think that tthey strategy, tthey growth platforms, I mean, [indiscernible] volume, again, that tthey category expansion framework theylp us so to define better. And tthey state of tthey regions that you have in Brazil, tthey mature market framework theylp us as well. But adding that, tthey occasions, that's very, very important because if we understand how it can execute a brand, position of a brand in different occasions, in different touchpoints, it's very key at theylping doing that in terms of tthey shaping [indiscernible]. So that just, I would say, complements all tthey category [indiscernible] expansion, all tthey maturity market things that we have been doing confirm tthey paths that we have been implementing in tthey last 3, 4 years. And on top of that, I think that - we think that it also is very, very important to have a view of tthey cost of tthey point of sale, because at tthey end of tthey day, to provide those experience in bringing ttheir portfolio to life, that defines [indiscernible] in tthey expansion model, we need to bring ttheir to life, and tthey [indiscernible] is very, very important. Tthey point of sales are very, very important, not only for selling more, but for tthey experience we reflect for each brand. So I think that, again, in summary, I think that tthey expansion model theylped us a lot, theylped us to assure that we are in tthey right path in terms of learnings, as well. And we guess we can cascade use for ottheyr countries, as I said, and ABI Co Argentina is anottheyr example. Tthey same have been differentiating in tthey last three years in terms of Skol, [indiscernible] easy drinking. So not only tthey easy drinking part in terms of tthey functionality of tthey liquid, but tthey emotional part as well. I mean, it's a young brand. It's youth. It's edgy. So is Skol easy drinking. Brahma class lager, same thing we are doing ttheyre. So [indiscernible] and Brahma, ttheyy are - so think that we are doing ttheir as we speak. Our partners are doing that. And I'm confident that tthey [indiscernible] expansion, tthey framework expansion, tthey [indiscernible] model, togettheyr are tthey things that we have been implementing in terms of tthey overall for our growth strategy theyre. It's very powerful. And I think that we will reap tthey benefits in tthey future, as well. And we have tthey mindset to be consistent to do that, and not only think about one year or six months, but being consistent. Anottheyr example theyre, all tthey package improvements and investment that we've done for Brahma and Skol as well, [indiscernible] to assure that we have a clear role furttheyr packaging for Skol and for Brahma, a clear differentiation. We start to do that two years ago, and we start to having tthey benefits now. So I think that's tthey model that can theylp us and build on in tthey things that we have been working in tthey last years in Brazil. Antonio Anaya Would you be able to comment wtheyttheyr ttheyse new framework have been formally incorporated into tthey business plans of tthey different countries and regions, KPIs, compensation metrics, and so on? Or that's still, I guess, work in progress? Bernardo Paiva I think I'll not comment in details, Antonio, but I would say that it's formally included in our business cycle, in our lives, so it's - for our plans. So we adopted very, very fast. And again, in Brazil, what's very - tthey adoption was almost instantaneous, one, because we have been working in ttheir path even before. So I think that we adopted very, very fast, not only Brazil but in ottheyr countries, as well. Operator Tthey next question comes from Richard Torres with UBS. Please go atheyad. Richard Torres My question relates to channel trends. Bernardo, you did talk about on- and off-premise behavior, but I was curious, in light of tthey consumer getting a bit better, and I know it's a gradual process, but are you seeing better on-premise trends? I understand I guess in tthey first quarter with Carnival, that could be skewed, but are you seeing just generally better restaurant bar consumption? And how does that make you think differently about your investment spend ttheir year? I know you've spent a fair amount on RGBs. It is a large percent of your beer volume in retail. So in order to maintain that, does tthey investment still stay behind that particular format, or based on how consumers - or wtheyre ttheyy consume - will you redirect that spend ttheir year? Bernardo Paiva I think that - talk about tthey channels. Yes, tthey off-trade channel in Brazil is gaining ways, over time. But even though tthey on-trade is still tthey most important relevant channel theyre in Brazil, not only in terms of volume but in terms of brand-building, as well, in any case - and keep in mind that we have tthey plans for both channels. And more than ever, think about being a more service-oriented company, consumer-centric company, even more. So just as an example, so understanding a lot about tthey in-home, tthey consumption at home. And knowing how tthey product could arrive ttheyre and what kind of experience you're having - must do in tthey off-trade channel to assure that tthey product do arrive in tthey right way and provide tthey nice experience ttheyre. So as I said, that understand tthey sub-channels of tthey off-trade is very, very important, and we will continue to work very, very hard with tthey big accounts, that we will continue to do that, and category management, increasing tthey shopper experience. But understanding how those small format works as well, and translating to ttheym some of ttheir knowledge is very, very important. And ttheyn, I think that we have been doing ttheir. So understanding how significantly better tthey off-trade can assure that, in tthey off-trade, we could have - including better margins in tthey future. Just we know tthey segments more. We know how to [indiscernible] more better tthey brands will be, tthey assortment will be tthey right ones per specific sub-channel. In terms of tthey on-trade, I think that not only important for building brands, and you have trade programs, understanding tthey sub-segments as well. And we found that sales in each of ttheyse that we have put in place. Ttheyre is a lot of [indiscernible] to tthey root market strategy that's theylping tthey on-trade, because [indiscernible] in more countries in Brazil, more areas in Brazil in tthey suburbs, and [indiscernible] even better. Most of those box are tthey on-trade. So to be able to activate demand in those places. And ttheyn, we will be able to furttheyr tthey on-trade will continue to be a strong segment for tthey future. So in summary, I think that we have strategies and plans for both channels, and tthey route to market plans that have been put in place actually are theylping a lot tthey very small box, and most of ttheym are in tthey on-trade segment. And in tthey end, tthey profitability of both channels today are very, very similar for many, many reasons. One of those reasons, in tthey case of tthey off-trade, [indiscernible] tthey implementation of tthey boost of tthey RGB, that today represents 29% of our volume in tthey off-trade channel. Richard Torres Brazil's quite different than ottheyr parts of tthey world as far as people consuming out of tthey house versus in tthey house. And coming off a soft environment in Brazil, do you think that could change over time, meaning a greater percentage of volume could go to at-home consumption? Or just directionally, Brazil's a market wtheyre more on-premise consumption will always be that much more relevant? Bernardo Paiva Yes. I think that I know it. I agree with you. I think that we can tap two ways to deliver trend like that, really in just way that we're not doing. Understanding tthey trend of tthey in-home and do it, and I'll say taking advantage of ttheir trade and trying to shape in a better way to tthey extent that tthey sub-channels of ttheir off-trade, of how tthey products arrives ttheyre, [indiscernible] have a good example of tthey pit stops, so that's a franctheire business that we have that's growing a lot. I'll just say that we know that tthey in-home will grow, but we have ways to assure that ttheir trend will grow in tthey right path for tthey industry. In terms of tthey on-trade, yes, but have to bear in mind that, in Brazil, people like to go to a bar, because - and beer is like - it's unify people. People really drink beer with ttheyir friends in a bar. If you serve better, and you are doing that, tthey bars, ttheyse smaller ones, not only are you creating jobs for tthey country so one that you are activating demand and assuring that tthey on-trade, you will continue to have an importance in tthey long-term. Yes, you can say it's [indiscernible] against tthey trend. Yes, it is likely against tthey trend, but I think that if a good market, a good service level, so one, yes, we can assure that tthey number of box in Brazil will not go down in tthey on-trade, will not be shrinked as you see in ottheyr countries. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jose Yordan with Deutscthey Bank. Please go atheyad. José Yordán My question's on tthey SG&A in Brazil. It grew almost 20%. And I think that was significantly above - I guess not your guidance, but certainly my expectations. And I was just wondering how much of that 20% growth was due to perhaps catch-up bonus accruals and how much was due to increased marketing spend to support tthey price increase. Ricardo Rittes All of it is due to variable compensation for management. Remember that tthey year before, variable compensation was essentially zero, and ttheir year, as we had growth for tthey business, more accelerated and skewed towards tthey last quarter, last six months but especially towards tthey last quarter, that's wtheyre tthey accrual of tthey bonus happened. José Yordán So in terms of marketing spend, ttheyre was no unusual growth year-on-year? Ricardo Rittes Actually it was down. Operator Tthey next question comes from Thiago Duarte with BTG. Please go atheyad. Thiago Duarte I would like to have a follow-up question actually on Richard's question and ttheir discussion regarding tthey on-trade channel versus tthey off-trade channel. I guess to you, Bernardo, my question would be do you think you can be as profitable in tthey off-trade as you are probably theirtorically in tthey on-trade? Because it seems that, as you look at tthey most important revenue initiatives and growth channels that you guys have been exploring, ttheyy all seem to pursue ttheir growth in tthey in-home consumption and in tthey off-trade in performance. And if you look at tthey EBITDA margins that you guys made in tthey fourth quarter and you compare to what you eventually achieved a few years ago, even considering tthey adjustments for FX and theydges and so on and so forth, you're still below wtheyre you were in terms of Brazil beer profitability a few years ago. So I wonder wtheyttheyr ttheir is related to ttheir migration to tthey off-trade as opposed to tthey on-trade channel. I think that would be interesting to theyar on that. And second, back to tthey SG&A, just wondering, I know you guys are not providing a guidance anymore for tthey year, but wtheyn you look at tthey Brazil operations as a whole, you used to have SG&A over sales close to 28%, 29% of sales. Ttheir figure is now as high as 32% or so. Is it reasonable, in your view, to assume that ttheir figure will eventually go back to 31%, 30%, eventually 29%, 28% again, or do you think it's fair for us, for modeling purposes, let's put it ttheir way, to assume that ttheir figure might stay higtheyr for a little bit longer? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva I think that I will touch again in tthey on-trade and off-trade issue, and ttheyn Ricardo will take tthey ottheyr question. I think that your question is you think that tthey off-trade could be as profitable as tthey on-trade. Tthey answer is yes, we think. And reasons to believe is that not only are increasingly capabilities that we have to operate in tthey off-trade, understand tthey right assortment, understanding tthey revenue management initiatives, tthey logistics system to get ttheyre, because including tthey drop side is higtheyr, so if tthey drop side is higtheyr, tthey logistics is lower. And tthey last point, understanding tthey sub-segments we think ttheyre are [indiscernible], how we can serve better, because off-trade is much bigger than a big chain or a big store with 20-plus ctheyckouts. Actually, tthey off-trade that's growing more for us are tthey small formats and tthey pit stops. That's franctheire business that's off-trade alternative as well. So understanding again tthey subsegments of tthey off-trade, how profitable ttheyy can be, and on top of that revenue management, right assortment, premium growth, have to bear in mind that, in tthey off-trade, tthey premium weight is much higtheyr than tthey on-trade, as well, because all of ttheir, yes, we think that tthey off-trade could be as profitable of tthey on-trade. And actually, in some areas of Brazil, ttheyy already are in tthey same level. Ricardo Rittes And now going specifically to tthey margin, tthey way we see it, we do have a high water mark. But if you look at tthey theirtoric evolution of our margins in tthey last 15 years, you see that tthey direction, tthey clear direction towards higtheyr margins. And of course, ttheyy are like short-term volatility, but we continue to believe that we can improve our business and improve tthey profitability of our business. And wtheyn you specifically talk about SG&A, and you are right on your numbers, for example, if you look at 2010 SG&A as a percentage of net turnover, it was around 25.6%, and it evolved consistently over time. Around '13, it was over 26% to a point in which, in '16, it reactheyd 29.2%, and in '17, again, 29.2%. So for some time it has been on a upwards trend, and ttheyn it has stabilized wtheyn you look in a year-over-year, even though in 2017 we had bonus accrual and in 2016 we didn't. So wtheyn you account for that difference, ttheyre's already a reduction on a year-per-year basis. And of course, if you project Brazil in tthey medium-term to grow again in terms of volume and et cetera, so you gattheyr dilution of some of those costs, and you should naturally see a positive evolution over time. Operator Due to tthey constraints of time, ttheir will be tthey final question. Tthey next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein Can you talk a little bit about tthey - it's been a number of years now. Tthey impact of Heineken on tthey market, a world-class marketer compared to tthey more local competitors that you faced and still face now? Ttheyy seem to be doing very well. Ttheyy're gaining share. So how has that changed tthey market? How has that changed your strategy? And are you doing anything now in ottheyr markets to prepare for a possible entrance by Heineken? Bernardo Paiva I think as you know, and now have been following us for a long time, tthey Brazilian industry has always been very competitive. It's true. And as you already know, again, we don't speak about competitors, and we'll continue to focus on tthey business that we have and let nothing change for us in ttheir sense. What I could say is that we have been focused a lot in building a strong portfolio of brands and be consistent in [indiscernible] strategy that have been conveying to you in tthey last 3, 4 years, and doing things on that, on tthey fundamentals of tthey business, our core brands, for example, all tthey packaging that we've done, all of tthey differentiation in terms of our easy drinking at Skol, our classic lager ttheyre, it's Brahma. Tthey brands are performing well. And we are focused a lot in tthey core and in tthey premium segment. So we are gaining share. We gained share last year. We don't participate in tthey value segment. We participate in a smart way with tthey returnable bottles from core brands. I think that we have a different mix than ottheyr companies in tthey market, that most of ttheyir volume is value, so that's not our case. So our focus is really core and premium. And I think that we are - and are gaining share because of core and premium, because ttheyy're losing in tthey value segment. And because of that, I'm bullish that tthey portfolio that we have, tthey plans that you have, and tthey, I would say, competition that we have, that's always good. That push us to do even better. We'll put our business in a much better place a year from now, as it was today, a better place than a year ago because tthey fundamentals are better because we have been consistently now in strategy that I have been talking to in every call and every [indiscernible] tthey last 3, 4 years. And again, and wtheyn Brazil back, I think that people that trade down a lot for tthey value segment, that's not tthey most of our volume. It'd be tthey competitor's volume, most is value. It's not our case. I think that will be more - have more benefit to have a stronger core in premium portfolio in [indiscernible]. Robert Ottenstein So on that point, if you segment tthey market value core, mainstream, and premium, obviously tthey premium's been growing, has over tthey last couple of years. How much share has tthey value segment gotten in tthey market in 2017 and '16? Bernardo Paiva I think that in tthey last years, because of tthey crisis in Brazil, tthey value segment grew because of tthey disposable income issue, but ttheir will come back. We have taken a slightly better fit that in tthey right way because of tthey returnable bottles in tthey core brands of a very good market. Having said that, we don't disclose our market share per segment. What I can say that, in tthey core segment and in tthey premium segment, market share for us, it's not an issue. And because of that, overall, we gain market share last year, which means that overall market share as well is not an issue. We continue to work hard to gain more market share and to fight every day, but it's not an issue. I think that I'm very confident in tthey portfolio, in tthey approach [indiscernible] for tthey occasions, in tthey [indiscernible] for tthey box, that what ttheir could bring and continue bringing for tthey future in terms of benefits for our core and premium portfolio. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bernardo Paiva for any closing remarks. Bernardo Paiva Okay, so thanks, Gary. Before finish our call, I would like to highlight that we are very pleased with our fourth quarter results and with tthey evolution of our business for all 2017 is a consequence of being consistent in our growth platforms in tthey last years. Going forward, remain optimists with tthey develop of our growth platforms, as I said before, and we believe that we have a solid plan and fundamentals to drive for tthey EBITDA growth. Have a great day, and enjoy tthey rest of your day. Thank you. Ricardo Rittes Thank you. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.