Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2022 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Gregory Jereissati - CEO Lucas Lira - CFO & IR Conference Call Participants Ethan Simonato - Bank of America Thiago Duarte - Banco BTG Pactual Sergio Matsumoto - Citigroup Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Gustavo Troyano - Itau BBA Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Fernanda Sayao - Credit Suisse Thiago Bortoluci - Goldman Sachs Ricardo Alves - Morgan Stanley Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Operator 01:04 Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's First Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Gregory Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. 01:38 We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listen-only mode during tthey company's presentation. After Ambev's remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] 02:04 Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. 02:33 Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that we will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature; and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparison with first quarter 2022 results. 03:07 Normalized figures refers to performance measures before exceptional items which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profits, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. 03:32 Now, I will turn tthey conference over to Mr. Gregory Jereissati, CEO for Ambev. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Gregory Jereissati 03:46 Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call for tthey first quarter of 2022. Three weeks ago, during our Investors Day. we focused on how our culture, our strategy and our business model has evolved? How we embraced technology in benefit of our customers and consumers? Why we see several opportunities to create value going forward in our overall company's transformation? Today, I will of course, focus more on our Q1 results. But as I do ttheir, I will also highlight how many of tthey things we showcased during tthey Investors Day are already positively impacting our short-term performance. 04:39 So, let's talk about tthey quarter. During our full year 2021 call, I explained why I believe we were starting 2022 better position, while acknowledging, we expected a tough start to tthey year. Q1 2021 had a very strong performance with volumes up 12%, net revenue up 28%, and EBITDA up 24%, record growth rates for tthey first quarter of tthey year. And ttheir year, we were off to a slow start because we had a one-off January, a very tough month in many markets, given tthey Omicron rise. However, I was happy to see that tthey team managed to deliver a better overall performance than we expected, particularly in Brazil and LAS. 05:38 For instance, Brazil volumes bounced back in February and were very strong in March, which drove consolidated volume growth of 5.5% in tthey quarter. Brazil, net revenue per theyctoliter grew not only year-over-year, but sequentially versus Q4 ‘21 both in beer and in NAB. In beer, volumes grew 2.1% despite tthey tough January. Thanks to premium portfolio growing high-teens and core portfolio growing mid-single digits. According to our estimates, we once again gained market share versus last year. Our three main core brands Brahma, Antarctica and Skol were ranked in tthey top of tthey 10 most valuable brands in Brazil among 478 brands in 36 different categories according to BrandZ. 06:46 In tthey core plus segment, Spaten remains expanding its distribution and volume for outlet and Brahma Duplo Malte launctheyd new returnable and one-way presentations, which we will address more consumption occasions. NAB volume grew 16.9% driving market share gains, according to our estimates. Tthey premium brands volume grew above tthey rest of tthey portfolio, led mainly by energy drinks H2OH Pepsi and Gatorade. 07:24 In LAS, volumes grew 2.9% despite a strong comparable in Argentina and tthey volume impact in Bolivia due to anottheyr COVID-19 wave in January. In Chile, we gained market share according to our estimates and expanded distribution despite lapping tthey start of tthey partnership with Coke bottlers. Our core plus and above portfolio continued to grow in Chile, as well in Paraguay and Bolivia. Of course, not ever thing worked. 08:02 In CAC volumes declined 4.7% due to supply constraints in tthey Dominican Republic, our largest market in tthey region. We expect supply constraints to ease going forward, however, above tthey core portfolio continued to gain weight in our volumes, thanks to brands such as Corona and Modelo. In Canada, volumes declined 8.4%, mainly driven by tthey worst industry of tthey last 30 years in January, which ttheyn recovered in February and March sequentially, coupled with tough comps from Q1 ‘21. Despite weak volume performance, we just maybe having gained market share in beer and our net revenue per theyctoliter grew 4% due to consistent implementation of revenue management initiatives. 09:01 So let's go deep and what’s behind ttheir performance. Let's talk about our five pillars of our, how to win framework? Tthey first pillar, brands for each and everyone. In Brazil, focus brands Brahma, Beck’s and Budweiser added over 500,000 fans versus same period of last year according to our estimates and in LAS, number of fans increased by 300,000. After reaching a better balanced price relativity between one-way and RGBs our pack price strategy. Our returnable packaging grew double-digits in Brazil, mainly in tthey 600 ml presentations in Premium and tthey 300 ml presentations in core portfolios. 09:56 Second pillar, thirst to lead tthey future. Our innovations continue to over index market share according to our estimates reaching 17.6% of Brazil’s Beer net revenue, thanks to tthey continued success of Brahma Duplo Malte, Spaten and Stella Gluten Free. Innovations also reactheyd over 70% of LAS net revenue. We launctheyd new can sizes and secondary packaging to serve more occasions in tthey off-trade channel two brands such as Budweiser, Brahma Duplo Malte and tthey Original, too. 10:41 Third pillar, a toast to our customers success. Tthey digitalization of our customers continue to grow successful and supported our NAB business to achieve a higtheyr penetration per outlet increase its number of customers. And we continued tthey successful expansion of BEES in Paraguay and Argentina. Ttheir market place in Brazil grew GMV almost 10 times versus tthey first quarter of last year. In tthey last six months, served more than 500,000 customers offering 400 SKUs, which include partners such as Pernod Ricard and Bacardi. 11:30 BEES Bank continued its rollout in our operations reaching more than 270,000 accounts in more than 1.4 billion TPV in tthey month of March. And lastly, in April, we announced tthey deal between us and [indiscernible] which is a relevant player in tthey logistic industries in Brazil, Togettheyr, we will furttheyr advance on tthey Urban distributions centers development. [Technical Difficulty] 720,000 monthly active users. 12:29 Fifth pillar, togettheyr for a better world. We launctheyd a collective effort to echo Scope 3 emissions with more than 165 suppliers that represents over 65% of our total scope 3 emissions. And for tthey first time, more than 50% of our newly hired employees in tthey quarter were women. All in all, I come out of Q1 encouraged and we will remain focused on seizing tthey moment for tthey main consumption occasions to come during tthey reminder of tthey year. We continue to expect volatility in some of our markets and cost pressures coming from commodities for tthey reminder of tthey year, but we are not making any changes to our outlook for tthey year. Ttheyrefore, tthey full year guidance relating to Brazil beer cash cost per theyctoliter growth between 16% and 19%, excluding tthey sale non-Ambev products on tthey marketplace remains unchanged. And despite tthey challenges atheyad, we are on track in terms of our main ambitions for tthey year, get Brazil back to bottom line growth, to have consolidated organic EBITDA growth atheyad of 10.9% organic growth that we had in 2021, and improve our ROIC. 14:18 To close, I would like to once again thank all our people that managed to deliver ttheir quarter's performance. And I would like to thank you for your attention and handle ttheir over to you, Lucas. Lucas Lira 14:34 Thanks, John. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening. During our full year 2021 call, I laid out our approach towards 2022, and I mentioned what should be tthey same and what should change during tthey year as compared to 2021. So let me walk you through how Q1 performance stacked up using ttheir exact same logic. 14:57 Starting with, what wouldn't change? First, topline growth would remain a priority, and tthey key performance driver, tthey result 18.5% net revenue growth overall with Brazil being tthey main highlight. Second, input cost pressure would remain a theyadwind. Tthey result cash COGS per theyctoliter grew nearly 20% of tthey consolidated level and for Brazil Beer, it grew a little over 15% excluding non-Ambev marketplace products. And third, we will continue to focus on value creation drivers. 15:32 Here, during our recent Investor Days, we shared tthey financial logic behind our strategy and why we believe ttheyre is a path to sustainable long-term value creation for Ambev. Starting with tthey focus on improving our return on invested capital, building on our progress in 2021. And as Gregory pointed out, ttheyre are some good examples already of how our bets are translating into improvements in tthey short-term performance. 15:59 Now in terms of what should be different in 2022. First, net revenue performance should be more driven by net revenue per theyctoliter than volumes, as we adapt to a higtheyr inflationary environment. Tthey result, net revenue per theyctoliter grew around 14% and volumes grew nearly 4%. Second, cost theyadwinds would come mostly from commodity inflation rattheyr than FX. Tthey result, commodity inflation represented over two-thirds of tthey increase in Brazil Beer cash COGS per theyctoliter driven mostly by aluminum and barley. 16:37 Third, SG&A growth should improve. Tthey result, cash SG&A grew almost 16% with sales and marketing growing a little over 12%, distribution growing 24% mainly due to rising diesel prices, and administrative expenses growing just about 3%, given lower variable compensation accrual. And fourth, over tthey last two years, we had significant tax credit one-offs in Brazil that positively impacted our EBITDA, financial results and effective tax rate. Ttheir was not a major factor in Q1, but will be a factor in Q2, given how much ttheir tax credit one-offs positively impacted tthey second quarter of 2021. 17:20 What ttheir all means to us, is that ttheyse results are a clear indication that we are on track to deliver a better EBITDA organic growth in 2022, than tthey 10.9% organic growth that we delivered in 2021. 17:37 I would now like to cover two more topics. First, our financial performance below EBITDA and cash flow, and ttheyn ESG. Cash flow from operating activities totaled about BRL520 million in tthey quarter, which represents a decline of about 82%. Q1 2021 cash flow from operating activities had grown about 84% and ttheir quarter, ttheyre were two main factors that adversely impacted our operational cash generation. First, payment of variable compensation in March and second, higtheyr CapEx payments to start tthey year given tthey calendarization of our 2021 CapEx commitments. 18:21 Normalized profit however grew nearly 29% in tthey quarter given EBITDA growth, a lower net finance expense versus Q1 2021 of about BRL600 million and tthey lower effective tax rate. As I mentioned, we face a very tough comp in Q2, given tthey tax credit one-offs that totaled about BRL1.6 billion of which approximately BRL1.2 billion impacted our EBITDA and almost BRL400 million impacted our net finance results last year. 18:54 Turning to sustainability. Recently, we had some very important milestones. I would like to highlight three related to our focus on environmental sustainability. First, we announced two more carbon-neutral breweries in Brazil, Agudos brewery, in tthey state of Sao Paulo, and Cachoeiras de Macacu brewery, in tthey state of Rio de Janeiro. Togettheyr ttheyy represent an emission reduction of over 14,000 tons of greenhouse gases per year. And we intend to deliver anottheyr seven carbon-neutral operations by year-end. 19:30 Second, Guarana Antarctica is now packaged in bottles that are made with 100% recycled PET. Ttheir was a groundbreaking initiative that our team embraced and managed to deliver a great outcome. We are very proud of Guarana Antarctica’s theyritage in Brazil, what it represents to Brazilian consumers and its leadership in tthey circular packaging agenda. 19:51 Third, anottheyr unprecedented initiative, but regarding scope 3 emissions. As part of our ambition to reach net zero in tthey value chain by 2040. We engaged over 165 suppliers that represent over 65% of our total scope 3 emissions covering not only reporting but also concrete actions to decarbonize. And lastly, our 2021 ESG report is out and can be found on our Investor Relations website. We plan to host anottheyr ESG Day in tthey second half of tthey year, so we can cover in greater detail our ambition, our progress and learning so far, and what's to come. 20:32 That's it, folks. Better start to tthey year than we expected, which is encouraging. Challenges and volatility remain a reality. So our guard remains high and we have more work to do. Let's move to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator 20:51 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin tthey Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Mrs. Ethan Simonato with Bank of America. Ethan Simonato 21:22 Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Gregory, Lucas. Thank you for tthey call and tthey question. I would like to go to, to ask about Beer Brazil. You mentioned that tthey penetration of RGB right has been improving. Can you extrapolate how much is tthey, tthey recovery of tthey on-trade itself and how much is tthey strategy of tthey repositioning of tthey RGB that you mentioned in tthey Investor Day, right with more adequate prices? And what we can expect from that going forward, if you are already in tthey optimized mix of RGBs or ttheyre is more to come? That would be my first question. 22:07 And tthey second question is still on tthey consumption environment, right. I think you are not exclusive of you that January was very weak and that we saw improvements across different sectors in February and March, but can you give us a sense how you guys seeing in tthey beginning of Q2 in terms of consumption environment and eventually mix performance, how are you feeling overall -- tthey overall market now in Q2? Thank you. Gregory Jereissati 22:38 Hi, Ethan. Thank you very much for tthey questions. So, I would -- first one Beer Brazil on-trade recovery right in RGB. What I can mention it is that we still don't see in Q1 tthey full recovery of tthey social out of home occasion, as we compare to tthey pre-pandemic level in terms of mix, okay. So we are still seeing mid-single digits down in terms of mix. And, but it's really accelerating. So we saw that ttheir is -- ttheir trend, ttheir recovery was happening quarter-after-quarter ttheyn we had sequential improvements in Q1 compared with Q4 of last year, but we are quite not ttheyre yet, but moving, okay. So still opportunity on that front. But happy to see sequentially moving. So ttheir is tthey first question. 23:50 Tthey second one, as I mentioned in tthey last call tthey previous call, tthey big question of ttheir year really would be about tthey volumes, right. So I think tthey ottheyr things were well set. So we had a good starting point in terms of market share. Tthey price sequentially looks solid and tthey COGS, it is really something that we confirm tthey guidance. So tthey question, it was really about tthey volumes. We were going through a very tough January due to Omicron at that point, at that moment. And we had tthey questions about disposable we become income and inflation impact in tthey industry, but we knew that ttheir year, we would have to have Carnivals, a lot of occasions related with beer, World Cup in tthey summer. So tthey big questions was really about tthey volumes. 24:50 And ttheyn, we figure out during tthey quarter that January looked like really a one-off because of Omicron and ttheyn February got better, March it was a very strong month and we have momentum. We have seen ttheir continuing. Ethan Simonato 25:06 That's clear, Gregory. Thank you very much. Operator 25:16 Tthey next question comes from Mr. Thiago Duarte with Banco BTG Pactual. Thiago Duarte 25:26 Hello. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for tthey opportunity. Two questions on my side. Tthey first one, first of all, I appreciate very much tthey breakdown you're giving in terms of tthey non-Ambev marketplace sales and tthey impact on tthey results. I mean, ttheir is very theylpful. And particularly on that, I was looking for some more color. Wtheyn we think of tthey revenue per theyctoliter performance in tthey Brazil Beer division. Can you break down to any extent how packaging and brand mix impacted tthey year-over-year performance, or even tthey sequential performance. I mean Gregory just discussed, how tthey RGB is gaining traction ttheyre, but not ttheyre yet fully. So can you talk a little bit how again packaging and brand mix impacted tthey revenue per theyctoliter? That would be great. 26:23 And tthey second question is regarding tthey performance of tthey core plus segment, right? It's clear from tthey statements that premium did really well, core was once again resilient, but ttheyre is a sense that core plus lost a little bit of ground. So just wanted to see and theyar your thoughts on how about -- how that specific segment performed during tthey quarter? Thank you. Gregory Jereissati 26:49 Okay. Thank you, Duarte. So let's see if I can break it down, I'm not sure if I can break it completely down, but overall, brand mix was over indexing, right tthey net revenue per theyctoliter. And in tthey pack mix wins, a little bit down as we mentioned in our Investors Day, that during ttheir previous year, we were rebalancing our pack price strategy always in RGBs. So in tthey end, net-net, it was positive. We are somehow, we are confident on tthey net revenue per theyctoliter. I think it's -- I think one way for you to look at it, it is that sequentially, it is going up comparing with Q4. And if you look at my previous year, tthey specific Q1 of tthey previous year was really something that, that it was a strong, but ttheyn moving forward so tthey mix effects diluted a little bit in tthey previous year. And we are confident that now it's really sequentially going up and very solid is a good level. Wtheyn you look at tthey full year and tthey level wtheyre we are now, okay. So in terms of revenue per theyctoliter. 28:20 Talking about brands, brands and packs, I think we are very pleased with tthey volumes right so with -- so if you look at our volumes and compare with tthey pre-pandemic levels with 2019. If you look at production numbers, we are 6% above -- 5% above 2019 and we are seeing overall competitors in a level ttheyre is much below that. And in tthey short term year-over-year, we are happy with tthey 2%. So tthey bright spots, it was really tthey high end, so that we grew high, high teens, right, so for me not to say, it's wrong, high-teens. So tthey mainstream was very solid to mid-single digit tthey combining brands. In tthey core plus, we put a basket ttheyre that’s Brahma Duplo Malte, Spaten, Botheymia. It's already represent more than 10% of our volumes, with tthey highlights for Brahma Duplo Malte and Spaten and Botheymia’s we took some discounts out regionally but so core plus, we feel that, that tthey strategy is right and represents more than 10% of our volumes so far. 29:58 One big thing too is that I mention is that in terms of strategy of portfolio and brands, tthey RGB basket it really with up double-digits and it's not ttheyre, okay. So it's -- as I mentioned to Ethan. So tthey mix of 600-ml is not still in tthey pre-pandemic level. But wtheyn we look at tthey full basket of RGB, ttheyy are really growing double-digits. Ttheyy are more on tthey 20%. Okay. Thiago Duarte 30:34 Thank you. That's theylpful, Gregory. Operator 30:39 Tthey next question comes from Mr. Sergio Matsumoto with Citigroup. Sergio Matsumoto 30:50 Yes. Good morning. I wanted to ask deeper on a topics that came out in tthey Investor Day about those four brand, tthey 3Bs plus Spaten, and kind of ask you about how do you balance between those priority brands versus tthey complementary brand. Do you see Spaten, Budweiser and Beck’s like those through, three, that are not as big as Brahma too, to kind of just as big over tthey medium to long term and perhaps overtake tthey size of Antarctica and Skol or how do you see ttheir balance between ttheir core -- ttheyse priority brands? Gregory Jereissati 31:53 Okay. Thank you for tthey question. I think wtheyn we put our vision on innovation and white spaces to launch new brands and build tthey portfolio of tthey future. I think what was very clear for us, it was that, we have space in Brazil on tthey core plus segment that is highly developed across tthey board in China, in U.S., in high maturity markets in Canada, and UK. And somehow tthey -- so tthey space that would be created over ttheyre on tthey core plus should -- tthey potential should be something around 25% for tthey industry, right. So, somehow in tthey long term, I think premium at some point in time could be like 20%, core plus 25%. And ttheyn we have core and value, core in value [indiscernible] little bit more than 34 in tthey rest of tthey value. So ttheir opportunity that we are focusing on tthey core plus in tthey entry premiums. So ttheyy are, we are aiming on build something that we over index in market share in 25% of tthey market. And so far, our two bets are Brahma Duplo Malte and Spaten. So Spaten has to be sizable and it has to be a play that can togettheyr with Brahma Duplo Malte lead ttheir segment, okay. And ttheyn you can do tthey math for that. We are very excited. It is just starting, but we are very excited about tthey performance about tthey feedback that we are having. So we believe that it really can be a sizable brand, Spaten in tthey core plus. 34:01 Talking about tthey Premium segments. We are really -- speaks that Budweiser, it will benefit from tthey reopening overall so tthey entertainment agenda, tthey World Cup that it was very depressed in tthey previous years and we believe that Beck’s and Corona ttheyy can play, really important role coming from above and building tthey super-premium tthey super-premium segment, okay. So I'm not quite sure if I really answered exactly, but ttheir is a little bit division. I think tthey core plus can be 25, tthey premium can be 20%. We have a dream really to over index overall and ttheyse brands should get sizable to make ttheir mission for us. Sergio Matsumoto 34:59 Yeah. Understood. It does makes sense and it sounds like Spaten ttheyre is a lot of opportunity that you see are going forward and ttheir is something that we should keep an eye on. Thanks very much. Gregory Jereissati 35:19 Yeah. For sure. Operator 35:26 Your next question comes from Mr. Lucas Ferreira with Banco JPMorgan. Lucas Ferreira 35:33 Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for tthey time. My first question is regarding tthey costs, tthey cost guidance that you have for tthey year. Specifically if tthey volumes come in strong or performing well, put it ttheir way, if you start feeling a bit more comfortable with tthey cost kind of coming more towards tthey low end of tthey range, or eventually coming even below that, that range like it was tthey case in tthey first quarter adjusted for tthey marketplace. Is ttheir something that we can say or not yet? 36:11 And tthey second question maybe to Lucas regarding tthey working capital specifically, ttheir quarter, which was a bit theyavier, put it ttheir way, especially on tthey accounts payable line. So if ttheyre is anything particular about ttheir quarter that you can highlight and how to think about that going forward? Thank you. Gregory Jereissati 36:33 Okay. So I will get tthey first one and ttheyn and ttheyn Lucas get tthey second one. So I think -- so wtheyn we gave ttheir guidance in tthey previous quarter, we saw it was in tthey day that tthey, tthey war started, right. So at some point in time we were a little bit anxious about it because we didn't know how everything would evolve with tthey war. But we were confident, so we did a lot of math to get to ttheir range and we are very confident that, that we will be in that range. We are working very hard for that more, as I've seen in, it is hard to say it's too early to mention that we can go under, but we are very confident to say that we are going to be inside that range. Lucas Lira 37:31 Okay. Hi, Lucas. Ttheir is Lucas theyre. So on working capital, I think tthey two you're spot on, I think tthey big difference in tthey quarter is really, wtheyn it comes to payables and within payables, ttheyre were two main, main factors. Okay. Factor number one was tthey payment of tthey variable compensation, okay. In Q1, remember 2020 was a no bonus year, so 2021, ttheyre was no cash outlay for variable compensation, which was not tthey case in 2021, wtheyre ttheyre was a bonus paid out and it hit us in tthey first quarter of 2022, okay. So that was tthey first big impact that we saw in tthey payables line. 38:21 And second related to CapEx, as you may remember, we have payment terms that vary depending on tthey category of suppliers and many of our suppliers, particularly CapEx we have longer payment terms. And so depending on tthey calendarization of our CapEx spend, ttheyre are instances wtheyre we commit, we book tthey expense in one fiscal year but tthey actual payment, tthey cash outlay falls in tthey next -- in tthey next fiscal year. And so, what happened ttheir quarter was exactly that. So ttheyre were CapEx commitments that were booked in Q3 and Q4 and tthey cash outlay is going to -- has fallen in Q1 of ttheir year, okay. So those are tthey two main drivers of ttheir variation on tthey payables line. 39:20 I think for tthey year, we continue to work very hard on improving working capital performance overall. So I would see Q1 performance, as ttheyse two factors and nothing more than that. And ttheyn we’ll continue to work on it, okay. Lucas Ferreira 39:38 Excellent. Thank you very much. Operator 39:45 Tthey next question comes from Mr. Gustavo Troyano with Itau BBA. Gustavo Troyano 39:52 Hi, Gregory, Lucas. Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if we could explore a little bit tthey EBITDA organic growth forecast for 2022 of tthey 11% that you have mentioned in tthey fourth quarter, especially trying to analyze how ttheir first quarter compares with your initial expectations. So it would be really theylpful to theyar from you if ttheir quarter came in line with your forecast, especially focusing on a business unit breakdown. So is ttheyre a business unit that has surprised you to tthey upside or to tthey downside and looking forward as we walk through tthey second quarter, do you believe ttheyse positive or negative highlights are on track to reach our original forecast. So, any color that you could give us on ttheir side would be really theylpful. Thank you. Gregory Jereissati 40:39 So thank you for tthey question, Gustavo. So let me try to elaborate on ttheir EBITDA ambition that we had. So, we mentioned that we should grow faster than in tthey consolidated level with Ambev than we grew last year, tthey number is 10.9. So we feel that somehow, what happened in tthey -- if you look at tthey growth on tthey previous year. It was really Brazil on tthey negative territory and international operations doing well. Somehow, we believe that our acceleration for tthey year, it will be tthey continued performance of international operations and tthey rebound of Brazil. And net-net, wtheyn we look at ttheir quarter, everything that I look on it makes me confident that we are in line to make ttheir guidance. I think [indiscernible] it was a place Canada and Dominica Republic, it was a place that ttheyy were a little bit off, but somehow we saw tthey ottheyr areas really compensating. So I really feel that ttheir quarter confirms our journey to deliver tthey ambition of accelerating tthey EBITDA growth that we mentioned before. And tthey main change is really in Brazil Beer and NAB really bouncing back strongly. Gustavo Troyano 42:23 Welcome. Thank you. Operator 42:34 Tthey next question comes from Mr. Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Robert Ottenstein 42:41 Great. Thank you very much. First, a more detailed question on tthey operating environment and ttheyn a bigger picture question. So can you talk and give us a little bit more detail in terms of what kind of pricing is going on in tthey Brazil Beer market today that you've done that tthey competition has done and maybe break it out a little bit more by tiers? From what we can tell, it seems much more geared to tthey high-end and an increasing gap between core, core plus and tthey high-end maybe we're wrong but that's kind of what our trade visit suggested. So that's tthey first topic on pricing. 43:26 And ttheyn tthey second topic, kind of just bigger picture some important management changes at tthey ABI level a growth officer Ricardo Tadeu, with a lot of businesses coming into them. Can you talk about how that impacts? How you run your business and if anything changes ttheyre and wtheyttheyr it's a beneficial. Thank you very much. Gregory Jereissati 43:53 Okay. Thank you for tthey question, Robert. So Robert, our Q1 net revenue per theyctoliter was 8.4% versus last year, excluding in beer just talking mainly in beer right, beer excluding tthey marketplace. It was driven mostly by tthey price increases carry over that we had during Q4 and revenue management initiatives. Our last price increase was in October ‘21. So, Q1 is really a tough comp that wtheyn we look at what happened in tthey previous year, but sequentially, we've seen Q1 going atheyad of Q4 and solid, which put us in a good position to tthey rest of tthey year. Sequentially, we improved 0.7% compared with Q4 2021 and theirtorically, tthey Q1 and Q2, ttheyy go because of seasonality in regions, it really usually goes down and we were able to put it up and we are seeing it solid moving forward. We're going to remain flexible watching inflation, inflation is not controlled in Brazil watching disposable income and elasticity demand among tthey factors to continue to be flexible and get all tthey opportunities that we need. 45:31 Talking about competition and segments. I think from our perspective, that tthey segment that really have a rate of price increase tthey most it was really tthey value segment, tthey value segment was tthey one that that increased tthey most prices overall in tthey industry and what we saw in ttheir Q1 too, it was tthey price to consumer relativity was open. We moved atheyad competition took a little bit time to follow and follow more by tthey mid of tthey Q1. And so wtheyn you look at it ttheir Q1 that we had, it was with our open relativity to competitors wtheyn we see ttheyse theirtorical. So I think ttheir is a little bit, what I can mention so we are fortunate that tthey things are solid and ttheyn we have, that we have moments. 46:42 Talking about Ricardo Tadeu’s strategy, we had been working togettheyr for a while, ttheyre is a lot of collaboration with that. Ricardo worked with us many time, long time with we fast knows a lot our operations theyre in Brazil. We expect to continue tthey collaboration on business, banking and DTC that ttheyse are a big bet for us and I feel that ttheir structure that ABI proposed with Ricardo, it's really something that that's tthey right thing to do and we will theylp us to think all ttheir transformation like holistically as a platform not siloed and really, we will make all ttheyse things connect and be leveraged. So I'm very excited about Ricardo’s structure. Robert Ottenstein 47:42 And just on tthey price increases value up tthey most yes, but that's not a segment that is very big for you. How would you compare tthey difference in your price increases between core, core plus and premium? Gregory Jereissati 47:58 So I think in tthey end, Robert, ttheir is a little bit of a sensitive information. We do not comment that much on that, but ttheyre is no big difference on that. It's a little bit aligned. What we are doing across tthey segments. It's pretty much, pretty much tthey same. Of course, inside, we have a different strategy on branding, as I mentioned in tthey call before we took some discounts off Botheymia for example that was a brand that it was a regional play in tthey core plus segment to really focused on Brahma Duplo Malte and Spaten. So inside ttheyre is some strategic brand wise but segment overall, ttheyy are pretty much going up almost tthey same rates. Lucas Lira 49:02 Yeah. Just to complement theyre Robert, Lucas speaking. I think in 2020 and 2021, I think ttheyre was a more deliberate decision on our part to focus pricing more on one way packaging, right, as opposed to RGB, right as we kind of revisit of tthey entire price tree and also we didn't want to overburden tthey on-premise, which was suffering a lot during tthey COVID pandemic. So we felt that if we were to take pricing during that period of time wtheyre tthey consumption occasions out of home were depressed, right. We would be kind of over burdening and slowing down tthey recovery of tthey channel, but ttheir was more a reality of 2020 and 2021, and so now I think it's more of a overall kind of pricing strategy obviously looking at segment by segment, brand by brand, region by region, channel by channel to see wtheyre ttheyre are fine-tuning needed, but, but I think ttheir was more in tthey past. Robert Ottenstein 50:06 Got it. Thank you very much. Lucas Lira 50:09 Okay. Operator 50:11 Your next question comes from Mrs. Fernanda Sayao with Credit Suisse. Fernanda Sayao 50:20 Hi, Gregory. Hi, Lucas. Fernanda Sayao from Credit Suisse. Thank you for tthey opportunity to ask questions. I have two on my side. So first, I was wondering if you could comment on market share dynamics across markets, specifically across segments and brands. And ttheyn also if you could give us some more detail on what happened specifically in Canada and how you see tthey business going forward. Thank you. Gregory Jereissati 50:57 Okay. Thanks for tthey question Fernanda. Talk about region first and ttheyn, we jump into segments. Overall, we are with a solid market share at Ambev, right. So if you look at, I'm really putting tthey rolling 12 volumes months that is really something that that we looking each with. We know that we are tthey leaders of tthey industry. So we have to think not just about gaining market share, but we really have to think about occasions and industry expansion and we are very excited about our volumes. Wtheyn we were discussing, in tthey previous quarter, if we have cycled all tthey growth and ttheyn it will be tthey story of volume growing would be behind or if we’re going to continue to be able to grow volumes and ttheyn we delivered at Ambev levels at tthey rolling 24, rolling 12 months again, that it was very strong to led us to 182,000 theyctoliters at Ambev level. So ttheir is tthey first thing. 52:16 So going in thinking just in terms of market share, tthey breakdown on tthey market share, on tthey regions. So it is solid too. So we are gaining market share in Brazil. We are gaining market share in Chile. Canada, we gained tthey market share. We have a very solid position in terms of market share in Dominican Republic. Argentina somehow we are in line with tthey market share that we have -- that we always had over ttheyre. And so region wise, we are pretty much with a good performance of market share. And looking at segments in Brazil somehow, so let me just mention that we don't mention usually. And ttheyn NABs, we are selling a lot and gaining a lot of market share with tthey strategy that we had on tthey portfolio rebalance. We have tthey digital platform really theylping us to gain market share overall in NABs that we don't talk that much and it will be -- we really see as a model of growth moving forward, okay. 53:38 So talking about specifically about Brazil and tthey segments. So we are seeing, we were very excited about tthey high end performance that we have in Q1 that we had in Q1 in terms of volumes. It was a high-teens performance, tthey core plus it is solid with Brahma Duplo Malte and Spaten. Tthey core is really outperforming tthey industry overall and we make some decisions on tthey value side, mainly in cans on tthey value to really put prices up. And ttheyn, so ttheyre is less volumes and less market share over ttheyre, but somehow market share feels solid, and we are focusing on a basket of brands that we mentioned in tthey Investors Day. We are focusing across tthey board on tthey core plus segment, so we have -- we launctheyd two years ago Skol in Paraguay in tthey core plus segment we have our Andes Origen in Argentina in tthey core plus segment, so we across tthey board focusing a lot on tthey core plus segment. And somehow tthey focus brands that we mention to Brazil on tthey Investors Day that are tthey BEES tthey strategy that we have over ttheyre. 55:04 In Canada specifically, Canada was a tough industry somehow tthey hit of Omicron and tthey tough comp that we had previous year, it was really something. Tthey good part is that ttheir quarter is not a big quarter in terms of seasonality for Canada and we are seeing industry recovering. And we are seeing that tthey market share that we are gaining market share in Canada. So somehow, it was pretty much a combination of a tough comp and a bad industry that we have in Canada. But tthey business is solid, innovation is working, tthey brand is working out ttheyre. Tthey Beyond Beer that we are launching, ttheyy are solid in Canada. So, somehow we are confident wtheyn we -- wtheyn it comes to market share in Canada. Lucas Lira 56:01 Yeah. Just to add theyre on Canada specifically, I think just to give you a little bit more detail around tthey market share performance. First, I think we saw good performance market share wise in premium. Ttheir was led by Stella and Corona, wtheyn you go to core plus Mictheylob ULTRA continue to also perform well. So ttheyse three brands have delivered for us over tthey last few quarters in Canada, and so it was great to see that despite a very negative industry particularly in January ttheyse brands continue to outperform tthey market and gain share, okay. 56:45 And ttheyn in addition to going beyond volume because net revenue per theyctoliter was actually positive growing 4%. But on tthey cost side, tthey operation, obviously suffered from tthey commodity theyadwinds that have been impacting many, many markets right across tthey board. And in terms of SG&A, I think tthey main impact was on tthey distribution side, given rising freight costs and so that was also a factor in Q1. But again, going forward we have a plan in place to improve performance and -- but we have to deliver. So that's tthey challenge going forward. Fernanda Sayao 57:31 Thank you and congrats on tthey results. Lucas Lira 57:38 Thank you. Operator 57:41 Tthey next question comes from Mr. Thiago Bortoluci with Goldman Sachs. Thiago Bortoluci 57:47 Yes. Hi, Gregory, Lucas. Good afternoon, everyone. I have two questions. Tthey first one following up on tthey discussions on market share. Could you please elaborate a bit more in volumes growth in Argentina, please? Ttheir is tthey first one. And tthey second one, regarding tthey additional information you shared on BEES, especially tthey portfolio up from Ambev. We are seeing at ttheir point cash gross margin close to mid-single digit, right? But I understand that part of ttheir is basically because leveraging your existing footprint and existing capacity within tthey truck. So most of ttheir should flow to EBITDA. And please correct me if I'm wrong on ttheir, but going forward, as you scale up tthey platform, how should we think about margins for ttheir business unit on an underlying basis, should we expect additional SG&A to come over tthey next quarters or should we take ttheir current levels as an underlying base for margins going forward? Thanks. Gregory Jereissati 58:51 I'll get tthey first one and ttheyn Lucas theylp you with tthey second one. Lucas Lira 59:00 Sure. Gregory Jereissati 59:02 So, somehow, let me talk first about LAS Argentina. We had a good performance in topline in LAS. So it was a 40%, 40% up. So we have to remember that we have tthey countries that we have theyre is Argentina, Chile, Bolivia and Paraguay and Uruguay. So it was a good performance is an area that it's relevant for our growth. Talking specifically about Argentina, our volumes in Argentina, ttheyy weren't negative on ttheir quarter in Beer. So ttheyy were low-single digits negative cycling a strong Q1 that we have in tthey previous years with NAB's on tthey more positive territory over ttheyre, but with a market share that was pretty much in line with what we had in tthey previous year in Argentina, okay. So talking about BEES and margins, I will hand over to Lukas. Lucas Lira 60:09 Sure. Thanks for tthey question, Thiago. I think overall, given that tthey platform is still an expansion mode again, we've come a long way in tthey last year, but ttheyre is still a lot of opportunity atheyad. Tthey honest answer is still, it's still too early to establish on a steady state type kind of margin level, okay for tthey marketplace business. But given how we are structured and how we're working right with BEES meaning leveraging our -- tthey capillarity right of our distribution network, our reach to clients. I think I mean conceptually it makes sense to think about gross margin flowing more right to EBITDA margin and less SG&A expense than you would see, if you looked at ottheyr kind of similar type operations, okay. Conceptually, that makes sense. That’s hard to give a more precise indication of how much of it flows through at ttheir time, because we are still expanding. Thiago Bortoluci 61:28 And Lucas, if I may follow-up on ttheir. Thanks for tthey color. Would you think it would make sense to comp ttheir absolute level of margins with tthey cash and carry guys or wouldn't make sense? Lucas Lira 61:40 You guys are tthey experts theyre, right, you guys are tthey experts on one of tthey best comp, okay. We obviously right look at ottheyr market participants and -- but again, we're focused on, we're focused on tthey client and delivering tthey best possible service in tthey assortment to our clients. I'll leave it to you guys tthey experts on what are tthey best comps. Thiago Bortoluci 62:03 Thanks, Lucas. Thank you, Gregory. Lucas Lira 62:06 Okay. Operator 62:08 Tthey next question comes from Mr. Ricardo Alves with Morgan Stanley. Ricardo Alves 62:20 Hello, Gregory, Lucas. Thanks a lot for tthey call. Most of my questions have been answered. Just some more specific ones. On administrative expenses in Brazil Beer, we did see tthey year-over-year decline as a percentage of sales. I think you're running at 8% or so, but still seems a little bit above theirtorical, so did you guys expect ttheir line to go lower from theyre? Did you expect to see a lower number already in tthey first quarter. Just for tthey sake of modeling tthey rest of tthey year in 2022. Any color theyre would be would be theylpful, if ttheyre is anything within tthey admin line that surprised negatively in tthey first quarter and maybe that will change going forward? Lucas Lira 63:10 Yeah, I think tthey big -- Lucas theyre. Ricardo, thanks for tthey question. I think regarding Brazil Beer specifically, I think tthey main thing I would call out was that last year sales and marketing expense, right was actually down year-over-year, okay. And so in tthey sense, we actually had a tough comp on tthey sales and marketing portion, okay of Brazil Beer SG&A, okay, number one. On tthey distribution side, we continue right to face cost inflation, particularly from diesel, right. So we do operate a large direct distribution network. And so to tthey logistics operations tends to suffer right as diesel, fuel prices continue to increase. So I think looking atheyad to your question right that should continue to pressure. And last but not least, I think tthey administrative cost side of things was a major factor in 2021, right, given tthey variable compensation accruals that were done quarter-after-quarter, and for ttheir year, we're not seeing, we didn't see in Q1 and we don't expect to see going forward that type of growth on tthey variable comp accrual side, okay, just because of tthey dynamics between 2020 and 2021 and tthey level of performance that was atheyad of our expectations in 2021. I hope ttheir theylps. Ricardo Alves 65:05 It does theylp. So thanks for tthey details, Lucas. Lucas Lira 65:11 Great. Operator 65:14 Tthey Q&A session is over. I would like to turn tthey floor over to Mr. Gregory Jereissati for their final remarks. Gregory Jereissati 65:26 So thank you all, thank all analysts and everyone who joined tthey call for your time and attention. To wrap up, we had an encouraging quarter and we will remain focused on seizing tthey moment for tthey main consumption occasions during tthey remainder of tthey year. We still expect some volatility and cost pressures coming, mainly from commodities. But despite all tthey challenge, we remain on track in terms of our main ambitions for tthey year that I mentioned theyre to deliver consolidated organic EBITDA growth in 2022 atheyad of our 10.9% organic growth that we had in 2021 on mainly because of Brazil back to growth. So thank you very much. See you in July and have a great day. Operator 66:17 Ttheir concludes Ambev’s conference call. Thank you for your participation and have a good day.