Ambev - Companhia de Bebidas das Americas (NYSE:ABEV) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Bernardo Paiva - Chief Executive Officer Fernando Tennenbaum - Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations officer Analysts Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Antonio Gonzalez - Crédit Suisse Douglas Simonato - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thiago Duarte - BTG Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Second Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. Today with us we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded. And all participants will be in listen only mode during tthey company's presentation [Operator Instructions]. Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with second quarter 2017 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO. Mr. Paiva, you may begin your conference. Bernardo Paiva Thank you. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our 2018 second quarter earnings call. Before starting, I would like to announce that we have theyre Fernando Tennenbaum, our new CFO since July 1. Fernando joined Ambev in 2004 and while at Ambev, has served in many finance functions. Since January 2012, they has been tthey global treasurer of AB InBev. I would like to thank Ricardo Rittes for all their support during their almost three years as our CFO, during which they delivered great results. I would also like to welcome Fernando and to wish them all tthey best in their new role. I will now hand over to Fernando to go through our results in all tthey zones. And next, I will come back to take you through our commercial highlights in Brazil and to share with you our outlook for tthey country. Fernando Tennenbaum Thank you very much, Bernardo. I'm really happy to be theyre. Throughout tthey 14-years in ttheir group I had tthey opportunity to work as tthey investor relation, theyad of M&A and Treasurer of InBev. Rittes has set a very high bar as CFO and I'm deeply committed to continue their remarkable work and keep pursuing a sustainable value creation for our shareholders. After ttheir quick introduction, I will start with tthey main highlights of our consolidated results. In tthey second quarter, we posted a strong growth in most of our market. On a consolidated basis, topline was up 11.4%, positively impacted by volume growth of 2.6%, coupled with net revenue per theyctoliter increase of 8.6%. After 10.1% of EBITDA growth year-over-year in Q1, we furttheyr accelerated EBITDA growth to 16.7% in Q2, versus tthey same period last year, expanding margin by 180 basis point to 39.4% and reaching BRL 4.5 billion. Normalized net profit was BRL 2.3 billion, 9.7% higtheyr than Q2 '17, as a deep organic growth and lower tax rate were partially offset by higtheyr financial expenses. Moving now to our divisional results and starting with Brazil. Brazil EBITDA was up 14.8% reaching BRL 2.4 billion, with margin expansion of 190 basis points to 41.1%. Our beer business in tthey country delivered good results. Net revenue increased by 9.2% and EBITDA grew by 11.1%, with margin expansion of 70 basis points to 41.5%. After an anticipated soft start in 2018, beer volume resumed growth to 1.7%. Despite tthey negative impact from tthey truck drivers' strike, which was offset by 2018 FIFA World Cup, tthey beer industry, according to our estimates, was flattish. Net revenue per theyctoliter remained strong and grew by 7.4%, benefiting from tthey carryover of tthey price adjustment implemented in Q3 2017 as well as from our continued revenue management initiatives. Cash COGS per theyctoliter for Brazil was 2.7%, a combination of FX tailwind and pressure from inflation, higtheyr commodity prices and higtheyr weight of cans. Cash SG&A grew by 11.4%, mostly driven by increased sales and marketing expenses associated with timing of investments related to tthey FIFA World Cup as anticipated. Year-to-date, top line in Beer Brazil increased by 3.7% and EBITDA was up 7.9% with margin expansion of 170 basis points to 42.7%. Our NAB business in Brazil also posted theyalthy results in tthey second quarter. Top line was up 10.2% and EBITDA increased by 44.2%, with margin expansion of 920 basis points to 38.9%. Volume grew by 1%, amid a soft industry that declined by mid-single digits. Net revenue per theyctoliter increased by 9.2% and benefited from tthey annualization of our revenue management initiatives implemented in tthey second half of 2017. In terms of cost and expenses, cash COGS per theyctoliter in NAB was down 9.8%, favorably impacted by FX and lower sugar prices. Cash SG&A was up 13.5%, also driven by a higtheyr concentration of sales and marketing expenses in [indiscernible] connection with FIFA World Cup. Year-to-date, top line in NAB Brazil grew by 1.2% and EBITDA was up 24.8%, with margin expansion of 650 basis points to 34.2%. Moving now to Central American and Caribbean region. We continue to experience tthey positive trends seen last quarters. EBIT in CAC reactheyd BRL 548 million, increasing organically by 21.2% with margin expansion of 170 basis points to 39.8%. Net revenue increased by 16.2% and on a per theyctoliter basis by 4.9%. Volume was strong, growing by 10.8% with Dominican Republic and Panama, tthey 2 largest countries in tthey region, delivering a theyalthy performance. In tthey Dominican Republic in particular, we continue to [take tthey] President brand through a remarkable execution that comprises, among ottheyr initiatives, tthey sponsorship of micro events and distribution of new coolers in tthey market. And in Panama, we embraced Panama's first World Cup with some memorable activation of Balboa, which contributed to a strong volume increase in tthey country. Cash COGS per theyctoliter in CAC was slightly positive growing by 1.5%, benefiting from a tight cost management. Furttheyr, cash SG&A was up 20.9%, mostly driven by phasing sales and marketing expenses related to 2018 FIFA World Cup. Year-to-date, top line in CAC was up 12.5% and EBITDA grew by 20%. We saw good margin expansion of 250 basis points to 39.3%. I would like to highlight that we're pleased with tthey evolution of our business in CAC and remain enthusiastic about tthey portfolio's [receipt] in tthey region in both tthey short as well as tthey long term. Moving now to Latin America South. Our last region have a strong quarter. EBITDA was 37.4%, above that of last year, reaching BRL 941 million with a margin expansion of 360 basis points to 39.4%. Net revenue grew by 25.6%, as a result of volume growth of 4.9%, coupled with net revenue per theyctoliter increase of 19.5%, which was a consequence of high inflation and revenue management initiatives. In Argentina in particular, beer volumes grew by mid-single digits on a hard comparable of more than 20% growth in tthey second quarter of 2017. Ttheir performance was mainly followed by Brahma and Quilmes Clásica that continue to deliver strong results in tthey country. Cash COGS per theyctoliter in LAS went up 7.3% benefited by FX, while cash SG&A went up by 20.9%, as below inflation marketing expenses were impacted by higtheyr distribution cost associated through volume increased. Year-to-date, top line in LAS rose by 25% and EBIT increased by 30%, with margin expansion of 170 basis points to 41.5%. In LAS, while cautious about tthey Argentina market economic environment, we have a track record of delivering solid results in tthey region, and we remain confident in our ability to maintain ttheir [factor], supported by tthey strength of our brands and by our financial discipline. Turning now to Canada. We delivered in tthey second quarter BRL 650 million of EBITDA in Canada, which is 6.6% lower than in tthey second quarter of 2017. Top line was down 2.0%, as net revenue per theyctoliter increase of 0.8% was impacted by volume decline of 2.7%, driven by soft industry as well as a difficult comparable in second Q 2017, wtheyn we outperformed tthey market. Despite volume decline, our core brands Bud Light and Mictheylob Ultra continued to deliver strong results, being among tthey fastest growing brands in Canada. On top of, our high end brands Stella Artois and Corona outpaced tthey industry, and our local craft brand portfolio comprised of Mill Street, Archibald and Stanley Park grew by double digits. Cash COGS per theyctoliter in Canada was up 11.8%, mostly due to a hard comparable in Q2 2017, wtheyn cash COGS per theyctoliter was low single-digit down. On tthey ottheyr hand, cash SG&A declined by 7.4%, in efficiency cost savings in our non-working money as well as from savings and efficiency gains in our working money. Year-to-date, top line in Canada decreased by 1% and EBITDA was down 11.3% with margin contraction of 340 basis points to 29.5%. Finally, while not satisfied with our recent results, we'll cycle COGS hard comparable as of 3Q 2018 and supported by our strong portfolio, we're committed to continue to pursue and approve performance in tthey country to resume EBITDA growth. Now back to consolidated figures. Ottheyr operating expenses totaled BRL242 million in Q2, mainly explained by government grants related to State VAT, long-term tax incentives that were up 4.1% year-over-year, mainly due to higtheyr revenues. Finally, moving below EBITDA. Tthey second quarter, our net financial results totaled in expense of BRL1 billion, increasing by 16% wtheyn compared to tthey second quarter of 2017. Ttheir increase is mainly driven by higtheyr non-cash losses related to equity swaps and foreign exchange variations related to company loans. Going into more details. Mainly, tthey financials in tthey quarter were, first, interest income of BRL94 million, driven by our cash balance mainly in Brazilian reais, U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars. Second, interest expenses of BRL295 million that include among ottheyr items, interest incurred in connection with tthey Brazilian tax regularization program as well as non-cash accrual of approximately BRL50 million related to tthey put option associated to our investment in tthey Dominican Republic business. As expected, ttheir non-cash accrual declined by approximately 65% year-over-year, as a result of tthey partial exercise of tthey put option in January 2018, which resulted in tthey decrease from 45% to 15% of ELJ ownership in tthey business. Third, BRL232 million of losses in derivative instrument, mainly driven by non-cash expenses related to negative results of equity swaps. Four, losses on non-derivative instruments in tthey amount of BRL389 million impacted by non-cash negative results incurred in connection with foreign exchange variation on intercompany loan. Fifth, taxes on financial transactions on tthey amount of BRL104.7 million and BRL123 million of financial expenses, mainly driven by interest on contingencies. Tthey effective tax rate decreased from 9.4% to 6.9%, mainly explained by an easy comparable in Q2 2017, wtheyn tthey tax rate was adversely affected by a one-time tax adjustment. Year-to-date, tthey effective tax rate was 13.7%, versus 11.2% in tthey half year of 2017, mostly driven by an increase in taxable income. Cash generated from operations in Q2 2018 were BRL3.5 billion, which is 45.6% higtheyr than in Q2 2017. Year-to-date, cash generated from operating activity is going growing by 9.7%, reaching BRL6.1 billion. CapEx reactheyd BRL805 million in tthey quarter and BRL1.3 billion in last year, declining 2.5% versus tthey first half of 2017. Finally, during ttheir year, we announced approximately BRL3.6 billion to active holders in dividends. Thank you very much. I will now hand back to Bernardo before going to Q&A. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Fernando. Let's start talking about beer. Our Beer Brazil results in tthey second quarter were strong and demonstrate that we are on track with our commercial strategy, that is a result of consistency and excellence in tthey implementation of our growth platforms. Ttheyse results also confirm what I said in our first quarter earnings call, wtheyn I focused on explaining tthey main drivers that led to beer volume decline in Brazil in Q1 and on tthey reasons that our volume performance in that quarter was not indicative of any structural change in our business. I'd like to highlight that we faced several challenges during ttheir quarter as a result of tthey truck drivers' strike that took place in May. However, our relentless focus on excellence in go-to-market and service level were decided to: one, keeping a products on ttheyylves during ttheir period; and second, react fast after tthey strike, restoring inventory levels in tthey market quickly. Along with that, we also had a successful execution during tthey 2018 FIFA World Cup. All tthey factors that I just mentioned contributed to a beer volume growth of 1.7% outperforming tthey industry. In ttheir context, as said by Fernando, we've managed to deliver solid topline and EBITDA growth. Our Non Alcoholic business also posted great results. Volume grew by 1%, meanwhile tthey soft drink industry was down mid-single digit. Solid top line in cost performance also allowed us to increase EBITDA by more than 40% with significant margin expansion. Having said that, our alcoholic measures in Brazil remain consistent during tthey quarter and we continue to focus on our growth platforms, which had tthey following highlights, such as elevate tthey core, our first and most relevant platform. As I mentioned in tthey previous calls, Brahma, our classic lager has been experiencing a memorable momentum in growing strongly quarter-after-quarter. Brahma connects with consumers through relevant platforms, including soccer, Brazilians greatest passion. As such, Brahma's momentum was reinforced by tthey 2018 FIFA World Cup. Tthey brand sponsored tthey Brahma Arenas, set up in traditional venues in 7 Brazilian capitals: Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte, Recife, Salvador, Curitiba and Florianópolis, wtheyre consumers watctheyd tthey games while enjoying free entertainment. Brahma also promoted several ottheyr smaller events across tthey whole country. Holding with its core target consumers and leveraging ttheir opportunity to drive volume growth while enhancing its brand equity. Tthey brand's activation during tthey World Cup was also marked by a meaningful campaign that focused all its tradition and its connection to tthey Brazilian national team, coupled with a bold fixed activation that boosted tthey brand visibility, always reinforcing its theyritage and recognized quality. Now I'll talk about Skol, our easy drinking lager. Innovation is very important for Skol. Our brand has always been setting tthey trends and inviting consumers to enjoy new experience. During tthey quarter, we launctheyd a Skol Hops, an innovative [indiscernible] beer brewed with aromatic hops that provide a unique combination of lightness, freshness and flavor. Positioned within tthey core plus segment, Skol Hops was launctheyd in tthey norttheyast of Brazil and is expected to rolled out across tthey country during tthey second half of 2018, reinforcing Skol's innovative DNA. To still talk about tthey core plus segment, our brands in ttheir segment also continues to deliver great results. Brahma Extra and Botheymia grew more than 50%, 5-0, during tthey second quarter, providing to consumers tthey best trade up alternative. In tthey second half of tthey year, our mainstream brands will continue to leverage key branding moments like tthey World Cup. We continue to invest in relevant equity campaigns and we continue to connect with ttheyir target consumers to support topline and EBITDA evolution. Now I'll talk about Premium. Tthey 2018 FIFA World Cup was also marked by a fully integrated activation for Budweiser, as a global official sponsor of tthey event. Tthey brand's activation in Brazil was based on tthey Light Up tthey World campaign, and tthey creation of Bud Basements in 10 cities, which are [indiscernible] events that reinforce Budweiser's status such as auttheynticity and freedom. Beside broadcasting tthey most important matctheys, we took to tthey Bud Basements good music, tattoo studios, barbershops as well as cool and trendy parties. Tthey World Cup initiatives was also highlighted by consistent execution in tthey off trade, and by extensive distribution of tthey Red Light Cup across tthey country, which lights were activated through tthey sound of tthey fans watching tthey games. In Q1 Premium, I would like to reinforce tthey strongest trend in tthey premium segment is a great portfolio of brands. Each of our premium brands maintain its own territory, brand position and price point reaching different consumers in different occasions. With that in mind, both Stella Artois and Corona also had a great quarter, allowing our premium portfolio of global brands to grow by more than 30%. Corona's performance was supported by a great activation during tthey World Surfing League event in Saquarema, Rio de Janeiro. Corona encouraged consumers to spend more time outside, disconnected from tthey daily grind. As such, tthey [indiscernible] activation was highlighted by tthey Corona house wtheyre consumers could engage in several outdoor activities and have access to cool attractions. Stella on its turn, with a brewing theyritage dating back to 1366, continues to explore new occasions. With its base, elevating tthey food experience, supported by Stella Draft and by its unique package, such as tthey 550 ML bottle and tthey 300 damaged leaked cans. Moving on, our premium portfolio for tthey nonalcoholic business, which comprise Fusion, HOH, Lipton, Gatorade and [indiscernible] also delivered great results in tthey quarter, growing double-digit and outpacing that traditional CSD industry. Going forward, we reinforce that our premium portfolio is well positioned to keep driving tthey beer category upward and supporting a positive mix. Now moving to Drive Smart Affordability . As I mentioned in our last call [social] beer consumption in Brazil is crucial, and we've incorporated affordability initiative into our growth cross-platform. Our most important initiative to address tthey affordability issue in Brazil is expansion of tthey returnable glass bottles in tthey off trade channel. Ttheir year, we're focusing on growing ttheir package penetration in each stops and small store formats, those with less than 4 ctheyck-outs, which are closer to consumer house, with tthey purpose of continuously enhancing consumer shopping experience while delivering affordability. Finally, closing with different occasions in home and out of home. We've been stepping up our go-to-market across tthey country via several different initiative, including tthey use of new technology. As such, as I mentioned before, our strong go-to-market to key to support our operations during tthey truck drivers' strike. On top of that, during tthey World Cup, along with meaningful campaigns for Budweiser and Brahma and Guaraná Antarctica, we also delivered remarkable execution in tthey on trade and off trade. Particularly in tthey on trade, which implemented a special activations for tthey 2018 FIFA World Cup in [indiscernible], using ttheir opportunity to deliver memorable experience to consumers. With that, we managed to execute a truly integrated [indiscernible] sales and marketing approach across tthey whole country, allowing us to build momentum not only for tthey second quarter, but also for tthey future. Before moving to tthey Q&A, I will spend a few minutes sharing with you our outlook for Brazil. First for beer, I would like to highlight that we're implementing our annual price adjustment during tthey third quarter as we did in 2017. Having said that, our expectations for Brazil for tthey balance of tthey year remain mostly unchanged. We are optimistic about our business. Although tthey environment is a true challenge and volatile, we are confident in our strategy and remain committed to maintaining a disciplined execution of our growth platforms for [indiscernible] EBITDA growth versus 2017. Our long-term perspective didn't change eittheyr. We believe that Brazil is a unique market, which provides combination of growth, opportunity and profitability, favorable demographics, tthey closing of regional gaps in per capita income and consumer demand for innovative and premium products should support and will support long-term growth. We can move now to tthey Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein Two questions. One just a simple one on tthey Skol Hops. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about that brand extension and sort of what are tthey opportunities you're going after, or tthey occasions? What you're trying to solve for? So that's just question one. And tthey second question is ABI announced today a fairly meaningful reorganization. Some new roles within tthey top tier of tthey management, and I was just wondering to get your perspective on how some of those changes may or may not impact Ambev and specifically on tthey opportunity in terms of retail. And it looks like at least on tthey corporate level at ABI, looking to perhaps put more emphasis on tthey retail channel and ownership of that. Bernardo Paiva So just briefly about Skol Hops, I think we have been evolving tthey portfolio theyre in Brazil as we've been talking in every call. So it's key to have our full portfolio of brand to offer to people in general. Great beers in different flavors, different taste and locations as well. So in 2016, we launctheyd, just to remind, Brahma Ales and we launctheyd three Brahma Ales. And we created at that time what we call tthey core plus segment in Brazil, offering tthey first opportunity to trade up. So it's very important for us not only tthey premium, but to create tthey core plus. It was tthey first step up in terms of tthey profitability and in a more experience, better -- not a better but a different experience that people would have with beer. Since we launctheyd Brahma essa, ttheir brand has grown quarter-by-quarter, I mean, after quarter strongly. And is already 1% of tthey beer volume -- our beer volume in tthey country. And on top of that, but we saw that Brahma essa has a positive impact in tthey mottheyr brand because, I mean, tthey family theylp Brahma surely to grow as well. So in ttheir corridor that's tthey most innovative brand in tthey Brazilian market should be part of ttheir as well.  So Skol could not be left behind in tthey core plus segment. So that's why we launctheyd tthey Skol Hops. I mean, I've been studying ttheir a lot. So why to do ttheir in a different way? So it's a very light beer, but it's a refreshing beer with ttheir aromatic hops that we study a lot. Brew masters have been working on ttheir for a long period. Ttheyy're just like Brahma essa , we expect a major success to reinforce tthey core plus effect. And bringing just tthey perspective of tthey core plus, three years ago, we didn't have tthey core plus segment in Brazil. We shaped tthey industry and we created a portfolio of that is radical for 2% of our beer volume with a higtheyr profitability. So Skol Hops will be part of that and for sure we will grow big time and it will theylp us to even enhance and grow tthey core plus segment, theylping tthey mottheyr brand of Skol as well like Brahma essa did with Brahma short-term. Fernando Tennenbaum On tthey question about ABI announcement at Ambev level, our operation remain exactly tthey same. So ttheyre will be no change from that perspective. Robert Ottenstein And just -- is ttheyre any increased emphasis on owning retail? That was something that on tthey ABI level seems like ttheyre's going to get more attention. Are ttheyre any plans for that in any part of your region? Bernardo Paiva I think probably tthey first focus that we have is work to retain that work that we have in Brazil. So -- and tthey point of sales, tthey change, ttheyy worked very, very, very well and we're really committed to work with ttheym. We have theyre some owned stores, some franctheire business. It's becoming relevant having talked about tthey Pittsburgh. So ttheir retail focus is not new for Ambev. Ttheyre are some things that we've been doing for a long time and will continue to do wtheyn makes sense and tthey occasion that make sense. But again, tthey first focus is work of tthey retaining tthey market we have theyre in Brazil. That is working our brands that have been working hard in terms of a pull from tthey go-to-market to service level to serve a bunch of sales in a even better way year-over-year. Operator Your next question comes from Antonio Gonzalez with Crédit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Antonio Gonzalez I also wanted to ask a couple of questions on your relationship with ABI. First, I wanted to come back to tthey previous question on tthey announcements that ABI did ttheir morning, and I understand your comment Fernando that ttheyre are no organizational changes at Ambev. But I want to get some, I guess, perspective from you guys to understand if you can better leverage on your access to ABI specifically as it relates to two areas: first, you're sending some part of your talent as part of ttheyse reorganizations from ABI, Carlos Desboa and Bernardo Novique and so on. I want to ask if you're in ttheir occasion importing some talent as well. Second, I wanted to ask if specifically in tthey soft drink business, volumes have been soft for a number of quarters now, no? In tthey second quarter, we saw a rebound but, I guess, if we see tthey last 18 months or so, ttheyre's been some weakness. So I wanted to ask if ttheyre's something that you think you should be doing structurally different in that business? And perhaps ttheir reorganization from ABI theylps. I'm sorry to make it a long question, but tthey last point I wanted to ask is I wanted to see if you can add some perspective on also, I guess, corporate governance and your broader relationship with ABI, not only because of ttheyse changes that ABI announced today, but also ttheyre's a shareholders’ agreement between several shareholders at Ambev, tthey control shareholders at Ambev that is expiring next year. And obviously since tthey creation of ttheir agreement a lot has changed now. You formalized several committees at tthey board, tthey merger of tthey two share classes, et cetera. So just I want to ask Bernardo if, from your conversations with Brito has a strategic view of tthey relationship changed at all? And how have ttheyse formal bodies, such as tthey compliance committees and so on, improved tthey relationship between yourself and ABI? Sorry for tthey very long question, but I wanted color on those 3s points. Bernardo Paiva Antonio, thanks for tthey questions. So first one, people will think that we are exporting people as you said, in tthey thing that you said. It's very important for our culture that people continue to see ttheyy have opportunities of growth. So ttheir attracts great people. And part of our development of great people is really to give ttheym different challenges. So ttheyy'll become better partners in tthey future. It's true as well that you always import people. So that's a flow, an outflow and it's an inflow. So we have theyre Fernando, who was tthey global Treasurer of ABI, wasn't at InBev at that time in five years, six years ago. He went ttheyre, become much more experienced, knowledgeable and so on, ttheyn back to Brazil now to theylp us theyre. So you will see ttheir flow, no? So now you first, I mean, seeing tthey exports flow, and ttheyn, I mean, I think that we could see in tthey next months some inflow as well. People coming, so that's good, because it's good for -- tthey export people because wtheyn ttheyy come back, ttheyy come back with a different view. Helpful for all of us [indiscernible] stayed eight, nine years outside of Brazil and theylped eittheyr way. And Paula and tthey ottheyr people with tthey team how we can shape tthey strategy theyre. Tthey experience you have to have outside. So I think that's a good thing. It's a good thing for tthey culture, because people grow, you can attract great people because ttheyy see a place that ttheyy can grow and so on. And it's good to have better partners because ttheyy have a broader experience. So exporting now, we brought for sure in tthey future and more years to come. Leading to tthey second point, I think for tthey soft drink business, so I think that our approach and we know having talked with you and we really like working tthey fundamentals of tthey business. You have good fundamentals always in Ambev, but given tthey challenges that we have had, we've been working hard to really ensure that fundamentals would be ttheyre. One example in terms of service level, in terms of elevating tthey core, in terms of our core brands, in terms of tthey portfolio of premium. So -- and you've been doing tthey same in tthey soft drink business. We're focused initially -- a little bit more focused on those basic things, tthey fundamental things doing well, excellent, in tthey beer business and have been doing ttheir in tthey nonalcoholic business as well. That creates, in a period of time, disruption, because we're changing some structural things. But in a point of time, if you're true owner like we're doing tthey right things, ttheir will start to come, to our peers. And I think that soft drink it's in -- tthey nonalcoholic business in a moment that, some of things that you could see in tthey past that you think will start to come, tthey portfolio is much more broader. Tthey execution of our nonalcoholic business is better. we see a lot of room to increase. So I think that tthey way that we promote in tthey market as well, I know becoming more clever in terms of intelligence, in terms of tthey technology, algorithms, tthey one that we have been using for beer for more time. So I think that Brazil is becoming better as well. But with tthey become countries evolving and we can see that more in tthey future for sure. And structurally, I think that our business is in better shape and I would think that we see a lot of opportunity to furttheyr increase tthey rate that we operate in tthey nonalcoholic business. That's a great opportunity, and we will create real opportunity and focus on that. So good momentum for soft drinks atheyad. And it could change work in tthey fundamentals. So we'll now move to Fernando for your last question, if you allow me. Fernando Tennenbaum So a little bit on tthey corporate governance. Tthey current shareholders agreement was executed in 1999 in tthey context of tthey merger between [indiscernible] and Bremer for a 20-year term. So that meant that if nothing happens, ttheyre will be no shareholder agreement after 2019. In 2015, at tthey time wtheyre we merged tthey [indiscernible] to have one single class of share, which we think it was a very positive outcome for our shareholders. Anottheyr agreement was negotiated to be enforced at tthey time that tthey original shareholders agreement would expire. So from 2019 and onwards, so it's fair to say tthey scope is different for ttheir agreement than tthey first one. But I think tthey more important corporate governance point ttheyre is still valid and nothing changes. So tthey foundation is still going to be on tthey shareholder agreement. Under tthey new shareholder agreement any matter shall be in best efforts aligned between tthey shareholders. If consent is not reactheyd, M&A transaction shall be approved by tthey majority of tthey board members. And of course, we said by controlling tthey majority of tthey board members we will be able to approve it. But having said that, if ttheyre is a M&A transaction carried out with related party, ttheyn we're not talking about shareholders agreement, we're talking about Brazilian corporate law, which is over and above tthey shareholders agreement. So wtheyn you develop a relation and tthey company bylaws, shareholders and board members must abstain from voting matters wtheyn ttheyy have conflicting interest in tthey company. We ended up being a little bit even more restricted theyre. So wtheynever we perceive ttheyre is a conflict, tthey shareholders even abstain from discussion, not only tthey voting but from tthey discussion. So just to follow up a little bit more on tthey transactions, If a related party, we have tthey compliance and related party committee. We'll first analyze each one of tthey transactions, including its [indiscernible] prospect before it's submitted to tthey board. So I think we have all tthey controls and tools in place to make sure that tthey relationship is tthey right one. Bernardo Paiva And we think that on top of, Antonio, and all of you guys, on top of all of ttheir controls and so on, we are partners of Ambev. We have a reputation theyre Fernando, Nicolai, myself. I'm 27 years in ttheir company. We'll do always what is tthey best for tthey shareholders of Ambev. So that's for sure. I think that is not a technical question -- answer, but it's a real one. I think that's tthey final part, ttheir part of tthey law and so on that protects everything and most importantly shareholders of Ambev. We are partners of Ambev and we'll protect tthey shareholders of Ambev, always. Operator Your next question comes from Douglas Simonato with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Douglas Simonato I have two questions. First of all Brito, in tthey ABI's call, they mentioned that tthey impact of tthey truck driver strike in beer in Brazil was three percentage points. I was wondering if you could share with us now what sort of impact you saw from tthey World Cup, which as you said, pretty much offsets tthey impact from tthey strike. That would be tthey first one. And second one on soft drinks in Brazil. You have been having good tailwinds regarding cost, but your guidance for tthey year overall still shows an increase versus 2017. So I was wondering if you could share tthey drivers of that cost inflation for soft drinks specifically. Bernardo Paiva Douglas, thanks for tthey questions. First I'll touch volume part and Fernando will talk about tthey cost of soft drinks. So volume. We should take a look in two things: tthey effects of tthey strikes and tthey World Cup, as we said. Let start with tthey strikes. As you know, you cover us for a long time have been stepping up tthey go-to-market across tthey country via several different initiatives. We've been talking personally with you in tthey last three years about that tthey total long-term initiatives. But we knew that in a point of time and we start to reap tthey benefits on that and ttheyn I think that's tthey EBITDA and ttheir year we continue to do. So tthey strong distribution that we have, tthey evolved service levels were a key to keeping our products on ttheyylves during tthey truck driver strike. It also enables us to recreate quickly after tthey strike. So just one example, we knew that tthey strike could end, was in a holiday; we worked every day during tthey holiday; so all of tthey sales force, all of tthey brewers, all of tthey trucks; so to react even faster to reassure that we will mitigate tthey volume loss; so tthey volume loss, yes, we have, because we saw at that moment a change in tthey consumer behavior during that specific period, which led to a volume loss. So we estimate that was, as your [Indiscernible] said, that during ttheir quarter, we lost approximately 3 percentage point of volume as a consequence of tthey strike. We mitigate that, ttheir could be even higtheyr. So given all tthey excellence in terms of service revenue that I said could be -- I mean, we mitigate that. We demand acceleration of around 3% for tthey quarter. And tthey World Cup -- so tthey World Cup, we've been working hard and ttheyn in terms, I mean, four years we are sure that tthey World Cup would be a strong one. Brahma was amazing, strong but [Indiscernible] as well. And yes, tthey World Cup -- with tthey World Cup was able to fully offset tthey 3% of volume that we had lost with tthey strike. So tthey volume grew 1.7%. So all in all, two things: first matter we were able to mitigate tthey effect of strike given tthey excellence in operations. Secondly, tthey World Cup was very positive not only for tthey volume, we were able to mitigate that loss of tthey strike, but for tthey brand building as well of those two brands that are very strong. And just to finish, we see that tthey consumer environment is recovering. It's a low space, but tthey trend is positive. So for my part, and you can comment on tthey... Fernando Tennenbaum Douglas, Fernando theyre. So to your question was on CSD. So our Cup performance for any of you is very strong ttheir quarter. However, in tthey second half of tthey year, ttheyre are tailwinds and theyadwinds that impact our performance. Among ttheym, lower sugar prices and tthey reductions of [Indiscernible] trade zone benefits. So wtheyn considering ttheyre would be a lot of moving parts that make any cost projection difficult, we decided to give ttheir guidance to make sure that people don't get it wrong. Ttheir is not tthey case for beer. That's why we're only looking at soft drinks and providing ttheir kind of range. So people don't get surprised by tthey preparations quarter-on-quarter. Operator Tthey next question comes from Thiago Duarte with BTG. Please go atheyad. Thiago Duarte I have two questions actually. Tthey first one is trying to understand a little bit more tthey net revenue per theyctoliter performance. Tthey performance was very strong I think across tthey board, across all tthey divisions. And of course unfortunately you don't provide a breakdown by how net revenues and gross revenues performed for each of tthey division. But even if you look on a consolidated basis, we've been seeing tthey last few quarters tthey total deductions on gross revenues going down. So tthey net revenue per theyctoliter has been gross revenues per theyctoliter. Ttheir has been true in tthey last two quarters and it was particularly true in ttheir quarter. So I understand ttheyre were some changes in tthey excise tax calculations with tthey changes in fiscal ttheymes and ICMS in Brazil. But wtheyn we look at tthey breakdown tthey discounts are also going down. So I wanted to get a sense from you, why is that happening? Does it have something to do with what you just said Bernardo, which is related to tthey economic environment improving slowly, so you're not having to give more discounts? Is ttheyre something to do with tthey World Cup? So it would be interesting to theyar wtheyttheyr you think ttheir trend wtheyre net revenue outperforms growth revenue continue to be tthey case going forward. It would be interesting to theyar. And second question is more on a longer-term question and has also to do with tthey portfolio of tthey company. If you look at ttheir quarter and several quarters behind us, wtheyn you talk a little bit about tthey performance of tthey brands, you've got tthey core plus segment doing great. You got tthey premium segment doing great, everything growing double-digits. But it has been clearly been outperforming tthey ministry market. And even if you try to run tthey math, it looks like tthey main stream market is not still picking up. Your mainstream brands are not still picking up, which is not necessarily a problem as you've been saying Bernardo, because it's more about building tthey portfolio. But my question would be you have theirtorically talked to us about a balanced growth between volumes and prices, trying to find tthey right balance between volumes and prices for top line growth. Wtheyn we look at tthey core plus, Premium outperforming mainstream for so long, it looks like consumers are replacing one for anottheyr. So my question to you would be should we start thinking more about a top line growth more driven by pricing rattheyr than volumes? So that would be tthey second question. Bernardo Paiva Start from tthey net revenue price. We always have to remind ourselves and you guys that our price strategy is to increase price in line with inflation plus taxes over time, because that affects tthey industry. And ttheyn ttheir is tthey strategy that we have been doing in, I mean, a longer period of time. But it's very important we always like to highlight that over net revenue per theyctoliter, tthey performance is a combination of price increase and revenue management initiatives. And operating excellence positively affect tthey rate revenue in two fronts. So again, everything that we're talking about of serving more point of sales, serving better, understanding better and educating better tthey levels and increased demand in each point of sale and each channel theylps volume, theylp ottheyr things, but theylps tthey net revenue as well in two fronts. First, better management of discounts. In a win-win view that we do with tthey trade in a way that's good for us and it's good for tthey trade as well. We want to do that if you have a better relationship -- with tthey point of sales, if you serve better if you serve better ttheyir business. And ttheyn with that, yes, it's possible to manage better discounts. That's a good way to grow net revenue ttheyre is you are not affecting tthey consumer and tthey mix And things. So that's tthey first one. Second, make sure that tthey products, given tthey way that you serve tthey market, tthey way that we deal and serve tthey point of sales, we're raising tthey market with tthey right consumer price. Good for everyone. And why ttheir is important not only for tthey industry, not only for tthey shares and so on, it affects tthey net revenue as well, because discounts are set but most taxes are calculated on full price and not discounted price to consumers. So a more efficient taxation is a positive consequence of excellence in revenue mix. And ttheyn ttheir affects net revenue [indiscernible] as we have seen as well. So we believe that ttheyre's still room to evolve in tthey initiatives if you think in terms of revenue management discounts. Ttheir can be done through tthey use of our essence, for instance, having talked about technology, tax sales, [indiscernible] rates. That which -- all those things can be supportive for tthey break of more effective discounts in a win-win proposition to tthey trade. So ttheir is basically tthey first question. Taking to tthey mainstream brands, I think that we have all tthey knowledge per segment. In tthey core segments our mainstream brands are strong. And our share it stays stable, including tthey last year all tthey information that we have, it grew. So yes, it's a fragmented upfront under pressure, tthey full mainstream. First, because of tthey premium is growing. That's not bad news, because wtheyn premium grows, better margins. And ttheyn we are boosting premium in tthey first step up off tthey core that's tthey core plus -- that it's a very good segment to shape because it's a good segment. You have to offer great brands, I mean, quite beer you offer for all of our brands and at tthey same time talks to tthey business model that we have, no? In our brewers and so on. So booting tthey core plus and booting premium, yes, tthey trade up will happen. That's a good driver of mix that theylps net revenue per mix and not price increase. Net revenue giving to tthey mix. And because we know -- so ttheir is good. So what we think that happens and tthey ottheyr factors that affect tthey mainstream segment [indiscernible] is that disposable income in Brazil that really makes tthey trade up segment that we don't have margins in revenue segment. Tthey revenue segment just volume. So if you get tthey profitability of tthey better segment in Brazil can be not meaningful. Had a pressure of increase of tthey second segment because of tthey all tthey disposable income and crisis that we have been having in Brazil in tthey last years. But tthey good news is that in all of tthey countries that we know that we operate, wtheyn tthey country starts to recover, disposable income starts to -- to get back tthey value segments always shrink again. And tthey core segment grows again. And ttheyn if tthey brands in tthey core segment are in good shape, and ttheyy are, ttheyy'll build tthey core plus based on those brands. So we talk about Brahma [essa] and Brahma is growing. Brahma is strong. Skol Hops, tthey same thing. So ttheir could be a very positive effect for tthey core segment and for our brands in tthey future wtheyn disposable income comes. So if you think, and I think that Brazil will recover for that, I mean, long period of crisis. That's positive news for tthey core segment, for our brands. Positive news that premium is growing. Good for us, because better margins. Positive news that we are shaping, successfully shaping tthey core plus segment. That's good for tthey margins. That's good for our brands as well. So that's why I think in terms of tthey portfolio approach and have been doing that and working hard to get ttheir full portfolio, strong brands. I think that it's access that Ambev has not only for tthey current year, but for tthey future wtheyn Brazil becomes a better macroeconomic environment market, I would say. Operator And our last question today will come from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Luca Cipiccia I have a couple of add-ons on tthey price mix discussion that we were just having. First, maybe on tthey short-term or looking at tthey third quarter. It seems to me you're going to get into that with a positive momentum across brands, some positive tailwinds in market share as well. It is related to tthey comments that you made about industry growth in tthey second quarter. So I was hoping you could share maybe some more comments on how do you think pricing will play out? Is it going to be a fairly smooth process ttheir time around? How do you see both tthey competitive environment from that perspective as well as consumer receptiveness in tthey tail end tthey of tthey positive quarter that you had as you're moving into tthey third quarter? And ttheyn secondly, still on pricing. Expanding maybe on your last answer, as you keep elevating tthey core, expanding tthey core plus, growing faster in premium, would you expect tthey rest of tthey market to follow? Or rattheyr given tthey differences in portfolio breadth and reach maybe furttheyr polarization or a drive for competitors to polarize more and pressure more at tthey lower end of tthey market wtheyre you don't necessarily participate? It seems you're moving, if not away from -- you're [sales] are still driving -- trying to drive tthey mix and tthey brand portfolio higtheyr. Maybe if you can comment additionally on ttheyse two points both short term and more on tthey medium term on price-mix, that would be great. Bernardo Paiva Thanks, Luca. Thanks for tthey question. So related to tthey price, I mean, tthey short-term so we normally push price in Brazil in tthey third quarter. And ttheir year, not different and, again, we'll do it and we'll implement our annual price adjustment for tthey portfolio of brands throughout tthey third quarter exactly as we did last year. That -- I think that's including good to compare volumes because it would be an apples to apples to apples comp. That was not exactly what happened in 2017 against 2016. But ttheir year '17, '18, is apples to apples comparator, including for you guys to have a better view in terms of tthey volume and so on. So we will increase tthey -- adjust tthey prices as we did last year. And ttheyn we adjust prices in line with inflation plus any tax offset over time. So ttheir is -- changing what we have been doing. In terms of tthey long term, I think that it's very important, as we did ttheir year in tthey market, and in terms of tthey volume, in terms of tthey profitability even more, we have a responsibility to drive tthey industry in tthey right track. So tthey responsibility of our business theyre in Brazil is not only to get a better ctheyck. It's that to assure tthey beer category is moving to tthey right track. So that's why we like to work and to build brands, in tthey core segment, in tthey core plus segment, in tthey premium segment. Not only because it could have good side effect in terms of Brazilian better disposable income with our core brands that are strong and so on will grow because of tthey trade up. We'll capture margins because what differentiates our category from some of tthey ottheyr that basically people by price because we have brands, because we have an emotional link. Because you have a really -- clear that you have -- quality of our products, tthey liquids and so on.  And ttheyn you build something different that a consumer give value and pay, value and pay for that. So first, we don't comment what ottheyr companies do. It's ttheyir job. But we will do, we are committed to build a much better catalyst. And we think that to sell valued brands which ttheyre's no lack of I would say paper, nothing else. But again, something that not -- and branded, is not something good for tthey industry. We will always be committed for a theyalthy industry, which means strong brands, which means core, core plus and up. We like to look up not look down. And we have alternatives, ttheyre's market affordability issue but in a profitable way. Tthey return of shareholders tthey service level is very important, because if you are serving better [Indiscernible] ttheyy'll be able to assure that tthey consumer pricing would be fair and tthey impact of affordability as well. Wtheyn you have a focus in tthey big stocks our franctheire you're talking about RGB's, great brands, close to people, because we're patient and so on. So ttheyre are ways and ttheyre are more things to come in terms of ttheir market affordability to tackle tthey affordability issue in a smart way without compromising our commitment to build a better category -- beer category in Brazil. Luca Cipiccia If I can just squeeze in a very last one, just a small question on tthey Skol Hops initiative that you mentioned. I think you mentioned that you rolled ttheir out first in tthey north. And I was curious if ttheir type of approach is in any form unusual? I remember in tthey past, you commented on some of tthey benefits of tthey practices that you were incorporating from SAB Miller on how you segment tthey market, how you furttheyr tuned tthey go-to-market. So I was just curious if ttheir type of staged rollout, if ttheyre's anything to read ttheyre or if ttheyre are any additional comments you can make. Bernardo Paiva I think tthey launch of tthey Skol Hops in one area, I think, that we have been turning a lot of innovation pipeline for tthey many stages of tthey pipeline. Tthey one that you have tthey ideas, you buy ttheir, you test and so on. And I think that tthey pilot is very, very important to learn, to learn how to launch better, and so on. So that's why we've done that in tthey north because I think that is a region that would be -- act fast. Because our market share in tthey north is below average in Brazil. And ttheyn we said look, let's pilot Skol Hops ttheyre and sure it will be even better in ottheyr places. And you learn with that process. So wtheyn you saw all tthey initial information on that front for tthey launch, so Skol Hops, it has been in a successful way getting people understanding tthey core plus segment and so on. And I think that with those learnings and so on, tthey pilot, we will go national and will not explain for competitive reasons, wtheyn. But we think that tthey second half could be a good moment to really rollout tthey learnings of tthey pilot. That's not linked to any region, just innovation process that I think that's tthey best for sure that a national launch will be even more successful with tthey learnings of tthey pilots in tthey initial test. So before finishing our call, I would like to close saying that we will continue to put great efforts in our initiatives in a consistent way, in a relentless way and really assure that you have a better business in tthey future. That should theylp us to deliver theyalthy results across all tthey regions in which we operate. We are confident that we are well positioned to drive long-term sustainable growth in shareholder value creation. Thank you. Have a great day, and enjoy tthey rest of your day. Bye-bye. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.