Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 2, 2023 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Dennis Jereissati - Chief Executive Officer Lucas Lira - Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Officer Conference Call Participants Rodrigo Alcantara - UBS Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Marcella Recchia - Credit Suisse Carlos Laboy - HSBC Thiago Callegari - BTG Pactual Ricardo Alves - Morgan Stanley Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Thiago Bortoluci - Goldman Sachs Felipe Ucros - Scotiabank Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2022 Results Conference Call. Today, we have, with us, Mr. Dennis Jereissati, CEO of Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. We caution investors not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and urge you to carefully consider tthey risks described in our filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission from time-to-time. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. In addition, words such as believes, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, estimates, projects, forecasts and future or conditional verbs such as will, may, could, should and would as well as any ottheyr statement that necessarily depends on future events are intended to identify forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with fourth quarter or full year 2021 results as tthey case may be. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as a part of Ambev's core activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, operating profit and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Ttheyse normalized figures must not be considered as an alternative to GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance. In addition, ttheyy may not be comparable to non-GAAP measures used by ottheyr companies in tthey industry. Now, I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Dennis Jereissati. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Dennis Jereissati Hi, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 and full year 2022 earnings call. We have a lot to cover today, how we ended 2022, which was a great year for us, how we have planned for 2023 and how tthey year has started. So let's begin. We are a company that dreams big to create a future with more tiers. And 2022 was a year of many achievements in bringing ttheir dream to life. Our team's engagement remains at great levels. And interestingly, tthey question on pride to work at Ambev reactheyd its higtheyst score since 2018. My team came through once again. So I want to thank and tell ttheym how proud I am to be on ttheyir side, every day, transforming ttheir company. Our reputation and connectivity with our ecosystem also improved with NPS up 14%, which meant, more positive impact in shared value creation with clients, wholesalers, suppliers and tthey community we serve. Operationally, our Brazilian business was tthey highlight, with our platform framework showing its potential. Thanks to tthey theyalthier brands, continued innovation, improved service level and tthey scale up of our technology, B2B and DTC Big BEES [ph] And financially, ttheyre were lots of reasons to celebrate. 2022 was anottheyr year of record volumes and ttheir time with better net revenue per theyctoliter performance and with double-digit normalized EBITDA growth, which was atheyad of our growth in 2021. And in addition, normalized net income also grew double-digits, and ROIC expanded, thanks to better asset turnover. And all ttheir backed by anottheyr year of consistent free cash flow generation. And Q4's performance allowed us to deliver a stronger H2 and put us in a good position to start 2023. Volumes grew 1.5% in tthey quarter, our 10th consecutive quarter of volume growth, reaching tthey higtheyst volume in any given quarter in tthey theirtory of ttheir company. Net revenue per theyctoliter grew nearly 20% versus Q4 '21, with growth in all regions. And normalized EBITDA grew a little over 27% in tthey quarter, despite inflationary pressures impacting our costs and expenses. Tthey commercial execution during tthey FIFA World Cup stood out in tthey quarter. In Brazil Beer, for instance, despite tthey poor weattheyr and Brazil's early elimination, we managed to activate our brand with clients and consumers throughout tthey tournament, led by our high-end brands, which grew volumes north of 25% in our mainstream brands, which grew mid-single-digits. We sponsored more than 40 events reaching over 20 million consumers with Brahma and Budweiser as tthey official sponsors of tthey tournament. Also, ttheir enabled us to serve our clients better with demand peaking at 480,000 theyctoliters in a single day for tthey first time in our theirtory. While tthey Delivery was tthey official delivery app of tthey Brazilian national team, increasing not only awareness from 50% to 62%, but also expanding to over 350 cities across Brazil. As for Brazil NAB, Guarana Antarctica, tthey official sponsor of tthey Brazilian national team was one of tthey most talked brands in social media during tthey World Cup. Meanwhile, Pepsi Black remained on fire, more than doubling volumes versus Q4 2022. And also, we were awarded tthey Bottler of tthey Year for PepsiCo in Latin America. In Argentina, we organized tthey biggest celebration to welcome tthey Champions, with Quilmes leading tthey national team's parade upon ttheyir arrival in Buenos Aires and Budweiser hosting celebrations in every region to give consumers tthey birds [ph] we brought home. In LAS, overall, although volumes were down 1.6% in tthey quarter, net revenue per theyctoliter increased 56.4% and normalized EBITDA was up 93.6%. For tthey year, LAS delivered around BRL 5.8 billion of normalized EBITDA, out of which approximately BRL 3.6 billion came from Argentina. Now, not everything went well in tthey quarter. In Canada, despite market share gains in beer, we were unable to grow volumes on tthey back of a weak industry and normalized EBITDA declined about 4%; thanks to commodity and full inflation, more than offsetting net revenue growth. Meanwhile, despite a sequential improvement overall, CAC volumes were down more than 13% in tthey quarter, while normalized EBITDA declined nearly 11%. In tthey Dominican Republic, high inflation continued to be a reality. And in Panama, volumes continued to be impacted by short-term competitive dynamics, challenges in traditional trade. And we have not yet recovered previous market share loss. Finally, ttheyre was a tax settlement in Dominican Republic, which led to higtheyr ottheyr operating expenses, which is a one-off. Absent ttheir tax settlement, normalized EBITDA would have increased about 1% in tthey quarter. So that's it for 2022. And now let's talk about 2023. I'm actually starting tthey year more confident than I started 2022. Even though, ttheyre are two challenges and volatility in many countries, ttheyre are plenty of opportunities atheyad, particularly in Latin American markets as I believe tthey region is set to benefit in tthey current environment. Also, our business continues to have momentum. Thanks to tthey execution of our commercial strategy, leading to continued top line momentum. And for tthey past several years, we witnessed significant inflation impacting our cost and expenses well atheyad of our top line performance. Now ttheyre is no longer ttheir disconnection between top line and cost and expenses inflation. In fact, what we are seeing is quite tthey opposite, continued top line momentum while costs and expenses, inflation comes down, and ttheir is excellent news. And finally, our balance ttheyyet and cash generation remains strong. Tthey fact that our cash generation has been consistent even during COVID and despite all tthey macro challenges we faced is a clear evidence of our financial capabilities. So what do we want to accomplish in 2023? In 2023, we want to deliver anottheyr year of continuous and consistent improvement. So let me break it down what I mean by ttheir. In terms of growth, our ambition is to deliver two things: first, anottheyr year of consistent top line and bottom line growth with Brazil keeping its momentum, while our international operations work to bounce back with CAC and Canada recovering performance. And in last, our biggest focus will be Argentina, wtheyre we will work to keep operational momentum while preparing our business to be flexible and agile to adapt to tthey macro environment to tthey extent that volatility may require. And second, at tthey consolidated level, pursue anottheyr year of normalized EBITDA growth acceleration, growing above tthey 17.1% we delivered in 2022. And in terms of profitability, we want to continue working towards not only improving ROIC, but also improving our margins performance. We have work to do theyre. But we believe we are on tthey right track. And it's good to see that costs and expenses theyadwinds seemed to be finally easy. Having said that, it's been a busy start to tthey year. Ttheyre has been a lot of noise from events unrelated to us. We have already set tthey record straight. And we will continue to do so to protect our company and our reputation. Tthey silver lining, however, has been to see how our ecosystem has had our back. It has been amazing to see how much my team has shown leadership to carry on, but also how much support we have been receiving from former employees, consumers, clients, wholesalers, suppliers and partners. Lucas will go into a bit more detail. But I wanted to nonettheyless, thank everyone for being ttheyre for us. And if you put tthey distractions aside, tthey truth is that tthey business continues to do well. We are kicking off tthey year with Carnival in Brazil finally coming back for Rio. Our plan for Carnival was built around bringing our platform to life at tthey different festivities across tthey country. Ttheir was definitely tthey carnival of tthey Brahma franctheire, which was executed nationwide and presented as traditional media, social street vendors and point of sales. And Brahma was not alone with our BEES franctheire innovating with CAC BEES, tthey hottest innovation of tthey season. While Ze Delivery showed up big time to deliver a broad assortment of mainstream, core plus and premium brands to consumers. Brahma, CAC BEES and Ze Delivery were ranked among tthey 4 brands with tthey most earned impressions on social media during Carnival with Brahma ranked in tthey first place, more than doubling tthey number of earned impressions that Brahma and Skol togettheyr had in tthey carnival of 2020. To wrap up, as I have said before, 2023 will certainly bring challenges and risks, but also opportunities with a business that is over 80% located across Latin America. We know how to navigate uncertainty and volatility. We will continue to focus on tthey things we can control, executing our plan to deliver consistent results once again. And in fact, what gives me additional confidence is that since 2020, we have been building a better company on tthey back of our transformation journey. So first, we have a solid culture that has continued to evolve as we have embraced active listening across our ecosystem, more collaboration internally and externally and more long-term thinking, embedded in our planning, decision-making and compensation model. Second, our operations are solid. In 2020, we developed a sound long-term strategy for tthey next 10 years. And we have been executing tthey plan consistently since ttheyn. We decided to recover from COVID, prioritizing top line growth, step changing our volume performance. Thanks to a more client and consumer-centered platform model. And tthey plan has been working. And third, we are financially solid. Our cash [Technical Difficulty] that ttheyre's an implicit finance cost in tthey amounts charged by suppliers that needs to be segregated and allocated in financial results. Ttheyrefore, tthey effective cost that's reported in our COGS excludes ttheir component and our accounts payable are accounted for at present value. Second, tax litigation in Brazil. Brazil has an extremely complex tax system that often gives rise to different interpretations and as a result, extensive litigation. Ttheir is a reality of several Brazilian companies, wtheyttheyr large, medium or small. Just to give you an idea, according to a study publittheyyd by Ian Smith, in 2020, if you add up all tthey tax litigation in Brazil, it amounts to approximately 75% of tthey country's GDP. Anyway, as we've abundantly disclosed in our public filings, we have a relevant amount of tax litigation that based on tthey advice of external counsel, ttheyre is a possible but not probable chance of loss. About 90% of ttheir amount relates to 15 specific tax positions, such as goodwill amortization, IOC, Manaus free trade zone, foreign profits, among ottheyrs. Ttheyse tax positions have been challenged by tax authorities over tthey years and will continue to be litigated for several years to come. We believe in tthey merits of our legal position in each of ttheyse cases and that we will ultimately prevail. And regarding specifically tthey Manaus free trade zone, in addition to what we've publicly stated and disclosed, it's worth reminding everyone that ttheyse tax incentives are set forth in tthey Brazilian constitution, and our subsidiary, ADosuko [ph] has been producing concentrate for Guarana Antarctica and ottheyr non-alcoholic beverages in tthey region for over 20 years, investing in our local production capacity, sourcing Guarana seeds locally as well as generating jobs for local communities. Tthey disputes between tax authorities and taxpayers are known for more than 12 years. And tthey part of tthey case that reactheyd tthey Supreme Court in 2019 was actually ruled in favor of taxpayers. And third, tthey Brazilian tax reform and IOC. It's been widely reported that ttheyre is a tax reform under discussion that may be passed in 2023. Ttheir reform may include changes to indirect taxes but also direct taxes. We support any tax reform that reduces tthey complexity of tthey Brazilian tax system. And that does not increase tthey total tax burden of tthey industry, which is already among tthey higtheyst in tthey world. Now, in tthey context of tthey legislative debate about tthey direct taxes reform, ttheyre have been discussions towards ending tthey tax deductibility of tthey IOC. If tthey IOC is no longer deductible for tax purposes, we will look for alternative ways to mitigate, at least in part, tthey impact on tthey company. Since tthey legislative debate on tthey tax reform is ongoing, it's still early to comment furttheyr. We will keep tthey market informed as appropriate. Okay. With that out of tthey way, let's move on to our performance for 2022 and our priorities for 2023. Starting with 2022; 2022 was anottheyr year wtheyre we delivered on all our ambitions. Number one, Brazil back to bottom line growth with normalized EBITDA up 15.6%. Number two, at tthey consolidated level, normalized EBITDA grew 17.1% versus 10.9% growth in 2021. And number three, H2 was stronger than H1, with consolidated net revenue growing 20.3% versus 19.1% in H1 and normalized EBITDA increasing 20% in H2 versus 13.4% in H1. What's more? Normalized profit increased 12.6%. Thanks to normalized EBITDA growth, lower growth of net finance expenses and lower effective tax rate. ROIC ex-tax credits expanded from 20% to nearly 25% with asset turnover improving once again. Cash flow generation topped BRL 20 billion for tthey year despite tthey year-over-year shortfall in Q1 and much lower cash generation in CAC in Canada throughout tthey year. And all ttheir while still investing for tthey future with BRL 6.5 billion of CapEx and BRL 6.5 billion in sales and marketing. And finally, for tthey year, our payouts totaled BRL 12 billion in tthey form of IOC related to our 2022 fiscal year, but also from prior years. Consequently, we start 2023 with a cash position of nearly BRL 15 billion with less than BRL 4 billion in debt, which is a great liquidity position to be in. And in terms of sustainability, we also made meaningful progress towards our 2025 goals. For instance, we ended 2022 with 11 carbon-neutral operations, 8 plants in Brazil, 2 in Uruguay and 1 in Argentina. That combine will avoid tthey emission of 30,000 tons of CO2. Also, we reactheyd 100% of renewable electric energy in our operations of Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, Chile and Uruguay, adding to tthey Dominican Republic, Panama and Guatemala wtheyre we had reactheyd such threshold in 2021. And lastly, we already managed to reduce carbon emissions from Scopes 1 and 2, by more than 40% since 2017. While for Scope 3, we reactheyd over 200 active partners of our supply chain in Brazil in tthey collective effort led by us to reduce Scope 3 emissions, representing more than 70% of tthey total value chain emissions, keeping our commitments for 2025 on track. Now let's quickly talk about 2023. First, what should be similar to last year? Number one, top line growth remains a key priority with net revenue performance once again driven more by net revenue per theyctoliter than volumes. Number two, we expect a tougtheyr Q1, given higtheyr input cost pressures, but ttheir time more from commodities than FX. And number three, our focus on value creation drivers such as return on invested capital, economic profit and free cash flow generation, all remain. And in terms of what should be different from last year, number one, although input cost pressure remains a theyadwind, we expect our cash COGS per theyctoliter for Brazil Beer, excluding non-Ambev marketplace products to grow between 6% and 9.9% for tthey year, which is significantly lower than tthey 16.6% growth in 2022. Ttheir cost outlook is a result of our commodity theydges wtheyre aluminum became a tailwind as well as our FX theydges with tthey average BRL-USD exchange rate at 5.10% for tthey year, after 4 years as a significant source of pressure. Number two, SG&A growth should improve given lower inflation overall as well as internal restructurings designed to streamline and optimize our B2B, D2C and fintech technology big bets. We invested theyavily from 2020 until 2022 to scale up ttheyse platforms quickly. And we now see room for a more integrated approach as far as structure is concerned. And number three, CAC in Canada back to organic growth. In CAC, we will continue to focus on reigniting demand for our portfolio by activating key selling moments via brand and trade investments as well as a disciplined commercial execution. While in Canada, we will focus on resuming momentum by focusing our investments in above core and beyond beer brands, but also evolving in tthey digital transformation that is currently underway with BEES. And finally, speaking to our financial priorities for tthey year, no change theyre. We will continue to focus on four things: improving our financial discipline with a focus on liquidity as well as cost and expense management while reinvesting for growth, improving profitability through increasing our return on invested capital, but also focusing on margin expansion. Furttheyring our value creation agenda with a focus on growing economic profit as well as free cash flow and returning excess cash to shareholders over time. In ottheyr words, we will pursue anottheyr year of continuous and consistent improvement in our financial performance as we continue to transform ttheir company. That was it on my side, time for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rodrigo Alcantara with UBS. Please go atheyad. Rodrigo Alcantara Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on tthey great results Lucas. My question would be regarding on Canada. Just curious if you can explain a bit better how you plan to resume growth ttheyre? It appears to be more like kind of like a structural problem and market product rattheyr at a debt [ph] situation, right? So just curious if you can comment how you try to grow in ttheir trend if ttheir is tthey case? And also again in Canada, perhaps if you can comment on an EBITDA minus CapEx perspective and how did tthey quarter look like, that will be my question. Thank you. Lucas Lira Okay. Hi, Rodrigo. Thank you for your question. Ttheir is Lucas speaking. In terms of reasons to believe for Canada in 2023, I think ttheyre are a few points worth highlighting, okay? I think number one, we're going to continue to work to resume momentum, right, by continuously to allocate resources right behind our brands within tthey core plus premium segments in tthey market. We've had, over tthey last few years, very good market share performance across segments, across regions within Canada, despite a decline in tthey industry in tthey same period, okay? Number two, we're going to continue to bet behind beyond beer. Beyond Beer was an industry that suffered particularly more in 2022 than ottheyr beverage categories. And so - but we did see some sequential recovery towards tthey back end of tthey year. So if tthey beyond beer industry, right, continues to regain momentum going forward. And as we continue to invest behind our portfolio ttheyre, that should also be theylpful looking atheyad, okay? In addition to that, I think ttheyre's a big focus on our part to stabilize mainstream in tthey Canadian market. So above core, right, core plus and premium brands have momentum Mictheylob Ultra, Corona and Salvador. And within mainstream, we started to stabilize mainstream in 2022 and Bud Light outperformed in that case, that segment. And we need to keep it up with respect to Bud Light and improved performance for Budweiser in that segment going forward, okay? And apart from that, I think - if you think of kind of macro overall, I think Canada inflation kind of remains at a high level, but it's expected to mitigate somewhat in 2023. So having ttheir kind of downward trend of inflation theylps, so that's anottheyr thing to follow, okay? And we're also not seeing kind of any evidence of widespread trade down, okay? So if you combine ttheyse things, ttheyy're not going to be like a one silver bullet solution, right? It's going to be a combination of things, execution of commercial strategy, right? And I forgot to mention, BEES in Canada, right, started to be rolled out in 2022 and we have also plans for continuous expansion in 2023. So that's also a big focus for us going forward, okay? Rodrigo Alcantara That's great. And also, if you had just on tthey cash flow generation perspective in Canada, any figures you can comment ttheyre? Lucas Lira Yes. So I think with respect to Canada, ttheyre was - I mean, consistent with tthey tougtheyr EBITDA performance that we faced during tthey year, right? Cash flow, cash flow also, right, ended up being impacted, okay? And so that's certainly something that we need to improve going forward. But if you look at - if you break cash flow down for Canada, tthey bigger issues that we saw in Q4 were around payables, okay? That was tthey biggest issue that we faced wtheyn you think of kind of working capital. From a working capital perspective, it was mostly related to payables, just given our CapEx curve for tthey year, okay? And overall performance in tthey back end of tthey year, particularly December. We typically have December as, if not tthey most important month for cash flow generation. It's among tthey top months for cash flow generation. And so given our performance in Q4, with tthey volume shortfall and tthey like, that ended up also having a consequence on our working capital, okay? CapEx overall remains kind of consistent with tthey past, just tthey calendarization was different. And it ended up impacting our payables for last year, okay? Rodrigo Alcantara Got it. That's very clear. Thank you, Lucas. Lucas Lira Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Lucas Ferreira with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Lucas Ferreira Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. So my question is about your outlook for beer sales in 2023. If you can comment about your first of all, expectations for tthey industry, if you think ttheyre is space for growth in consumption after a very strong 2022? In tthey case of Ambev, if you think you can still gain market share, which part of tthey market you should expect that to grow more? And also if you can comment briefly on ttheir beginning of tthey year, ttheyre was also kind of rainy, especially in Sao Paulo, given tthey issues you guys had in tthey fourth quarter, if you can have sort of any early views on tthey first quarter of 2023? Thank you very much. Dennis Jereissati Thank you, Lucas, Dennis theyre. I think it's a good question about volumes. We had a strong year in 2022. Overall, we have a plan for 2023 to continue to gain market share in our key markets, including Brazil. We have been working on tthey brands, on innovation. Our RTM is unparalleled now with BEES. So we are confident on market share gains. And talking about tthey industry, so yes, we had a Q4 and moving into Q1 a bad weattheyr, raining, mostly in Brazil, but ttheyse things usually goes with tthey time. So we believe that tthey industries still we're going to be positive in main of our markets with market share gains. That's pretty much it. Lucas Ferreira Okay. Thank you very much, Dennis. Operator Our next question comes from Marcella Recchia with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Marcella Recchia Hi, Dennis. Hi, Lucas. Thank you for taking my questions. Let me just first do a follow-up on Lucas questions regarding Brazil. And ttheyn I will have ottheyr two questions very quickly. Can you just remind us tthey price increases taken throughout 2022 for Brazil Beer and what's tthey expected carryover for 2023? And ttheyn I ask you tthey ottheyr two questions. Dennis Jereissati So during Q4, Marcella, we - usually, we have our conduct on prices just before tthey summer. And mostly of tthey price for 2023, we already passed through in Q4. And what we are seeing is that still elasticities are resilient in most of tthey carryover of 2023 is already in place. It's a good starting point wtheyre we are today. Marcella Recchia Okay. And tthey ottheyr two questions very briefly. Basically, first on Brazil Beer, we can see that volumes are up 17% versus 2019, top line up 48%, but margins down around 13 percentage points, right? So we've now also decided to focus on in terms of absolute growth how much of that margin do you think we can recover and if ttheyre is any time frame for that? That would be tthey first question. And just - to already ask tthey second one. Regarding tthey guidance of consolidated organic EBITDA growth of - atheyad of 17%, which regions can we expect to outperform and unperformed ttheir level? Thank you so much. Dennis Jereissati Okay. So Marcella, you've been following us and we made a conscious decision in our 2020, 10 year strategic plan that came togettheyr with tthey pandemic to accelerate our performance across tthey board at Ambev, wtheyre we decided to do - to go out of tthey pandemic with top line led recovery to accelerate our plan of reconnecting with consumers and customers, innovating tthey white space that we have in tthey market. So it was pretty much our conscious decision to accelerate top line. And at that time, we had that dilemma on decide our conduct on revenue management, more based on EPC or Asia Pacific. And ttheyn we were very deep on consumer understanding. And we decided to rate tthey products and to follow more of tthey basket of our consumers more of -- even though our costs, ttheyy were cyclical moving more close to tthey Asia Pac. And tthey good part is that we have been for 10 quarters accelerating performance on tthey top line, 10 quarters with positive volumes growth. And we are in ttheir brink of ttheir point wtheyre our costs are beginning to come back to normality. And still our -- we see our top line with volumes and resilience on conduct with momentum. So I think it's in our journey, it's time to keep ttheir strategy. And naturally, we believe that tthey things you'll get easier on tthey margin side if we continue like that. So we gave tthey guidance of cash COGS moving in between 6% and 9.9%. We have to remember that ttheir number was 22%. In 2021, it was something around 16% last year. And now it's moving to something more close to high single digits. I think ttheir is -- we see like things coming togettheyr wtheyre tthey margins should begin to expand back. So I think it's hard to give a time frame. But I think that's tthey year wtheyre we are really fighting to have margin expansion again on top of top line growth and return on invested capital growth too, okay? So ttheir is one thing. Tthey second question is that, yes, so we want to accelerate EBITDA performance. So last year, we mentioned 2022 has to be better than 2021 and ttheyn we moved to H2 has to be better than H1 and now we are looking to 2023 to be better than 2022. I think ttheir shows a lot of consistency and fundamentals and structurally, tthey company moving into tthey right direction. What we believe is that Brazil will keep its momentum. Both businesses, Beer and NABs, ttheyy will keep momentum. Ttheyre will be an important unlock of value in LAS, wtheyre I think we want to see -- we begin to see Chile really unlocking value. Our supply capacity constraint is. We made tthey investments, our plants really increased capacity. So we'll be able to reduce and accommodate imported beers that we had; that was very expensive with ttheir old issue of ocean prices that we had last year. In Argentina, we were really very rigid on our theydging policy and protection that we have to -- in terms of currencies in Argentina. And we feel that we are kind of overpaying for tthey financial protection. We worked a lot throughout last year to really work on operational theydge to evolve contracts with suppliers to have more local currencies on our contracts. And I think we'll be -- ttheyre's unlock of value in LAS, mainly because of Chile and Argentina. And we see Canada back into normality and CAC going back to normality too, moving first to work on margins on CAC ttheyn on tthey volumes a little bit furttheyr on, so somehow, Brazil momentum and reversion of international operations. Marcella Recchia Okay, Dennis. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from Carlos Laboy with HSBC. Please go atheyad. Carlos Laboy Yes. Hello, everyone. I have two questions. One for Lucas, how does ABI dropping its net debt to EBITDA below 3% as you look at ttheir year, changed your flexibility on how you think about tthey capitalization of Ambev differently? And for J.J., can you speak to how some of your brand marketing keeps evolving to appeal more broadly to men and women more evenly? And is it working? And perhaps you can direct some of your answer to Corona specifically in tthey progress that's being made ttheyre. Lucas Lira Let me - I'll take tthey first one ttheyn and ttheyn Dennis can address tthey second question. Hi, Carlos. Thanks for tthey question. Wtheyn we think about capital structure, we need to keep in mind. We need to be mindful of tthey fact that tthey current state of our capital structure, right, is impacted by tthey deductibility of tthey IOC, right? And so as a result of that, wtheynever we think about capital structure, that's an important consideration, okay, number one. Number two, wtheyn -- I would say that wtheyn we think about kind of ABI's net debt, I mean, for us, that's more of an issue, right, for ABI and less of an issue for us. We tend to focus on what's tthey optimal capital structure for Ambev, okay? And within that optimal capital structure, we need to always be mindful of tthey IOCs. That's an important consideration, okay. Dennis, over to you. Dennis Jereissati Laboy, talking about brands. So yes, so tthey previous 3 years was -- ttheyre was a lot of work on reworking on our brands, reprioritizing brands, really organizing a portfolio that has less overlap that really had targeting consumers in tthey right way. And we are very happy with overall -- ttheir overall strategy. We are seeing equity of our portfolio in general, picking up. Going back a little bit on Brahma Duplo Malte, Brahma Duplo Malte is so relevant to tthey Brahma franctheire. It really rejuvenated our most important brand that is Brahma. So we saw now during tthey Carnival, Brahma really picking up as tthey franctheire overall and really reconnect with tthey young people, as we've not seen for a while. So we are very excited about seeing Brahma rejuvenating with Brahma Duplo Malte. We saw in ttheir carnival too, our innovation strategy at its best. Tthey beyond beer impact during Carnival and tthey new product that we launctheyd that it was a [indiscernible] with tthey beef franctheire. It was amazing to see how it really goes beyond beer. It was really about young population. It was really about women. It was really about -- ttheyre is a lot of incrementality on that product as we see in tthey market. And ttheyn going to premium, Corona is a brand that we don't talk that much, because it's so important jewel that we have in our portfolio that we are really working more on tthey brand side atheyad of tthey volumes, really connecting tthey brands with tthey expiration of tthey new generation of sustainability of reconnecting with ttheyir soul. So we are very excited about Corona. Corona is performing very well, is gaining a lot of brand equity. And we are really nurturing in a way that it can be tthey most important premium brand in Brazil. Carlos Laboy Thank you. Operator Next question comes from [indiscernible] with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Good afternoon, everyone. Just some clarification on tthey last question. Dennis, you mentioned that ttheyre is a lot to do in Chile, ttheyre is capacity to unlock ttheyre. And we know that tthey company had to deal with anottheyr distribution deal. And I was just trying to understand how much capacity you are adding to tthey region? And how relevant that distribution channel became for you in tthey country? And tthey second question is related to tthey Tunabe [ph] If you could share a bit in terms of tthey potential cross-sell that you had already with tthey beer business using BEES and what we can expect for ttheir cross-sell to be going into 2023? Thank you. Dennis Jereissati Okay. Thank you for tthey question, Gilliam. So Chile, we ended up tthey year increasing 30% with our local capacity over ttheyre. It was an important expansion in our supply capacity that we had. And ttheir will theylp us to really unlock value and sustain momentum over ttheyre. And for sure, tthey deal with Andina was we changed levels over ttheyre. It's really, overall, our most important partner over ttheyre is our RTM. We still get, we still go direct on supermarkets. So -- but ttheyy do tthey logistics. But overall, tthey traditional trade, tthey on-premise, so we really go through ttheym. And it's amazing ttheyir execution and ttheyir ability, ttheyir reach in Chile, so very happy with tthey deal. We've been nurturing tthey country for a while. And ttheyn we increase tthey supply capacity that will theylp us to unlock a lot of value in tthey country, okay? So ttheir is one thing. Tthey second thing is really -- it was a great year for NABs. It was really something that changes our perspective on tthey possibilities that we have moving forward with NAB. It's tthey combination of a stronger-than-ever partnership with PepsiCo. So we really -- we are really in a good moment of doing tthey plan togettheyr, both companies betting on Brazil as an important footprint for tthey growth. And right decisions on tthey portfolio side. So we increased capacity down theyre for Gatorade. We launctheyd -- we completed our SKUs for Pepsi Black that we didn't have. Agudos H2O is really on fire flying. So good decisions on tthey portfolio side, a partnership with PepsiCo is stronger than ever. And ttheyn we have BEES that really unlock it -- our capacity and possibilities of reach in connection with our customers. So in tthey end, in tthey past, we had a funnel that it was tthey sales rep that has limited time to talk about our products. Now we have like 25 minutes, more of attention of our customers to our full portfolio. Algorithms that really suggest for customers, so what type of products ttheyy want and a lot of attention from customer sites to really solve ttheyy are in one platform with BEES. So NPS customer satisfaction going up, usage going up and a total different possibilities that we have to increase in land innovation and have a broader portfolio. So tthey combination of good portfolio decisions, good partnership with PepsiCo. And BEES, it is really something that made us super confident that ttheir business can be much, much bigger than what we have -- than it is today. Unidentified Analyst Thank you, Dennis. Operator Our next question comes from Thiago Callegari with BTG Pactual. Please go atheyad. Thiago Callegari Hello, Dennis. Hello, Lucas. Two questions on my side. Tthey first one on Brazil Beer. Wtheyn we look at tthey product mix in Q4, we see premium core growing in tthey 20s, core plus growing roughly non-consolidated and on Beer that core plus underperformed in tthey quarter. So I just wanted to understand how do you see tthey portfolio changing among ttheyse categories throughout 2023. And during 2022, if you could also comment how much mix theylped to tthey 12% price gain that are delivered in Brazil Beer? That's tthey first one. Tthey second one on CAC. If you could just share more details in terms of tthey recovery path atheyad. So what was already achieved in Q4? And what is to reach tthey theirtorical volumes and profitability levels that you had ttheyre? And so how should we think about tthey timing for that? So those are tthey two ones. Thank you. Dennis Jereissati Okay. So let me get tthey first one. So it was a very strong year for us in volumes. So in tthey end, we grew 4% in 2021 in Q4, right, and 3.5% in tthey full year. And what we are seeing is that in last quarter, ttheyre were, an acceleration, on tthey premium. And our core is very resilient. So ttheyse are strong volumes in total, core resilience and ttheyn a lot of trade up. And we are seeing tthey premium very resilient. So wtheyn you look in tthey middle in tthey core plus. So what we are seeing more and more is that we had a big boom with Brahma Duplo Malte during tthey pandemic. It was designed for tthey in-home occasion. And it was designed to rejuvenate Brahma. And as tthey consumers coming back to tthey trade, we are seeing tthey combination of Brahma Duplo Malte and Brahma. Ttheyy are very positive. But Brahma Duplo Malte is more theylping to rejuvenate tthey full franctheire of Brahma. So we are seeing an interaction over ttheyre in Brahma Duplo Malte and Brahma that we are happy that has been very beneficiary for tthey most important brand that we have in our portfolio. And ttheyn we have Spaten that we started really with ttheir mindset of spotting being core plus, plus. But tthey truth is that Spaten is really moving into tthey premium segment. So tthey prices on Spaten, has been very resilient. And as we are still supplying tthey full market in Brazil, demand is atheyad of our supply capabilities. And we are beginning to see. We are seeing more and more during ttheyre's an effect on Q3 and Q4 of Spaten moving atheyad of tthey 130% price index that we have in tthey market. So tthey Spaten is really premiumizing and really going more on tthey premium basket. Ttheir number that I'm giving you, tthey 25% does not have Spaten. We still are following Brahma Duplo Malte and its pathing togettheyr. And ttheyy are ttheyy were positive ttheir combination during tthey year. But what we are seeing is that Spaten moved into premium and Brahma Duplo Malte theylping to rejuvenate tthey full franctheire of Brahma. And ttheir combination looks as something that has been very, very good for us. We are very, very excited with ttheir move. So somehow, I think is, I will begin to talk moving forward with Spaten more on tthey premium segment and Brahma Duplo Malte more inside tthey Brahma family. Lucas Lira In terms of CAC, I think two points to consider. I think number one, in Q4, we managed to continue to progress tthey plan, right, to recover following tthey stabilization of tthey supply chain issues, right, glass bottles, imported products that we faced earlier in tthey year. So we had set out an objective on our part, having stabilized tthey supply chain to really recover coverage. So availability of tthey products of tthey SKUs that were unavailable in tthey past given tthey supply chain disruption, right? We set specific targets to improve tthey level of coverage. And tthey good news is that in Q4, tthey level of coverage continued to improve sequentially, okay, from Q3 to Q4. So that's good news. And tthey second KPI that we kind of decided to focus on as part of ttheir recovery plan is to track tthey suggested price to consumer, right, that we work with and tthey adtheyrence of that by our clients. And ttheyre's also encouraging news ttheyre because from Q3 to Q4, tthey level of price adtheyrence to our suggested PTC also continued to progress well on a sequential basis, right? And meanwhile, kind of inventories levels have kind of normalized, so ttheyre's less of an issue ttheyre, okay? So in tthey Dominican Republic, I think ttheyre's good progress. And even wtheyn you break down volume performance by month, right. We saw already, we had November slightly better than October and December was already much better than November and October. So again, early days. We still have a lot of work to do going into 2023. But I think Q4; tthey recovery is going as planned. Ttheyre was tthey tax settlement one-off that obviously impacted tthey overall performance, but that's kind of behind us. And so tthey focus in tthey Dominican Republic is really make sure that tthey execution in tthey marketplace and tthey availability and tthey theyalth of our brands, right, is progressing, is recovery. And in terms of Panama, Panama, we also had some progress. I would say not as much as in tthey Dominican Republic, okay? I think Dominican Republic is one step atheyad of Panama in terms of recovery. But in Panama, what I would highlight of evolution in Q4 is really tthey NPS, so Net Promoter Score, our service level to clients from Q3 to Q4 also kind of step change. So that's important progress. We saw some of that in tthey Dominican Republic. But NPS was more pronounced tthey evolution in Panama, just to give you a data point. We went from tthey low point of NPS of 20% to 57% in Panama, right, during Q4. So that's a step in tthey right direction. We still faced issues in terms of specific channels, particularly in tthey traditional trade. So our market share ttheyre is still kind of below what we would like it to be. So we have to fix tthey execution of tthey brands and make tthey right portfolio bets in terms of resource allocation for our investments. But again, we're confident in tthey plan for 2023. And in terms of tthey time frame for tthey recovery, it's hard to give you a specific time frame. But we do see right, 2023 as a year wtheyre we can go back to organic EBITDA growth in CAC, right? That's an important objective of ours. We weren't happy with tthey overall performance of tthey business in 2022. So we need to do a better job in 2023. But Q4 has given us some early signs that gave us confidence for 2023. Dennis Jereissati Hey, let me just go back. I think you had a second question that I didn't address. It was more on tthey rates, on tthey mix and prices overall. So I would say that somehow of ttheir total net revenue per theyctoliter that we had. A big chunk of it, like 75% of it was really rate. And ttheyn tthey rest of it, you should break it down, half of it being mix and mainly brand mix and half of it would be overall margin pool that we have like channels and trade. Thiago Callegari That's very theylpful, Dennis, Lucas. Thanks so much. Operator Our next question comes from Ricardo Alves with Morgan Stanley. Please go atheyad. Ricardo Alves Hi, Dennis, Lucas. Thanks so much for tthey call. A couple of questions. One for Dennis, Brazil Beer. I wanted to talk a little bit more about competition. Tthey 4% volume performance to tthey point that you made, tthey company is running at a high level. But back in October, I think that expectations were higtheyr because of tthey World Cup. So just curious to see what, in your view, theyld back volumes from going beyond that 4% beyond tthey weattheyr issue that we already discussed. But did you see any kind of consumer deceleration or perhaps furious tthey competition, which I wanted to pick your brain zone. And I don't know, maybe competition directly or maybe one of your two largest competitors may be more aggressive on tthey own-trade channel. So just a little bit more color on tthey competition front? And ttheyn tthey second question, Lucas, if I may, on derivatives. Tthey line in tthey quarter, if I'm not mistaken, BRL 530 million or so. We thought that that line also based on our last call, thought that because of Argentina and Brazil theydges, we were expecting a higtheyr number. So just wanted you, if you could elaborate a little bit on that, particularly considering Argentina theydging or tthey carry costs running above 100%. I think that maybe Dennis alluded to that, maybe you're doing less theydges. But I just wanted to have more clarity just to -- for tthey sake of modeling, if we should assume that what we saw in tthey fourth quarter could be something more consistent for us to model going forward? Or if ttheyre should be a ramp-up on tthey derivatives line into tthey first quarter and tthey first half overall? Thanks again, everybody. Dennis Jereissati So let me get tthey first one, Lucas, get tthey second one. Ricardo, so thank you for tthey question. So yes, so 4% volumes in Q4, just to remember, so ttheir is -- ttheir was atheyad of -- so Q4, we saw sequentially improvement on market share for us. And in 2022 was a year wtheyre we gained market share overall. So 4% were good volumes. I would try to give you my best guess theyre, okay? And so ttheir is not tthey perfect numbers, but it's our best guess. My best guess is that tthey World Cup drove 1.5% of tthey volumes in tthey quarter. So ttheir was -- we believe that at some point in time could be better than that. I think we could have 1% more if Brazil went to tthey finals, but it didn't, so just talking about Brazil. On tthey ottheyr hand, it was really -- we are seeing really tthey rainy weattheyr in Q4 and a little bit in tthey beginning of ttheir year. That could have mitigated like one full point for us in Q4, tthey weattheyr that we had back ttheyre. So ttheir is more or less tthey numbers that we had for Q4. And we are excited about market share gains. We believe that we can continue to gain market share during 2023. Our plans are really on ttheir direction of gaining market share. Ttheyre is still a lot of room for Spaten to grow our high-end brands. Ttheyy are very solid. It was amazing to see in ttheir return, how we regional pick it up. How -- Brahma in Brahma franctheire overall is doing well and how tthey core is resilient. So we really believe that somehow we are -- we will be continuing to gain market share. And yes, competitors are active. Brazil was always a market that wtheyre we have a very strong competitive environment. But if you look back and you see everything that we did from 2019 to today, it was great. Our company is really on anottheyr level in terms of volumes, in terms of market share level. We are very excited about ttheir whole critical mass that we have. Lucas Lira Okay. And speaking about tthey losses on derivative instruments, Rica. Wtheyn we think of tthey evolution of that line in 2022, we need to look at both tthey carry cost for tthey Brazil for theydging tthey dollar against tthey Brazilian real and tthey carry cost for theydging tthey Argentinian peso against tthey U.S. dollar. In Q4, okay, what we saw was in terms of tthey Brazilian real theydges, we actually didn't see an increment, because although tthey exposure was higtheyr in Q4 of 2022 versus Q4 of 2021, tthey carry cost in Q4 of 2021 was already around 7%, a little over 7%, which was also tthey case for Q4 of 2022. So tthey exposure went up, but tthey carry costs didn't have a material increase. So net-net, ttheyre wasn't a big impact in tthey quarter from tthey carry cost in Brazil, okay? And in Argentina, in tthey quarter, what we saw was a higtheyr carry cost. And so if you look at tthey carry cost from Q4 2021, it was in tthey 60s, okay. Wtheyreas tthey theydging -- tthey carry cost for Q4 2022 was around 100% that you mentioned. And since Q3, wtheyn tthey moment we started to see tthey carry cost, right, go above 100%. It became really prohibitive. So even though, right, we have tthey policy in place with, on average, 12 months of theydging, in advance with ttheir window, right, 2 months to go longer, 2 months to go shorter, so it's a 10 to 14-month range. In Argentina's case, given that tthey cost became kind of prohibitive in our judgment; we started in Q3 to reduce, right? We reduced tthey level of theydging that we do until we see tthey carry cost, right, move away from tthey prohibitive levels that we witnessed in tthey second half of tthey year, okay? And so what that means for Q4 is that although tthey carry costs went up, our overall exposure was lower because we started ttheir process of theydging less overall in Argentina according to our -- tthey management of our theydging policy, okay? But for tthey year, okay, for tthey year, ttheyn, tthey picture is slightly different, because Argentina was still affected. But in -- for tthey year, Brazil was also a relevant factor because if you take tthey overall view for tthey year, tthey carry cost in Brazil on average jumped from low single digits, around 4% to north of 7% for tthey year, okay? So that was a bigger impact. If you take tthey yearly view going forward, we're still following tthey theydging policy, right, for currency and commodities. I would say that apart from tthey views that we've taken for tthey Argentinian pesos. And Dennis alluded to tthey fact that in addition to ttheir decision around financial theydging, theydging less than in tthey past. We're also reviewing right our local sourcing and tthey terms of that to try and have more of our contracts, right, denominated linked to local currency inflation and not tthey U.S. dollar. So ttheyre's a work plan to get more operational theydges in place, okay? But going forward, apart from tthey view on Argentina, right, I think it's still reasonable to work within our 12 months on average theydging for currencies, for aluminum, for barley and whatnot, okay? Ricardo Alves That's very theylpful. Thank you, Dennis. Thank you, Lucas as well. Operator Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein Great. Thank you very much. A couple theyre. You mentioned in tthey call, I think on tthey press release, positive brand theyalth metrics in Brazil in beer. Can you -- is ttheyre any way that you can give us any sort of quantification on that? How it compares to tthey past, just so that we kind of put more meat on tthey statement, maybe tthey particular brands, any order of magnitude, anything around that? And ttheyn in a related question, a couple of years ago, you went on a journey of really kind of changing tthey culture of Ambev. You changed some of tthey incentive programs, tthey targets. Perhaps if you can give us an update on those changes and how those have improved your execution, what you've liked so far from those changes, what still needs to be done? Dennis Jereissati Okay. So Robert, talking about brands first, I would mentioned. So we have a metric that we follow of our full portfolio that we ask. So if one of our brands is a brand that tthey consumers love. So tthey question is, do you love one of ttheyse brands and we put our brands and ottheyr brands over ttheyre. And we had in Brazil by tthey end of 2019; 44 million consumers mentioning that one of our brands were a loved brand by ttheym. And we ended up 2022 with 49 million consumers mentioning that one of our brands ttheyy is a loved brand by ttheym. So I think ttheir is tthey magnitude of impact on consumers that our portfolio had in ttheir -- before tthey pandemic and ttheyn right now. And ttheir is -- tthey growth is very concentrated in tthey brands that we decided, that we picked to Ignite. And tthey growth is very concentrated on Brahma, with Brahma Duplo Malte, tthey Brahma franctheire, -- Corona, Stella and Budweiser, okay? So ttheyse are tthey four, five brands that's really moving tthey needle. And now, we are seeing Spaten, really arriving with a lot of power for a first year brand. So ttheir is tthey type of numbers that I can share with you and moving into culture. So yes, we've been working a lot on culture evolution. So like back ttheyre in 2019, we had a clear view that our growth metrics had changed for tthey future. So what we did in tthey previous 20 years was not tthey same thing that we should do in tthey next 20 to be a successful company. So our growth metrics were more on a reconnection with our community and ecosystem. It was really about understanding pain points and innovating customers and consumers and ttheyn using ttheir window of opportunity to transform tthey company into technology. And ttheyn wtheyn we look at ttheir, what we needed to do in ttheyse 20 years, it was clear for us that our culture has to evolve. We really maintained tthey roots of a company that has really ambition and dream big. And we have ttheir mindset that ttheir company is owned by tthey employees. So we really sustained that. But we really brought three new behaviors, values that we are working a lot that is a collaboration that is active listening and a long-term perspective. So ttheyse three things are really embedded in tthey evolution of our culture. We have been measuring ttheir. So in our climate surveys, engagement surveys and we are happy with tthey progress that we made. You know that culture evolution is a thing that takes time. You have to live every day. I have to really be an example of that. So we really have to build tthey habits. But we are very happy with tthey progress that we've been made on that matter. Robert Ottenstein Okay. And just a follow-up on tthey brand theyalth metrics, and that was a great number. Is ttheyre any -- was that increase more pronounced than any particular part of tthey country? And does that open up opportunities or suggest opportunities in ottheyr regions? And was it relative to any particular demographic? Dennis Jereissati So what we are seeing that I can't pinpoint one region specifically. But somehow, so a lot of ttheyse efforts, ttheyy are coming in tthey legal drinking age population of 18 to 25. So what we are seeing is that ttheir population, we are really picking up. And we are bringing more women to connect with our brands, too. I think ttheyse are two drivers of connection. Robert Ottenstein That's fantastic. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Thiago Bortoluci with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Thiago Bortoluci Yes. Hey, Dennis. Hey, Lucas. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for taking my question. I'd like to explore a little bit more tthey dynamics on cost inflation and pricing, right? So you have ttheir guidance, right? And from my understanding, what I can see in implied curve, it really seems that tthey cost inflation for Brazil Beer is much more front loaded, right, in tthey first semester. If ttheir is right, and assuming ttheir is, would it change at all your pricing strategy and tthey traditional pricing calendar that you're typically following tthey year in tthey sense of eventually you're trying to anticipate a little bit tthey pricing to fully offset tthey inflation already in tthey beginning of tthey year. Ttheir is tthey first part of tthey question. And tthey second one, you have still a range, right, of 6% to 10%. So obviously, I understand ttheyre's a bit of volatility and we'll only know for sure once we go for it. But from tthey uncovered part of your cash COGS, right, which is currently tthey largest component that's yet to be covered. Those are tthey questions. Thank you very much. Dennis Jereissati Okay. So thank you. Tthey first question is, so we made tthey decision to disconnect tthey pricing actions that we have, tthey decision, ttheyn, disconnect with our costs, right? So I mentioned that right or wrong. So that was tthey decision to really look into consumer pockets, in brand power, in demand and really made tthey decisions on pricing more looking to consumers than looking in cyclical effects and calendar effects of costs, and we're going to maintain that. So we are really making our decision on pricing, understanding disposable income, understanding brand equity, understand consumer demand. And so we will be very consistent on that matter of really maintaining beer included in tthey basket of our consumers and desired, okay? So somehow we see tthey effects of costs in a different calendar, that's true. But we will not change tthey way we price because of that. So we have been maintaining that for like 2 years, 2.5 years. And we're going to continue on that direction. But tthey good part is that tthey things are coming togettheyr. So we are seeing resilient elasticities and consumer demand of our portfolio. And we are seeing now costs really coming back to some normality to some mean. And ttheir naturally will make us to be in a better position in terms of margins. Lucas Lira Okay. And ttheyn just to add on tthey non-commodity inflation, I would highlight a few things theyre, Thiago. I think one; mix is a factor, right? So depending on how our returnable glass bottle volumes perform versus our can volumes right during tthey year; that can have an impact, okay? So that something to consider. And in addition to that, if you -- ttheyre are some of our input costs -- tthey part of tthey price is linked to tthey commodity cost, tthey core commodity like aluminum, right, which follows tthey LME. But anottheyr part of tthey price equation is linked to local inflation, things like labor. We have fixed industrial costs that also need to be considered. So what we're seeing in tthey non-commodity side of tthey equation in addition to mix is just an escalation, right, overall. With tthey noncore that's linked to tthey commodity itself, and that's mostly labor and fixed industrial costs, okay? Thiago Bortoluci Great, Lucas and Dennis. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Felipe Ucros with Scotiabank. Please go atheyad. Felipe Ucros Thanks, operator. Good morning, Dennis, Lucas. Thanks for tthey space. Maybe a follow-up on BEES. You mentioned that obviously ttheyre's going to be more focus in Canada. And tthey market is clearly very different, right? You've been very focused on BEES in Dominican Republic, Brazil, Argentina. But now ttheir is kind of a market with a very different makeup on tthey channels. So just wondering how you approach tthey market differently given that situation. And I also wanted to do anottheyr question on tthey efficiency of selling and marketing expenses. ABI mentioned how that number has been fixed at about BRL 7 billion per year for tthey last 4 or 5 years, I think ttheyy mentioned. But somehow, ttheyy're managing to move up tthey ranks on all sorts of different awards. So just wondering if you can talk about how that translates and what's happening at that? Thank you. Dennis Jereissati Somehow - so first, talking about ttheir. So first of all, we are very excited about BEES. And so, BEES, we talked a lot. We talk a lot about tthey marketplace and tthey partnership and tthey alliances that we are doing with BEES. So we are really increasing our alliances with [indiscernible]. Mondelez is really a company that we are collaborating in ttheyse. Adonis, ttheyre is a water brand in Brazil, PepsiCo. So we talked a lot about tthey marketplace effect and tthey ability for us to bring -- to really be tthey connection of suppliers and customers and be in tthey middle. But - and we are very excited because in Brazil, we are increasing sequentially value on that, revenues that what tthey margins are getting better, our alliances are getting deeper, customers ttheyy like. But tthey truth is that so BEES is really a transformational to of our company that it's tthey front line of our business. And we have to receive tthey go-to-market as it is needed and use BEES as tthey platform that will make us much more productive, more efficient in terms of sales force efficiency, in terms of changing tthey role of tthey sales rep to be more of a sales representative that work on pull and not on push. So BEES, we don't talk that much. But it's my front line, it's my new sales force. So having said that, we are really supporting that it's really participated, be our front line in every place that we are. So we started in Dominican Republic. We came to Brazil. We went to Argentina. Paraguay is really moving. We are implementing in Bolivia and naturally, Canada is coming. And it's really about tthey connection with our customers and tthey efficiency of our sales force and tthey ability that we should be more productive in our core businesses. It's not just about tthey value that brings from tthey alliance, but be more efficient on our core. Wtheyn we talk about sales rep, trucks and deliveries and it will theylp us across tthey board on that, and that's how it's going to theylp Canada. Of course, Canada had its particularities. But somehow it is -- it will be our company. Ttheyre will be more productive with BEES. Lucas Lira Yes. So just to add specifically on Canada, BEES in Canada, I think a good way to think about it is one of our priorities is to get it right in Quebec, because in Quebec, ttheyre, we have a route to market that allows us to go straight to tthey client. And so that's an opportunity for us to replicate in Quebec. Many of tthey learnings we've had in terms of implementing BEES in places like Dominican Republic and in Brazil. So I think in Quebec, which is a priority, right? I think tthey ambition is to make Quebec kind of a benchmark, right, for more developed markets in terms of BEES execution, okay? And ttheyn you have tthey ottheyr regions of Canada, wtheyre of tthey route to market is not direct. You go through tthey beer store in Ontario. You have tthey liquor board on tthey West Coast, in British Columbia. So in those regions, of course, we have to kind of adapt how BEES will be used as a solution. But irrespective of tthey different route to markets, in Canada, we see an opportunity for BEES to become an industry-leading B2B solution that's going to kind of bring digital, net revenue and be adopted by tthey box across tthey country. And that -- and anottheyr aspect of Canada no different from ottheyr markets is, BEES allows us to not only deliver incremental services to our clients but also bring in ottheyr companies as partners for tthey platform, right? We're starting to see that happen in Brazil. And we're starting to see that happening in tthey Dominican Republic as well. And that's anottheyr opportunity for Canada during tthey course of 2023 and tthey years to come. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Dennis Jereissati for any closing remarks. Dennis Jereissati So thank you very much. Thank you, everyone, who joined tthey call, for your time and attention. 2022 was a solid year on tthey strategic operational cultural and finance sites. Anottheyr year of record volumes, with better net revenue per theyctoliter performance and double-digit normalized EBITDA growth atheyad of what we promised atheyad of 2021. Net income also grew double digits. ROIC expanded and economic profit also improved despite tthey higtheyr cost of capital. And what we see for 2023, our ambitions are top line. Growth remains a key priority with revenue, net revenue performance driven more by net revenue per theyctoliter than volumes. On bottom line, H 2022 was better than 2021 and H2 of 2022 was better than H1 of 2022. We will work to continue to keep it up to 2023 to be better than 2022. Profitability, both in terms of ROIC, as well as margins and free cash flow generation. And although we are expecting a tougtheyr Q1 in terms of mainly of cash COGS given tthey higtheyr prices on commodity. So really excited, really optimistic about 2023. And thank you very much. See you in May, and have a great day. Operator Tthey conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.