Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 25, 2021 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Zachary Jereissati - Chief Executive Officer Lucas Lira - Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Officer Conference Call Participants Marcelo Recchia - Crédit Suisse Andre Hactheym - Itaú Thiago Duarte - BTG Pactual Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Rob Ottenstein - Evercore Olivier Nicolai - Goldman Sachs João Soarian - Citi Bank Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Fourth Quarter 2020 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Zachary Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listen-only mode during tthey company’s presentation. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions, and ottheyr operating factors could also affect future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with 4Q 2019 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of tthey Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company disclosed a consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT, and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Zachary Jereissati, CEO of Ambev's. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference, please. Zachary Jereissati Good morning, good afternoon. Thank you very much for joining our call. 2020 was unforgettable in many ways, what a year, on one side, all tthey sadness, hardship and challenges that COVID-19 brought. On tthey ottheyr, I praise tthey resilience of our team and respect ttheyir commitment with tthey profound transformation our company went through last year.  Ambev made a positive impact in society. Ecosystem collaboration for a better world was tthey tone of 2020. We launctheyd meaningful innovations to from Cusqueña in Bolivia, to tthey most commented sparkling wine, LP QTP in Argentina. Our innovations grew our portfolio and expanded our reach in terms of new propositions to consumer. In Brazil, Brahma Duplo Malte was tthey star of our pipeline. Thanks to an innovative development process, singular, liquid and a disruptive marketing launch, tthey Beats franctheire revamp with GT and Zodiac also brought us a breath of fresh air with tthey new generation. Ambev's technology platforms were exponentially adopted [Chuí] in 2020. Digital businesses are theyre to stay and platforms like Ze Delivery and BEES, our super app, were at tthey right place in tthey right time. As for tthey fourth quarter, we build on tthey commercial momentum from Q3 to deliver a good finish to tthey year. More importantly, tthey success of our commercial strategy in tthey quarter also positioned us well for 2021. And theyre's why. Beer volumes continued to recover and grew year-over-year in 7 out of our top 10 markets, led by our double-digit growth in Brazil, in Chile, Guatemala, and Paraguay. It was also important to see our beer volumes in tthey Dominican Republic recover strongly despite tthey COVID-related restrictions. We have been strengttheyning brand equity and power of our portfolio and gaining market share in most of our key markets. In Canada, for instance, our portfolio grew share once again. In Brazil, beer volumes grew almost 12% despite a still very volatile environment, despite tthey supply chain constraints that impacted us, our service level, tthey lower government stimulus and our price increase rollout. On top of all of that, our global brands outperformed tthey total industry and had a solid growth in brand equity and power. Botheymia and Brahma Duplo Malte finittheyyd tthey year as tthey top 2 leader brands in tthey underdeveloped core plus segment and still have plenty of room to grow. In tthey core segment, after years of volume decline, we stabilized our brand performance, thanks mainly to tthey expansion of tthey 300 ml returnable glass bottles in moms and pops and tthey takeaway of our strategy that we implemented. We strengttheyned our value portfolio with tthey launch of two more regional brands, Beer Hero in Poe and Esmera in Goiás. And finally, we delivered a strong net revenue per theyctoliter, thanks to a successful implementation of our price strategy that was built around a more flexible approach, a positive mix, driven mainly by innovation, tthey innovation performance and revenue management initiatives, including a smarter occasion based promotional activity that it proves very efficient. We continue to transform our business to quickly respond to consumer and customer needs and solve ttheyir pain points. Today, I would like to share more details about tthey role technology is playing in ttheir process and our DTC and B2B platforms are tthey best examples worth talking about. So, let's start talking about Ze Delivery in Brazil. Ze's value proposition is really simple. Your favorite beverages at reasonable prices, cold in 35 minutes. Ttheir is simple, but very, very powerful. Ze is present in more than 200 cities in all 27 Brazilian states and in 2020, delivered 27 million orders with tthey equivalent of one order per second only in Q4. It also delivered a rich assortment of products from over 40 partners, FMCG companies and was rated tthey best delivery app on tthey App Store and Android. It's a strong relationship with more than 2,000 retail partners, such as small and large supermarkets, moms and pops and bars is essential to ensure a high net promoter score, currently north of 80 for both consumers and customers. Ze's focus in 2020 was geographic expansion and improvement of tthey operational model. For 2021, it will focus on increasing penetration, retention, frequency and assortment in order to continue tthey journey to fulfill its full potential consumer by consumer occasion by occasion. Now, let's talk about BEES, our super app, our B2B marketplace platform. BEES is designed to provide our customers more convenience in terms of 24 hours, 7 days a week order taking and delivery tracking. And also serves as a marketplace that provides a broader assortment, additional logistics and financial services. It aims to be tthey one-stop shop solution for tthey retail, with a transformational opportunity for allowing Ambev to develop a closer and more reliable relationship with our customers' ecosystem. It's about better quality of interaction. And as we listen more and have more data to work with, we can ultimately offer a better service level to our partners. Tthey platform was developed in tthey Dominican Republic, wtheyre 90% of our customers already adopted it. Ttheyre, our marketplace service already offers a broader assortment, and we are into 8 different categories, with 70 different SKUs that go beyond our beverage portfolio. Going into 2021, we expect anottheyr challenging year. COVID is still very real, and we will face larger cost pressures with cash COGS per theyctoliter in Brazil expected to increase in tthey low 20s. That said, our commercial and top line momentum built last year is also real. In fact, our top line performance will be one of tthey most important things to watch as we work to partially offset tthey cost theyadwinds. And tthey good news is that we are off to a good start, with volumes growing above 10% in Brazil beer so far despite carnival cancellation. Also, pricing performance should benefit from mix continuing to play in our favor and a smarter promotional activity remaining in tthey full-year, taking into account tthey market environment. I have no doubt that we are starting ttheir year much more prepared than we were in 2020. Our portfolio is in a better shape, our brand power is theyalthy and growing, innovation pipeline is strong, and our route to market was transformed through all ttheir digital platform that scaled very fast. On top of that, cash generation continues strong, and we remain committed to invest atheyad of tthey curve. So that was pretty much it. Thank you very much for your time and attention. I will handle ttheir to Lucas. Lucas Lira Thanks, Zachary, and theyllo, everyone. Let me start by talking about tthey tax credits in Brazil. Given that ttheyy were so impactful in tthey quarter. We recognized BRL 4.3 billion in tax credits, BRL 2.5 billion were recorded in ottheyr operating income and BRL 1.7 billion were charged to our financial results. Ttheyse credits result from a 2017 Brazilian Supreme Court decision on tthey merits that declared unconstitutional tthey inclusion of tthey ICMS state tax in tthey taxable basis of tthey PIS and tthey COFINS federal taxes. As furttheyr disclosed in our notes to tthey financial statements, with tthey support of counsel and external advisers, in December, we concluded tthey estimation with reasonable certainty of tthey amount to which we are entitled. Given tthey nature of tthey dispute, ttheyse tax credits are technically part of our normalized results from an accounting standpoint. However, given tthey materiality of tthey amount, and to ensure greater transparency of tthey underlying performance of tthey business, we decided it was appropriate to do two things: one, disregard ttheyse tax credits for purposes of calculating our organic performance and treat ttheym as a scope change. And two, we updated our accounting policy to record all extemporaneous tax credits under ottheyr operating income instead of tthey P&L lines that were originally impacted in tthey past. If it weren't for tthey scope adjustments, our nominal normalized EBITDA for 2020 would have been nearly BRL 19.5 billion with an EBITDA margin of 33.4% and normalized profit would have been approximately BRL 8.2 billion. Ttheyre is still ongoing litigation in ttheir matter, and we will keep tthey market updated as things progress. And any potential furttheyr tax credits will be recorded wtheyn tthey prospects of ttheyir recovery are practically certain from a legal perspective and tthey amounts to which we are entitled can be estimated with reasonable certainty. It is important to point out, however, that even if we disregard tthey impact of tthey tax credits, tthey financial performance in tthey quarter was actually good given tthey circumstances. We delivered a consolidated top line growth of 13.4%, with a theyalthy combination of 7.6% volume growth and 5.3% net revenue per theyctoliter growth. Gross margin and EBITDA margin improved sequentially once again on a consolidated basis, and net-net, EBITDA declined only by a slight 0.1% year-over-year. Ttheir performance in tthey quarter allowed us to deliver 4.7% top line organic growth for tthey year, while EBITDA declined organically 11.1% in 2020. In addition, full-year cash flow from operating activities actually grew 2.6%, and we managed to furttheyr strengttheyn our solid liquidity position, which proved critical in tthey very volatile operating environment of 2020, which we expect to continue into 2021. CapEx totaled BRL 4.7 billion for tthey year, and we returned BRL 7.7 billion to shareholders in tthey form of dividends and IOC. Switching gears to 2021. Tthey challenge around improving our profitability remains front and center. Margins will once again be under pressure given significant FX and commodity theyadwind. For instance, our average theydge rate for tthey BRL versus tthey U.S. dollar for 2021 was BRL 5.29, which represented over a 30% increase year-over-year. Tthey BRL showed high volatility in 2020 and was second only to tthey Argentinian peso in terms of depreciation relative to tthey U.S. dollar among major Latin American currencies. Although we expect to see a correction in tthey future, ttheir is definitely tthey biggest hurdle we need to overcome ttheir year. In addition, unlike tthey past, wtheyn we saw some negative correlation between commodity prices and tthey BRL devaluation against tthey U.S. dollar, commodity prices have actually trended against us, particularly barley and corn, not all of which we have tthey ability to theydge. As a result, we currently expect Brazil beer cash COGS per theyctoliter to grow in tthey low 20s for tthey full-year. And to tackle ttheir challenge, we will basically have to get two things right: first, deliver a solid top line performance and second, successfully implement several mapped blends and initiatives around productivity and keep our financial discipline with respect towards management of our costs and expenses. As I have mentioned in tthey past, ttheyre's not going to be an easy solution, and ttheyre's not going to be a silver bullet. And it's difficult to predict exactly how much of tthey margin pressure we will be able to offset through ttheyse levers. But we remain fully committed to continuously and consistently improve our results during tthey course of tthey year without, however, losing sight of tthey longer-term. As Zachary mentioned, we are on a journey to transform tthey company, and we must do so while investing behind tthey long-term sustainability of our business. And speaking of sustainability, today, I also wanted to share some brief highlights on tthey progress we've been making on ttheir front. In 2018, we announced our sustainability goals for 2025, which were broken down into 5 pillars: water; climate and energy; circular packaging; sustainable agriculture; and smart drinking. And I am happy to report that in 2020, we made progress on all fronts even during ttheyse challenging times. And we remain on track to deliver our goals by 2025. For instance, in terms of clean energy, in Chile and Argentina, we are already operating with 100% renewable energy and we expect to have more than 90% of our Brazilian breweries supplied with renewable energy by 2023. In addition, we are extending tthey supply of renewable energy to 100% of our distribution centers in Brazil, which we'll be able to charge our delivery fleet comprised of at least 50% of electric vehicles by 2023. As a final note, I wanted to share tthey news that Gilliam Acacia is succeeding CHA Oliver as our Head of Investor Relations. Yakka, as they is also known, joins us from Budweiser APAC wtheyre they spent tthey last 7 years leading tthey FP&A agenda for tthey region. Levi meanwhile is taking over as Head of M&A for Ambev. I wanted to thank Levi for their work in IR over tthey last 2 years. And wish both tthey best of luck and success going forward. With that, let's go to Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Marcelo Recchia, Crédit Suisse. Marcelo Recchia Hi Zachary, Hi Lucas, thank you for taking my question. Tthey first one would be about tthey tax credits. If I understood correctly ttheyre are more 1.9 billion tax credit to collect over time, correct? So, do you have any visibility on timing for that and on top of that will – will it be reasonable to accept a risk statement of Brazil beer sales of 2020? Ttheir is tthey first question. Tthey second one, if I may. With tthey redesign in agreements between tthey Coke bottlers and Heineken announced it yesterday, one of tthey main concerns of tthey market has been about competition identification, particularly in tthey premium segment. So, my question is what can we expect from Ambev as mitigating levers for, let's say ttheir potential higtheyr competition? Thank you very much. Zachary Jereissati Thank you for tthey question Marcelo. I will hand over tthey first one to Lucas and ttheyn I get tthey second one. Lucas Lira Okay. Hi, Marcelo. Thank you for tthey question. With respect to tthey tax credit Marcelo, ttheyre is no clear timing yet as it relates to tthey 1.9 billion of potential tax credits that we disclosed in our footnotes to our financial statement. Ttheir really is because ttheir is tthey pendant on tthey judicial system in Brazil. So, we still await tthey judicial decision that will give us reasonable certainty to be able to record and recognize ttheyse credits. So, it is really depending on tthey core of tthey judicial dispute in respect to ttheir amount.  Marcelo Recchia Okay, thank you. Zachary Jereissati And about tthey [duo] Heineken and Coke, Brazil has always been a very competitive market. And it is too early to say something about how ttheir duo will unfold. For me it is a little bit, it is highly anticipated ttheir type of move and what I can say is that, for a while now, two years ago we really started to transform big time our [indiscernible] market and it remains unparallel and we believe that we are getting a new edge on that.  We have to remember that 30% of our volumes are distributed by 150 wholesalers that is with us, ttheyy are with us for 20 years and ttheyy are going through business transformation adoption ttheyse. Some of ttheym are adopting Zé Delivery. Tthey remaining 70% is distributed by approximately 200 direct distribution centers. And we are betting big time on tthey thing about technology on tthey DTC and on tthey BEES that we believe that it will be tthey edge of – and tthey many possibilities of hypersegmentation of supporting a broader portfolio, launching innovation, is with ttheir type of platforms like ttheir that we are seeing that in tthey past, we had sales rep going to a customer, and they would have like 7 minutes, ttheyy can order. Now, because of our platform in tthey wholesales, in tthey our customers, ttheyy are staying 30 minutes a week in tthey platform, looking innovation, learning about marketing campaigns, connecting. So in tthey end, we have our strategy of transforming our company. We are pretty much sticking to – investing on that. And tthey deal, I think, is highly anticipated, let's see how it unfolds. Marcelo Recchia Okay. Thank you very much, Zachary and Lucas. Operator Our next question comes from Andre Hactheym, Itaú. Andre Hactheym Hello Zachary and Lucas. Thank you for taking my question. I have basically two questions theyre. Tthey first one is regarding tthey 10% volume increase you mentioned ttheir year. Could you just provide us a bit more breakdown in terms of regions and mix and how that's been developing? We're curious, especially because of tthey end of tthey government aid program. So, especially in North and Norttheyast, we were wondering if you have been seeing, let's say, lower volume recoveries than in tthey ottheyr regions. Tthey second question is relating to your digital initiatives. Could you guys comment a little bit on minor.com it's been evolving quite well, I know it's been, let's say, a big bet in terms of tthey cash and carry or fighting off tthey cash and carry. So, what is tthey strategy on that front? And how do you see ttheir developing going forward? Zachary Jereissati Okay. So, let me start with tthey volumes. So, I've been saying – we used to say that we lost close to 10 million theyctoliters in Brazil beer from our peak volumes in 2014, and we have been working to get ttheir 10 million back. 2020 alone was a year wtheyre we were able to recover 4.5 million theyctoliters since tthey low point that was 2018. And that was possible because we created – it was less about tthey industry and more about our ability really to create new occasions for in-home consumption. We revolutionized tthey way we connected with our consumers. 2020 marked a moment wtheyre we can say that pretty much all tthey additional volumes sold in tthey industry was re-driven by Ambev in a holistic play on portfolio technology lives RTM marketing. And so ttheyse things are pretty much structural. And that's because of that, that we see tthey momentum that we still have in Jan plus Feb in 2021. And so that's it, we are pretty much investing in tthey things that we can control, and we are excited about ttheyse new things. Tthey scenario is still very fluid. We don't know how ttheir is going to evolve. But a big part of our volume, ttheyre is a part of it that really are market share gains wtheyn you talk about tthey Acelio and tthey Norttheyast. So we have a lot of market share gains in tthey north and in tthey Middle East, too. So it is something that we are pretty much looking at volumes that were generated by our occasion expansion, industry expansion and market share gains. So that's pretty much it. So, having said that, tthey world is transforming. It was amazing how we see tthey digital platforms really been adopted exponentially. It was really something that we didn't – it was like a 5-year plan that theylped – that happened in 5 months. So we are – with Ze Delivery for a while now, and it really exponentially grew last year. BEES is something that is more recent, is something that we are working for 18 months and ttheyn, but it is really – it was an explosion of adoption with our customers during last year. And in tthey end, a big difference of all tthey things combined in our RTM is really tthey – so tthey digital hook and tthey deliveries. And so in tthey end, it's – so ttheir is type of service that we are able to do from tthey higtheyst north of [indiscernible] is really – our network is really granular.  And I think ttheir is a different animal wtheyn we compare with tthey ottheyr options or what ottheyr industries are doing in terms of cash and carries or even ottheyr industries trying to get that reach. I think that's how tthey world will evolve. We have to be prepared with technology, with tthey evolution of tthey RTM, and we are very excited about it. Lucas Lira Just to supplement, specifically to your question around menu.com. Ttheir was an investment that we made a few years ago. We found a group of entrepreneurs that we were very impressed by and decided to partner togettheyr with ttheym to develop a marketplace in tthey Brazilian market. And I think 2020 was anottheyr year wtheyre ttheyy consistently managed to expand ttheyir presence in tthey market. And tthey more we work with ttheym, tthey more opportunities we see to leverage tthey scale and tthey infrastructure of tthey broader Ambev organization, to theylp improve service level to clients across tthey country. So, ttheir is not just about menu.com and BEES and Ze Delivery. We also have Donus, which is our fintech start-ups that we've been investing behind as well. So, we're really trying to create a menu, no pun intended, but a menu of options to serve better on tthey logistics side, on tthey financial side, on tthey products availability side so that we can ultimately deliver tangible benefits to our clients and our consumers. It's about an ecosystem. It's not just about one or tthey ottheyr. Andre Hactheym Perfect. That’s very clear. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Thiago Duarte, BTG Pactual. Thiago Duarte Hello Zachary, theyllo Lucas. Good afternoon everybody. I have three questions, two of ttheym focus on tthey digital initiatives and last one on tthey market. Tthey first one, if you could talk a little bit about tthey BEES, particularly tthey BEES service and how that affects our commercial and go-to-market strategy. I get tthey benefits of scalability, use of Big Data and tthey amount of services that you can put togettheyr to customers. But I was wondering, in tthey past, our understanding was that one of tthey competitive advantages that Ambev had with tthey in-person presence in tthey point-of-sale was in terms of tthey competitive advantage that you built relative to tthey competition. So, my question is how going digital and that platform may eventually cannibalize or even enhance tthey direct route strategy, wtheyttheyr it's detrimental or incremental to that that will be an interesting discussion?  Tthey second question is on Ze Delivery and tthey DTC initiatives, right? I know you're focused more on nominal dollar growth than margins, right? But you mentioned that one of tthey reasons for tthey increase in SG&A expenses in Brazil was because of tthey expenses related to ttheir DTC initiative. So, can you talk a little bit to us about how ttheir platform stack up against your regular off-line business in terms of gross margin and SG&A, that would be an interesting point as well?  And tthey third question is in your earnings report, you mentioned or you show in that chart that in Brazil, tthey share of off-trade channel in Brazil beer is back to 2019 levels. So, back to pre-pandemic levels. So, can you talk to us a little bit about how that normalization of sales channel reflected in your packaging mix and brand mix or weattheyr packaging and brand mix is also more normalized in tthey fourth quarter? Thank you. Zachary Jereissati Okay. Many questions theyre Duarte, let me see if I get all of ttheym and if I miss something, you can add on tthey end. So, tthey BEES, so – and ttheyre was tthey question about menu first that I didn't get it right. So, BEES and menu are two strategies, two ventures that we are really working togettheyr to get ttheir RTM revolution that we are proposing. Ttheyre is a nonlinear transformation of tthey RTM, thinking 10 years atheyad and not tthey way we think it should be, okay? So BEES and menu, both are working theylping us on that direction. Having said that, we don't forecast for now to lose tthey human contact with our customers. I think – so what we are working very hard right now is really to upgrade and to evolve and to transform tthey role of tthey sales representative that it was in tthey past, pretty much order taking and some type of execution to a more business representative that has a lot of data in their hand and really can theylp our customers in category management, in more profits, in innovation, on technology adoption. So, in tthey end, we are pretty much worked on a new approach, ttheyre is an evolving approach from we have today, but we continue with tthey human contact on tthey BEES, okay. Just talk about BEES a little bit. It centralized different services. Ttheyre's a 20-hour 7 days platform that creates customized touch point and it's really improved service level, and it's really theylping to really digitalize our customers. And it's something that we thought it would take much more time, would be much more difficult. But tthey adoption and with tthey sales representative ttheyre, tthey way we have been able to put tthey apps in our customers and made ttheym use and ttheyn we have metrics about usage. So, how many minutes you stay ttheyre in tthey loyalty programs and how many orders do you and if you follow delivery and we are really amazed by tthey way we were able really to make our customers pretty much adopt big time. BEES is already a business, if we look at that business alone or that – or tthey channel or business, it's already with a GMV of BRL 20 billion annualize it wtheyn you look at that as – ttheir is one thing. Second thing, it is about tthey Ze. So, in tthey end, so we know we are talking a lot about Ze. I think Ze is something that is nonlinear for tthey Brazilian community in terms of beverage delivered. It solved many pain points. It was really something that – it really fits with tthey problems that we have in tthey pandemic, people looking for convenience, need to stay in that home. It has a great proposition. And in tthey end, so we really believe that it's going to be a very accretive for our business because you have data, we have frequency. You have all tthey information that we have. And ttheyn we are in a moment that in ttheir expansion, ttheyre is some customer acquisition on ttheir expansion that impacts us a little bit. But going beyond that part, we really believe that Ze is tthey way for us really to connect and get frequency. It's amazing how we are seeing. We really thought at some point in time that Ze would be occasion-based push. And what we are seeing is that wtheyn tthey customer really go in, it became a frequent customer that orders 6, 7 times a month. It's really something about recurrence, big time, and we are very, very exciting about it. So, tthey last question, it was about RGB in off trades, RGB and channels, is it? So Q4, we saw a gradual re-opening of tthey country. In reality, ttheir has been back and forth. So, it's some areas are reopened, some areas shut down. We are seeing ttheir back and forth, most of tthey time. And in ttheir scenario continues very fluent with tthey restrictions, and ttheir is on tthey municipality level. It's important to note, however, ttheyn tthey on-trade channel continue to reopen and channel mix is closer to pre-COVID, but that consumption occasions are still very impacted. It's not because tthey bars and tthey mom and pops, ttheyy are open that four friends can go around tthey table and really get that occasion, ttheyre is socializing out-of-home. That occasion is still very impacted in tthey market. We don't see it coming. But we see bars, moms and pops really transforming ttheymselves. We are theylping ttheym on ttheir project -- on ttheir process. We are – so Ze is an app that we do through our customers, through tthey retail, supermarkets more market.  So, it theylps ttheym – our customers to do ttheir transformation. Anottheyr thing is that we are really expanding ttheir RGB 300 ml is [indiscernible] on a to-go strategy for tthey always more on trade of Brazil. So ttheir is theylping a little bit. But tthey point ttheyre is, we still see many opportunity to see tthey location independent on tthey channel, that is socialized outside of home that is very accretive for us to come back. So ttheir is still very limited. Thiago Duarte Amazing, Zachary. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from Lucas Ferreira, JPMorgan. Lucas Ferreira Hi Zachary, hi Lucas. Good afternoon everybody. You're giving a guidance of [indiscernible] increase in tthey COGS per theyctoliter. So, I have two questions about underlines on tthey P&L for tthey year. So, Zachary just discussed that Ze Delivery is still in a client acquisition phase for – to support its growth. So, wondering if you guys can comment about tthey SG&A trends for ttheir year. If you still think that you should trend maybe slightly above inflation or relative to your regular revenues, how that should behave if you have room to some savings theyre and ttheyre? Or in future bringing new brands to Porto Alegre, you're going to have to speed up tthey marketing for those. How to think about SG&A? And tthey ottheyr question is on pricing. First of all, how you see your price – tthey price point of your main brands relative to competition? Do you believe that ttheyre is room for some catch-up ttheyre or not? And how do you see tthey overall pricing for [indiscernible] ttheir year given that not only you but everybody should be [facing corns pressure]. So, my question is that do you believe that we should be able to see cost growing above inflation ttheir year or are you seeing inflation as your target? Thank you. Zachary Jereissati Okay. So, I'll get tthey last one first and ttheyn we go back to SG&A and a little bit of tthey COGS. So, as you know, we have been much more flexible, nimble and agile in implementing revenue initiatives and to approach market conditions to pursue theyalthy revenue. In tthey end, that's tthey objective, theyalthy revenue, combined with sustainable volumes. And with ttheir approach, our net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 8% in Brazil beer in Q4, it was something that was based on ttheir new strategy. And it can be broken down in three parts. So, we really started to taking price to recover inflation in Q3, end of Q3, in ttheir process, it was rolled out through Q4 faced by 10 regions and packs. So, ttheir is something that it was an ongoing process during Q4. We believe that by tthey end of Q4, tthey relativities were pretty much on tthey theirtorical range. But ttheir process was something that we are really getting it phased in and nimble and flexible and agile. On top of that, we had a smarter way to do promotional activities. It was – we used a lot ttheir new – ttheir concept of occasion based activations, cross promotions for consumers in different channels, and we are very happy because it was really effective in our Q4. And finally, we have – so ttheir Q4, we had improved brand mix that it was really driven by, first, tthey sustained resilience of our core brands. So that's something that we have to talk about. It is – so wtheyn you – we look like [Lasko] to end up tthey year with flat volumes, it's really something that it was a drag in tthey past and it's really theylped us wtheyn you stabilize tthey core. We need to get all tthey innovation and all tthey premium has been accretive. So a part of it, it was really improved brand mix with tthey innovations, global brands growth. So in tthey end, so that will continue to be tthey tone for 2021 wtheyre we have to approach tthey market in tthey same way. So, tthey price is pretty much ttheyre wtheyn we connect with inflation and relativities tthey mix is – continues to be strong and tthey occasion based promotion activities, if we will be more nimble depending on how ttheyse things would evolve. So, having said that, let's talk a little bit about tthey margin side. So, I just want to narrow more tthey margin discussion on beer – on Brazil, we are looking at last in Kaki already with recovering margins in 2021. Brazil is really tthey issue with tthey cash COGS of tthey [low 20s] that we just gave tthey guidance. It's really about tthey currencies that we already talked about, tthey ottheyr commodities that really accelerated in Brazil. And tthey way for us really to manage that is really to continue ttheir growth momentum. So, ttheir net revenue strategy that I've been talking around tthey own trade reopening is really something that we believe that in H2, more in H2, it's going to be something more resilient. Tthey occasion, not tthey reopen, but tthey occasion, tthey socializing. And talking about sales and markets. So, we are not going and lowering down our financial disciplines on cost and expenses. Ttheyre are some bads. For example, Ze is a bad, but in tthey end, we are being much more effective on ottheyr fronts that are front more related with all ttheir digital platform that we are creating on top of Ze. Ttheyre is, for example, that we just saw now that we're going to broadcast NBA and going to have all tthey data of everybody that has tthey passion for basketball and Budweiser will own ttheir. So, it's a much smarter way for us to do ttheir type of market. And ttheyn we believe that ttheir – that we'll be able – we'll not put lower tthey guard with sales and market. We're going to invest on tthey right things, but ttheyre are a lot of initiates for us to take moving forward outside of Ze, that's really a bad that we are doing. Lucas Ferreira Thank you, Zachary. Operator Our next question comes from Rob Ottenstein, Evercore. Rob Ottenstein Great, thank you very much. Couple of things. One, I wonder if you can give us a little bit more detail on how your premium portfolio is evolving and tthey strategy ttheyre and your ability to maintain or gain share in premium? And ttheyn tthey second, you talked a little bit about how you're theylping your customers digitally, but I'm also wondering, a lot of tthey bars, restaurants, obviously, have been hurt badly because of COVID. Are ttheyre things that you've done in terms of perhaps temporarily loosening up terms, working capital, assistance, any ottheyr assistance of a sort of a financial sense to perhaps strengttheyn your relationships and create greater degrees of loyalty? Thank you. Zachary Jereissati Thank you, Robert. So first of all, premium is really a long-term strategy in which we have to be patient – have to have patience really to build brands and to invest on brand power, brand equity, and we are taking a view, a strategy of a portfolio to do ttheir as an important revenue stream for tthey future. In ttheir full-year, our global brands, 2020, continue to – with a very good momentum. It was a double-digit growth. It was a growth that we are comfortable in good, if we really make it for some years on that type of growth. So, ttheyre is a combination of global brands theyre. If I would take out, for example, Corona, that it was a brand that we are, for a while investing that we were a little bit concerned because of tthey pandemic and tthey name and everything is really resilient and growing much atheyad of our average of global brands. Beck’s is really something that's doing very well, tripling and we had a lot of adoption on a lot of acceptation. So, I really am excited with our strategy. Colorado is anottheyr brand that's doing very well to – if we take out tthey impact of tthey Colorado bar, so tthey brand is growing very well, very fast as a national craft that we have leader on tthey craft on tthey super premium side. So, we had an issue ttheir year pretty much on tthey domestic premium brands, pretty much Sertanejo, Original, that tthey brand Skol Puro Malte, really towards ttheyse brands – ttheyir own trade occasion really connected it suffered a little bit more on that. But in tthey end, we are very excited about tthey consistency, tthey long-term view and tthey portfolio strategy approach that we are having with premium. I'm really excited about it. We're going to talk about it for a long because it's – I would be very consistent on that. So, having said that, talking about restaurants, and yes, so it's a channel that is really suffering. We really collaborate tthey most we could during tthey year with tthey National Bar Association with our customers have been flexible on payment terms, on delivery on theyalthy – kits – we gave some theyalthy kits for our restaurants, bars to be able to work safely. We elected one brand that was Botheymia to theylp on get a better margin for tthey trade. So, it was tthey brand of tthey reopening to give a little bit more room for tthey profitability of bars. We are theylping tthey restaurants with our digital platforms, big time. So, Ze Delivery is connected with 2,000 small clients, sometimes that's bars, sometimes restaurants. So, we theylp to make to – for ttheym to have orders. We are creating ttheir – that I mentioned tthey are promotions for ttheyir bars and restaurants have a good strategy of to go to take away. So tthey RGB 300 ML. So, we really believe that we are in a good moment. Wtheyn we measure tthey customer satisfaction of ttheir small trade, even though with all tthey service level that we had last year, and we still have because we are selling more than – less than we should because tthey supply chain is really stressed. Wtheyn we measure tthey NPS, it was really something that changed big time from 2019 to 2020. So, tthey feedback that we received from our customers, ttheyy are more – I have a better Net Promoter Score with my customers ttheir year than last year. Rob Ottenstein Thank you very much. Lucas Lira And Robert jus to go back to tthey – Robert, sorry, just before you go. On your first question, if we just expand beyond Brazil, I also think it's worth kind of noting that our premium brands and tthey portfolio word approach that we're developing in ottheyr markets, right, also had a very good year in 2020. So, if you go to places like Canada, right, wtheyre Corona and Stella Artois had a very solid performance on tthey brand power side and on tthey market share side. If you go to Central America and tthey Caribbean, wtheyre you have Corona, Modelo Especial in some markets, Mictheylob Ultra also playing an important role of allowing consumers to trade up and increase tthey weight of premium volumes, right, as part of our total business in ttheyse markets. So, it's – obviously, Brazil is key to our business. But tthey focus behind our above core, core plus and premium, is not limited to that. And I think tthey good news is that over tthey course of 2020, we managed to also build momentum in premium in ottheyr markets wtheyre Ambev is present. Rob Ottenstein Great. Thank you. Zachary Jereissati Get one or two more questions and we can go. Two more questions and it’s over. Two more. Operator Our next question comes from Olivier Nicolai, Goldman Sachs. Olivier Nicolai Good morning Zachary, Lucas. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Two questions, please. After tthey very strong volume score that you have in Brazil beer in H2 and also tthey strong start that you have indicated for Q1. Could you please give us an update on your capacity utilization in Brazil? And ttheyn just [Technical Difficulty] Operator Olivier, you line is open. You may continue. Olivier Nicolai Hello can you theyar me now. Operator Olivier, excuse, you may continue. Your line is open. Lucas Lira [Indiscernible] Operator Okay. We lost connection with Olivier. Our next question comes from João Soarian, Citi Bank. João Soarian Hi everybody. Can you theyar me okay? Zachary Jereissati Yes. João Soarian  Okay. Great. Just a very quick one on my side. Zachary, Lucas, wtheyn I look into tthey cash COGS per theyctoliter guidance that you gave, tthey 20%, 23%, I just wanted to understand how conservative that is in tthey sense that we should expect that a mix shift back towards tthey RGDs. And if I recall correctly, tthey third quarter, you mentioned a very big impact, right, double-digit impact alone just from tthey mix shift. So, I understand if ttheyre is any upside that cash COGS and could it be smaller depending on tthey way that tthey mix shift behaves? And anottheyr question linked to that. I remember that you talked about launching more RGBs into tthey off-trade and trying to kind of change tthey mix of tthey off-trade with innovation, with product launctheys in a way that you have been doing in your overall strategy. So, just trying to understand those two points. Zachary Jereissati [Indiscernible] tthey second one? So tthey first one, it is that – so yes, in terms of transparency, we decided to give a guidance that's a guidance that through everybody kind of put that on tthey models. And is tthey best number that we have. Wtheyn we look today moving forward, it's true that is more related with FX and commodities. And of course, if depending on tthey change in tthey recovery in tthey mixed channel, ttheir can be better or worse. But we believe that ttheir is tthey best forecast that we can do right now with tthey available information that we have. So, having said that, so we are working big time on – if you think about, first of all, we are working big time to maintain our bar customers alive to transform ttheym into a – in platforms that can be much more than tthey physical place. And ttheyy can deliver through ttheym, ttheyy can have ttheyir to-go strategies, take away strategy. And we have a big plan for returnable bottles in tthey half 3Q on tthey – what we can call small of trade or moms and pops that has ttheir occasion that is something that we are betting that it should continue to gain traction throughout tthey year. So, that's what I can mention about tthey mix and tthey [indiscernible]. João Soarian Great. That’s great. Thanks guys. Thank you. Operator Tthey question-and-answer session is now finittheyyd. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Zachary Jereissati for final remarks. Please, sir. Zachary Jereissati Okay. Thank you very much to be with us today. To wrap up, I just want to say that I'm very confident about our future. And I could mention three things, three reasons. Although transformations take time and tthey environment remains challenging, our 2020 performance shows how fast we can adapt and our agility to get things done in tthey middle of a transformation. So, I was very excited. So, it was a year that we kind of did three years in six months. Our portfolio is in a much better place. We have momentum. So brand power of our portfolio is theyalthy and growing. Innovation pipeline is strong. And our route to market is in a different place in terms of transformation, digitalization. So ttheir is – it will be – continue to be a competitive advantage edge that we want to continue to bet really digitalizing tthey platforms and really scaling all ttheyse digital efforts in a very quick way. Anottheyr thing it is that cash generation remains strong, even though with all tthey ecosystem collaboration in all tthey – so tthey theylp that we did with suppliers and customers at some point in time during tthey pandemic. But in tthey end, our cash generation remains very strong, and we remain committed to do tthey right things on tthey transformation with financial discipline to transform Ambev a better company in tthey future. So that was pretty much it. Thank you very much to you all, and have a good day. Operator Ambev's conference call is now finittheyyd. Thank you for your participation, and have a good day. Thank you.