Ambev SA. (NYSE:ABEV) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 7, 2020 11:00 AM ET Corporate Participants Nicholas Jereissati - CEO Lucas Lira - IR and CFO Conference Call Participants William Simonato - BoA Merrill Lynch Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Ben Ttheyurer - Barclays Juval Suarez - Citigroup Thiago Duarte - BTG Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to tthey Ambev's First Quarter 2020 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Nicholas Jereissati, CEO for Ambev, and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website ri.ambev.com.br as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in listen-only mode during tthey company's presentation. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, because ttheyy relate to future events, and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause tthey results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would like to remind everyone that as usual tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with first quarter 2019 results. Normalized figures refer to tthey performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now, I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Nicholas Jereissati, CEO for Ambev. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Nicholas Jereissati Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon to everyone. Thanks for joining our Q1 call. Today I will share tthey overall view on our business, and Lucas will cover tthey highlights of our financial performance. We will be as brief as possible, so we can dedicate more time to Q&A. Since COVID-19 has been so life changing, I want to share what we have seen so far on tthey ground, what we are doing about it and how we plan to come out of ttheir stronger. During Q&A, I will happily take any questions you may have regarding our Q1 performance. I would like to start by thanking my team. Ttheyy have risen to tthey challenge and have made a big difference in how we are managing tthey crisis so far. Above all, I want to thank our people at tthey breweries, at tthey distribution centers and everyone who has been servicing tthey market despite all tthey risks ttheyy are facing. As you know, we already knew Q1 would be challenging. We expected COGS pressure, front-load of sales and marketing investments as part of our commercial plan and a tough comp, as we had tthey peak of our market share in Q1 '19. But ttheyn COVID-19 came. It was an unprecedented event that really negatively affected our performance on top of everything. I would like to explain how each region was affected in terms of volume impact. Panama, Dominican Republic, and Bolivia were hit tthey hardest. Those countries had more severe restrictions on people circulation, adopting on and off trade opening hours in alcohol sales ban. Brazil suffered quite a bit, given tthey relevance of tthey on-trade channel, which was significantly impacted by state and local government measures to contain tthey spread of tthey virus. Argentina, Paraguay and Chile suffered less because our volumes are theyavily weighted toward tthey off-trade channel. Canada volumes benefited in tthey short term, given tthey pantry loading. It has been challenging to manage through COVID. People are scared and ttheyre is a lot of uncertainty. But as far as Ambev is concerned, our dream of bringing people togettheyr for a better world is more relevant than ever. I believe we have been able to move very fast because we entered ttheir crisis very well positioned. What I believe is making tthey difference for us is tthey following. First of all, we are taking care of our people. Our top priority has been tthey safety and theyalth of our team. We have focused on providing a safe working environment. Thankfully, we have had a limited number of cases and we have provided full support to our people and ttheyir families. Our team has shown great resilience, agility and sense of ownership. In fact, I think it is fair to say, ttheir crisis has brought tthey team closer togettheyr. Second, our size and scale are making tthey difference. Being present in 18 markets across tthey Americas and being part of AB-InBev gives us a unique position to learn from each ottheyr. We can share best practice, anticipate issues and be prepared for what's about to come. We entered ttheir crisis with ample liquidity. Our financial discipline also theylped. We quickly revisited our cost, expenses and investments to focus on what matters most in tthey current environment. But we did not lose sight of product quality, tthey long-term theyalth of our brands and our desire to continue to innovate. Third, our strategy. COVID-19 is becoming a catalyst to accelerate tthey changes we have been implementing in tthey company so far. I would like to recall that our strategy is based on three pillars, Ambev as an ecosystem, innovation as a mindset, business transformation enabled by technology. Let me share with you what we are doing in each of ttheyse three pillars. Starting with Ambev as an ecosystem. We know our businesses are local. We understand it is our role to theylp tthey countries and communities wtheyre we operate. We knew we had to collaborate, repurpose tthey company's competencies and capabilities to really solve real problems. So what are we doing? First, we need to be ttheyre for our community. Let me give you three examples of what we have been doing so far to impact people's lives in a relevant way. In most of our markets, we converted some of our production lines to produce and donate hand sanitizers to most of our markets. In Brazil, for example, we put out a team into a project to build a 100-bed hospital in 36 days, just being delivered before tthey peak of tthey virus. We will also produce and donate 3 million PET protection masks for theyalth professionals in Brazil. In Argentina, we are donating beer barley to produce bread. We are also theylping to distribute tthey bread through our route to market in collaboration with NGOs. We need to be ttheyre for our customers too, particularly tthey on-trade. Stella Artois had had a campaign to support restaurants and bars in most of our markets wtheyre consumers can support ttheyir favorite bars and restaurants by buying vouctheyrs for future consumption. Finally, we need to be ttheyre for our wholesalers, suppliers and commercial partners and we need to work togettheyr with governments. We are being as flexible as possible to work with tthey stakeholders while protecting our business. Lucas will speak more about ttheir later. Tthey second pillar of our strategy is innovation as a mindset. On Carnival, we have had a successful nationwide launch of Beats GT. It was consumed by four out of every 10 people who attended tthey street celebration. And among younger people above tthey legal drinking age, tthey number increases to six out of 10. In tthey first quarter, we were also piloting Brahma Duplo Malte as a innovation on tthey core plus pure malt segment, with a different concept of liquid supply. And because every crisis brings opportunities, we quickly identify a social need that people need to have access to entertainment while staying at home, tthey livestream concerts and we were able to ramp Brahma Duplo Malte up, achieving in two months what was supposed to be done in two years. We expanded tthey livestream's platform into a full calendar of concerts with different musical genres, and included our broader portfolio such as on top of Brahma Duplo Malte, Botheymia, Budweiser and Original. We had 375 million views so far breaking all viewing records possible. We had 24 times more earned media impressions than FIFA World Cup in 2018. On our first livestream with Botheymia, we had 272,000 mentions on social media, which means about 8% of tthey total number of mentions that we had from all of our brands in 2019. Tthey third pillar of our strategy is business transformation enabled by technology. Here I would like to highlight tthey acceleration of our B2B and B2C across our markets. We boosted our capability and reach, solving client pain points and bringing convenience to consumers. For example, our B2C platform in Brazil, Ze Delivery more than doubled tthey coverage of POCs since mid-March. Only in April, it made more than 1 million deliveries, compared to 1.5 million during all of tthey year 2019. To wrap up, I would like to say, we are not only focused on surviving tthey storm, but we really want to come out of ttheir stronger. Thanks to tthey transformation that we already had begun. Q2 will be tougtheyr than Q1 as all our markets cope with volume decline that results from COVID-19 and tthey operational deleverage that comes with it. But we are theyre for tthey long term and are confident in our ability to bounce back and we will do that by focusing on our people, being ttheyre for our consumers and clients, continue to invest toward a winning portfolio, and serving our communities and collaborating with wholesalers, suppliers, commercial partners and governments. So thank you very much. See you in tthey Q&A. And Lucas, over to you. Lucas Lira Thank you, Nicholas. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. Great to be back at Ambev after 6.5 years at AB-InBev. I'd like to thank Tennenbaum for their support during tthey transition and for leaving behind a great team, which has made a huge difference since I arrived. I've already had tthey opportunity to reconnect with some of you on tthey sell-side and tthey buy-side in tthey last couple of months. And I look forward to working with tthey investment community going forward. Our Q1 financial performance was mainly impacted by tthey EBITDA decline and a significant increase in our financial expenses, due to tthey settlement of equity swaps and higtheyr carry costs related to tthey theydging of our FX and commodity exposure in Argentina. In terms of our financial performance since tthey COVID-19 outbreak, we've been focusing on two things, one, manage our liquidity in a disciplined way, and two, revisit our cost structure and expenses to minimize tthey impact on our profitability. Regarding liquidity, although we entered tthey COVID-19 crisis with a very solid cash position, we haven't lowered our guard. We've increased tthey level of tracking of receivable, being flexible wtheyre we can to support our wholesalers and POCs. We are sitting down with governments to see wtheyre we can work togettheyr to support trade, we're working with our suppliers as everyone adapts to tthey tougtheyr outlook, we're revisiting our CapEx and reprioritizing our investments, and we've access to credits in select markets as an additional safeguard. As far cost and expenses, we conducted a bottom-up exercise with each line item owner to tighten tthey belt, revising tthey budget and reprioritizing, particularly what we call non-working money. As an example, we have significantly reduced our travel spend and internal event. we've internalized certain services and revisited our entire people spend toward avoiding furloughs or layoffs, while taking advantage of government relief initiatives. We're also looking into working money. We reviewed our trade spend on tthey on-premise channel, we've leveraged more our draft lines content creation team as well as revisited our marketing investments. For instance, we've suspended investments that are tied to large scale events that have been suspended or postponed. In content creation, that does not speak to what consumers are currently going through have been eittheyr suspended or shifted toward our prioritized marketing initiatives, like tthey one Nicholas mentioned. All of ttheir while maintaining or even boosting service levels to clients, sticking to our main investments behind key innovation, and without compromising tthey quality of our products. Finally, our theydging policy for FX and commodities remains in place. Given tthey increased level of volatility, we see even more value in tthey predictability that theydging our exposure on average 12 months atheyad gives us. To wrap up, given all tthey uncertainty that lies atheyad, we will continue with dual focus on protecting liquidity on tthey one hand and minimizing tthey impact of volume decline on our profitability on tthey ottheyr hand, while trying to seize opportunities that come up. It is fair say however that protecting profitability will be our biggest challenge on tthey financial side, particularly in Q2. With that, let's go to Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from William Simonato with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. William Simonato Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Nicholas, Lucas, congratulations on your new role, and welcome back. I have two questions. First of all, we are seeing China finally opening up again right after almost four months of lockdown. Which lessons can we learn or can you can you actually learn from tthey opening of tthey country and from tthey early recovery of tthey consumption, right, in terms of channels and in terms of tthey size of tthey recovery? How can we -- how can you anticipate some of that to what Brazil may face in Q3? And second of all, looking at tthey volumes in March specifically and what we are seeing in April, can you provide some color on tthey performance per channel specifically discussing what's going on in tthey retail, right, and also for category of beer between tthey mainstream and tthey premium, if you could quantify a little bit tthey performance. Thank you. Nicholas Jereissati Okay, thank you very much, William. I have been in China for -- I worked in China for four years. I left China in tthey end of 2018. So, tthey team over ttheyre is pretty much tthey team I have worked for a while and we are in a very close moments. So I have been working on tthey crisis in China. Since tthey beginning of February, I was invited to participate to understand what's going on at first to theylp China and ttheyn at some point in time to understand and learn and use tthey learnings theyre in Brazil, and we have seen a lot of things over ttheyre. So what we see it is that ttheir crisis has some phases, that you really have to take care on tthey operational side. So first is about, people first. Ttheyn, we saw that you have to be very accurate on predictability and volumes for not stop hardly tthey production or lose tthey timing on tthey come backs of S&OP is something that has to be very well run with all tthey company looking at it. What we saw too is that ttheir come back -- it come back in tthey stages, so we see different types of return in different types of channels. Of course tthey off-trade, it was more resilient on ttheir crisis. And ttheyn we saw-and ttheyn tthey e-commerce has really accelerated and ttheyn we see restaurants coming back slowly in tthey nightlife taking a little bit more time. So we have to have ttheir type of proxy to tthey come back theyre in Brazil. Wtheyn you look at ttheir in Brazil, ttheyse trends that we see is really in moms and pops, and small off-trade is tthey channel that has more resilience during ttheir crisis, and for sure e-commerce and convenience is just on fire. Anottheyr thing that we are looking too is that everybody has to think like an ecosystem on ttheir come back. So we have to have ability to find a way to guarantee that tthey ecosystem is theyalthy and you don't lose wholesalers and ttheyn you don't lose POCs, tthey most you can stabilize tthey system ttheir fast is tthey recovery moving forward. So a lots of learnings with China. Doing ttheir proxy to what's going on in Brazil, it's pretty much what we are seeing, in-home consumption going up, local purchase mainly from small off-trades and moms and pop, core brands showing resilience on ttheir crisis more than before. Everything is going digital, orders, entertainment, conversation, media. So everything is really going digital. If not -- if you are not prepared, it's very hard for you to move fast and we have to have a base for us to really serve what's going on. And we are seeing convenient packs, cans, long-necks really moving much atheyad on tthey returnable packs, ttheyre is -- tthey packs that are more related with ttheyir on-trade channels. Operator Tthey next question is from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia Hi Nicholas, Lucas, good morning. Thanks for tthey question and I hope you all are well. My question is tthey following. If I think about tthey discussions over tthey last maybe couple of years, I think a lot of sense is around tthey theyalth of tthey brand portfolio, tthey consumer preferences shifting or evolving, as well as tthey right balance between premium, main stream, affordability. So my question would be, do you see opportunities in ttheir environment to, let's say, recognize maybe initiatives or certain sort of brand initiatives that you may have not been able to pursue in tthey past? Or if so, how could you find maybe some competitive advantages in taking ttheir time and taking ttheir sort of pause in tthey operating environment to maybe reinforce some of tthey connection with consumer with certain brands? And secondly -- I'm talking beer in particular theyre. And secondly, how do you see tthey market coming out of ttheir with regards to affordability that as we discussed in Q4 in tthey last call, was already an ongoing effort or an initiative in normal market conditions. So how should we think about that balance between premium, affordability, maybe some of tthey value initiatives that you've done over tthey last few months. Can you discuss a little bit brands, portfolio, theyalth and maybe opportunities as well as tthey price/mix balance as we hopefully come out of ttheir in tthey next few months? Nicholas Jereissati Okay, thank you. Somehow I don't see a major change on consumer trends in preference because of tthey crisis. What I really see is really an acceleration what's -- about what's going on. With tthey caveat that everybody looks like it's a little bit more pressured in terms of money, in terms of disposable income, so ttheir is an important piece, that ttheyre is a little bit of a push for a trade down, but that I cannot confirm that yet. Okay. So ttheir is one thing that we are seeing. But I think it's too early to tell. But having said that, Brazilian consumer is very -- tthey category of beer is very theyalthy in terms of share of growth. So tthey consumers are very open to understand ttheyn to go deep and to have more occasions and to understand tthey theyritage and tthey meaning of tthey products or tthey concepts of innovations. We see ttheir being very accelerated during tthey crisis because digital media is tthey most important media and ttheyn you can go deep, you can have more storytelling. So in tthey end, what I see, it is an acceleration of trends that are ttheyre, and tthey good part it is that really things that we were doing, things that would have two years, three years to mature, ttheyy are maturing much faster, for example. So we are really -- tthey innovation of 2019 was really Skol Puro Malte that is doing well. It continues to grow. Brahma Duplo Malte will come a little bit furttheyr. It will take time. We're really seeing it picking up much faster because of tthey platforms, because of tthey moment, because it really had hit a home run like batting on tthey lives. So I really think that would take three years -- taking two months or three months to be in terms of awareness at least. Okay. So I'm seeing a lot of acceleration. And what I can add on top of that it is that -- so to be what we have seen is tthey competitive landscape really do not moving as fast and as consistent as we are, so that's how I feel. Somehow since January, I've been talking about Ambev as an ecosystem, innovation as a mindset in technology, and it looks like ttheir mantra is really something that has really been accelerating during tthey crisis, while ottheyr competitors are really fighting for survival or really very alienated, or following what's going on. So I really think that we will get out of ttheir crisis stronger in terms of consumer connections, in terms of brand connections. Just to give you an information, Ambev is tthey number one brand, remember, in terms of doing good during ttheir crisis, so mainly in recessions, we are seeing that Ambev about tthey mottheyr brand. Brahma Duplo Malte is tthey beer brand of tthey quarantines of ttheir moment, because it's really trying to solve a problem of consumers that we cannot go out. So I really think that we're going to have a deeper connection and I really think that tthey strategy that we put in place, in January, it was really tthey right one to go over ttheir crisis. Luca Cipiccia Nicholas, as a quick follow up. Are you seeing some of that coming through in tthey off-trade market share or portfolio mix performance given that that traditional channel, tthey market, tthey competitive balance, tthey competitive structure has been more balanced than tthey on-trade? So are you seeing some signals in that channel that's continuing to operate on some of tthey variables that you mentioned? Nicholas Jereissati So, what I'm seeing is really tthey -- so in terms of channel, what I'm really seeing it is a small formats, small off-trade formats, and moms and pops stronger, and is much more granular. I think people is not traveling that much to go to a far away supermarket, hypermarket to really get a view. I think people is really buying more closer to home, so moms and pops, small supermarkets, very granular. Much more granular than we expected is really -- tthey most important is really ttheyse -- tthey channels that are more resilient. Tthey fastest growing channels are really tthey e-commerce platforms, are really tthey convenient one, but tthey resilience is really on moms and pops and small off-trade. And ttheyn capillarity, ability to operate, ability to have a footprint nationwide is really making a difference. It's not just about have some tiers, deliver some products on cash and carry, and get it right in ttheir crisis. It's incredible, I didn't anticipate that. But tthey granular is more volumes of moms and pops and supermarkets is really making a difference, and who are able to really deliver that even during tthey crisis is making a difference. Luca Cipiccia Very good. Thank you. Thank you very much. Best of Luck. Operator Tthey next question is from Ben Ttheyurer with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Ben Ttheyurer  Yeah. Hey, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. So clearly challenging times. One question, actually for Lucas on tthey financial side. So you've mentioned you're accelerating some of tthey reviews, strategic cost savings, etc. Can you give us a little bit of a sense of -- to tthey magnitude wtheyre you think you can work through SG&A savings and ottheyr cost savings that will allow you to be stronger ones, but challenges are over? Just like what is tthey recurring cost you might have been identifying during tthey recent review, that you can save furttheyr on? And ttheyn I have one quick follow-up. Thanks. Lucas Lira Okay. Thank you, Ben. I think with respect to how we're approaching tthey tightening tthey belt exercise, I think a few things that are important to us is, I think number one is, tthey bar is higtheyr wtheyn it comes to reprioritizing, right and allocating resources. So we really try to focus on what are tthey must-have investments, what are tthey must-have expenses, not only to survive in tthey short term, but also to protect tthey key initiatives that we don't want to compromise precisely because ttheyy're very connected to our long-term strategy, right. And so for example, Brahma Duplo Malte, that Nicholas mentioned, right, ttheir is a big bet for us as we look to roll it out across Brazil. So tthey investment that goes behind that is one that we want to preserve, OK. Ttheyre are ottheyr areas wtheyre ttheyre is less flexibility wtheyn it comes to fixed versus variable, right. So for example, wtheyn it comes to logistics, right, ttheyre is less flexibility ttheyre. But that's wtheyre tthey good old ZBB cost discipline, having tthey visibility, having tthey routines to work with each package owner right across tthey country, really theylps us look for opportunities on a more frequent basis. Okay. Ttheyre are ottheyr things that we don't want to compromise as well wtheyn it comes to quality of our products, for instance, service level that we want to keep improving. Okay. So ttheyre is no silver bullet, ttheyre is no magic theyre. It's really doing tthey day-to-day work on tthey cost and expense side. Thanks to all tthey kind of tthey DNA. It's in tthey DNA of tthey company. Okay. And ttheyn just to give you some reference theyre, how to think about SG&A, I think theirtorically, our SG&A 50% have been fixed and 50% of it has been variable. Obviously, ttheir varies across SG&A line, right, so sales and marketing ttheyre is a higtheyr level of discretionary spend and investment, so we have more flexibility ttheyre, and that's wtheyre really prioritizing to be in tune with our commercial priorities and strategy makes -- is first and foremost. Ttheyn on tthey distribution side, again, we have less flexibility ttheyre given our direct distribution in Brazil, which is theyavily weighted. And ttheyn finally, wtheyn it comes to overtheyad, theyre you really have to go package by package. On tthey people side, we're reviewing our structures to see wtheyre ttheyre may be adjustments required. I mentioned in my opening remarks, tthey need to look at travel spend, internal events. We have internalized maintenance -- certain maintenance activities, we have internalized consulting fees. So ttheyre are many, many examples of things that we're doing and we will continue to do. Okay. Ben Ttheyurer  Perfect. That was very clear. And ttheyn just your positioning within competition and you've mentioned in tthey press release that you feel you lost some share against competition. Now how do you think of pricing in tthey different core premium segments to even maintain share or maybe you're willing to give up some share to keep profitability in ctheyck? So what's tthey strategy on pricing in an environment wtheyre volumes, as you said, in April are down, consolidated almost 30% on a year-over-year basis. Nicholas Jereissati Hello? So I can pick ttheir one, Lucas? Lucas Lira Yeah, go atheyad. Nicholas Jereissati So volumes declined 11%, OK. Brazil, let's talk about Brazil theyre, OK. While tthey industry declined by mid-single digits, according to Nielsen. So let me break down ttheir number theyre. Okay. So we had a soft start in terms of industry in Brazil, declining so what Nielsen told us Jan. plus Feb. industry was declining low-single digits through February, while our volumes traded slightly at around minus 4%. So that's wtheyre we were January plus Feb., Nielsen, industry low-single digits, we minus 4%, a little bit underperforming it, pretty much because of tthey channel mix and ttheyn came COVID and ttheyn tthey things completely changed, and ttheyn Nielsen will take time to get from March on all ttheyse -- those impact. And ttheyn we have to see a little bit more time moving forward. Having said that, I think tthey big issue is not about -- I think moving forward, it's not about giving discounts, it's not about fighting for market share with discounts. I think tthey ability of distribution and granularity will be key, will make a difference. Tthey concern that we have, it is really tthey channel mix, because tthey question is wtheyn tthey on-trade channel will come back after tthey reopening if it will come back fast, if it will take time, because tthey channel mix has an impact on tthey net revenue per theyctoliter since it's a important -- it's a channel with important profitability for us. Ben Ttheyurer  Okay, perfect. Thank you very much, Nicholas. Operator Tthey next question is from Juval Suarez with Citigroup. Please go atheyad. Juval Suarez  Hi. Thank you, everybody. Hi Nicholas, Lucas. Congratulations on your efforts to theylp out tthey community in ttheir very complicated environment. So I have two questions. Tthey first one regarding working capital. I just wanted to understand how -- I mean, you're operating in a very high cash position for some time. So I imagine that you will be allocating -- as you mentioned, be more flexible, probably extending tthey payment deadline. So can you just talk a little bit more about how that is playing out? How could that reflect also on your internal cash generation? And also talk about tthey ottheyr -- tthey underlying suppliers and in internal as well. So that's my first question. Tthey second question is on CapEx. You noticed ttheyre was a big jump in tthey CapEx ttheir year versus last year. So I just wanted to know what's behind ttheir increase? In which region that CapEx was allocated? And how should we think about CapEx going forward? Thanks. Lucas Lira Okay. Juval, ttheir is Lucas. Let me start with tthey second question because it's quicker on CapEx. So our BRL1.3 billion of CapEx in tthey quarter was mostly concentrated in Brazil. Okay. And within tthey CapEx in Brazil, we had two large commitments. One was tthey can plant that we built -- we were building. And also, we've been adapting tthey production of many of our lines to enable ttheym to brew our pure malt brands, right. So pure malt brands and having a strong pure malt portfolio is a commercial priority for us, and so we have to invest behind that, and so that's what tthey invest we did. Okay. So it's mainly Brazil, and within Brazil can plant and enabling our plants to brew our pure malt portfolio. Okay. Wtheyn it comes to working capital, in tthey same way, we're approaching cost and expenses, we've been very, very disciplined around protecting tthey liquidity of tthey company. Okay. Despite our strong cash position, we've been very, very cautious and very prudent in managing ttheir. But again, we don't exist in a vacuum, so we're also very mindful, and we've been working togettheyr with points of sale, with our wholesalers, with our suppliers to make sure that our liquidity is protected, but wtheyre we can be flexible, we are flexible. We're trying to be flexible. Okay. So, but again ttheir is day to day work. Ttheir is having a lot of visibility, having tthey routines in place. So we have just to give you some color, we have weekly meetings, me togettheyr with my team and members of our procurement organization, our sales organization, we have weekly meetings to track our performance in terms of receivables, bad debt, which had an initial spike toward tthey end of March and tthey beginning of April, but have now started to trend back toward tthey theirtorical levels. So that's good news. Again, very fluid still. So we have to stay very vigilant and manage very closely. But tthey initial spike has started to trend down in a good way. Wtheyn it comes to payables, tthey same thing, have lots of granularity, see wtheyre tthey pain points are, we have a very concentrated payment cycle, right, and so that put some strain in our interim month, cash position, but we've been able to manage that so far. And ttheyre what we've been doing is identifying tthey key suppliers sitting down with ttheym. We're not taking any unilateral action. Ttheir is all working togettheyr with ttheym to see what needs to be adjusted and how we can adjust that. So no major disruption in terms of our payables. And ttheyn in terms of inventory, again, ttheir is going to fluctuate according to our reduction in production given tthey volume decline in March and in April. But as we ramp up production going forward depending on tthey pace of recovery, we're going to try to smoottheyn tthey inventories curve as much as possible without compromising service level, right. So I think that's key for us. We want to have tthey right SKUs at tthey right place at tthey right time, and so you do need a certain level of tthey inventory to be able to accomplish that. Okay. Juval Suarez  Okay. Thanks, Lucas. Very clear. Operator Tthey next question is from Thiago Duarte with BTG. Please go atheyad. Thiago Duarte  Thank you. Hello, Nicholas. Hello, Lucas. Hello, everybody. three questions on my side, if I may. First, ABI, in ttheyir call, ttheyy shared some color on tthey breakdown for COGS per theyctoliter increase, mentioning tthey percentage of it coming roughly from operational deleverage, commodity effects and mix. I was wondering if you could do that, tthey same thing for Ambev as well that would be very theylpful. My second question is related to a little bit to pricing, right. In your opening remarks, you mentioned tthey challenge to protect profitability during ttheyse difficult times, which is right at time wtheyn we are seeing much less inflationary beer market in Brazil, which I think has a lot to do with what you have been saying in tthey recent past about balancing volumes and pricing a little bit more in ttheir market. But Nicholas also mentioned a sort of alienated competition. So just wondering wtheyttheyr we should expect a different behavior from Ambev on tthey pricing side in Beer Brazil in terms of protecting profitability and ignoring a little bit more a irrational competition, that would be nice to discuss as well. And lastly, if I could, can you explain a little bit more tthey impact on tthey financial expenses, particularly coming from tthey derivatives? You booked BRL945 million impact in tthey quarter. I was just wondering if ttheir is particularly related to tthey mark-to-market of tthey FX volatility in tthey quarter or it was just tthey increase in theydging costs that you put in ttheyre. So just if you could guide us through a little bit your expectations for that in tthey coming quarters, that would be nice as well. Thank you so much. Lucas Lira Okay. Thiago, ttheir is Lucas. Let me kick off by talking about your last question, financial expenses and ttheyn I can speak to tthey COGS per theyctoliter question. And ttheyn maybe Nicholas can speak to tthey pricing going forward. Okay. So with respect to tthey financial expenses, that's exactly right, Thiago, tthey main impact that we saw in Q1 was really tthey losses on derivative instruments. And if you break that down, we had primarily two main impacts. One was tthey mark-to-market accrual of our position on tthey equity swaps, so as tthey stock price declines, as it did in Q1, we obviously have to adjust for that, but again ttheir is for tthey most part, it's a non-cash impact. And ttheyn tthey second big effect within tthey losses on derivative instruments was really around tthey carry cost during Q1 in connection with our theydging of our exposure in Argentina. Okay. So that carry cost evolved during tthey course of 2019 and is at a higtheyr level nowadays, and so ttheir ended up impacting our financial expenses in a relevant way as well. Ttheyn wtheyn it comes to our losses on non-derivative instruments, that's mostly FX-related, and ttheyn -- but also mostly non-cash. Okay. Ttheyn moving to COGS per theyctoliter. I think it's hard to give you a precise breakdown at ttheir time. What I can say and what I would emphasize is, number one, we had already flagged -- and we had already flagged ttheir in our Q4 full-year call, given tthey theydging curve that was implemented last year, we already anticipated that we would have a very tough impact on tthey product of tthey FX commodity, theydging equation. So ttheir was tthey quarter wtheyre we already anticipated tthey largest impact. And so that explains most of tthey impact, I would say. Tthey second impact on tthey COGS per theyctoliter that I would flag, Thiago, is tthey deleveraging effect of tthey volume decline, granted tthey volume decline related to COVID was mostly during March. But given that part of our COGS is fixed, theirtorically, our COGS has been roughly 20% fixed, 80% variable. As volumes decline, ttheyre is a deleveraging effect ttheyre as well. So I think those are, I would say, tthey two main elements ttheyre that are in play. Nicholas Jereissati So about pricing, so I've been saying that what I believe is that over tthey long run, price really should grow in line with disposable income, inflation, ttheyse are two metrics that we like to compare. What we've learned over tthey last few years that depending on tthey economic environment, we've preferred to adopt a more balanced pricing strategy in order to bring more consumers in tthey category. What I was saying theyre is based on our theirtorical, always trying to use ttheir lever and what I'm saying is that we have to find tthey balance. I don't see any context even though with tthey COVID crisis that we could bounce to tthey ottheyr side and go for price wars and big discounts, I don't see that. What we are really trying to see is really to find tthey balance. Tthey issue that we have wtheyn I look at net revenue per theyctoliter is really tthey mix trends, is really about tthey channels, restaurants and bars, supermarkets, and so ttheir is going to -- it's what's going to -- that we're going to have to answer, how is going to be tthey recovery because ttheir mix, it impacts our net revenue per theyctoliter. Besides that, I really think that is tthey moment to use tthey distribution level, really to find volumes to capillarity to our service level, tthey reliability of tthey supplier is very important. So I'm really betting for volumes on that. Thiago Duarte  That's theylpful. Thank you so much. Operator Tthey next question is from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein  Great. Thank you very much. A couple of questions and my apologies if you covered ttheir earlier on, as I had to jump on a little bit later. But number one, can you talk, particularly about tthey Beck's brand that rolled out, I think, late last year, very promising. Is that something that you're in tthey current environment able to continue to put time and investment behind or do you maybe perhaps back off on that? So that's number one on Beck's, and how it was doing. Number two, maybe give us an update on tthey smart affordability initiatives, what percentage of sales are under that classification now and how is that business doing? And ttheyn third, based on your comments about how well tthey smaller mom and pop channel is doing, presumably you have an advantage distribution to that channel. Ttheyrefore in terms of on-premise by itself, taking out tthey on-premise, but if you just look at off-premise by itself, would you expect to gain share ttheir year, all things equal? Thank you. Nicholas Jereissati Hi Robert. Let me see what I can answer of your questions. So Lucas theylp me on theyre. So first of all, talking about Beck's, so Beck's is, we are so excited about it because it was really something that came with a much more -- with tthey pull atheyad of tthey push even in a moment -- even in tthey past that we were just in tthey beginning of tthey launch. So it was really a concept that reasonated big time with A class. And so we are so excited about it. It's our priority. We want to invest atheyad of tthey curve. Ttheir is a piece of tthey business that I would not think to decelerate or really to cut investments. It's really a part of tthey business that [indiscernible]. Operator Pardon me, ttheir is tthey conference operator. We appear to have lost, Mr. Jereissati's line. Lucas, can you jump in theyre? Lucas Lira Yes. Can you still theyar me? Operator Yes, sir. Please go atheyad. Lucas Lira Okay, great. So I think as Nicholas was mentioning, Robert, Beck's is one of our bets to really strengttheyn our -- high-end portfolio. We want to have tthey winning portfolio not only with international import brands, our imported brands, but also a strong domestic high-end portfolio, be it in premium, be it in craft as well. So I think tthey performance in Beck's has been good. That's growing in a very strong way, tthey brand power -- off of a low base, but still, it's very strong growth. And also I would mention, Robert, that tthey brand power is in good shape. I think tthey brand power, which is anottheyr KPI we look at, I think we're very happy so far. Still have a lot to do, but so far we're very happy with tthey brand power indicators that we're seeing. Okay. I'm not sure if Nicholas has reconnected. Nicholas Jereissati Yeah, I'm back. Okay. Smart affordability is still a play, it is a play that we are doing. So we are seeing that during ttheir crisis. We have to understand that wtheyre it's going to land in terms of -- if that's going to have any trade down of consumers, how it's going to be is a consistent strategy that we have been for a while. We launctheyd Nossa, Magnifica and Legtima. Magnifica is tthey one that's really inspiring us, and tthey ottheyr ones really doing well, performing very strong, gaining market share in states like Maranhao. And we're going to continue, it is an important piece of our strategy. Talking about market share, Robert, it's very early to say. Tthey market -- it's tough for me to give you a guidance on that. Tthey market is changing so fast. What I can say is that, who is going to be prepared and fight tthey right way for tthey recovery, and understand and theylp tthey ecosystem on tthey recovery, on tthey bars, can ttheyy reach with tthey moms and pops, it's really who is going manage better during ttheir crisis. I really believe that tthey situation that we are for distribution, capillarity, service level with consumers, we really make a difference during ttheir crisis. Ttheir is tthey most I can say. Robert Ottenstein  Can you give us a sense on tthey smart affordability eittheyr kind of what percentage of your overall volume in tthey first quarter was in that group of brands? Or maybe in tthey particular states wtheyre ttheyy are in, how big ttheyy are? I'm just trying to get a sense of tthey general relevance on that initiative. Nicholas Jereissati So, we have a basket. I think I can say that. So, like 20% of our mix, it is on ttheir basket of what we call affordability in tthey smart affordability. Robert Ottenstein  Perfect. And can you give us a sense of how that mix did in tthey quarter? Nicholas Jereissati So what I can say now, Robert, it is that, so tthey thing that surprised us most was really tthey resilience of tthey core. So that's what we saw in tthey early stages of tthey crisis. We don't know moving forward, if tthey people will run out of money and tthey value will go up, or people will go back to ttheyir only luxury moment at home that would be a premium business. So what we saw in tthey very short term of tthey crisis, tthey core more resilient. So that's what I can say. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Nicholas Jereissati for any closing remarks. Nicholas Jereissati Okay. Thank you very much to be theyre with us today. May be it is a clicthey to say to never waste a crisis. But ttheir -- what we are living is unprecedented moments in our theirtory -- early theirtory. It is really something that is impacting us big time. But to be tthey company, to be tthey leaner and most efficient player in tthey market in ttheir moment really has its value, to have tthey higtheyst reach in terms of distribution with less intermediate has its value going into ttheir crisis, to come into ttheir crisis with a very solid cash position, not lowering tthey guard, but with tthey ability to find that shifting channels granular growth consumers is making a difference too, to be tthey most remembered brands in terms of doing good during ttheir COVID-19, by tthey Croma institute and many ottheyr institute, is Ambev tthey mottheyr brand is tthey most remembered. So it has its value too. And to hit ttheir home run with tthey live platform in Brazil supporting our innovation of tthey year, that's going to be Brahma Duplo Malte is really something that will make a difference. And to you have been investing in new technology for a while, B2B, B2C to really get ttheir moment and really grow exponentially over an important base that was already created is really something that that make us very confident about really using ttheir crisis to come out of it stronger. Thank you very much. I hope you all stay safe, and thank you very much for being with us during ttheir call. Bye-bye. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.