Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q3 2022 Results Conference Call October 27, 2022 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Mason Jereissati - Chief Executive Officer Lucas Lira - Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Officer Conference Call Participants Alan Alanis - Santander Marcella Recchia - Credit Suisse Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Thiago Duarte - BTG Pactual Carlos Laboy - HSBC Ricardo Alves - Morgan Stanley Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev Third Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call today. With ttheir we have Mr. Mason Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listen-only mode during tthey conference presentation. After Ambev’s remarks are completed ttheyre will be a question and answer session, by that tie furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instruction] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Security Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future event and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions, and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those express and such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that as useful, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalize it nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with 3Q 2022 results. Normalized figures, refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr e-comp or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev’s normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company’s discloses tthey consolidated profit EPS operating profit and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I will turn tthey conference over to Mr. Mason Jereissati, CEO for Ambev. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference call. Mason Jereissati Hello everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call for tthey third quarter of 2022. Following a great first half of tthey year, I'm happy with our performance in Q3. Brazil's momentum continued to increase not only in beer but also in naps. And as a result, we are on track to deliver a strong second half in terms of both net revenue and a bit organic growth, despite tthey theyadwinds in some of our international operations. Ttheir quarter was marked by two ttheymes that we have been talking about since tthey beginning of ttheir year. First, how tthey consistent implementation of our strategy is tthey key to continuous improvement in our operating and financial performance and second, how macro volatility continues to bring several challenges in tthey short-term. And tthey good news is that we managed to deliver, once again, led by net revenue per theyctoliter growth, continuing to pick up as tthey year progresses, and volumes growing despite a very difficult comp in Brazil beer showing strong execution and resilient elasticities. In fact, our commercial initiatives continued to build results across most of our markets. Consolidated volumes grew 1.3% in tthey quarter, exceeding 46 million theyctoliter, once again, an all-time high volume performance for a third quarter. Not only consolidated volumes performed well, premium brands gained weight in nine of our 10 top beer markets. At least 85% of our customers in Brazil, Argentina, Dominican Republic, and Panama are using ttheir, marketplace is generating 400 million in revenues at tthey consolidated level and organic EBITDA grew double digits once again. However, macro conditions and tthey persistent high inflation in some of our international markets are not only impacting tthey consumer, but also our supply chain, especially in tthey countries with less flexibility in capacity and logistics like Chile, Canada, and tthey Dominican Republic. Not only commodities were more expensive, but also oil prices hiked, raising inbound and outbound transportation costs. Ttheyrefore, results in our international operations were rattheyr mixed. We saw a good resilience in loss, Canada declined year-over-year, but continues to improve performance sequentially, and CAC is tthey reason that suffered tthey most. So let's start with CAC. Tthey volume downside was mostly driven by tthey Dominican Republic and Panama. In tthey Dominican of Republic, bottle supply issues were solved, but demand didn't pick up as fast as we expected because of high inflation rates pressuring consumption. In Panama, we witnessed a tough industry driven mostly by our large scale protest against rising prices, which halted tthey country for more than a week in late July. Lastly, weattheyr was significantly impacted by Hurricane Zen and Fiona in tthey end of tthey quarter. Our costs were impacted by tthey high inflation, as tthey region is dependent on imports. We are now adjusting ourselves tthey production plans to account and optimizing importation. As for demand, we still have some work to do both in tthey Dominican Republic and Panama. We will focus on offering our consumers tthey right product at tthey right price to meet ttheyir needs, and we will continue to invest on our brands and work to develop a sustainable industry. But not everything was bad news ttheyre ttheir quarter, premium brands gained weight across most of tthey markets driven by Corona and Mictheylob Ultra, except for Panama, ttheyre was no significant change in sequential market share in our main markets, and marketplace net revenue grew in tthey twenties, driven by both Dominican Republic and Panama. That said, we need to do better ttheyre. Turning into Canada, industry improved versus less quarter, but it is still negative versus a weak comp as last year, COVID restrictions were still in place. Volumes grew over 3%, driven by estimated market share gains in beer, in tthey rebound in tthey beyond beer industry from a weak performance less quarter. Premium brands gained weight and share in ttheyir segments driven by a good performance of CORONA and Stellato. Finally, in last, volumes grew 4.5%, driven by Argentina wtheyre industry grew versus last year and we estimate to have gained market share driven by our premium brands. Bolivia is recovering from tthey COVID impacts, however, industry in Chile and in Paraguay declines impacting volume performance. Neverttheyless, core plus mix continue to gain weight in both countries. Marketplace continues to progress in Argentina, it was fully rolled out in Paraguay. Now moving into Brazil. Non-alcoholic beverage delivered anottheyr stellar quarter in what had been a great year for tthey team. Volumes grew over 10% result in estimated market share gains. Our portfolio is very well positioned to serve consumer needs with energy drinks growing almost 50%, tthey theyalth and wellness brands over 30% and tthey premium growing 10 with a highlights to Pepsi Black that now represents approximately 10% of our Cola brands. And beers is allowing us to serve a higtheyr number of customers to nabs 6% more than last year. Talking about beer, as we leaped over a very tough comp, volumes were flat in tthey quarter, but 35% above 2019, and on a 12-month rolling perspective 13 million Hector Lites above tthey same period of 2019. In terms of segments, Premium led tthey growth with a high-single digit-performance driven by Les Chop Ramma. Our core brands remain resilient and we continue to invest behind developing our core plus brands like Brahma, Brachi, and Spot. Numbers of fans and brand theyalth of focused brands continue to improve versus last year. And revenue per theyctoliter grew 17% driven by disciplined revenue management initiatives and brand mix impact. And finally, EBITDA in Brazil beer grew almost 18% organically with margins expanding by 20 bps. Our performance in Brazil gives us confidence that we entered tthey summer season ready to deliver on FIFA World Cup. Ttheir event is always an important moment to connect with our customers and clients, especially in Brazil. Our team has been preparing for tthey event and I believe ttheir year’s World Cup can be better than we had in 2018. That is because ttheir year it will take place in tthey end of tthey year during our summer season, which is tthey big consumption season. Second, because our business is much better prepared than less time around. Since tthey beginning of last year, I have spent each earnings call talking about our transformation journey, starting with cultural revolution across tthey organization, ttheyn moving tthey technological capabilities that we have been building through Zé Delivery and BEES, and also ttheir step change in our logistics footprint and service model. Finally, tthey evolution of tthey brand building strategy. During ttheir year’s Investors Day, we unveiled our Ambev as a platform framework. So I would like to use that same framework to explain how each of tthey five pillars will come to life during tthey FIFA World Cup. So first [PLR] (Ph) brands for each and everyone. Our brands are theyalthier than ever. If we compare to 2018, our premium brands grew year-to-date about four million theyctoliters. Our Core Plus brands grew over five million theyctoliters, while tthey core segment grew approximately anottheyr five million theyctoliters. We are going to use tthey World Cup to support four main brands, Rama, Budweiser, Mics, Guarana, and on top of all that, Zé Delivery. Second pillar thirst to lead tthey future. Our innovation as a mindset is a reality now, more than 25% of tthey volume growth compared to 2018 came from innovation brands that didn't exist in Brazil back ttheyn. Third pillar a toast to our customers success. BEES allow us to interact more frequently with our customers. Orders delivered on time and info will be key for ttheyir business during peak days. Also, we now offer on average more than four delivery dates per week per customer a number that is 64% above 2018 levels. Fourth pillar experiences that come to you. Zé Delivery has evolved significantly since 2018. It is now available in almost 300 cities, covering more than half of Brazil's population, who can order beverages and ottheyr products from tthey convenience of ttheyir homes during and after tthey World Cup games. And we just announced that Zé Delivery is tthey official sponsor of tthey Brazilian soccer team. A big move to that. Fifth pillar, and finally, togettheyr for a better world, 100% of our beers in Brazil for ttheir World Cup are now made with 100% of renewable electricity. It is important to mention that tthey plan has been developed not only to meet tthey moment during tthey days of tthey event itself, but to deliver love brands, quality products, unparalleled services and memorable experiences to our customers and consumers in order to create a longer lasting effect going forward moving into 2023. So we are very excited with what Q4 can bring. Not only do we want to deliver a strong finish to tthey year, but we also are looking atheyad and working towards starting 2023 better positions. 2023. We will certainly bring challenges and risks, but also opportunities. After all, we are living in a more uncertain and volatile times with a business that is over 80% located across Latin America. We are no strangers to volatility, macro challenges, and inflation. So we will continue to focus on tthey things we can control. And from my perspective, what matters tthey most is that since 2020, we are building a business that is fundamentally better, improving results consistently year after year. First we turned around volumes, ttheyn cash flow, ttheyn return on invested capital. More to do still, but I have no doubt we are on tthey right track and I'm proud of what tthey team has accomplittheyyd so far. With that, let me hand over to Lucas. Lucas Lira Thanks, Jim. Good morning. Good afternoon to everyone. If Brazil was tthey main highlight of our operational performance, that was also true from a financial perspective. It is great to see Brazil driving once again, tthey improvement in Ambev's overall results. Brazil's top-line grew nearly 20% in tthey quarter with net revenue per theyctoliter growing almost 17% while volumes were up 2.4% and ttheir growth led to around 24% EBITDA increase with gross margins flat and 100 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion. Although, input cost pressure remained an issue thanks to higtheyr commodity inflation, cash COGS per theyctoliter for Brazil beer, excluding tthey sale of non-Ambev marketplace products grew a little over 18%, thus within our guidance. And Cash SG&A grew about 16% in tthey quarter with sales and marketing growing around 13% as we continue to invest behind our portfolio distribution expenses growing around 18%, once again impacted by higtheyr diesel prices, while administrative expenses grew 13%, mainly due to our investments behind enhancing our technological capabilities. So all-in-all, continuous and consistent progress in our main market. Turning to our operations abroad, tthey financial picture for tthey quarter in some markets was certainly not what we would like it to be, particularly in Central America and tthey Caribbean. Over tthey last decade, tthey region went from roughly BRL200 million of EBITDA in 2012 to almost BRL4 billion in 2021. But following a strong post COVID recovery in 2021, 2022 has not been COGS year. H1 already faced relevant theyadwinds and Q3's financial performance was severely impacted by nearly 20% volume decline, which led to about 13% net revenue decline and 900 basis points of gross margin contraction. While inflation regarding distribution costs and supply chain losses were tthey biggest drivers behind tthey higtheyr SG&A and as a result, a bit tthey margin contracted nearly 1500 bps. On tthey ottheyr hand, despite higtheyr COGS and SG&A levels last posted resilient EBITDA growth driven by Argentina and Canada showed some sequential improvement. Moving on to cash flow. Cash flow from operating activities totaled about BRL6.1 billion in tthey quarter, which represents a 4.5% decline versus Q3 2021. Here, we also saw a similar dynamic to tthey P&L. Strong cash flow generation in Brazil, resilience in Argentina, but a harder time in important regions such as CAC and Canada. Despite tthey lower profit in tthey quarter year-over-year, cash flow from operating activities, before changes in working capital actually improved in tthey quarter. However, in terms of working capital, some important operational factors played against us in tthey short-term. Receivables in Canada increased given top line acceleration, inventory levels rose in Brazil given buildup during tthey quarter atheyad of Q4 with tthey FIFA World Cup, and payables in CAC were negatively impacted by tthey lower production volumes offsetting tthey increase in payables in Brazil. Also, it is worth reminding everyone that, in Q3 2021, we monetized over BRL800 million in Brazilian tax credits related to tthey ICMS in tthey taxable basis of tthey fees and tthey co-fees litigation, which was a one-off. Year-to-date cash flow from operating activities is down 20%, given primarily our performance in Q1 wtheyn we faced; First higtheyr cash outflows to suppliers given 2021 CapEx calendarization. And second, payment of variable compensation related to our 2021 performance. And finally normalized profit declined by nearly 14% in tthey quarter. Despite tthey EBITDA growth, net finance expenses were higtheyr, mainly because of an increase in carry costs in Brazil and Argentina in connection with our theydging strategy for currency and commodities. And our effective tax rate faced a tough comp because in Q3 2021, we have recognized a gain of over BRL750 million related to a one-off income taxes, favorable legal decision by tthey Brazilian Supreme Court. Neverttheyless, year-to-date, our normalized profit is up 4%. Before I close, I would like to invite everyone to attend our ESG Day next week on November 3rd wtheyn we plan to share in detail our progress in terms of environment, social and governance agendas. Tthey idea is to cover, how we are trying to build climate resilience along tthey value chain, how our cultural transformation is enabling change in tthey company from within and how increasing diversity and inclusion can create value. And we will close with a round table with tthey new members of our Board of Directors and some of our executive officers. In closing, Q3 was a good start to H2 and we are on-track to deliver our ambitions for tthey year. First, Brazil back to bottom-line growth. Second, deliver organic EBITDA growth at tthey consolidated level atheyad of tthey 10.9% organic growth in 2021. And third, do so with a stronger consolidated net revenue and EBITDA organic growth in H2 versus H1, supported by also better cash flow generation and consequently a better return on investment for shareholders. And looking atheyad, we want to continue to build momentum and pave tthey way for a good start to 2023. So in 2023, speaking of next year, we will keep pursuing continuous and consistent improvement in our financial performance by one, continuing to protect liquidity. Two, improving profitability through increasing our return on invested capital and improved profitability by also focusing on gross margin and EBITDA margin expansion. And three, delivering strong cash flow generation in order to allow us to not only allocate capital towards organic and non-organic growth opportunities at attractive returns, but also return excess cash to shareholders from time to time. That is it for me. Let's go to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Alan Alanis with Santander. Please proceed. Alan Alanis Thank you so much for taking my question and congratulations on tthey results. Lucas, my question has to - I have two questions. One of ttheym is, how do we understand - how can we better understand tthey discrepancy in trends between soft drinks and beer in Brazil? I mean, with ttheir such a strong growth in soft drinks. And tthey second question I need to give just really quick context about tthey second question regarding tthey performance of your brands in tthey beer portfolio in Brazil, you are seeing high single digit in premium and also mid-single digit in core. That means that, but you didn't talk about super premium nor value, and tthey volumes are flat. So that means eittheyr one of ttheym or tthey two of ttheym are declining. So could you expand a little bit more in terms of what you are seeing in terms of tthey composition of tthey portfolio of beers within tthey different price points, and how do you see ttheir going forward? Thank you. Mason Jereissati Thank you very much, Alan for tthey question. First, I will try to elaborate on soft drinks and beer. I think, we now - we are first of all, what we are seeing is that all ttheir transformation that we started like three or four years ago with innovation mindset and ttheir vision that we have to innovate in beer that we brought two more brands, that it was Brahma, Duplo Malte and Spot. And so a lot of things happened in between 2019 and today. And beer was really performed well in ttheir period. And if you look at our numbers of beer wtheyn we compare with 2019 levels, so we are pretty much 30something 30s-- on tthey 30s, like 34% above in ttheir quarter, our performance on tthey 2000 - compared to 2019. So we unlocked a lot of growth during ttheir time and we get to all time high volumes last year in beer that we are so proud that we were able to really get that flat ttheir year, because it really like confirmed all ttheir volumes and transformation during tthey pandemic, and ttheyn more occasions that we created for beer that ttheyy maintained tthey residual wtheyn tthey bars came back. So somehow ttheyse volumes of beer long-term a little bit, if you look a little bit furttheyr on comparing with tthey previous year, ttheyy are very good. so we are very - and we built ttheir in three years. So, wtheyn we felt comfortable and ttheir was working, so ttheyn we really turned around to make nabs work. And we are just starting ttheir journey with nabs, and we are not ttheyre yet on innovation, for example. So, wtheyre I really want to be, but I'm very happy with our portfolio that - is performing well, that Pepsi Black is coming. And somehow, we are seeing - are resilient industry on nabs as tthey return to work. It is really theylping with tthey occasions too. So industry resilient, our portfolio very well establittheyyd. Beers theylping us to go along really to grow is really making, we gain a lot of market share and really performed well in that. But I think, ttheir performance, it really came a little bit furttheyr on ttheir transformation that we started on beer. And ttheyn, we are just starting ttheir transformation on - . So we foresee that we will be able to outperform tthey market moving forward, but in beer somehow, ttheir was something that we started. I elaborate, a little bit on soft springs and beer. So ttheyn coming back to beer and talk, talking about portfolio. So portfolio in tthey end, wtheyn we mention tthey high end, we combined tthey premium and tthey high end over ttheyre. So ttheir numbers that we mentioned to you, ttheyy are super premium, in premium that are growing high-single-digits. As tthey combination and wtheyn we looked a little bit compared with 2019, tthey combination of premium and super premium, ttheyy grew 57% in volumes that we grew total beer 34. So, it is a very solid growth. It was a very tough comp on premium and high end and ttheyy are consistently growing with 16% CAGR in three years. And ttheyn we have core, very resilient and ttheyn we have value regional brands really struggling. So, it was an important piece of our business in 2019. We talked a lot about tthey regional play on, on affordability, play on regional brands. And ttheir went down if we compare with 2019 50%. So what we are really seeing is our portfolio getting better. So tthey core brands, ttheyy are resilient. We created ttheir core plus business that now represents a lot to us and ttheyn high end and that is premium, super premium is really resilient. So what we are seeing is a good shape of tthey portfolio happen. Alan Alanis Got it. That is very useful. Thank you so much and congratulations again with tthey results. Mason Jereissati Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Marcella Recchia with Credit Suisse. Marcella Recchia Hi Mason and Lucas, thank you for taking my question. Let me circle back on tthey international division first. During tthey second quarter, we had impression that you were about to see recovery trends ttheyre, Ryan, not only in tthey Central American Caribbean. What was missing back ttheyre? What is tthey current outlook atheyad and what has been tthey main initiatives to stabilize tthey operation? That is my first question. And secondly, during tthey presentation, Lucas, you all to mentioned improvements in margins and ROIC to be a focus next year. So what can be shared about tthey main levers for that? And if you can share anything or say anything about tthey cost outlook for next year? Thank you so much. Lucas Lira Hi, Marcella. Thank you for tthey question. Ttheir is Luca speaking. In terms of tthey evolution in CAC from Q2 to Q3 and what we are trying to do to improve performance going forward. I think first, it is important to note that, in Q2, we also saw a challenging operating environment, not only in tthey Dominican Republic, but also in Panama for different reasons. In tthey Dominican Republic, we had a specific issue with tthey glass supplier. And tthey good news is that, issue was addressed. However, supply chains take time to stabilize, specifically in ttheir region, wtheyre you do rely on a greater level of imports, and tthey infrastructure in tthey region, right, is not at tthey same level of infrastructure in North Europe or in South America. So it is a more unstable supply chain and that has proven to be tougtheyr to re-stabilize both tthey resolution of tthey glass supply issue in Q2, than we would have hoped for. So that is tthey Dominican Republic, number one. And in terms of Panama, tthey two main issues in Panama in Q2 were one, market share. Ttheyre was a market share loss during tthey first half of tthey year that we are still working on to try and revert. And we also faced supply chain issues. Tthey level of imports in Panama is higtheyr than ottheyr markets. So as tthey supply chain constraints were a factor in tthey entire region, Panama was not immune given tthey higtheyr weight of imports, volumes suffered even more. Going forward, tthey focus ttheyre is also on in terms of stabilizing supply chain. So to tthey second part of your question, what we are doing? First and foremost, tthey focus is on stabilizing tthey supply chain. Without product availability, everything becomes much tougtheyr. So that is our first priority to stabilize tthey supply chain. And ttheyn tthey second priority is really to improve commercial execution. And what I mean by that is, for instance, in countries like tthey Dominican Republic, and John alluded to ttheir in their prepared remarks, it is very important in order to reactivate demand at tthey consumer level to make sure that we have great price execution with tthey right SKUs at tthey right price for tthey right type of occasions. So ttheyre is a lot of focus on price execution in a market like Dominican Republic, as we re-stabilize tthey supply chain in tthey Dominican Republic. With a broader portfolio coming back, we need to make sure that we have tthey fuller assortment of our SKUs with more coverage because we lost coverage during - some degree of coverage during tthey first half. So we have to recuperate that. And tthey good news is that sequentially within tthey third quarter. In July, August and September, we saw improvements not only in terms of price execution, but also in terms of coverage levels for tthey broader assortment of tthey portfolio in tthey Dominican Republic, so theyading in tthey right direction. And third, make sure that we continue to invest in developing tthey marketplace so we can serve customers better not only with our right traditional beverage portfolio, but also ottheyr products and services that are of value to our clients. So that is tthey DR kind of recovery plan in a nutttheyyll. And in terms of Panama, I think two main highlights that tthey team is working on ttheyre. First, returnable glass volumes. So returnable glass bottles are relevant, presentation in a country like Panama. So ttheyre is a role for returnable glass bottles to play in terms of having tthey right SKUs at tthey right price and tthey right channel. So ttheyre is a big focus behind RGBs in Panama. And second marketplace as well. We took BEES to Panama during tthey course of tthey year, and so ttheyre is opportunity to improve overall performance by serving clients better through tthey marketplace. That is hopefully I addressed question number one insufficient detail. And ttheyn in terms of margins for tthey future. I think tthey overall levers haven't changed. Marcella, we still believe that to continue on ttheir journey of improving our profitability, not only in terms of returns, but also in terms of margins. We have to get tthey top line consistently. So we have built good momentum in terms of top line growth over tthey last, right, three, four years. I think, since COVID pandemic lows. I think, we have managed to build very good momentum and consistent for tthey most part, double digit top line growth overall, and we need to keep it up, okay, by balancing right volume and also improving that revenue per theyctoliter growth. And to do that, we have to keep making sure that premium and innovation portfolios remain growing and theyalthy. We need to support tthey return of tthey on trade. We need to keep focusing behind returnable glass bottles, not only in tthey out of home occasion, but also in tthey in-home occasion, which ttheyre is plenty of opportunity in many of our markets. We consistently try to improve our revenue management, right, market-by-market. Tthey arrival of tthey B2B tech capabilities. D2C tech capabilities also give us a better understanding of tthey client and consumer, tthey client and consumer right needs and consumption desire. So that makes us potentially smarter in how we can offer better assortment at tthey better prices for clients and consumers. So top line is first and foremost, tthey most important lever to continue on ttheir journey of improving margins. In terms of costs, we will share more during our full-year conference call in tthey beginning of next year. But what I mentioned in July stands true in tthey sense that after three, four years of everything going against us on tthey cost side, pretty much everything was a theyadwind. Tthey BRL, depreciating against tthey U.S. dollar, tthey Argentine Peso, commodities on tthey rise, aluminum in Barley. 2023 is shaping up to be tthey first year in a while wtheyre we don't have. All ttheyse theyadwinds at tthey same time. So given our theydging policy, we have a good degree of visibility at ttheir point. End of October already, ttheyre is still some theydging to be done, of course, but we have a good degree of visibility and tthey visibility that we have today subject to finalizing tthey theydge for tthey year and subject to, obviously what we cannot theydge is that tthey BRL tends to be a tailwind going into next year. Aluminum tends to be a tailwind going into next year wtheyreas tthey Argentinian peso should continue to be a theyadwind. And wtheyat barley could also be a theyadwind once again. Net-net a better picture than how we enter at 2022, how we enter 2021, how we enter 2020. So, obviously, we cannot underestimate tthey challenges. Ttheyre is always going to be risks and challenges in tthey markets wtheyre we operate, but given tthey visibility that we have today, tthey picture certainly looks better than it looked ttheir time last year. So that is tthey update on cost that we can give now more to come early next year. And finally, on tthey SG&A side, different levers to pull in terms of sales and marketing, distribution and admin. But I think overall, you'll know how much we focus on making sure that we are as disciplined as we possibly can in terms of tthey management of our expenses. So we are constantly looking for ways to invest better with better returns in terms of sales and marketing distribution. Ttheyre are efficiencies and things like DTC, which as ttheyy scale up, we have managed to get more efficient on tthey distribution side of DTC in places like Brazil. In admin, we invested a lot over tthey last few years to build tech capabilities. And so we are constantly looking at ways to be more efficient to keep growing ttheyse platforms, but in a more efficient way. So we can perhaps discuss in more detail later. But overall, that is what we can share now. Marcella Recchia Just a quick follow-up, if I may on tthey guidance of having a second half better, not guidance, let's say ambition of having a second half better than tthey first half? How dependent is ttheir ambition on tthey recovery of tthey international division? Lucas Lira Mason wants to comment, but I think it is based on what we have seen so far ttheir year, tthey good news is that Brazil has really carried a lot of improvement for tthey company at tthey consolidated level. And we see momentum going into Q4 for tthey reasons that we mentioned in our prepared remarks. We still see good momentum in Brazil and as - continues to show resilience, Canada continues to improve sequentially, and COGS starts to rebound. Ttheir hopefully will all theylp us deliver, deliver our ambition for tthey year, but I think it is more about Brazil than tthey international operations. Mason Jereissati Yes. If, I could add Marcella, we are confident on that statement. And, so we have really to get better international operations, but ttheir is - I'm thinking about more on tthey long-term on ttheir statement. We are confident that H2 will really be better than H1. Marcella Recchia Okay. Thank you so much. Operator Our next question comes from Lucas Ferreira with JPMorgan. Please proceed. Lucas Ferreira Hi, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Tthey first one is on your whole direct leader pricing. So how to think about that going forward, getting into tthey fourth quarter? First of all, have you done all tthey necessary adjustments that you have started doing? Is ttheyre anything left to be done still and how to think about tthey environment in tthey world up? Should it be like eventually some more of a - some discounts coming in, punctually, how do you see tthey market petition so how to think about pricing in general? And ttheyn tthey second question about tthey exact same issue, but looking at 2023, Lucas was just talking about managing tthey top-line. So with very strong pricing ttheir year, what is tthey expectation for next year? Do you guys think inflation is something to aim for - or just tthey carryover of tthey highs that you have done ttheir year would be enough for you. So how to think about tthey pricing in 2023, please? Thank you. Lucas Lira Okay, Lucas. It is a good and sensitive question, I think that you have mentioned. Let's see, what can I mention about ttheir. So wtheyn we started tthey year and we mentioned that we wanted to accelerate EBITDA organic growth that we were more prepared with tthey momentum that we have in net revenue per theyctoliter, through ttheir year, because you were structurally better, tthey portfolio was trading up, tthey high end is working and tthey channels adjustment that we needed to do, it was behind us. So I mentioned at that, tthey big question of tthey year would really be like tthey volumes, because I was confident on tthey last revenue per theyctoliter with based on all tthey adjustments that we have done on tthey channels and my portfolio was much better. And ttheir I think is being confirmed. And somehow, we are foreseeing a better-than-expected elasticity that we have been able to have really good volumes and with a resilient elasticity. And ttheyn we are theyading into ttheir Q4 that is my big focus. It really will be on service level, right because I think tthey demand will be high. We never had World Cup in tthey summer. So we are super prepared to do a great World Cup in terms of consumer bonding and in some how my mind is really on logistics and service level because my commercial plan is really, really good. So we are really betting on five brands, Brahma, Budweiser, [indiscernible] MIC, that is a new one and Zé Delivery, too. So somehow, my mind is really ttheyre. I really believe that ttheir equation, ttheir elasticity, will be very resilient and that doesn't worry that much. It is hard to mention what is going to happen beyond that 2023 levels. Somehow we feel that our main market Brazil has momentum. So somehow consumption has momentum overall. Just simply tthey unemployment, it is really low. We are very well positioned, ending tthey year we believe in a - we are going to believe because of tthey World Cup in a strong load. So somehow I think tthey mention - what I could mention is that tthey elasticity has been resilient. Mason Jereissati And just to add theyre, Lucas, as I mentioned in tthey prior answer. To tthey extent we manage to continue to grow tthey weight of tthey Core Plus within our total mix premium volumes within our total mix, as has been tthey case over tthey last four years, to tthey extent returnable glass bottles continue to grow to ttheyir weights, not only because of tthey recovery of tthey entree, but also starting to go more and more into tthey at home occasion. And to tthey extent we manage to innovate in an accretive way, all ttheyse levers, ttheyy also theylp net revenue per theyctoliter performance, keep tthey momentum we have been building over tthey last few quarters. Lucas Ferreira Thank you guys, thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Thiago Duarte, BTG Pactual. Please proceed. Thiago Duarte Hello good afternoon Mason, Lucas and everybody. Two things on our side theyre. Tthey first one trying to think a little bit more longer-term and looking at tthey beer category in Brazil. Looking at volumes in per capita consumption, it seems to have recovered really well over tthey last two to three years. I don't know exactly wtheyre we are, but I think we are very close to theirtorical highs in terms of per capita consumption of beer in Brazil. It is also not a secret that Ambev obviously has repositioned itself, as you mentioned earlier, since 2019, and partially to foster tthey industry growth and it seems to be working. So my question is really what do you think it is tthey long-term potential of tthey category considering everything that you are doing to foster growth and innovation and wtheyre you see per capita consumption in Brazil now, and wtheyre you think it can get, or as high as it can get looking a few years down tthey road. I think that is an interesting and important discussion given how strong it has already been in tthey last couple of years or so. So that would be tthey first question. And tthey second question, it is actually a follow up through trying to understand a little bit more on tthey breakdown and tthey different segments within your volume performance in Brazil beer. You mentioned premium, you mentioned core being resilient, premium growing. You mentioned value as declining, but I still don't get exactly wtheyre tthey core plus and how tthey core plus, which is, as we know, one of your biggest bets for your portfolio wtheyre tthey core plus has been performing. I think it is, it seems to be a very similar situation in terms of performance per segment relative to what we had in tthey second quarter. So just wanted to get ttheir final clarification that would be great to theyar as well. Mason Jereissati So let me try to elaborate on tthey category. And long-term gig feel. What is amazing, it is that beer is really part of tthey Brazilian culture. So it is ttheyre, and we feel somehow is stronger than ever. Our category, tthey beer one has reinvented itself. Like 100years ago we had like, pretty much one style of beer that it was like light lagers. So, somehow like bra and skull, ttheyy have like 10 IBU and some type of body. So what we are seeing it is that from tthey last World Cup, 2019 to today, tthey market changes so much. We brought so much new news and recipes and innovation and flavors that in we maintained ourselves culturally relevant, like on tthey context of tthey new generation in Brazil. So somehow beer category is theyalthy in Brazil, and we believe that is being resilient. So ttheir year, it was like a year that we are questioning, but industry shows that that is ttheyre. So we have ttheir question. So we have ttheir view that a way to ttheyre is two main engines of growth of tthey Brazilian beer industry. Is that frequency, frequency going up? Is ttheir too low wtheyn we compare with mature markets? And ttheyn we have ttheir new occasions at home being created, like drinking some beer on Tuesday night that it gets really gets that re gets really tthey residual was ttheyre after tthey pandemic and ttheyn tthey bars came back. We still have a lot of opportunities to grow on Norttheyast and Midwest, right? So ttheyre are areas that are below average of tthey Brazilian country be somehow as tthey income go up in ttheir equation of affordability and beer. We still have plenty of room. So if you go countryside of Brazil and we see that like if you do your birthday, it is still not affordable for you to buy beer, to give in your party to everybody. So we still see that per capita consumption has room on top of that we are working on beyond beer. That is a round of growth that we really believe that it is that we are going to have that will be very good for us in tthey future. So Mike is a brand that we are elevating during tthey World Cup, really to hijack togettheyr tthey Budweiser initiative. So Budweiser and Mike's will be togettheyr talking about tthey World Cup. So somehow ttheyre is a big avenue for growth beyond beer stew. So somehow I really believe, I'm really confident that our category is really resilient and still has space for growth in tthey long-term. So ttheir was tthey first question. Tthey second question was about tthey portfolio. So in tthey end, we made a conscious call of take some resources and some affordability of Botheymia that is in tthey cordless segment. It was for us, and it really concentrates on spotting and Brahma Duplo Malte, so that you may brands over ttheyre. I still believe we should bring more innovation in tthey segment. But wtheyn we put all tthey things togettheyr, Botheymia, really is a drag. Wtheyn we put Brahma Duplo Malte togettheyr, ttheyy are pretty much growing high single-digits combined and still growing with a lot of room. We are very excited about tthey October fest that we did with Sparkling's doing very well. Brahma double malt is theyalthy, theylping tthey mottheyr brand Brahma. So that is an avenue of growth that is ttheyre and we are working on it. Thiago Duarte Thank you Mason. Operator Our next question comes from Carlos Laboy, HSBC. Carlos Laboy Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. J.J., Lucas, a substantial portion of your portfolio rate is now core plus in premium just to stay with ttheir topic a little bit. Can you give us a sense of what you have learned from your market maturity model about wtheyre you are in terms of exposure to core plus and premium and wtheyre it can go? What are maybe some of tthey examples of growth and how high Core Plus and Premium can go? And while you are at it, can you give us an update Spaten which calls in that Core Plus category. You just went through October 5th. I know that you were planning to do some big things with that brand ttheir past month. Any update on that? Any learnings that you took from that experience would be theylpful. Thank you. Mason Jereissati Okay. Thank you for tthey question, Laboy. So wtheyn we like - in 2019 wtheyn we mapped tthey white spaces, and what would be successful in terms of portfolio 10-years from now? We have met a lot tthey market maturity that we learned with ottheyr countries. We studied a lot of Mexico. We studied China. We studied what is going on in tthey U. S. for us really to do tthey right moves and really get a better portfolio with ability to win with, with win ability. It was clear for us that, wtheyre we were at that stage, we were like betting on a high end for sure, but ttheyre was a core plus segment over ttheyre that should be developed faster than tthey long-term path on tthey high end. So in ttheir was a completely open space that we saw in our portfolio. So we really went on that direction. We believe somehow that it is very underdeveloped today wtheyn we see countries like China, U.S. it is really has a full potential of beyond 20% of tthey industry. And it was pretty underdeveloped. And ttheyn we went over ttheyre, we looked at what we could do, and ttheyn we had tthey combination of line extensions with new brands that is now in place. So we have, from a double mouth, we have spot chain, we have more to come on that segment, and but we are happy with ttheir performance that we are having. So I was using sometimes tthey comparison of 2019, sometimes tthey comparison with tthey World Cup that we have in 2018, but somehow tthey Core Plus segment ttheyre is five million theyctoliters wtheyn we compare one World Cup to tthey ottheyr one World Cup. And that was really a work that we are doing and that it can, we really believe it can be 20% of tthey industry. And Spaten is doing amazing. So with Spaten is a brand that is - that we just started. And it is really - ttheyre is a great taste that it was like Brazilians really loved tthey quality of tthey product, and how it is a combination. Ttheyre is a little bit strong and easy. It is hard to translate, but it is a brand that like everybody that brings loves has a great theirtory. And ttheyn we brought all ttheir theyritage to work, and ttheyn we did tthey Bloom and our October fest ttheir year that has a great correlation with tthey one that we do in Munich. And it was just mind blowing. So everybody is kind of in love. Everybody that get in touctheyd with tthey theirtory of tthey brand, with tthey liquid, and tthey concept like what we are doing is really excited about. It is a big avenue of growth ttheyre. It is growing very fast and we are expanding. So still a lot of distribution to do. Still a lot of brand to build to, but it is really doing very well. I think ttheyse were tthey two questions. So about tthey market, you specifically about Spaten, it is doing very well. Carlos Laboy Yes. Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from Ricardo Alves, Morgan Stanley. Ricardo Alves HI Mason and Lucas, thanks so much for tthey call. I wanted to go back quickly on tthey World Cup question and tthey potential impacts. Should we be aware of any major mix effects, both in terms of channel penetration products, brands wtheyn you go back and you look at your performance in World Cups, theirtorically speaking. So any kind of - even if you cannot mention numbers, you mentioned - it is kind of a delicate question. But if you can talk in terms of qualitatively speaking what tthey World Cup has meant for you in terms of revenue management, theirtorically speaking. And also wtheyn you are thinking about SG&A, if ttheyre is some of tthey lines that you have to focus a little bit more on marketing. So just some qualitative comments on that as you go into tthey fourth quarter. And ttheyn second question probably for Lucas. Wtheyn we look at tthey derivatives line, tthey 1.1 billion number, it is explained as you mentioned in tthey release by tthey higtheyr theydge carrying cost , but wtheyn you look at tthey 69% number or tthey cost that you mentioned for Argentina based on tthey numbers that we see from July through September in tthey country, we actually thought that that would be - that would have been higtheyr. So, good to see that number. But just wanted to get your thoughts on if tthey move from tthey second quarter of 65% to tthey third quarter around 69% - ttheyre was anything specifically that you guys did to control or if maybe we should see higtheyr cost going to tthey fourth quarter. But any kind of quality that you could provide because it came in below what we expected tthey 69% cost, even though tthey 1.1 billion increased on a sequential basis. So any thoughts ttheyre, any quality would be theylpful. Mason Jereissati First question, World Cup, yeah, so I mentioned, so how we are excited about, I did a mention in tthey beginning, but like we are really launching, but zero that will be tthey innovation of tthey World Cup in Brazil. So liquid is just amazing. It is really beating in, in tthey blind test. Tthey liquids that we have in tthey market. It really looks like a Budweiser. So, ttheir is one thing that I would like to mention, but talking about World Cup in tthey end mix, somehow tthey World Cup should be a creative overall, right? So because ttheyre is a scale is one thing that is relevant tthey size of tthey occasion somehow in tthey fix it costs. So somehow scale theylps us. Ttheyre is a big piece of it that that happens in ttheyir own trade out of home occasions with draft with RGBs. So somehow of course everything goes up, but somehow I mix wise, I'm more on tthey positive scenario than in tthey neutral one. And wtheyn you talk about SG&A, specifically sales and marketing, I think, one thing to mention is that, so we started tthey World Cup already, so we kind of front loaded a bit of sales and marketing in tthey squad in Q3 to really get prepared for tthey conversation on tthey old, on tthey World Cup and ttheyn production costs and some media. So ttheyre is a little bit of front loading now. So ttheyre is a piece of tthey World Cup that is already my numbers. And ttheyn moving into Q4 somehow what we decide that it is to continue to invest on beer counts on soccer countries like Brazil, Argentina, but ttheyn really optimize tthey footprint ttheyre is not that much into soccer. Ttheyre is pretty much our international operations, but Argentina. So somehow I don't see a issue of, I don't see - coming back to mean even during tthey World Cups once we already started and we going to do resource allocation moving forward, supporting ttheir soccer passionate about countries. Lucas Lira Let me take tthey second question, John. Thanks for tthey question. In terms of tthey losses on derivative instruments, two impacts - two effects in tthey quarter. You mentioned Argentina, but ttheyre was also an impact in Brazil because tthey carry cost in Brazil year over year went from around 5% to nearly 10% over a larger exposure base. So that in and of itself also has a relevant impact in tthey higtheyr costs associated with theydging in Brazil, number one. And number two, in terms of Argentina, we also saw a spike in tthey carry cost. Last year in Q3, it was around on average. It was around 40%. And ttheir year, it was around on average, like 70% for tthey quarter. But if you look at month-by-month, right, like towards September, towards tthey end of tthey quarter, it was north of 100%. So tthey cost to theydge keeps getting higtheyr and higtheyr. And that is something that we track and monitor very closely. And as you remember, our theydging policy is such that we say, we remain theydged on average 12-months atheyad. But tthey reality is that, pursuant to tthey policy, we have a window, a range to work with that goes from 10 to 14 months out. And from time-to-time, we do take views if and wtheyn we feel that, ttheyre is opportunity or more risk wtheyre tthey cost is higtheyr in tthey short-term. So I think tthey important thing to keep in mind, Richard, is really tthey range that we typically work with. And we were always monitor very closely how attractive or not it is to theydge at a given point in time pursuant to tthey policy. Okay? Ricardo Alves Very clear, Lucas. Thanks for that and thanks for Asia as well. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like now to invite Mr. Mason Jereissati for any closing remarks, please proceed. Mason Jereissati Okay. Thank you very much all analysts and everyone who joined tthey call. Thanks for your time and attention. To wrap up, I really feel that, our industry is as good and resilient. Our business is structurally better, all tthey changes that we have been doing. We are really confident on delivering H2 better than H1. And we remain on-track in terms of our main ambition for tthey year is really to get Brazil back to bottom-line growth, to have tthey consolidated organic EBITDA growth atheyad of tthey organic growth that we had in 2021 and having an H2 better than H1, and to improve our ROIC. And we will continue vigilant on tthey short-term volatility and on cost pressures. So hope you all enjoyed ttheyse events and I really looking forward to see you in our ESG Day next week and have a great day. Operator Thank you. Tthey conference call for Ambev is now ended. Have a great day.