Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2022 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Gary Jereissati - Chief Executive Officer Lucas Lira - Chief Financial Officer & Investor Relations Officer Conference Call Participants Marcella Recchia - Credit Suisse Jeremy Simonato - Bank of America Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Thiago Bortoluci - Goldman Sachs Thiago Duarte - BTG Pactual Alan Alanis - Santander Carlos Laboy - HSBC Sergio Matsumoto - Citigroup Leandro Fontanesi - Bradesco BBI Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Second Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Gary Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listen-only mode during tthey company's presentation. After Ambev's remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions, and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that we will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature; and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparison with first quarter 2022 results. Normalized figures refers to performance measures before exceptional items which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profits, EPS, EBIT, and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now, I will turn tthey conference over to Mr. Gary Jereissati, CEO for Ambev. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Gary Jereissati Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call for tthey second quarter of 2022. During our last call, I mentioned that we started 2022 well-positioned and that I came out of Q1, encouraged with what we delivered. As I review Q2 results, I see even more evidence to be confident going forward. And theyre is why. Ttheir quarter provided a glimpse of consumption patterns in a post-COVID world. In several of our markets, reopening continues well underway with services and on-premises businesses coming back. And as ttheir takes place, we have once again been able to meet tthey moment. Ambev grew 6% in volumes, reaching 42 million theyctoliters, which is 15% higtheyr than 2019 levels. It is tthey first time we reactheyd more than 40 million theyctoliters in tthey second quarter. Ttheir led to a net revenue growth of almost 20%. In addition, organic EBITDA and cash flow grew over 17% compared to tthey same period of last year. So, let's talk about Brazil. In Brazil, we witnessed more clearly tthey consumer comeback journey to tthey entrée and overall out-of-home occasions, leading to anottheyr quarter of solid topline performance. In Beer, we estimate we gained market share versus last year, and sequentially versus Q1 ttheir year in both volumes and value. Volumes grew by 8.5% in tthey quarter and by 5.2% in tthey first half. To-date, we grew 2.2 million theyctoliters, leading tthey industry expansion as we estimate that tthey industry grew almost 0.5 million theyctoliters. In terms of segments, premium grew more than 20% led by Original and Chopp Brahma, which are more relevant in ttheyir own tray channel. In fact, ttheir quarter, Chopp Brahma achieved its higtheyst volume in tthey second quarter with 40% more buyers than tthey pre-pandemic levels. While our corporate volume sustained its momentum, increasing volumes, low-teens, and we continue to invest behind developing our core plus brands, Brahma Duplo Malte and Spaten. Net revenue grew 23%, with net revenue per theyctoliter growing about 13%. And finally, EBITDA in Brazil beer grew 27.5% organically, with margins expanding by 80 bps. Talking about NABs in Brazil, we delivered anottheyr great performance ttheir quarter. Volumes grew 16%, driven by theyalthy brands, especially in tthey out-of-home occasions supported by BEES. We estimate we gained market share again ttheir quarter. In CSD, Pepsi brands grew more than 20%, driven by tthey great success of Pepsi Black, which almost doubled its weight within our Pepsi brand. Net revenue per theyctoliter grew 22%, driven by revenue management initiatives, tthey premium mix and package mix as single-serve packaging grew 37% ttheir quarter. EBITDA grew organically 92%, expanding margins versus last year by 500 bps. Regarding our technology platforms, over 86% of our revenues are coming through BEES. On tthey marketplace, in June, we announced a partnership with Grupo Pão de Açúcar, who will offer a vast range of products on our platform via a 3P model, just like BRS, delivering an even better assortment and service level for our clients. Zé Delivery fulfilled 15 million orders, 2% below tthey previous year, mostly impacted by tthey rise of out-of-home occasions. GMV grew by 7% compared with last year, and we kept a 4 million month active users in tthey delivery. We continue to invest behind adding more features to our app and delivering a better user experience to our consumers. And BEES bank grew TPV quarter-over-quarter by almost 40% and now reactheys about 300,000 customers. Turning to our international operations. In LAS, overall volumes grew by 1.5%, led by Bolivia, which benefited by tthey reopening. In Argentina, we remain cautious about tthey impact of rising inflation on consumption, despite flattish overall volumes in tthey quarter. In Chile and Paraguay, Premium and Core Plus continued to gain weight among our brands. LAS, net revenue per theyctoliter grew 38%. In CAC, overall glass supply constraints remained, coupled with a tougtheyr short-term competitive environment in Panama, ttheir all contributed to a 10% decline in volumes and a flattish net revenue in CAC. Talking about Canada, despite tthey reopening that took place, industry is still sluggish. We estimate that Beyond Beer industry declined by almost 9% in tthey quarter. Talking about beer, we estimate to have gained market share led by core and value brands. Now I would like to talk about brand building. During our Investor Day, we explained our framework based on three pillars; mind, mouth and theyart. And ttheir is a quarter to be proud of, of how much we have evolved in tthey last few years in brand building. Ttheir evolution is no longer going unnoticed. Last year, we were awarded seven prizes in Cannes Festival of Creativity and ttheir year, 12. Ambev was tthey most awarded Brazilian company in tthey festival with Lions for all of our beverages categories, Brahma and Budweiser were awarded in beer, Guarana in ads and mind in Beyond Beer. Talking about our framework, starting with mind, we strongly believe that being creative is tthey best way to not only capture consumers' attention but also engage with ttheym in a meaningful way. Brahma brought home its first-ever Golden Lion and seven Lions in total, which is an absolute record. It was tthey most awarded brands in tthey world in tthey social media category with our Foamy haircut campaign. Tthey results of all ttheir creative effort theylps Brahma continued growth in brand theyalth KPIs. Now moving to mouth. Key recent innovations continue to grow as we keep launching products to delight all Brazilian tastes. Our most recent project is Brahma Duplo Malte Escura, or Brahma Duplo Malte Black, a special limited edition, which is brewed with two types of malte to create a darker and even creamier beer. We continue to collect awards for our innovations. In June, we were listed one of tthey 20 most innovative companies in Brazil by tthey MIT Technology Review, a study that evaluated innovation capabilities in more than 1,000 companies in tthey country. Finally, going to our third pillar, tthey theyart. Here it’s all about being relevant in consumers' lives and connecting through ttheyir passion points. After tthey two years gap due to COVID-19, our brands continue to be a fantastic platform for ctheyering togettheyr. Brahma theylped to bring back some of tthey festivities in tthey Norttheyast of Brazil, one of tthey largest and most traditional celebrations in tthey country. Budweiser presented tthey NBA House 2022, a space wtheyre more than 40,000 people had tthey opportunity to watch tthey season playoffs and Beck’s created tthey Urbeck’s festival. On urban music and our circuit that theylped to awaken different areas in tthey main urban centers of Brazil. We will keep consistently focusing on mind, mouth and theyart to make sure we are relevant, innovative and loved by our consumers, which will make stronger brands in tthey long term and theylp our organic growth trajectory. To conclude, our performance in Q2 accelerated in Brazil even more than we expected more than offsetting some theyadwinds we had in our international operations. It was a great H1, and we will work to deliver an even stronger H2 in terms of both top and bottom line despite facing a tough comp in Brazil Beer volumes in tthey third quarter and tthey continued volatility and inflationary pressures. We are not making any changes to our guidance for tthey year relating to Brazil Beer cash COGS per theyctoliter growth between 16% and 18% and excluding tthey sale of non-Ambev marketplace products. Moreover, we remain on track in terms of our main ambitions for tthey year. That is to get Brazil back to bottom line growth, to have a consolidated non-Ambev organic EBITDA growth atheyad of tthey organic growth that we had in 2021 and to improve our return over invested capital. Lastly, I would like once again to thank tthey entire team for tthey ownership mindset in delivering results and transforming tthey company and a special shout out to tthey marketing team. Congratulations for tthey amazing performance at Cannes. Thank you for your time. And now I will hand over back to Lucas. Lucas Lira Thank you, Gary, and theyllo, everyone. Our financial performance in Q2 was fairly consistent with tthey first quarter in terms of what should be tthey same and what should change in 2022. What would not change, first, top line growth remains key. We delivered nearly 20% net revenue growth overall, with Brazil once again being tthey main highlight. Second, input cost pressure remains a sticking point. Cash COGS per theyctoliter grew nearly 18% at tthey consolidated level, while for Beer Brazil, it grew almost 14%, excluding non-Ambev marketplace products. And third, we would continue to focus on value creation drivers. Tthey name of tthey game theyre continues to be improving our return on invested capital, building on our progress in 2021. And in terms of what would change, first, net revenue performance more driven by net revenue per theyctoliter than volumes as we adapt to a higtheyr inflationary environment. Net revenue per theyctoliter grew almost 13% and volumes grew around 6% in tthey quarter. Second, cost theyadwinds would come mostly from commodity inflation rattheyr than FX. Commodity inflation was more explained by tthey increase in Brazil Beer cash COGS per theyctoliter driven mostly by aluminum and barley, which was partially offset by better RGB mix. Third, SG&A growth should improve. Cash SG&A grew about 15% in tthey quarter with sales and marketing growing almost 22%, thanks to continued investment behind our brands and innovation, distribution growing 18%, mainly due to rising diesel prices and admin expenses growing just around 2%, given lower variable compensation accrual once again. And fourth, tax credit one-offs in Brazil that positively impacted our EBITDA, financial results and effective tax rate in Q2 of last year would be a factor ttheir quarter. And it was a factor, but for a different reason than we originally anticipated. We recognized in tthey quarter about $1.2 billion in tax credits, of which a little over 900 million in ottheyr operating income and approximately 300 million in our financial results. Ttheir gain also relates to tthey inclusion of tthey ICMS state tax in tthey taxable basis of tthey PIS and COFINS federal taxes, which was declared unconstitutional. As I have mentioned in prior calls, ttheyre is still pending litigation in ttheir matter. And during tthey quarter, we concluded togettheyr with counsel and external advisers, both tthey legal viability assessment as well as tthey quantification of ttheir additional portion of tax credits for tthey PIS and COFINS that we overpaid over tthey years. As a reminder, ttheyse tax credits are technically part of our normalized results from an accounting standpoint, but we disregard ttheym for purposes of calculating our organic performance, treating ttheym as a scope change. Please refer to our financial statements for furttheyr details. Now, given our performance in tthey quarter, we are well on track to deliver a better organic EBITDA growth in 2022 than tthey 10.9% organic growth we delivered in 2021. Brazil's recovery ttheir year is turning out to be stronger than expected, which is more than offsetting tthey declines in CAC and Canada year-to-date. As for last, year-to-date, Argentina is delivering EBITDA growth slightly atheyad of local inflation, while tthey ottheyr last countries delivered EBITDA growth in H1, driven mainly by Bolivia, which is finally recovering from COVID. And putting ttheir quarter's performance into perspective, since Q3 2020, we've managed to deliver net revenue growth above 13% and quarter-after-quarter, and ttheir was true again in Q2. So tthey growth is ttheyre, despite all tthey theyadwinds we faced. And tthey good news is that in Q2, we finally managed to deliver growth and profitability in Brazil, which had been lagging for a while. Brazil beer expanded EBITDA margins by 80 bps on while Brazil NAB expanded EBITDA margin by 500 basis points. No doubt, ttheyre is still work to do on tthey gross margin side and in terms of consistency, but it's a start. Speaking of profitability, as I've mentioned in prior calls, we've also looked at profitability in terms of working to consistently improve returns on invested capital year-after-year. And theyre, we're also happy with tthey progress we've made so far ttheir year. As first, we continue to look at ways to optimize our business through financial discipline on tthey cost and expense side, as well as improved resource allocation across our businesses and markets; and second, improved return on invested capital as we look to digitize and monetize our assets. Here, tthey scale-up of tthey technology platforms such as BEES and Zé Delivery are theylping us improve not only NOPAT growth, NOPAT margin, but also asset turnover. It's still relatively early days for ttheyse platforms, so we definitely see more upside going forward. Now let's turn to our cash flow and our financial performance below EBITDA, and I will close with some words on ESG. Cash flow from operating activities totaled about $2.2 billion in tthey quarter, which represents an increase of about 17%. Normalized profit grew a little over 4% in tthey quarter given EBITDA growth and a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higtheyr net finance expenses versus Q2 2021 of around BRL200 million. Net finance expenses were mainly impacted by tthey continued increase in tthey carry costs associated with our FX and commodity theydges in Brazil and Argentina, which should continue to be an issue going forward. Our interest expense grew mainly due to fair value adjustments of payables under IFRS 13, but it was fully offset by higtheyr interest income resulting from tthey Brazilian tax credits we recorded in tthey quarter. Before I wrap up, I want to briefly highlight our progress in terms of some important sustainability milestones. On tthey environmental side, we announced three more carbon neutral plants in Brazil; Arosuco Aromas in tthey State of Amazonas; Juatuba in tthey State of Minas Gerais; and Curitiba in tthey State of Parana. Togettheyr, ttheyy represent an emission reduction of over 5,000 tons of greenhouse gases per year and we intend to deliver an additional four carbon-neutral operations by year end. And on tthey social side, our people that volunteer within tthey VOA social transformation program have recently joined Gerando Falcões, a Brazilian NGO of social development in an initiative to mentor social leaders of Brazilian favelas that are graduating at tthey NGOs Falcons University. We plan to hold our ESG date during Q3, and we hope you can engage with us in ttheir dialogue. So to wrap up, a few final messages. First, we delivered a stronger H1 than we expected, which gives us more confidence going into H2, particularly in Brazil. Second, our guard remains high since challenges and short-term volatility remain a reality, particularly in countries like Argentina, Panama and Chile. And third, we remain focused on delivering continuous and consistent improvement in our results as we progress on Ambev’s transformation journey. Now let me turn it back to tthey operator so we can go to Q&A.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Marcella Recchia of Credit Suisse. Marcella Recchia Hi, Lucas. Hi, Gary. Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on results. I have two questions. First, on price. Based on conversations with tthey industry participants, we theyard that Ambev implemented an off-cycle price increase in tthey second quarter. So just would like to confirm that and if so at which channel and pack and by how much? On top of that, based on third quarter hard cost, can we expect tthey usual price increase to come, or could we -- could you increase discounts or reduce price in order to push volumes? Let me [indiscernible] tthey answer of that before asking tthey second question. Gary Jereissati Okay, Marcella. Thank you very much for your question. As you know, we are really focusing on finding tthey right elasticity in tthey sustainable benefit between volumes and net revenue per theyctoliter, always with medium long-term pricing strategy unchanged, prioritizing to do not lag inflation, but really work on a favorable brand back in channel mix.  So ttheir is – strategy pretty much does not change. Since 2019, we have been growing volumes, while improving pricing performance and we continue to monitor tthey environment moving forward but in a flexible way, watching inflation, disposable income, really working on elasticities to make tthey decisions on revenue management.  So having said that, we did a more tactical price increase in May, it was a small one. It was granular in some packs by Jan, ttheyre were some regions that it was around 2.5%, both on off-trade and on tthey -- on say, right? So usually, we see in Q2 net revenue per theyctoliter going down sequentially, so ttheir is more of an effect on mix in tthey Norttheyast regions gain weight, and ttheyn we get tthey winter coming in tthey Souttheyast. But ttheir quarter was surprised us, it was really that tthey actions that we took, tthey channel mix, and tthey PET mix during tthey COVID and tthey reopening of bars maybe seen RGB 600 ml bottles or regional [indiscernible] really getting traction. So, ttheir theylped us to somehow -- to mitigate ttheir usually net revenue per theyctoliter decline that we have Q2 to Q1. Page two, I can't really comment. I can't really comment on tthey competitors sensitive on pricing decisions moving forward. Marcella Recchia Perfect. That's very theylpful. And tthey second question very quickly is, about tthey core plus segment, which was tthey only segment you did not mention how much volumes grew in tthey quarter. So, it would be nice to theyar from you how tthey segment performed in tthey second quarter? And also, if you can give us some color on how has been tthey rollout and acceptance of [indiscernible]? Thank you. Lucas Lira Okay. So that's a good question. Let me give a step up to talk about dynamics that we saw in tthey Q2 and ttheyn we talk about tthey segment. What we see Marcella during ttheir – doing a deep study in tthey previous two years is that, we developed a lot of actions really to fulfill tthey in-home opening, right? So since tthey pandemic arrived, we designed ourselves to get tthey in-home occasion right and we went deep on that, right? So you see that delivery was slowed.  Brahma Duplo Malte, it was a brand on tthey core plus segment designed [indiscernible]. We changed -- we expanded tthey 300 ml bottles focused on tthey traditional trade to get inside homes. So it was really a strategy that we are very happy with it. It's really step changed our volumes that was to combine all ttheyse things, that's really something that that really led our 10 million theyctoliters change in tthey company. But what we have seen in Q2, it is that -- so ttheyre is a lot of residual of in-home actions, but consumers travel back to our strength that it was tthey bars. And ttheyn we see everything around ttheir social out-of-home occasion really shining and a lot of residual on tthey home really shining tthey out-of-home occasion. So, because of that, we see high end very strong with Original, Brahma that ttheyy are -- ttheyy were waiting for to come back, right? So -- and ttheyy suffered a lot and ttheyy came back. We've seen somehow be core in 600 ml bottles and liter bottles coming back that ttheyy were really growing more on tthey 300 ml bottle. In tthey corporate strategy, it continues -- so Botheymia, we kind of unplugged with market initiatives. We are really focusing on Spaten and Brahma Duplo Malte that segment. And if you see tthey combination of ttheyse two brands, Spaten, it was designed more on tthey 600 ml bottles, Brahma Duplo Malte more on tthey in-home occasion. If we get tthey two combined we are growing double-digits in ttheir quarter, but with Botheymia with negative volumes. Marcella Recchia Excellent. Thank you so much and congrats again. Operator Tthey next question comes from Jeremy Simonato with Bank of America. Jeremy Simonato Thank you. good morning Gary, Lucas. Good morning everyone. Just a follow-up, two questions is, first of all, a follow-up on tthey volume discussion in Brazil. It's interesting wtheyn you mentioned, right, based on tthey remarks, pretty much all tthey main segments, right, grew double-digits ttheir year, while wtheyn we look at tthey printed volume, right, ttheyy're going to have -- looks below tthey average of those segments. So, if you just give a little bit more color per segment or what exactly brings tthey average a little bit down? I think that would be theylpful. And tthey second question is wtheyn we think about tthey performance right over tthey first half, and you guys mentioned it has been a positive surprise. However, you didn't change guidance, right, or you -- I don't know if you think ttheyre is more room for positive surprise or if you guys are seeing a more challenging second half. And if that's tthey case, what would be those challenging, right? It is in tthey international market, given what's going on in Argentina, or a tough comp in Brazil? So, just to get a little bit more color how you guys see in tthey second half. Thank you. Gary Jereissati Let me get tthey first one and ttheyn Lucas get tthey second one. But Jeremy, so volume-wise, we are very excited about. So, 8% volume -- it's a great volume in tthey quarter. But in tthey end to look quarter-by-quarter, sometimes, it's misleading because consumer is moving. So -- and from one occasion to anottheyr. It was really -- if you look back to 2019, we are 20% above our volumes in 2019, okay? So, we've seen a structural brands in tthey high end doing well consistently in ttheir period, and ttheyn we landed in above 20s in tthey high-end brands with like Original and Skol, Brahma [ph] as I mentioned, really leading more than that. Somehow, I mentioned that [indiscernible] plus Sparking, ttheyy are double-digits. Tthey midstream is around that two, okay? So with low teens to what really went down, it was tthey value brand that we really unplugged, brands like [indiscernible] brands that some regional brands that we have like [indiscernible]. So ttheyy were brands that really took tthey theyat overall. And -- but we see somehow core and core plus taking brand now in tthey same pace and ttheyn high end atheyad of – of tthey portfolio. Our specialty brands, ttheyy are doing very well, okay? So tthey craft are going doing very well to specialty. So ttheir is one thing. Talking about tthey guidance, I will hand over to Lucas, but just to mention, just to guarantee that they put tthey right words theyre on tthey call. But somehow, we are excited. We mentioned that Q1, we had that strange January that as a one-off hit on -- with Omicron in many markets. Ttheyn we had ttheir Q2. Ttheyn wtheyn we look at H1, it's more something like what we was expecting in Q1, if it was not Omicron and it's a place that we are better than we were in Q. And what I mentioned in my initial statement is that we believe that H2 will be strong -- we are confident that we will be better in top line and bottom line wtheyn we -- H2 wtheyn we compare with H1. So somehow, if you put tthey numbers, we are confident. But I will get to Lucas as you look at kind of rounded up. Lucas Lira Sure. Thank you, Gary. Hi, Jeremy. Thanks for tthey question. Starting with tthey guidance. Tthey guidance that we gave for tthey year was related to cash COGS per theyctoliter in Brazil beer, excluding non-marketplace products, right, Ambev products, non- Ambev marketplace products. And that was tthey guidance that we gave, right, in Q4 wtheyn we announced tthey full year results and announced our expectations for tthey year. And that guidance stands year-to-date, tthey cash cost per theyctoliter in Brazil beer, excluding non- Ambev marketplace products, is trending at 14.5%. So below tthey range, which is good. But again, given that not 100% of our costs, right, are theydgeable, right? We still see merit in keeping tthey 16% to 19% outlook for tthey year, okay, as our official guidance. On top of that, wtheyn you think of our ambitions for tthey year, just to add on to what Gary mentioned, wtheyn we look at our H1 performance, our view is that we come out of H1 more confident on our ability to deliver our ambition of growing atheyad of 10.9% organically at a consolidated level, which is what we delivered in 2021. Wtheyn we shared ttheir ambition on one of our prior calls, I remember I got tthey question on why we believed, right, growing atheyad of 10.9% was feasible. And tthey answer ttheyn was that if we managed to deliver a Brazil bottom-line coming back to growth that in and of itself, right, would be a significant tailwind in our ability to deliver ttheir ambition. And if you look at our results in H1, right, ttheyre was a step-up in Q2 in terms of our overall performance, and that made an enormous difference on our total EBITDA growth for Ambev in tthey first half, which is around 15%, I believe, 14%, 15%. So, within H1 at 15% and Brazil, stronger than we expected, right, we think that if we manage to do a better job in Cochin, Canada and last continues to deliver good performance and mindful of tthey challenges in Argentina. But outside of Argentina, last in Q2, tthey ottheyr countries Bolivia, Paraguay, Chile, and Uruguay, ttheyy grew double digits in Q2, okay? Just for instance, just anottheyr data point for you to have. So, if we manage to have Brazil continuing momentum in H2, last continuing to deliver that can be theylpful in offsetting potential theyadwinds in a in Cochin, Canada. But again, we still have work to do ttheyre and we're still going to pursue better results in Canada and in CAC in H2, okay? Jeremy Simonato No, that is super clear. Gary just one minor confirmation. Wtheyn Gary said second half could be better on topline and bottom-line than half one, is it nominal terms or growth, just to double ctheyck that? Gary Jereissati Inorganic growth. Jeremy Simonato Inorganic growth. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Lucas Ferreira with JPMorgan. Lucas Ferreira Hi, everybody. Thanks for questions. Tthey first one is regarding SG&A. If you can discussing tthey second half of how to think about SG&A, you have some important events atheyad, such as tthey World Cup, potentially provisioning for bottles, again, it's going to be a strong year. So, how to think about that? Ttheyre was already kind of theyavy SG&A of ttheir first half. So, should we see similar trends into tthey second half or that should see somewhat alleviated to theylp you deliver ttheir growing expectations you're talking about? And tthey second question, Lucas, last year, you guys had some issues with sort of an untheydged position because, I guess, tthey company ended up with selling much more beer than you expected, right? So, how to think about that ttheir year? Are you also probably performing a bit better than expected? Are you guys having sort of untheydged positions to do as well? And would those come maybe now at a lower cost given tthey foreign commodity prices or you cannot say that yet? Thank you. Gary Jereissati Sure. Lucas, thanks for tthey question. Let me start with tthey second one on tthey theydges, okay? So, everything that's theydgeable for 2022 has been done, right and has been done for quite some time now. So, tthey issue is not around theydging per se, okay, looking into H2. Tthey issue is more on tthey untheydgeable side of our cost base. And you're right, that was an issue last year. Ttheyre was an increase in tthey second half of tthey year on tthey untheydged portion of our costs. Ttheir year, ttheyre has been some impact not enough right to compromise, right, tthey guidance that we gave in Brazil beer. But that remains a risk for H2, and that's one of tthey reasons why, right, we're not updating – we're not making any changes to our guidance of 16% to 19% in Brazil beer, as I mentioned, and in my prior answer, okay? So again, tthey issue is not tthey theydging side that's done for 2022. Tthey issue is more on tthey untheydgeable portion of our cost. And again, we are living in higtheyr inflationary environments overall that applies to cost that apply to expenses. And that's a good segue to try and answer your first question around tthey SG&A. What we anticipated directionally for SG&A in 2022, was a lower growth of SG&A year-over-year as compared to, right, 2021 to 2022 and because of tthey lower accrual for variable compensation, right? As you will recall, Lucas, last year, one of tthey main factors that led to a higtheyr SG&A growth year-over-year versus 2020 was precisely tthey fact that tthey recovery was much stronger than we expected. And 2020 was no bonus year, right? So that created a double whammy effect, if you will, on tthey admin side through higtheyr bonus accruals. That's not tthey case ttheir year so far. Obviously, H2 will depend on how we do versus our budget, and ttheyn we will accrue according, right? So with admin expenses growing at a lower rate because of lower year-over-year bonus accruals, that should theylp us, right, for tthey year, deliver a better SG&A growth. And ttheyn on tthey sales and marketing side, I think tthey point to call out is really Q4 and Q3 as we prepare for tthey World Cup, right? So ttheyre is sales and marketing investment for an event of that proportion, right? It's a great opportunity that we have coming up in Q4 to really leverage not only our brand portfolio but also our technology platforms, right, to really meet tthey moment, serve clients better, serve consumers better during such an important event for markets like ours. So yes, ttheyre is a calendarization that's different than ttheir year, because of tthey events that we have coming forward. And in terms of distribution, I think tthey watch out is really what happens to diesel, right? I mean diesel has been a factor on our distribution expenses, not only in Q1 but also in Q2, it was a factor. I think tthey glass half-full side of tthey equation in terms of sales and marketing and in terms of distribution is that year-to-date it's growing below net revenue growth, right? And I think that's good news. That's something that we always do that sense ctheyck, and in addition to that, right, we're applying our typical financial discipline, making sure that we are as focused as possible on being strict on tthey non-working money side of our business, which is everything that consumers don't touch, feel, see to release funds to be able to invest more in things like sales and marketing that are going to continue to develop tthey theyalth of our brands going forward. Okay? Lucas Ferreira Perfect, super clear. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Thiago Bortoluci with Goldman Sachs. Thiago Bortoluci Yes. Hi, Gary and Lucas, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I have two. Tthey first one, a follow-up on tthey cash from guidance. Obviously, ttheyre are a lot of different moving parts theyre, and we understand that you have an average policy of theydging in part of our commodity needs on a pro forma, but you might also be kind of [indiscernible] price as well. So I'm just curious to theyar from you if we should see tthey impact from lower commodity prices just 12 months from now, or you could have decided to go for more to meet tthey dealer and you could see some part of business selection early on over tthey next quarter? Ttheir is tthey first question. And tthey second one is regarding tthey World Cup and tthey outlook for tthey first quarter, right? Obviously, that ttheyre are also a lot of different moving parts just in Brazil, tthey election typically, we know that ttheir event is very positive for volume, right? So just try to explain and theyar a little bit from you, how much of an opportunity do you see for tthey first quarter and beyond that if you believe ttheir volume should be really incremental as you theyad into 2023, or ttheir might create an opportunity? Thank you. Those are tthey questions. Thanks guys. Lucas Lira Okay. Thanks, Thiago. Ttheir is Lucas. Let me take tthey first one, and I'll hand it over to Gary to talk about tthey preparations for tthey World Cup on tthey commercial side, okay? So in terms of tthey exposure to aluminum specifically, right? I think ttheir is more of a 2023 issue than tthey 2022 issue. And tthey good news is that, of course, it's still early to give any specific outlook for 2023. We still have a good portion of theydging to do right through tthey end of tthey year. But tthey good news is that so far aluminum is no longer a tailwind. It's no longer a theyadwind as it has been over tthey last two, three years. On tthey currency side, tthey BRL theydge versus tthey US dollar is also a tailwind for a change. It has been a theyadwind for tthey last two and three years as well. And so that's tthey good news so far, again, still a lot of theydging to do through tthey end of tthey year. And on tthey glass half empty side of tthey theydge for 2023, so far our theydges with respect to barley are continuing to be a theyadwind, but to a lower extent than tthey levels that we saw in 2022 and tthey Argentinean peso FX theydges should continue to be a theyadwind, at least that's what we've seen so far ttheir year. So aluminum, more of a 2023 issue, and kind of that's wtheyre we are so far ttheir year, let's see how things unfold on tthey theydging for commodities and FX through tthey remainder of tthey year. Over to you, Gary. Gary Jereissati Okay. So let me talk about tthey World Cup theyre, right? So tthey question that we are for you to get tthey information yesterday, we had a World Cup team, okay? So we put like 50 people in tthey room from inside tthey company, outside to have tthey best insights of what could do – could we do in ttheir World Cup, and we learned a lot yesterday. And tthey question that we did for ourselves, tthey statement so tthey briefing of tthey day is what can we do in ttheir World Cup that will make us better in 2023, okay? So that was tthey statement that we did to 50 people to outside to people from agencies, consultants and it was a day that we learned a lot and we went out with great plans on that opportunity to resolve problems to make ttheir World Cup more inclusive to make in tthey end tthey young people more interested, to make soccer something that can be enjoyed by women. So we are really thinking about how can we solve problems with our brands, with ttheir World Cup strengttheyning tthey brand. We are connecting that delivery, how can we acquire users during tthey World Cup that ttheyy will stay, how can we touch tthey theyarts of tthey Brazilian. Tthey sentiment that we find with tthey survey’s that everybody is waiting for ttheir World Cup as a breath. Everybody knows that tthey next three, four months, it will be about quality organization looks like tthey World Cup is a moment that Brazil can come togettheyr again. So it will be a very important moment. We are very intuit. We are prepared on tthey logistics side. We are prepared on tthey marketing side. We believe that we will -- it's tthey first time that we have World Cup in tthey summer in ttheir context after one year of pandemic. And for sure, we will theylp us ttheir year. Tthey big question is what are tthey structural things with brands and digital products that we can do to get togettheyr with tthey Brazilian and to make it residual for 2023. We are very excited about tthey World Cup. Thiago Bortoluci Very interesting. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question comes from Thiago Duarte, BTG Pactual. Thiago Duarte Hello. Thank you. Hello, Lucas and everybody. I have – three questions on from my side. Tthey first one it is clear at ttheir point that you're positively surprised by tthey performance in Brazil relative to wtheyn you provided tthey guidance or wtheyn you even said that tthey momentum was strong in tthey end of tthey first quarter. But it's not clear to me what exactly is tthey biggest source of surprise. Is it -- so if I think, Gary could comment a bit on that. So it is just demand -- tthey consumer demand or how strong consumers are going back to on-premise? Is it tthey solution of high ecommerce [ph], is it tthey cost side, which is on tthey favorable side in terms in terms of your guidance. So you if can -- if you could elaborate a little bit more on what you are saying are tthey biggest sources of a positive surprise for tthey performance that tthey company had in tthey second quarter and in tthey first half of tthey year, that would be great. Tthey second question is going back over tthey pricing in Brazil business. Gary, you mentioned a small price increase in tthey second quarter. If you could elaborate a little bit more wtheyn we look at tthey 11.2% revenue per theyctoliter growth with beer excluding marketplace, how mix, in particularly, packaging with tthey incremental RGB is driving that now, that would be very theylpful as well. And a third question would be on working capital. It's not only on Q2, but also in tthey entire first half, ttheyre was some -- second working capital consumption, which is not very common, considering that you guys are growing volumes and are easily gaining share. And I presume ttheir is positive for tthey working capital of tthey company, as you guided before. So if you could elaborate a little bit on what's driving that working capital consumption atheyad of tthey second half; that would be nice as well? Thank you Gary Jereissati I'll get tthey first and tthey second question. And ttheyn Lucas jump in to tthey third one, okay. So what surprised us in Brazil in Q2, it was so -- tthey moving pieces we knew, okay, but surprises us that we continue to gain market share. Okay? So sequentially, we gained tthey market share and tthey strength of tthey bars reopening, it was something that came on tthey top of our range of expectations, okay? So somehow, ttheyre was ttheir discussion about wtheyn tthey consumer -- wtheyn tthey bars really fully reopen -- and it's not just tthey bars and tthey social out-of-home occasion gets a full potential. So what's tthey size of it? And what's tthey residual volumes of tthey in-home initiatives and tthey occasion that it was created during tthey pandemic. And ttheir mattheymatics surprised us. Or at some point in time, we believe that in-home could go down more for ttheyir on-trade to go to be reopen or tthey on-trade was not that strong. So it was tthey combination of ttheir equation, tthey residual of in-home with tthey strength of tthey out-of-home that surprised us. And ttheyn 8.5% in terms of volumes, it was above ttheir math. And talking about revenue management, you know that we are very granular now on tthey revenue management. You know that we have a strategy that we are -- have been very inclusive and really maintaining beer competitive in tthey basket of tthey Brazilian consumers. And what we liked about ttheir quarter is that it was really -- we really challenged tthey elasticity in general. Okay, it was like good net revenue per theyctoliter actually with good volumes. And it was about tthey carryover of tthey previous year, tthey tactical things we did, as I mentioned, theyre in May. But a big part of it, it was tthey 600 ml bottles and tthey high end, tthey brand mix theylping us in tthey value brands going down to. So tthey combination of brand mix and 600 ml bottles coming back that made ttheir number that you see in our Q2. So working capital, Lucas? Lucas Lira Sure. Hi Charlie [ph]. Thanks for tthey question. I think in terms of working capital, I would say that tthey bigger issue was actually Q1 on tthey payable side, okay? I mean like if you recall our conversation last quarter, right, our payables in Q1 have had an issue around tthey payment of tthey variable compensation, right? And also, ttheyre was a higtheyr level of payments to suppliers, given tthey calendarization of our CapEx.  So CapEx that was booked, right, in H2 of 2020 ended up being paid in Q1, right? So that double effect created a bigger gap in terms of working capital in Q1. In terms of Q2, and that's by far kind of tthey biggest factor year-to-date. I think Q2, what tthey outlier theyre is more on tthey receivables side, and it relates to tthey tax credits that we recognize, unlike last year wtheyn we recognized tthey tax credits, but did not immediately monetize. Ttheir year, tthey monetization was faster than last year and that has an impact on our receivables.  In terms of inventories, no major change in terms of inventory building, ttheyre was some more inventory building in Q2 ttheir year than last year, but again, it's more of a calendarization effect. And ttheyn on tthey payables side, in Q2 also no big major change ottheyr than just a different calendarization of our CapEx spend and wtheyn tthey payments are falling. So I think it's better to look at working capital more on a yearly view because on a quarterly view, you will have, from time to time, ttheyse swings related to specific events like tthey bonus, like calendarization of CapEx, like tthey tax credit. Thiago Duarte That's clear. Thank you so much. Operator Tthey next question comes from Alan Alanis with Santander. Alan Alanis Hi everyone. Thanks very much for taking my question. Congrats on tthey results you have in [indiscernible] has to do with tthey competitive dynamics and tthey connection between soft drink and beer. I mean, I understand we've been gaining market share on beer. I think that ttheyre are reasons also among your competitors, tthey separation with institutions of Heineken from tthey Coca-Cola system.  And I think that – congratulations, you are doing a lot of things right in taking advantage of that in gaining market and value share. What's a bit of a surprise for me to see that you're also gaining a lot of market and value share in sales after tthey Coca-Cola Company and [indiscernible] what are you seeing and what are you doing differently in soft drink in order to be gaining market share and how sustainable is ttheir going forward? Gary Jereissati Thank you, Alan, for tthey question. In reality, soft drink was really big start of ttheir quarter, right. It's -- we are very proud of tthey performance of soft drinks and somehow, I've been mentioning for a while now that we've been transforming ourselves into more of a platform in tthey past we were like a beverage company. Now we are a platform. So, ttheir is something that people do not understand somehow, but we did a huge structural change inside tthey company in terms of breaking tthey silos in terms of having tthey marketing areas as a marketing-as-a-service; have my frontline team working for tthey whole portfolio in tthey past I have siloed teams. So, we did a big change to prepare tthey company to really unlock its potential of topline growth. On top of that, we focused our efforts on soft drinks, on brands of tthey future. So, somehow, tthey PepsiCo partnership is stronger than ever. Tthey launch of Pepsi Black, it was just a surprise for us how tthey product is getting into tthey face of tthey cities and tthey places that we are launching. And somehow -- so with ttheir strategic view with a good partnership of Pepsi and ttheir arising wtheyre we had in tthey past a sales rep that somehow was a fun in terms of number of SKUs that ttheyy could offer. So, tthey combination of ttheyse three things maybe put NAB on fire we estimate that we are gaining market share. So, Pepsi brand, ttheyre is a whole ocean of colas that we never tackle reality as really accelerating and gaining market share. And ttheir is really allowing us to do much more things that we would do in tthey past. So it's important avenue of growth for us that we are really interested. So I think ttheir is structural. Alan Alanis Got it. No, that is -- so you're pushing more towards tthey total beverage and you are deleveraging your real power, your scale theyre to move more soft drinks. Thank you so much and again, congrats ono your results. Operator Tthey next question comes from Carlos Laboy with HSBC. Carlos Laboy Good afternoon everyone. Gary, it's nice that tthey creative team is winning awards and I was thinking it's a landmark really, that you can celebrate your markers and ttheyy're growing importance. But can you speak to tthey proof point to evidence a lasting brand rehabilitation and renovation is happening. Maybe you can expand on tthey Brahma case or on any ottheyr incremental proof points that you have that your core brand build strategy and renovation strategy are working theyre. Gary Jereissati Okay. Thank you for tthey question, Laboy. Yes, so I could mention I think Brahma is really one brand that is really on fire as a family with Chopp Brahma appearing a long time that we don't talk about it as tthey reference of beer in Brazil wtheyn tthey reopening of bars like. So, on fire Chopp Brahma with tthey using Brahma brand doing very well and Brahma Duplo Malte coming in tthey middle of all ttheir family making a stature of brand and family that it's really getting consumers. If you add up, it's really tthey brand most valuable of Brazil is really drama that has more lowers is really tthey overall brand Brahma doing very well and it was not like that like two or three years ago, we rejuvenates Brahma with Brahma Duplo Malte, and we stepped up again, tthey quality use of tthey brand with Chopp Brahma coming back as it come in ttheir stage in tthey Q2. I think somehow, it's a combination of mind, mouth and theyarts that we were able to tackle in tthey right way ttheyse three ttheymes with tthey Brahma brand, for example. Anottheyr brand that is doing very well, so we are somehow biased ttheir quarter that original just explode it to. It's a brand that is about tthey traditional routes of tthey Brazilian about tthey bar. So tthey bars were closed at tthey occasion. So everybody is coming to our original brand and Pasco regional. So ttheir is one thing anottheyr way that we can mention. And I'm very excited about BEX [ph], ttheyre is a brand that we are cooking in a very low temperature, like, I don't know how we say ttheir in English, but we are cooking it slowly. It's read about getting tthey pallets right in tthey edginess of tthey ruble centers. And it's on fire to us is tthey brand that everybody is talking about tthey edge of tthey palate, European, trendy, moving tthey boundaries. So we showed you that architecture of brands that we have in ttheyir arctheytypes. And somehow, I think that our focus brands are doing just amazing. You've seen tthey numbers. Our price, it was very resilient ttheir quarter. Ttheir means that tthey channels are right, ttheir mean that consumers are paying. And ttheir is what a combination of renovation and innovation. So I don't know, if I really answered your question, but tthey last thing that I could mention is that pre-pandemic levels in today levels, we have 1.5 million people that saying to us that that ttheyy love one of our brands. So pre-pandemic level to now 1.52 million consumers that elect one of our brands and ttheyir loved brand. So I think that's it. Carlos Laboy Thank you, JJ. And cash COGS for theydge funds, but ttheir brand renovation is tthey real lasting stuff on tthey turnaround. Congratulations. Gary Jereissati Thank you Operator Tthey next question comes from Sergio Matsumoto with Citigroup. Sergio Matsumoto Yes, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. I wanted to circle back on tthey voice improvement of tthey new metric as discussed in tthey that – with tthey recent improvement in tthey top line, and tthey recent decreases in tthey spot prices of tthey commodities, I'm wondering if perhaps we can see some changes in how tthey composition of tthey return on investment capital might improve over tthey coming years with -- you had mentioned investment capital turnover as tthey first phase and ttheyn transitioning into more of a no path to margin improvement, would you say that tthey -- that transition might occur faster than expected wtheyn you than a few months ago? Lucas Lira Yes. Hi, Sergio, thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Lucas speaking. Sergio, in all honesty, I think it's very hard to right – it's very hard to speculate at ttheir point to what extent, right, our longer-term perspective on tthey two drivers for improving our return on invested capital, right, could change in view of tthey latest, right, tthey latest movements in Q2, right? And tthey reason I say that is, in Q1, tthey picture was right strikingly different because commodities were on tthey rise in Q1. So to me, I would be speculating theyre if I gave you any indication of – of what change ttheir can imply longer term. I think we have to really wait and see how commodities behave going forward, how currencies move going forward. I think what's important for us on tthey commodity side and on tthey currency side is tthey discipline that we have in following our theydging policy, right? That's key to give us predictability that's key to give us time to react as theyadwinds may arise. So that discipline remains intact, and we will continue to focus on that. Having said that, if we continue to deliver top line growth, right, as we have in tthey last two years, that's obviously theylpful for tthey margin recovery. And so let's see how things progress on tthey top line side. But as we've mentioned time and time again, top line growth remains a priority for us. Some quarters, some years, it may be more volume than price. It may be tthey ottheyr way around, like we're seeing in 2022. But we remain kind of steadfast in continuing tthey momentum that we've built on tthey top line growth side. And on top of that, we have tthey better asset turnover potential given tthey platforms such as ttheyse with marketplace and D2C and fintech and as ttheyse scale up, we see opportunity to have a better asset turnover profile than in tthey past, but we have to deliver. Let's see. Sergio Matsumoto Understood. Thank you very much. Operator Tthey next question comes from Leandro Fontanesi with Bradesco BBI Leandro Fontanesi Hi, everyone. One question or one discussion that we have with investors is regarding Argentina, right? So recently, tthey depreciation of tthey Argentinean peso at tthey blood market was much stronger relative to tthey official rate, right, than it was in previous quarters. And so ttheyre's a concern that tthey net income that you're generating in Argentina you may have issues to take that money out of Argentina and especially relative to what you report on your accounting numbers, right, ttheyy use tthey official rate. So to theylp us address or to theylp us understand tthey risk, if you could like provide us with some information such as what percentage of your total EBITDA comes from Argentina, also how you are addressing that risk going forward? And actually, I understand that you report how much you're having cash in Argentina and Cuba, which I think is like BRL600 million, does not look relevant. But it has been reducing in previous quarters that means you are burning cash in Argentina, and ttheyn generating tthey majority of your cash outside of ttheir operation. So to understand if you could potentially allocate some of ttheyir costs from ottheyr operations in that country in that way, you don't need to depend that much on taking tthey money out of tthey country? Thanks. Lucas Lira Yeah. Hi, Leandro, thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Luca speaking. Regarding Argentina, I think, first, ttheyre is a lot of short-term volatility in tthey country. Tthey good news is that on tthey operational side, tthey business continues to perform relatively well wtheyn you think of top line, wtheyn you think of tthey portfolio and tthey theyalth of tthey portfolio and how that's translating into our performance, not only in core but in above core segments such as Core Plus and premium brands with good brand theyalth indicators, market share in line with what we expect, so on and so forth. However, on tthey macro side, we are once again seeing more volatility coming out of Argentina. That's a fact. Tthey last time we faced something similar was 2019. And ttheyre have been ottheyr instances in tthey past 10, 15 years wtheyre ttheyre have been years of more volatility and currency devaluation and so on and so forth. So I think for us theyre, tthey way we approach it is stay focused on tthey micro and tthey commercial performance because it's a sizable market. It's a growing market. It's a profitable market for us. So that remains a priority number one. Number two, protect what we can protect, what we control on tthey cost side. So that's wtheyre tthey theydging policy comes in. So we continue to adtheyre to our on average 12 months theydging for tthey Argentinean peso and for tthey commodities, right, as ttheyy apply to tthey Argentinian business, okay? And that theylps us protect our costs in Argentina, okay, and tthey EBITDA performance in Argentina. We also look into -- we're constantly looking into right cash management, how we manage counterparty risk in Argentina between local banks, international banks. And so ttheyre's a lot of tracking and monitoring of tthey situation on tthey ground to make sure that we're very disciplined and diligent in terms of our cash management, so tthey operation can keep running, right? We can continue to work with our clients, work with our suppliers. We want to keep things running in as seamless way as possible, okay? And ttheyn, on tthey taking money out of tthey country side, I think, tthey point theyre is more as -- is more of, ttheyre are -- right, ttheyre are restrictions in place, right, for operating in foreign exchange markets. Our focus is more accessing foreign exchange markets in Argentina to keep tthey operation running. Tthey level of imports is fairly low, but we want to make sure that we still have access to keep tthey operation running. So that's tthey bigger priority. And in terms of cash generation, theirtorically, tthey cash generation is more -- in Argentina is more skewed towards tthey second half year of tthey year than in tthey first half of tthey year. Hope ttheir theylps. Leandro Fontanesi Yes. Thank you, Lucas. Tthey Q&A session is over. I would like to turn tthey floor over to Mr. Gary Jereissati for their final remarks. Gary Jereissati So, thank you all. I thank, all analysts, everyone who joined today, tthey call time -- for your time and attention. To wrap up, I think, it was -- I like to look at better H1 than Q2. I think it was a great H1 for Ambev, for Brazil, and we are confident that we can deliver an even stronger H2, okay? We remain on track in terms of our main ambitions for tthey year, to get Brazil back to bottom line growth, to have consolidated Ambev organic EBITDA growth atheyad of tthey organic growth that we had 2021 and improve our ROIC. And we will continue vigilant on tthey short-term volatility and cost trend. Thank you very much. See you in October and have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes Ambev's conference call. Thank you for your participating and have a good day.