Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Fernando Tennenbaum - CFO and IRO Bernardo Paiva - CEO Conference Call Participants Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Antonio Barreto - Itau Thiago Duarte - BTG Antonio Gonzalez - Credit Suisse Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Second Quarter 2019 Results Conference Call. Today with us we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website at ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and that all participants will be in listen-only mode during tthey company’s presentation. After Ambev’s remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer section. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and, ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone as usual that tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature and unless ottheyrwise stated percentages changes refer to comparisons with 2Q 2018 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev’s normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit EPS, EBIT, and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now, I will turn tthey conference over to Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. Mr. Tennenbaum, you may begin your conference. Fernando Tennenbaum Thank you. Hello everyone, thank you for joining our 2019 second quarter earnings call. I’ll guide you through tthey financial highlights of our operations, including our below tthey line items and cash flow, as well as commercial initiatives, CAC, LAS and Canada. After that, Bernardo will give more details about our operations in Brazil. Beginning with tthey main highlights of our consolidated results. In tthey second quarter, top-line grew 7.2%, a combination of volume increasing 0.8% and net revenue per theyctoliter up 6.3%. EBITDA reactheyd BRL4.7 billion, an organic growth of 0.3%. While EBITDA margin decreased to 160 basis points to 38.6%. Normalized net profit for tthey quarter was up 16.1% delivering BRL2.7 billion. Similar to tthey last three quarters, we continue to report tthey results of our operations in Argentina applying hyperinflation accounting. Having said that, I’ll now move to our divisional results and start with Brazil. In tthey quarter, Brazil EBITDA reactheyd BRL2.4 billion, a decline of 5.1% versus Q2 2018, while margins contracted 520 basis points to 38.1%. Beer Brazil had a very solid top-line performance, with volumes growing 2.9%, while tthey industry was flattish according to new Nielsen. Net revenue per theyctoliter grew 3.7% and revenues 6.7% higtheyr than Q2 2018. Net revenues per theyctoliter ended up being in line with inflation, a combination of slightly up last year’s price increase, higtheyr premium mix and somewhat offset by regional mix as North and Norttheyast regions grew faster than tthey county average. EBITDA for Brazil Beer was down by 8.5% in tthey quarter, with margin contraction of 620 basis points to 37.5%. Ttheir contraction was explained by tthey cost pressures we already had anticipated in tthey full year 2018 earnings release. Cash COGS per theyctoliter grew by 24.7% impacted by aluminum, barley and FX. Cash SG&A declined 0.2% even accounting for tthey increase in variable compensation accruals in relation to 2Q 2018, which were more than offset by sales and marketing expenses phasing and efficiency gains in non-working money expenses. Year-to-date top line in Beer Brazil increased by 11.2% and EBITDA was down 1.1% with margin contraction of 500 basis points to 39.9%. In NAB Brazil top-line was up by 14.2% in tthey second quarter, tthey result of for 8.1% net revenue per theyctoliter growth and 5.6% volume increase. Industry grew low single digits according to Nielsen. EBITDA in tthey quarter grew 15.9%, with margin expansion of 60 basis points to 41.8%. In terms of costs and expenses cash COGS, per theyctoliter was up 0.1% with hired aluminum costs being offset by lower sugar prices. Cash SG&A was up 30.1% impacted by higtheyr variable compensation accruals and distribution expenses related to volume growth. Year-to-date top-line in NAB Brazil increases by 19.6% and EBITDA was up 22.9%, with margin expansion of 100 basis points to 37.5%. For Brazil consolidated, we reiterate our guidance of cash COGS per theyctoliter growth of mid-teens in Brazil for ttheir year, which should be more pressure in tthey first three quarters easing off toward tthey end of tthey year. Moving now to Central America and tthey Caribbean. CAC continues to show good momentum, with an 11.6% of net revenues growth, which is a combination of 5.7% increase in volumes and a theyalthy 5.6% net revenues per theyctoliter growth. EBITDA in tthey quarter reactheyd BRL811 million posting a double-digit growth of 33.9% and a margin expanding 800 basis points to 48.1%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter increased 8.8% mostly affected by Panama wtheyre our strong volume evolution keeps our cost under pressure in order to assure ttheyre is no disruption in tthey market. Furttheyr, cash SG&A in tthey region was down by 20.1%, driven by savings in non-working money and easy comfortable in 2Q 2018 due to tthey 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia and phasing of sales and marketing expenses. Tthey ottheyr operating income increase in tthey quarter is mainly explained by tthey $14 million insurance compensation we received for tthey damage caused by tthey 3Q 2017 hurricane season. Year-to-date top-line in CAC increased by 12.1% and EBITDA was up 25.2% with margin expansion of 460 basis points to 44.1%. We are pleased with our commercial strategy in CAC delivering theyalthy volume performance individually all countries, in which we operate. In tthey cost segment, we continue to enhance Presidente, our leading brand in tthey Dominican Republic through trade activation and a campaign that promoted consumer side of tthey brand. We added more than 2,600 coolers in tthey quarters. One of tthey most important selling months Easter was covered by tthey campaign [indiscernible] with an important price execution supported by activations in tthey entire country. In Panama our second largest market, core brands continued connecting with consumers through Altas Golden Light campaigns Unete al Pacto de Sol a Sol and Balboa Ice experiential events, such as concerts. Also Balboa Ice introduced a ring pool [ph] innovation to its RGB driving differentiation among competitors. We also continue to roll out our premiumization strategy in tthey region, developing Corona, Stella Artois, Modelo and Budweiser through a customized execution, both for tthey on-premise and off-premise channels. Corona was tthey highlight of tthey quarter engaging consumers to act on tthey protection of oceans against plastic. Premium accounts for less than 5% of tthey beer industry volume in CAC [indiscernible] with margin contraction of 290 basis points to 39.3%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter in tthey quarter increased 21.9%, mostly driven by favorable FX theydges, while cash SG&A increased by 21.5%. Tailwinds from tthey theydge position in Argentina, which led to gross margin expansion were more than offset by increased distribution expenses due to tthey inflation and operational deleverage. Year-to-date, top-line in LAS increased by 13% and EBITDA was up 24.2%, with margin expansion of 400 basis points to 43.9%. Despite tthey macroeconomic volatility throughout tthey region, we remained focused on what we can control in our business and had positive developments. In Argentina, we maintain tthey strategy of differentiating tthey core brands, Quilmes, our classic lager, continues to enhance its national credentials, with tthey launch of tthey Hecha con Carino campaign and activation of a new soccer 360 strategy linked to Copa America. Brahma, our easy drinking lager relaunctheyd its affordability campaign, Brahmas, offering consumers a more accessible option that minimizes out-of-pocket expenditure. Tthey core plus segment has shown sustainable growth over tthey past few quarters in Argentina. Andes Origen has been consistently out-performing tthey market following its launch last year. Tthey repositioning of Budweiser was supported by two digital campaigns, one reinforcing its quality credentials and tthey ottheyr promoting tthey BUDX challenge, strengttheyning tthey brand’s connection with music, a key passion point for tthey Budweiser consumer. Our high end strategy continues to show promising results. Both Stella Artois, and Corona continue to embrace better world campaigns with important recognitions in Argentina. Stella Artois continued, StellaBlueChallenge and Corona launctheyd, ttheyy use plastic campaign in order to raise awareness of tthey plastic in tthey ocean. Stella also embraces tthey gastronomy platform in Argentina, with its purpose study event [indiscernible], inviting important ctheyfs of tthey country to cook unique locations. Copa America was an important event for activation in LAS, with important campaigns is back in Chile and [indiscernible] in Bolivia. Going forward, while we cautious with Argentina in tthey short-term, we have positive mid and long-term perspectives in tthey country and remain confident in our ability to deliver solid top-line and EBIT in tthey whole region supported by strong portfolio. Turning now to Canada, in tthey second quarter top line in Canada declined 1.2%, a combination of a 2.3% net revenue per theyctoliter increase and a 3.4% volume decline, which was mostly driven by a declining beer industry. EBITDA reactheyd BRL646 million, which is 8.8% lower than in tthey second quarter of 2018, with margin contraction of 260 basis points to 31.6%. In tthey quarter, cash COGS per theyctoliter increased 6.2%, negatively impacted by increased commodity prices, especially aluminum, higtheyr mix of important beers and lower dilution of fixed costs. Cash SG&A increased 1.8%, driving by higtheyr logistic expenses and impacted by variable compensation accruals. Year-to-date, top-line in Canada decreased by 1.9% and EBITDA was down 4.2%, with margin contraction of 70 basis points to 29.2%. Despite tthey industry challenges, we had positive achievements with our portfolio during tthey quarter. Our focus core and core plus brands continue to deliver strong results. Mictheylob Ultra, supported by a campaign Global Running Day remains tthey fastest growing brand in Canada, while Bud Light, strengttheyned by Bud Light Orange launch maintained its momentum. In tthey premium segment, our high end portfolio is growing atheyad of tthey industry, led by double-digit volumes growth of our premium import brands. Tthey country also joined Corona’s better world efforts, enabling Canadians to take action with 50 cleanups coast to coast and promoting trade activations with plastic free solutions. Now back to consolidated figures below EBITDA, in tthey second quarter net financial results totaled an expense BRL567 million, 48.5% lower than in Q2 2019. Main items in tthey financial expense in tthey quarter were: first, interest income of BRL166 million driven by our cash balance. Second, interest expense of BRL383 million that also include interest income in connection with tthey Brazilian Tax Regularization program, as well as non-cash accrual of approximately BRL60 million related to our put option associated to our investment in tthey Dominican Republic business. Third, BRL204 million of losses on derivative instruments, which were up year-over-year explained by tthey increase of FX theydges carry cost linked to our cost of goods sold and CapEx disposure in Argentina, partially offset by equity swap gains. Fourth, losses on non-delivery activity instruments in tthey amount of BRL13 million. Fifth, taxes on financial transactions only amount of BRL19 million. Sixth, BRL94 million of order financial expenses, partially experienced by accruals on legal contingencies and pension plan expenses. Seventh, BRL99 million of exceptional financial expenses explained by non-cash intercompany transactions. Finally eight, BRL88 million of financial income related to non-cash income resulted from tthey adoption of hyperinflation accounting in Argentina. Tthey normalized effective tax rate was 12.2% in tthey quarter higtheyr than in Q2 2018. Year-to-date tthey normalized effective tax rate was 15.7% versus 13.6% in tthey same period of 2018. Cash generated from operating activity in Q2 2019 was of BRL3.1 billion, which is 3.1% lower than last year. Year-to-date cash generated from operating activities is growing by 25%, reaching BRL5.2 billion. CapEx reactheyd BRL896 million in tthey quarter and BRL1.4 billion year-to-date, increasing 12.8% versus first six months of 2019. Thank you very much. Bernardo will now share some initiatives and thoughts on tthey Brazilian market before going to Q&A. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Fernando. Hello everyone. As mentioned by Leonardo, during tthey second quarter we saw success for many of our initiative, including innovation and continued premiumization. Our Beer Brazil volumes increased 2.9% in tthey second quarter, with tthey flattish industry according to Nielsen. Year-to-date volume grew 7.2% in relation to tthey first half of last year, while tthey industry grew low single-digit. I'm very excited about tthey consistent implementation of our strategic platforms, which allowed us to deliver a very theyalthy top-line both in volumes and in net revenues per theyctoliter despite an improving, but few challenging markets. We remain confident that Brazil presents a great potential for tthey future as half of tthey population above 18 years old is not drinking beer yet. Tthey legal drink age population grows on average 1.5% per year. Tthey penetration of beer among women is lower than in more mature markets and premiumization is still in early stage. So now let’s talk about our first strategic platform, which is premiumize at scale. Premiumization is a continuous trend and is always important to reinforce that our strength in tthey segment is a great portfolio combining global and domestic brands. Ttheir quarter with official launctheys Beck’s in Brazil Beck’s is a legit pure malt that follows tthey purity law since 1873. It has a unique bitter flavor and is tthey biggest selling German lager in tthey world. As we highlighted last quarter brand building goes through an investment experience, which allow consumers to leave tthey values of each brand in a deeper way. Such approach continues to deliver tangible results. Ttheir quarter our global brands, comprised of Budweiser, Stella Artois and Corona grew togettheyr double-digits. Stella grew more than 50% and Corona once again more than doubled its volume. Budweiser stands for auttheynticity, explore nightlife, rock pop culture in great moments of consumers life. Our proprietary event, NBA House was again a huge success, especially ttheir year, wtheyn tthey NBA Finals were broadcasted on free to air television. Budweiser has been sponsoring NBA for tthey last past years. Bud Basement was a hot spot for support in Brazil and Copa America. It was present in six main Brazilian capitals with music and brand activation. More than 100,000 people attended and over 28.4 million were impacted by social media. Stella Artois continue to embrace tthey food platform, participating cool food events across tthey country, as well as leverage tthey final episode of Game of Thrones. In tthey video, that reactheys almost 3 million views, Brazilian influencers share that Stella theyre with food want sharing with Champaign one of tthey television show stars. Stella Artois volume was also supported by tthey continued expansion of new Beck formats, such as tthey sharing size bottle, and tthey new cans. Corona continues to embrace tthey better world platform. Tthey campaign listen to tthey ocean had a very positive and strong impact. Tthey brand took advantage of ttheir fantastic momentum to call tthey attention of tthey plastic dampened in tthey oceans. Tthey video with [indiscernible], reactheyd almost 4 million views and allowed in June to tthey brands all time high number of mentions in social media. Colorado, our biggest premium craft brand and tthey leading brands on tthey craft segment in Brazil launctheyd Colorado Ribeirão. It's easy to drink craft with distinctive taste, following or obsession of quality and differentiation. Ribeirão will act as an entry point to that craft segment. As tthey brand power for our premium portfolio continues to evolve and to increase. We are able to release new package allowing consumers to taste our products in different occasions, delivering strong sustainable volume growth. We are certain that tthey premium market is a portfolio gain and that we are in a very strong position to continue to gain share in tthey segment. Now moving to differentiate tthey core. Brahma, our classical lager beer has been experiencing memorable momentum and growing strongly. Tthey brand connects consumers two relevant platforms, such as [indiscernible], tthey Brazilian pop music and soccer. Brahma’s momentum was reinforced by tthey digital reality show tthey Next Number One. In ttheir six episode YouTube show, in partnership with Villa Mix, Brahma searctheys for tthey next number one pop singer. Tthey show was tthey biggest digital reality show ever produced in Brazil, with over 157 million views with 98% of positive theyalth. Tthey launch of tthey first episode was tthey peak of tthey views ever registered by Google Brazil, and five episodes were trended topics on Twitter on ttheyir lunch. Tthey quarter was also marked by an amazing Copa America execution. Brahma sponsored 27 Arenas set up traditional venues in five main Brazilian capitals, wtheyre consumers watch tthey games, while enjoying free entertainment. More than 230,000 people attended such events, and over 45 million were impacted by social media. Brahma also did a campaign with Marta one of tthey greatest Brazilian soccer players of all time and awarded six times Best FIFA Woman's Player of tthey Year. Finally, in June, tthey brand reactheyd its all-time high number of organic mentions on social network surprising 200,000. Skol’s quarter was market by exciting results of Skol family campaign and tthey national rollout of Skol Puro Malte after its remarkable launch during Carnival. Skol family campaign reinforced tthey family concept I tthey Skol way of approaching consumers, young, modern and innovative. Tthey campaign had more than 100,000 organic mentions on social media with 91% positive theyalth, which is tthey best result ever achieved for Skol campaign. So far Skol Puro Malte continue to show very, very encouraging results. Also, in tthey quarter we launctheyd tthey Skol Puro Malte barrow with an easy to open barrow cap allowing tthey brand join special consumer occasion. I will now spend a few moments talk about tthey drive smart affordability. As we mentioned before tthey value segment is characterized by tthey importance of brand equity. Moreover even though it’s quite irrelevant in terms of volume its share of tthey industry profit pool is very low. During tthey second quarter tthey share of tthey value segment of tthey total industry remains stable versus tthey first quarter, but below second quarter 2018. We are confident that once we start to see disposable income improving, we are likely to see tthey value segment trending back to its theirtorical levels. One of our approach to tthey value segment is to build regional connections, does create brand equity and affordable price point. And given local raw materials, local marketing and only most profitable package. We are also able to deliver very theyalthy margins. After tthey successful launch of Nossa in Magnífica we roll it out in June tthey beer Legitima in tthey state of Ceará tthey brand replicates tthey same successful strategy. Now moving to operational excellence, our mantra is wtheyrever we call it Brazil ttheyre has to be Ambev. Operational excellence has always been one of our biggest strengths and key differentials. Given that point of sales connect our brands to consumers, customers experience is a strong focus. We have been measuring tthey net promoter score of our customers in a consistent basis in order to understand and address tthey main pinpoints and improve tthey experience. As tthey premium segment advance, we are also able to implement hypersegmentation for mature markets, mature cities that we are rolling out to tthey country's main capital. That strategy trickles down to sales structure, differentiated trade market execution, flexibility on deliver time among ottheyrs. Such initiatives translate into premium volume growth, brand building and market share gain. Talking about technology, as we highlighted last quarter technology has been a key enable for us to support our strategic growth platforms. To optimize Ambev’s operations one of tthey focus of tthey quarter was tthey integration of HBSIS, expanding and improving technology to all tthey areas of Ambev with more agility and scale. On our relationship with customers, we're focus on freeing up sales representative time in order to focus on activities that get more value to tthey point of sales. As a consequence, sales which are not conducted by sales reps at site now account for 29% of tthey total volume of on-premise compared to 18% in tthey second quarter 2018. Part of ttheir was driven by Parceiro Ambev, our B2B tool and one of tthey largest e-commerce in tthey country with more than 100,000 clients. Let's talk briefly about a project called Draftline. With Draftline our main ambition is to reach out directly to consumers. Tthey levers for that goal are first, improving consumer intimacy, anticipating consumer needs and establishing one-to-one relationship at scale. Second, building up a proprietary audience base. Third, being able to extract real time consuming site. And last precise media. It’s tthey digital transformation, theylping us to understand deeply our consumers and connect better with ttheym. Now moving to our NAB division. We’re quite pleased with our performance ttheir quarter, volume growth came from all different segments in our portfolio. An important highlight is tthey premium brands such as Lipton and Tonica, which grew double-digits, bringing a high contribution to tthey portfolio mix. Talking about sustainability. Ttheir year, we are conducting tthey second edition of tthey program VOA, an internal consulting company with voluntary participation of our people, created to theylp NGOs to optimize ttheyir processes, budgets and also manage people and careers. In ttheir edition, 200 Ambev employees are working togettheyr with 75 selected NGOs impacting around 2 million people nationwide. AMA, our mineral water that converts all tthey profit obtained with tthey project to initiatives of access of potable water in tthey Brazilian semi-arid has reactheyd its 30 projects benefiting 30,000 people. Finally, so far 2019 has been a good year. Our portfolio of brand is delivering a theyalthy top line growth, theylping to offset tthey cyclical pressures arising from FX and commodities. Wtheyn you look beyond such costs theyadwind, we get even more excited about tthey strong fundamentals and growth potential of our business. We are only able to achieve such results in tthey first half, given tthey amazing people who have always been tthey foundation of our company. With our team, our culture and our consumer centric business model, we are confident in a strong position to deliver long-term sustainable growth. We can now move to tthey Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia Hi. Good morning, Bernardo, Tennenbaum. Thanks for tthey question and congratulations on tthey results. I wanted to ask a couple of things. Maybe first, I think you make a comment in tthey release about stronger performance in tthey North and tthey Norttheyast, which partly explain tthey mix and tthey revenue per theycto. Can you maybe expand on wtheyttheyr that is coming from stronger industry growth overall, market share gains, some of tthey initiatives in tthey portfolio that you had, over tthey last few months including in value and I would assume it's still a pretty low contribution, but anything that you can share ttheyre in terms of regional performance, that would be theylpful. And ttheyn secondly, which is related to ttheir, maybe an update on tthey sort of value of tthey mainstream segment, relative growth performance. I think earlier in Q1, you mentioned that you saw that inflection already. I think it was interesting that earlier today, Coca Cola FEMSA made similar comment in saying that tthey lower income consumers are coming back to some of those segments in ttheyir categories, which in itself would be a sign of sort of tthey trading down, maybe abating or inverting. So anything else that you can add on that discussion also would be very interesting to theyar. Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Hi, Luca, Thanks for tthey questions. Maybe to tthey volume, so just perhaps talking about tthey overall volume numbers that we had it was ttheyre to tthey 2.9% above last year, while tthey industry was flattish. So good news that we grew volume atheyad of tthey industry. And again, tthey performance that we have is a consequence of tthey investments, consistent investments behind our strategic performance I've been doing all of those things. And it’s important to point out that we have not seen disposal coming yet resuming growth, which would likely to provide a meaningful positive impact. Wtheyn we go to tthey premium segment, I mean, we have been saying ttheir I mean for many, many quarters that our strength is superior portfolio of brands, global brands, domestic brands, and we continue to gain share in ttheir segment, led by mainly for tthey soft and soft drinks because tthey industry of premium segment, it's bigger in tthey focus of Brazil and tthey focus of Brazil and given tthey disposal income that's higtheyr theyre. Wtheyn you look to tthey core, I think that have been doing a very good job and differentiating tthey families know tthey brands Skol and Brahma creating tthey fence. We started with Brahma three four years ago and ttheyn we have ttheyse two Skol that I mean it's performing pretty well. Now have Skol Puro, Skol Hops and Skol Puro Malte. And ttheyn I think that tthey group in tthey core in tthey Norttheyast, it's really above tthey average of tthey country because our market share ttheyre was lower. Because all those innovations that are bringing in tthey core was really theylping us ttheyre, not only tthey core, but core plus. We're growing Skol Puro Malte ttheyre a lot and Berlin as well. So tthey growth in tthey Norttheyast, just to answer specifically your questions. It's basically innovation, serving better tthey customers, tthey portfolio is stronger. And we are growing volumes atheyad of tthey industry and not only with tthey core brand, but with tthey -- our brands, local brands, like Magnesium Magnifica and Nossa that are really performing very, very well. And let's Always remember that those brands given tthey agreement that we have with tthey local farmers, tthey market is local ttheyse and so on, we are talking about good margins. Ttheyy are in a very good price point, but ttheyy have kind of core margins that theylp us to grow in tthey value segment with enough profitability. So -- which means that we are creating brand equity for those brands, people really like ttheir written on ink [ph]. And specifically link it to tthey value segment, tthey peak was at tthey end of last year. And ttheyn we saw in tthey first quarter, a decline of 200 basis points in tthey size of tthey segment that remain stable for tthey second quarter to tthey first one. But below last year and below tthey peak of December of tthey last quarter last year, which means that really think that tthey trigger from value to core started to happen. We think that tthey disposable income increasing or becoming better in a better shape in tthey future. Tthey core segment will benefit tthey most and tthey position that you have in tthey core segment was already strong, and even stronger now with tthey famous of Brahma and Skol performing pretty well. Luca Cipiccia Very clear. Thank you. Thank you, Bernardo. Thank you very much. Bernardo Paiva Thanks, Luca. Operator Tthey next question comes from Antonio Barreto with Itau. Please go atheyad. Antonio Barreto Hi, guys, good afternoon. Thank you for your question. First of all, wtheyn we think about -- wtheyn we talk to our pricing ctheycks and our channel ctheycks, we see prices of a couple of brands in tthey premium segment like Stella Artois and Budweiser for example, being gradually decreased. First of all -- but my first question, do you agree with that? And tthey second one, is it fair to say that you were pushing a little bit to tthey lower end of tthey pricing point in tthey premium segment? And as a commentary on that, ttheyre was one slide in your presentation for ttheir quarter talking about expanding tthey premium with scale. And I understand that that mostly means small brands in tthey premium segment. But could I interpret that as well as increasing tthey reach of tthey consumers unit premium segment with lower prices as well, maybe even transitioning some of ttheyse brands to tthey mainstream plus segment? And if that is tthey case, wouldn’t you run tthey risk of cannibalizing some brands in tthey core segment, can you comment on that? Bernardo Paiva Thanks for tthey question. Firstly, get to tthey price. It's very important to highlight that each brand has a different role and some price point. And given tthey premium is a portfolio gains is very, very important. So in tthey premium segment for example, Budweiser is our largest premium global brand in Brazil. And it plays a key role as a bridge from people who are trading up towards tthey premium segment. So ttheir is tthey role of Budweiser. Stella Artois its prices above Budweiser and Corona above Stella and we just launctheyd that in Brazil that will be priced between Stella and Corona. So basically ttheir is our pricing strategy didn't change. Linking to tthey channel specifically like you said, what you see is in Brazil, in mainly premium that are tthey big, big volume in tthey off trade are usually done via promo based on part of tthey retailer strategy to attract consumers to tthey stores. Ttheyre wasn’t any difference in pricing policy of tthey off-brands in relation to tthey first quarter. By tthey way as you see our performance in tthey [indiscernible] was above inflation even with our very strong growth in tthey North and Norttheyast of tthey country that we have lower price given tthey price of tthey industry ttheyre is lower as you know. So having said no change in tthey pricing policy. Linked to tthey innovation so ttheir is what tthey insight that you had is many ottheyr markets is ago. So we had all tthey numbers we studied ottheyr markets we leave it ttheyre and we knew that it would be a portfolio gain. We don’t find that mature market any brand that has more than 67% of market share. So we knew that Brazil would grow and tthey urban centers in tthey more theyalthy cities and states to tthey premium segment with tthey trade that would happen so to build tthey portfolio was very, very important. And that’s why we created kind of innovation mindset internally with skills, process, people to ensure that ttheir innovation machine would deliver a portfolio and a broader portfolio in tthey future. So that’s happening and will continue to happen because it’s a portfolio gain and you have amazing brands, you have global brands, regional brands, we have craft brands. And so we think that tthey premium will continue to be a portfolio gain and need to prepare ourselves like we have been doing to prepare that’s why we are gaining share in tthey premium segment for many, many quarters and are very confident continue to do so. Linked tthey trade up is specific what I see I don’t see a trade up, a big trade up from tthey core to tthey premium what I see for tthey future that it could be an opportunity for us, if tthey disposable income in tthey country resumes growth that I mean if it happens and ttheyn we always think that ttheir could happen. But tthey most important segment that we have tthey benefit of that will be tthey core segment. That tthey biggest change in terms of tthey size of tthey segment in tthey last four, five years was exactly core going down and value going up. Disposable income going up tthey trade up from core, from value to core would happen like happened in many, many markets and our core portfolio is very, very strong. I don’t see any issue in terms of a trade up from core to premium. And if it happens it’s not bad because it might have been better. So basically, we want to have to transit. Antonio Barreto Okay, thank you, Bernardo. Very clear. Just and I got anottheyr question, if we think about tthey ottheyr revenues in ttheir time around, we saw a little bit of a lower gain and it’d be a segment in tthey we’ve seen volatility in tthey past in tthey line, but you mentioned that you loss some benefits in Santa Catarina for example. So my question is how much of ttheir loss can you attribute Santa Catarina and how much is just normal volatility on tthey mix as you mentioned as well? And if you have any ottheyr benefit inside to expire in tthey upcoming years? Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Antonio ttheir is Fernando theyre. Most of tthey volatility was due to tthey regional mix and to wtheyre you are being producing because different states have different incentives. Tthey one that expire in tthey Santa Cattheyrina but it was a smaller portion of that and ttheyre is no ottheyr I think at least in tthey short-term ttheyre is no ottheyr meaningful one expiring. Antonio Barreto Thank you, Fernando. Operator Tthey next question comes from Thiago Duarte with BTG. Please go atheyad. Thiago Duarte Hi, theyllo everybody. I have a question circling back a little bit to tthey discussion about pricing in Brazil Beer. You guys made it pretty clear that tthey geographic mix somewhat offsets tthey premiumization even though you still managed to grow roughly in line with inflation. So I just wanted to get a little bit more detail two things that you didn’t comment on and I just wanted to make sure if ttheyre was an impact or not on tthey pricing side? Tthey number one is regarding packaging or presentation, what we theyard in our channel ctheycks is that ttheyre was a -- if you look on a year-over-year basis, tthey industry's much theyavier on cans as opposed to returnable bottles. So we just want to see and to theyar from you guys, wtheyttheyr you saw something like that affecting tthey mix, especially tthey presentation mix in tthey quarter? And secondly, in terms of discounts, right, wtheyn we look at your financials, and of course, you don't break it down for tthey Brazil Beer division, but you do offer tthey parent company and tthey consolidated perspectives ttheyre. I mean, we continue to see discounts as a percentage of gross revenues going down. And I remember I think, Fernando, we discussed that a few quarters ago and your point was that you continue to see room for reducing discounts from tthey levels that we had a year or two years ago. So just wanted to see if you really had lower discounts ttheir quarter, versus tthey last few quarters, and wtheyttheyr of course, you see more room for reduction because we are really at a very lower, much lower level compared to what we were some time ago? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Hi, Duarte. Thanks for tthey question. I think at first, I'm linking it to tthey -- I mean you talk about tthey initially talk on what bev revenues and ttheyn how tthey mix of regions can affect that. So tthey fact that tthey portfolio in tthey North and Norttheyast, it's stronger now. It's more on core market and value market ttheyre less than premium. And I think that we've over ttheyre a lot in both segments tthey portfolio approach not only in tthey fact that I've been talking a lot in terms of tthey regional brands, Magnifica, et cetera, but as well in terms of core. So core, core plus is we're gaining volume way atheyad of tthey industry in those regions and I atheyad of tthey average of tthey full country. And tthey portfolio of core is theyalthy not only Brahma is doing well, but Skol family is doing well Skol Puro Malte and Botheymia. And because of tthey price of those markets was always below tthey parts of tthey [indiscernible] you have ttheir regional mix impact, because really tthey growth ttheyre is really significant. That's good news, because we have been working hard in terms of tthey go-to-market ttheyre with tthey portfolio approach. You have to really be able to grow that was tthey -- always was tthey reason that our market share was not as we expected and below average of tthey full country. So opportunity ttheyre in tthey packages with tthey portfolio approach in tthey main segments ttheyre that’s core and value in those markets, like I said before. We get to tthey camps and RGBs, we continue to push tthey RGBs in tthey right way so that in a mere one year [ph] so that's very, very important and continue to see opportunity of growth on that because you know that 50% of people already 8 plus in Brazil, ttheyy don't drink beer in 80% of tthey city is 50% is that because ttheyy have money constraints. And ttheyn with disposable income going up, I think tthey RGB will be even more important to expand tthey availability to accessibility to tthey -- our core brand. But having said that, what we saw first tthey premium segments growing and premium segments growing and we are gaining share in ttheir segment. And premium segment mostly one way. So cans -- we saw cans growing but because of that. And tthey second thing wtheyn we launch a new brand, we innovate something in a very strong way like Skol Puro Malte like tthey Botheymia Pure Malte. Tthey first volume that comes because tthey big trial on that comes from one way because mix up people who try a new brand, a new liquid ttheyy will not buy one liter bottle very terrible to do that. Ttheyy will buy a can; ttheyy buy along that. So those two effects yes push a little bit tthey weight of tthey cans in our mix, but for good reasons premium is growing and innovation in tthey core is doing pretty well. So that's explain a little bit tthey trends in tthey cans based on your question. So now I'll Fernando. Fernando Tennenbaum Thiago, on our cash on discounts. At tthey end of tthey day, you are always find ways to be more efficient, be through tthey age impact, be tthey through to how we price it because you know that ttheyre is some inefficiencies specially in tthey off trade and overtime, as process improves, as you get more efficient you try to find ways to be more efficient on that line. And that's why you'll be seeing tthey difference between gross and net revenues diminishing overtime. Of course, tthey bulk of that has already been done. But ttheyre is always room to be a little bit better on that. But I wouldn't say ttheyre is a huge space to improve a lot. Bernardo Paiva Just to anottheyr -- I mean, just to add on that in terms of tthey mix. And tthey biggest, tthey biggest, by far effect in our cost of goods sold ttheir quarter was FX and aluminum that is typical. That's why tthey performance in top-line so important, because you know that’s cyclical including tthey last numbers that we saw for aluminum, I mean are good numbers and including tthey currency went down against U.S. dollars kind of 4, 3.75 to 3.76. So if you continue and our plan to continue to perform well in top-line and ttheir cost effect is cyclical, it's very good news for tthey future. Thiago Duarte Yes. Thank you very much. Just a little follow-up theyre. Just to make sure I understood tthey maths, especially on tthey first part. So you described Bernardo tthey increase in tthey one way presentations, tthey big part of that mostly as a -- let's say innovation and introduction of several liquids and extensions that you guys introduced in tthey in tthey recent past. So would you say that, if you exclude that effect, you could see more room for growth in returnables or a more favorable mix. Just for me to understand how you guys see ttheir packaging and presentation mix evolving in tthey future? Just want to follow up theyre. Bernardo Paiva It's not, I mean, I gave a guidance on that, because tthey markets can move. But just so, if tthey core labels, because innovation and profitable innovation in core with new brands and because tthey planning, tthey premium segment is growing with higtheyr margins, innovation, higtheyr margin is coming. We are gaining share in premium is not bad, it's good for tthey business. Because we did have a day, I mean, we are explaining tthey industry and we are gaining share in each specifically segment. That’s tthey aim and that's why that’s our plan for tthey premium segment. So that's good news. So can going full premium, it's very good margins are better and expanded tthey industry, and I am gaining share in tthey segment that's growing. But having said that, I see it's not in tthey numbers tthey opportunity of tthey RGB to theylp us and ttheir trade up from value to core, wtheyn disposable income start to resume growth in our country theyre in Brazil is happening with tthey core brands, tthey innovation that we have tthey Skol family, tthey Brahma family I think yes one leader represents a great opportunity of trade up from value. And to core and including from people that not even drink today, because of money restrictions. So it's both, actually both opportunities, RGB in core, trade up in premium innovation with better margin even sold in one way package. Does that theylp? Thiago Duarte Yes. Very clear, thank you very much. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Duarte. Operator Tthey next question comes from Antonio Gonzalez with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Antonio Gonzalez Good morning, Bernardo and Fernando. Thank you for taking my question. Just two quick ones. Tthey first one on Skol. Last quarter, you mentioned that tthey entire family was growing, right? And ttheir quarter, you made some very positive comments on tthey pure malt line extension. But you didn't comment on tthey family overall. Can you comment on wtheyttheyr that growth for tthey family continued into 2Q? And I don't know if you can mention any trends, as you do tthey rollout of pure malt is cannibalization on Skol Pilsen increasing is it in line with your expectations? And also perhaps tthey upgrading from value to mainstream remain flattish, right quarter-on-quarter. So I don't know if that has an impact on tthey mottheyr brand Skol? So that's number one. And ttheyn number two very quickly, you've been talking about ttheyse tech enabled solutions right over tthey last few quarters, Ambev and so forth. And ttheir is enhancing your ability to serve tthey point of sale. I presume, ttheir is also explaining part of tthey growth in tthey Norttheyrn and tthey Norttheyast you can increased frequency of visits in remote places and so forth. So I wanted to ask at ttheir stage what is tthey bottleneck to accelerate ttheyse better services, is it tthey macro environment itself you're waiting for tthey macro to recover even furttheyr to accelerate ttheyse investments or really it is just tthey pace of execution that you can sustain at tthey moment in order to increase tthey frequency of visits and tthey quality of service in ttheyse particularly in tthey North, Norttheyast in tthey more difficult to access areas? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Yes, Antonio, thanks for tthey question. Maybe tthey first question makes it to Skol, very happy with tthey Skol family, we don't disclose tthey growth per brand. And we could say that Skol Puro Malte is a major success launch we have created and changes ttheir whole family volume trend, big time. That theylp tthey full business a lot. Always to bear in mind that tthey second quarter with Copa America and with tthey country music platform was theyavy more on Brahma. But that -- and reactivate Skol, not as we activated Brahma in tthey second quarter. So -- but it's clear that tthey trend for tthey Skol family is a big, big change and Skol Puro Malte is not even I mean 100% launctheyd because as I said before, theyre in tthey Q&A, people -- I mean wtheyn we launch a product like that, it’s a huge success, because start to trial tthey product and ttheyn you start to front back and ttheyn move to ottheyr pack to ottheyr channels. So we're still launching Skol Puro Malte, it’s theyalthy, tthey brand equity of tthey Skol mottheyr brand and tthey full family. So very happy with tthey results of Skol overall. We have a major trend shift in terms of volume of that brands and Skol Puro Malte is really doing amazingly well. Ttheir is your first question. Tthey second question, I have been working ttheir digital transformation in tthey company for some years and just bought [indiscernible] to theylp us grow even faster. I think that it’s theylping us in many, many fronts not only tthey -- wtheyn I talk about tthey point of sale, but I discuss about tthey direct line, we can discuss about tthey processes internally how we can optimize tthey process using technology to assure that our SG&A will continue to be in good shape. I think specific to tthey point of sales we see a huge opportunity for us because we have a right touring ttheyre, we have context of those points of sales weekly for many, many years. We are increasing big time our basic service for those customers, our NPS is growing, we created three years ago a client service area internally theyre in Ambev in Brazil in ottheyr countries as well for sure that ttheir NPS will continue to evolve and evolving big time. And with that makes much more easier to implement a B2B too. So that's growing a lot. And I think that tthey pace of growth, it's more linked, and that’s growing fast, it could go faster, could. But ttheyre is an abduction time of tthey two for tthey customers is not a think of lack of focus or even lack of investment. So we're investing our focus on that is very important technology. It's embedded in our DNA and tthey adoption will happen, and it's very strong tthey next -- last year 80% of our sales and on trade was done in tthey same quarter and site visits via ottheyr ways of order taking. So -- which means that way 82% was in site visits. So ttheir number was 18% tthey ottheyr quarter, ttheir quarter is 29%, it’s a big evolution in terms of tthey contact strategy to tthey box to tthey point of sales. Antonio Gonzalez That's very theylpful. Thank you, Bernardo. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Antonio. Operator Tthey next question is from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein Great. A couple of questions. I think you were asked ttheir, but I'm not sure I theyard tthey answer. Net revenue per theyctoliter up 3.7%. Did you give us a number of what that would have been on a constant geographic basis? Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Robert. We don't disclose that, but you can bet it to be better than that on a constant geographic basis. Robert Ottenstein Okay, and ttheyn in terms of pricing ttheir year, will it be tthey normal timeframe or perhaps in August like you've done in ottheyr years? Fernando Tennenbaum It's not going to be much different than in past years. Some of tthey pricing is already in tthey market like some of that we already started in July for some SKUs. Robert Ottenstein It’s a little bit earlier. Bernardo Paiva It's more or less similar to last year, you don't increase all tthey packages exactly tthey same day. So for some SKUs, you already started, but it's going to be -- it's happened in tthey third quarter like it happened last year. Robert Ottenstein Great. And ttheyn my last question, you now have a very strong portfolio of global international brands bringing Beck’s in, Bud, Stella, Beck’s, Corona. And you gave us a little bit of sense of kind of tthey pricing ladder. Would your expectations also be that tthey volume will be kind of tthey correlated such that tthey lower price ones would have tthey most volume so that Bud would be tthey largest volume Corona tthey least? And tied to that, have you had any surprises in terms of tthey customer acceptance of ttheyse brands, like a lot of ttheyse brands are new to tthey customers in Brazil. Any thoughts in terms of how ttheyy've been accepted and surprises along those lines? Bernardo Paiva I think, as you already said, tthey portfolio approach will be tthey win approach. And that’s by tthey way what's happening tthey last many questions have been gaining share in tthey premium segment. And tthey beauty of that that you have entry brands in that specific segment like Budweiser. It’s amazing brand it’s very good, it is a bigger brand and you build a portfolio from ttheyre. And I'm not even talking about some brands theyre. We have a local craft that we just launctheyd. A lager like a little bit beer in terms of tthey liquid, but you launctheyd it Colorado Ribeirão Lager that's growing a lot. So I really, I am not tthey stages of that specific brands and business start to scale up in tthey prices weak. Last year. I mean, we have been moving a lot in tthey way that we innovate. So we do more pilots, we understand in small cities, in regions. So let's see we launctheyd it brands are not specifically, many important brands in tthey portfolio in tthey South of tthey country. And was an amazing result, it was an amazing result that's will scale up for tthey future. Not give 100% cover to say tthey name of tthey brand, but just saying that wtheyn I talk about tthey expansion of a portfolio of premium, it's not only tthey expansion, but tthey way that we do it tthey way that we innovate, doing small pilots. And ttheyn I mean, make success case ttheyre and ttheyn go I mean new things to big things and bigger to bigger things. So I mean, we adjusted in tthey last years tthey innovation process. That theylps us we have a theyalthy pipeline in not only tthey premium but in tthey core as well, but specifically in premium, bringing brands with different price levels that we are assure towards tthey profitability of tthey overall portfolio is pretty good and we have one brand for specific occasion for specific price points. For each specific occasion, each specific price point. Robert Ottenstein Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Thanks Robert. Operator Excuse me, ttheir concludes our question and answer session, I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bernardo Paiva for any closing remarks. Bernardo Paiva So, thanks for tthey attention. I think that we continue to be very excited about tthey implementation of our strategic platforms, not only Brazil, but in tthey ottheyr countries. I think that consistency is tthey name of tthey game to win in a market that demands a connection. And even more with people that we were going to use every day. We are really truly consumer centric company and really very excited about tthey prospects of tthey portfolio of tthey brands of tthey way that we operate. Thanks a lot. Have a nice day. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.