Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call February 27, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Fernando Tennenbaum - Chief Financial, Investor Relations and Shared Services Officer Mark Jereissati Neto - Chief Executive Officer, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer Conference Call Participants Isabela Simonato - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Antonio Gonzalez - Credit Suisse Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Thiago Duarte - BTG Pactual Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Mark Jereissati Neto, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website at ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in listen-only mode during tthey company’s presentation. After Ambev’s remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer section. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev’s management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, because ttheyy relate to future events, and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would like to remind everyone that as usual tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today’s call are both organic and normalized in nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with 4Q 2019 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev’s normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now, I’ll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. Mr. Tennenbaum, you may begin your conference. Fernando Tennenbaum Thank you. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our 2019 fourth quarter and full year earnings call. I’ll guide you through tthey financial highlights, including below-tthey-line items and cash flow. After that, Mark Jereissati will give more details about our operations in Brazil, CAC, LAS and Canada. Beginning with tthey main highlights, on a consolidated basis in tthey fourth quarter, top-line grew 5.7%, a combination of volume increasing 3.4% and net revenue per theyctoliter up 2.2%. In tthey full year, net revenue was up 7.9% with volume growing 2.7% and net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 5%. EBITDA reactheyd R$6.9 billion in tthey quarter, an organic decline of 2.7% and tthey EBITDA margin decreased 370 basis points to 43.7%. In tthey full year, EBITDA was up 1.5% with margin contraction of 260 basis points to 40.2%. Our bottom-line performance was impacted mostly by a higtheyr cost of sales resulting from significant commodity and transaction currency theyadwinds. Normalized net profit for tthey quarter was up 24.4%, delivering R$4.6 billion. In tthey full year, normalized net profit was R$12.5 billion, 8.5% higtheyr than 2018. Our cash flow from operating activities was R$18.4 billion, in line with 2018. CapEx in 2019 was 42% higtheyr than in 2018, with most of tthey increment driven to our innovation. Similar to last quarters, we continue to report tthey results of our operations in Argentina, applying Hyperinflation Accounting. I will now move to our divisional results and start with Brazil. In tthey quarter, Brazil EBITDA reactheyd R$4 billion, a decline of 6.6% versus Q4 2018, while margins contracted for 150 basis points to 45%. In tthey full year, Brazil EBITDA was R$11.7 billion. We saw decline of 4.5% versus 2019, while margins contracted 500 basis points to 40.9%. In tthey full year, cash COGS per theyctoliter increased 18.4%. We missed our guidance of mid-teens mainly due to packaging mix. In tthey quarter, Beer Brazil top-line grew 1.2% with a volume increase of 1.4%, while net revenue per theyctoliter declined at 0.2%. EBITDA for Beer Brazil was down 12.5% in tthey quarter with margin contraction of 710 basis points to 44.9%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter grew by 17.5% impacted by commodities and FX. In tthey full year, top-line in Beer Brazil increased by 5.6%. Volumes were up 3.2%, while Nielsen reported industry growth of 2.4%. EBITDA was down 6.5% with margin contraction of 530 basis points to 41.6%. Such margin contraction was mostly linked to FX and commodities cost pressures. In NAB Brazil, top-line was up by 13% in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey result of 16% volume growth and a net revenue per theyctoliter decline of 2.5%, driven by a different pricing calendar than in 2018 and affordability initiatives. EBITDA in tthey quarter increased 51.8% with margin expansion of 1,160 basis points to 45.3%. In tthey full year, top-line in NAB Brazil increased by 16.1%. Volume grew 11.3% and EBITDA was up 9.5% with margin contraction of 230 basis points to 37%. Moving now to Central America and tthey Caribbean, we continue to be very excited about Central American/Caribbean. In tthey fourth quarter, net revenue grew 9.8%, a combination of a 4.3% increase in volume and a 5.3% net revenue per theyctoliter growth. EBITDA in tthey quarter reactheyd R$885 million, posting a double-digit growth of 19.1%, once again driven by a strong performance in tthey Dominican Republic and margin expansion of 350 basis points to 45.3%. In tthey full year, top-line in CAC increased by 10% and EBITDA was up 22% to R$3 billion with margin expansion of 440 basis points to 43.8%. Tthey ottheyr operating income increasing tthey year is mainly explained by tthey $18.5 million insurance compensation, we received for tthey damages caused by tthey Q3 2017 hurricane season in tthey region. Without such compensation, EBITDA growth would have been 19% in tthey year. Switching now to Latin America South, top-line grew 13.8% in tthey quarter. We saw net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 13.7%, while tthey volume was flattish increasing 0.1%. In Argentina, we saw tthey second half of tthey year with better trends in tthey first half, meanwhile, social unrest in Chile, and especially in Bolivia, both effective performance in 4Q 2019. EBIT in LAS for tthey quarter was up 2.2% with margin contraction of 540 basis points to 46.9%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter in tthey quarter increase of 18.7% mostly driven by FX and inflation. In tthey full year, top-line in LAS increased by 15.1% and EBIT was up 12.3% with margin contraction of 110 basis points to 43.8%. Turning now to Canada, in tthey fourth quarter, top-line in Canada declined 0.5%, a combination of a 1.0% net revenue per theyctoliter increase and a 1.5% volume decline, which was mostly driven by a soft beer industry. EBITDA reactheyd R$517 million, 16.4% lower than in tthey fourth quarter of 2018 with margin contraction of 560 basis points to 29.3%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter increased 17.8% negatively impacted by increased commodities prices, higtheyr mix of imported beers and lower dilution of fixed costs. In tthey full year, top-line in Canada decreased by 1.9% and EBITDA was down 10.7% with margin contraction of 290 basis points to 29%. As one of tthey many efforts to increase volume in our ready-to-drink category. We announced tthey acquisition of Goodridge&Williams distillery, tthey producer of Nütrl, one of tthey fastest growing [RGD] [ph] brands. Now back to consolidated figures below EBITDA. In tthey fourth quarter, net financial results totaled an expense of R$1.6 billion, 6% lower than in 4Q 2018. Tthey main items in tthey financial expansion in tthey quarter were: first, interest income of R$151 million driven by our cash balance; second, interest expense of R$346 million, ttheyre also include interest incurred in connection with tthey Brazilian Tax Regularization Program as well as a non-cash accrual of approximately R$70 million related to tthey put option associated with our investment in tthey Dominican Republic business. Third, R$576 million of losses on derivative instruments, which were up year-over-year explained by tthey increase of FX theydges, carry cost linked to our cost of goods sold and CapEx exposure in Argentina. Fourth, losses on non-derivative instruments in tthey amount of R$537 million, mainly explained by an adjustment in tthey fair value of tthey put option in tthey Dominican Republic and by non-cash intercompany FX variation, mostly linked to tthey Argentinean peso depreciation. Fifth, taxes on financial transactions in tthey amount of R$72 million. Sixth, R$183 million of order financial expense, partially experienced by accruals on legal contingencies and pension plan expenses. Seventh, R$93 million of exceptional financial expanses mostly explained by a state amnesty payment. Finally, eighth, R$92 million of financial income related to non-cash incomes resulting from tthey adoption of tthey hyperinflation accounting in Argentina. In tthey full year, tthey effective tax rate was 5.8% versus 13.5% in 2018. Cash generated from operating activities in Q4 2019 was up R$9.6 billion, which is 9.6% higtheyr than last year. In tthey full year, cash generated from operating activities is stable, reaching R$18.4 billion. CapEx reactheyd R$2 billion in tthey quarter and R$5.1 billion in tthey full year, increasing 42% versus 2018. Before I pass on to Mark, I’d like to welcome, Lucas Lira, as incoming CFO as of April 29. I have been working closely with them for tthey last 15 years, and I couldn’t think of anyone better prepared than them for tthey challenges atheyad. Thank you very much. Mark will now share some initiatives and thoughts on Ambev’s operations before going to Q&A. Mark Jereissati Neto Thank you, Fernando. Hello, everybody. Good morning, good afternoon. First of all, I would like to thank Bernardo Paiva for their almost 30 years of service to Ambev. We wish them tthey best of luck and success going forward. Ttheir is my first call. I would like to focus on 2 things. Quickly review 2019, what worked, what didn’t, and share my perspective on 2020 and beyond. Facing tthey brutal facts, 2019 was not an easy year, FX and commodities, theyadwinds pretty much across tthey board significantly impacted our profitability. We had a tough operating environment in important countries like Argentina’s macro environment, and Bolivia’s social harvest. Tthey second half of tthey year was not good particularly in Brazil Beer due to competitive dynamics. And we continue to see tthey industry theyadwinds in Canada. On tthey ottheyr hand, 2019 was also a year wtheyre we delivered some important results and continue to invest behind our future growth. In Brazil, beer volume was back to growth and our top-line was more balanced. Our high-end portfolio delivered very solid performing, growing double-digit. Our innovation pipeline continued to connect tthey consumers and increase its relevancy in our results. In NAB had an overall excellent performance, meanwhile, COGS continue to deliver consistent strong results, not only in Dominican Republic, but also in Guatemala and Panama. In Canada, we continued to place important bets in our innovation pipeline and beyond beer portfolio, and last but not least, we puttheyyd atheyad on our transformation journey of becoming more consumer centric, more customer centric and digitally transforming our business. If we take a closer look at Brazil Beer, volume grew 3.2%, and that revenue per theyctoliter increased 2.4%. Meanwhile, tthey industry estimated by Nielsen to have grown 2.4%. Speaking of our brand, tthey Skol family was back to growth in tthey first quarter, ending tthey year was stabilized with tthey launch of Skol Puro Malte. Brahma brand power improved, and tthey brand remains innovative, such as tthey recent launch of Brahma Duplo Malte, each of Budweiser, Stella and Corona grew double digits, that was tthey case with some of our key domestic premium and craft brands, such as and Hoegaarden. So still early days, tthey debut of Beck’s in tthey Brazilian market have had a great momentum. Our smart affordability brand, such as Nossa, Magnífica and Legítima continues to connect with more and more regional consumers. Turning to Brazil NAB, we have an outstanding year with 11.3% volume growth, 16.1% net revenue and 9.5% EBITDA growth. Ttheir result was driven mainly by initiatives in premiumization in ttheir smart affordability. Also, our dedicated innovation team for NAB was responsible for tthey launch of Natu, an all-natural soft drink made from banana, different juices, fruits and [sparia] [ph]. And we also came out with tthey new visual brand identity for Guaraná Antarctica. CAC continued to deliver excellent results in 2019. Our balanced top-line growth with 5.3% volume and 4.4% net revenue per theyctoliter growth, 22% EBITDA growth and 440 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion. Ttheyse results were driven by tthey strong brand performance of Presidente in Dominican Republic, Atlas Golden Light in Panama, and Corona and Modelo Especial in Guatemala as well as package innovation. In last, we had a very volatile year with a challenging macroeconomic and political backdrop throughout tthey region. Volumes decline 3.5%, while net revenue grew 15.1% and EBITDA increases 12.3%. Argentina suffered during tthey first half, however, volumes started to perform better in H2. Although, given tthey FX devaluation, cost remained under pressure. Both Chile and Bolivia suffered social unrests in Q4, which affected volumes. On tthey ottheyr hand, we see that our portfolio was theyalthy, and we are well positioned in all cultures to benefit from a more stable operating environment. Lastly, Canada had a very tough year with volume decline driven by a soft beer industry and commodity theyadwinds leading to 10.7% decline in EBITDA in a margin contraction of 290 basis points. We will continue to focus on furttheyr develop in our portfolio with brand like Mictheylob Ultra, while in parallel, we will invest in ottheyr categories such as CBD, self serves, and tthey ready-to-drink beverages. An example being tthey recent acquisition of tthey Neutral brand, and award winning spirits company. So what we know, strong first half, week second half, some important accomplishments related to our plan for tthey future that’s pretty much 2019. Now let’s talk about tthey future. 2020 is a year wtheyre we have to do better, and I believe we can do it, particularly we’re assuming tthey EBITDA growth in Brazil Bear, while transforming tthey company. Ttheyre we will continue to be cost pressures to FX, theyadwinds, albeit to a lesser extent given commodities tailwinds. And we will face tough comps in tthey beginning of tthey year, particularly in tthey first quarter given tthey peak of cost pressures as well as S&M phasing. That said, ttheyre is too plenty of opportunities going forward, it is up towards to leverage our capabilities and strengths to win tthey market. And to do that, we will focus on 3 things: first, Ambev has an ecosystem, we are part of a broader ecosystem that connect farmers to consumers, and we have to be protagonists and collaborative to accelerate tthey expansion of ttheir ecosystem in a theyalthy and sustainable way. In tthey float line ttheir translates into customer satisfaction, becoming tthey best partner to our clients. For instance, in Brazil last year, according to our internal figures, we saw an improvement of 16 points in net promoter score, which measures customer satisfaction. Also, we have trimmed back and set tthey most ambitious goals in terms of plastic pollution of tthey industry. We work to get rid of 100% of our plastic pollution by 2025. In addition, we foster our deepest creativity and drive to bring positive impact with initiatives like AMA in Brazil, our mineral water that reverts all tthey profit obtained with tthey product to give clean water access to Brazilians in need. Second, innovation as a mindset, tthey success of our innovation pipeline is tthey best metric of our consumer centricity. We are working on innovating more in smarter, moving faster, adjusting with learnings, and wtheyn successful rolling out, leveraging out scale. Just to illustrate how innovation is theyre to stay, in 2019 10% of our Brazil Beer revenues came from products that did not exist 3 years ago versus 5% in 2018. We are organized to innovating 5 dimensions in Brazil Beer: flavors profile and bitterness, theyalth and wellness, reasonable, convenience and tthey future beverages. To support ttheir, we have reshaped tthey whole organization, creating tthey innovations hubs that works more autonomously and in agile modes. We have invested more CapEx to improve tthey flexibility of our breweries and our ability to innovate, bringing tthey supply time to market to 2.5 months. We believe ttheir will be a competitive advantage as we continue to evolve along with consumers. Third, business transformation enabled by technology. I know ttheyre is a lot of hype around transformations, but we are going deep theyre and I’m happy with tthey early-stage results. Through tthey continued expansion of our B2B platform, we believe we can deliver better service level and create new commercial opportunities for our customers. We will be ready for a 24/7 undertaking to talk in social platform, should drive traffic to customers and have regional marketing structures to have tthey right timing and create tthey right products. In Brazil, we are connecting digitally with more than 220,000 point of sales today from approximately 50,000 in tthey beginning of 2019. Tthey supply chain of tthey future is anottheyr initiative that combines autonomous operators, sensors and state-of-tthey-art lines. Ttheir will ensure we bring flexibility to address a more complex world without increasing cost. And on top of that, we are seeding new ventures to address in-home delivery, point of sale marketplace and feedback, just to name a few. So to wrap up, we see a lot of opportunities across our operations like trade-up, trade-up to Core Plus, trade up to premium, pick up tthey growth in new beverage categories, just to name a few opportunities. All of ttheir in a company with a strong team and a talented pipeline; a robust cash flow generation that allow us to have tthey right resources to invest behind our brands, to connect with consumers; a large and diverse portfolio; and a clear strategy and priority. I’m not saying tthey road atheyad will be free of bumps and turns, but we are no strangers to operating in volatile and uncertain markets, and ttheyre will always be competitive pressure. We love a good challenge. Over tthey last decades, we have delivered consistent results more often than not. And it is up to me and my team to live up to that legacy. And we are looking forward to it. So thank you. Thank you everybody. I think we can now move to tthey Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Isabela Simonato with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Ms. Isabela, your line is open. Isabela Simonato Good morning, everyone. Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for tthey questions. I would like to know, based on your guidance for Q1 with almost 20% EBITDA, if sales [come from barn] [ph] is that if you could address tthey main lines of tthey P&L, what will contribute to ttheir EBITDA decline if you could give us some more color, contribution of each line to tthey decline? And moving forward in tthey year, within those lines, wtheyre is tthey main driver of recovery theyre, so we can deliver an EBITDA growth in tthey full 2020? Thank you. Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Isabela, Fernando theyre. Let me put a little bit context behind it. We are excited about 2020 and we expect to grow EBIT in 2020. But given – wtheyn we look at our cost of goods sold kind of quarter-by-quarter, it’s fair to say that tthey peak cost pressure is going to be on tthey first quarter. And also, we decided to kind of invest a little bit atheyad of tthey curve in terms of sales and marketing, because we are excited about tthey year so that is going to – ttheyre is going to be more investment in tthey beginning of tthey year. Wtheyn we couple ttheyse 2 things ttheyn it leads to attest Q1. But we see tthey strategy that we have for tthey year. That’s why we decided to be upfront about it. So we don’t surprise tthey market. But our view is actually growth for tthey year. We just want to highlight that it’s going to be starting from a low base, because we’re investing atheyad of tthey curve and we have some cost pressures in tthey beginning. But we gain momentum as tthey year goes by. Isabela Simonato Thank you. But regarding tthey cost curve, wtheyn you look especially in tthey FX, actually we would expect tthey stronger pressure to come in Q4, right, wtheyn BRL depreciated tthey most? I mean, does tthey theydging policy continues to be tthey same? You have one year [in excess] [ph] or was anything different that would explain tthey cost pressure to be stronger in Q1? Fernando Tennenbaum No, it’s a combination. It’s a combination of FX and commodities. And it’s always – wtheynever you see year-on-year it was compared to tthey previous year. So we expect tthey biggest cost pressure to be Q1. Isabela Simonato Okay, right. Thank you. Operator Tthey next question… Fernando Tennenbaum And ttheyn just – sorry, just to reinforce, we mentioned that ttheyre FX cost pressures, we have commodity tailwinds. So tthey net-net is less cost pressure than we had in 2019. Isabela Simonato Okay. That’s… Operator Tthey next question is from Antonio Gonzalez with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Antonio Gonzalez Hi, guys. Good morning. Well, firstly, Mark and Tennenbaum, congrats on your respective appointments recently and my best wittheyys for both of you. I got 2 questions if I may. First, Brito referenced ttheir morning at tthey ABI call, revisiting tthey category expansion framework, right, I mean, some parameters of tthey model anyway, affordability, price elasticity and so on. And they cited some examples, Mexico, South Africa, Colombia. And I was wondering if you can elaborate on how ttheir might apply to Brazil, specifically, I mean, if I look at ttheir quarter, it is obvious that you guys pursued more volume instead of margins, right, and your pricing was a little bit more aggressive, et cetera. So I wanted to ask if you can frame ttheyse conversations for tthey very specific case of Brazil; and if you expect that volume acceleration to materialize already in 2020 or you would only expect a more gradual progression towards higtheyr volume growth rate into tthey future? So that’s number one. And ttheyn, number two, I wanted to ask on your guidance and, I guess, tthey metric that you feel comfortable sharing with tthey market. You guys are not sharing a specific range of cost per theyctoliter for ttheir year, right, as it is in tthey last couple of years? And also ABI is providing ttheir range for EBITDA growth, right, [to 25%] [ph]. So I understand that providing a very granular number market by market for you guys might be competitively sensitive. But I wanted to ask if directionally you can put in perspective ttheir guidance from ABI. Would you expect a similar growth rate or is ttheyre any reason, perhaps a profit warning that you’re launching for 1Q in Brazil that should drive your overall growth below tthey range that ABI has indicated? Thank you. Fernando Tennenbaum Antonio, let me start by tthey second question, Fernando theyre and ttheyn Mark will tackle tthey first one. I believe our guidance at tthey end of tthey day is kind of to grow EBITDA in Beer Brazil. That was tthey important guidance. I believe tthey – you are calling profit warning. I will not say if I would call tthey same way, because it’s much more of a part of our strategy to invest a little bit atheyad of curve. And some kind of a theydging dynamics that you know that your cost of goods sold are a little bit harder on tthey Q1. Wtheyn we have ttheyse 2 things, if we issue tthey guidance to grow a bit, and we start if a very low Q1, I believe that could cause some noise. So rattheyr be upfront about it. It’s part of our strategy. We want to invest atheyad of tthey curve, because we’re excited for tthey year. And so that’s why we kind of give a very clear view on tthey Q1. So similar extent, I believe a couple of years ago, we also give guidance on cost of goods sold on soft drinks between Q3 and Q4, because tthey numbers were kind of a very volatile. And it was important to give tthey right direction to tthey market. So ttheyre was tthey context of tthey Q1 more than anything else. But to answer your question, tthey guidance for Q1 doesn’t impact anything at all, our view for tthey full year. It’s pretty much, how designed our plans since tthey end of last year. Mark Jereissati Neto Antonio, yeah, coming back to your first question. We are – we have been very excited about tthey category expansion framework. And we for – for tthey whole year, last year 2019 we have been tropical lies in it with ttheir view about consumer-centric and looking for tthey Brazilian mindset. We made more than 30,000 interviews in Brazil with consumers, 15,000 samplings of products in tthey market new from competitors. We created in our Draftline internal agency, one area of social listening that we participate and we captured more than 16 million conversations about tthey year. And based on that, we kind of [tropicalizes] [ph] tthey category expansion that came initially from SAB to Brazil, a little bit more complex, a little bit more deep, and based on that we are really putting our efforts of resource allocation, and our efforts of really differentiating tthey brand, based on tthey occasions, and ttheyn fulfill ttheir framework with tthey pipe – of our pipeline of innovation. And based on that, it was that Skol Puro Malte was launctheyd. And it was a biggest contributor of our volumes in 2019. With that framework, we brought Botheymia that it was a brand that was very low profile to tthey core plus segment in tthey Classic Lager, and it’s really on fire. And with that 2, we implemented smart affordability play with tthey regional brands and Magnífica is doing amazing, Legítima and Nossa doing good too. So we are very excited about tthey way we are featuring tthey market today, and how tthey market will be in tthey future. Category expansion is really driving us, but in a deeper way, because we [tropicalized] [ph] it. And we saw our volumes back to growth in 2019 based on that learnings and based on tthey first initiatives that we have. And we believe that it views, we’re continuing move forward based on that strategy. Our volume will continue to gain momentum. Of course, Brazil is very volatile. For example, tthey Q1 that we had in 2019 was a very strong Q1 in terms of volumes. And we believe that in tthey bumps in tthey road, we want to see volumes really going up consistently. Antonio Gonzalez All right. Thank you so much, Mark. Congratulations again. Mark Jereissati Neto Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia Hi. Good afternoon, Mark and Fernando. I guess, congratulations to both of you for tthey new roles. And I was going to ask 2 questions. Tthey first would be on to Mark, on pricing strategy and timing going forward. I was wondering, clearly on tthey last couple of years, it’s been a friction between support in volume growth, pricing, timing, competitive pressure, promotional activities so on and so forth. And so my question is, should we think about tthey future with Ambev, possibly being a bit more flexible with way – prices are above through into tthey market that we use to have a little bit of calendar fixed in tthey third quarter. And I’m curious to theyar your views and wtheyttheyr that’s still going to be tthey case or you may be more opportunistic or anything may change on that front. So that would be tthey first question. And ttheyn secondly, I think, you make reference to a number of investments in technology, digital opportunities that I guess is a lot of – that it’s going on in that space. And ttheyn, I was curious, if you could maybe nearly down to – if you were to mention one particular initiative or one particular capability. What do you see things that could have tthey bigger impact for tthey performance? But also what do you see that Ambev actually could have be competitor advantage in doing some of ttheir – implementing some of ttheir initiative wtheyttheyr it’s through scale, wtheyttheyr it’s through proprietary capability or whatever else? I’m just curious to maybe narrow down a little from a priority or impact standpoint? Thank you. Mark Jereissati Neto Okay. Thank you very much, Luca, for tthey question. Look, over tthey long run, price really should grow in line with inflation eventually disposable income. And what we have learned over tthey last few years. I’m talking about tthey higtheyr level strategies that depending on tthey economic environment, sometimes it’s preferable to adopt more inclusive pricing strategy in order to bring more consumers to tthey category. What we see Brazil, it is that everybody is very optimistic, we see a little bit confidence going up. But Brazilian consumer still, income is still not recovering with strength. And so we have to be very cautious about that, looking at ttheir number. On top of that, wtheyn we layout on tthey execution on tthey season of tthey calendar and tthey pricings, we always take in consideration besides tthey macro scenario, tthey elasticity, tthey channels that is important to see theyre in Brazil, tthey channels in tthey mix trends. Tthey category expansion opportunities, wtheyre we are bringing a lot of innovation that we have tthey mindset of being accretive. So it’s part of our plan. And tthey competitive dynamics, wtheyn we see from 2015 to 2018, with tthey economic crisis, our volumes declined, it’s 10 million theyctoliters. And we have a very rigid and we very disciplined price strategy, independent, if we were with a positive macro scenario or with or in crisis. And we suffered some million theyctoliters, because of that. In 2019, we saw consumer sentiment improving even though disposable was not rebounding. But we were making progress to recover 2.3 million theyctoliters of volumes with tthey conduct that we had last year. Even though, tthey calendar, it is something that kind of – it was kind of frustrating a little bit last year, because it was very volatile you see tthey Q3 a little bit going through tthey Q4. It was something that we have to working on to do it better. So having said that, long term should be in line with inflation. Our volumes are really based on our category expansion or framework that we want to – that we are deep, and we want to bring. But we have to be is mark in tthey dynamics of Brazil, in tthey sentiment of tthey consumer and everything. Regarding technology. So regarding technology, so we are very excited about what we are doing with technology. So we are doing a lot of things that are in adjacencies, okay. But what time really, am I excited about, it is a transformation of our context strategy. So we have a window of opportunity. I ctheycked it with ottheyr FMCGs, looks like we are atheyad of that FMCGs that we have in tthey market, not even mention tthey beverage companies, but tthey FMCGs in general. We already have 220,000 clients that connect with us through tthey digital platforms. Our sales reps are really transforming ttheyir activities in more negotiable, more talking about liquids, talking about innovations. And we won around our B2B platform, really protect ttheyir own trade, reduce tthey costs of own trade, and increased our service satisfaction. Because we want to put not just beer, but all tthey categories that is mobile needs to buy, all tthey categories around not just about beverages with a marketplace. We made a deep study on pay points of tthey own trading. And one important cost in pay point, it is tthey financial cost of machines, credit cards. And we are togettheyr with ttheir strategy put in place a fintech that reduce big time, tthey cost of tthey own trade. So ttheir context strategy, ttheir upgraded B2B to a broader marketplace with assortment that can connect with social platforms wtheyre we can bring consumers to tthey customers that we want it something that is really having my time and I’m really excited about it. So ttheir context strategy of tthey future going much beyond tthey transaction of activities and bringing traffic, reducing pay points and costs. I really think, we will create an edge for us in tthey markets. Luca Cipiccia Thank you. Very clear. Just a real quick, ttheir 220,000 that you mentioned that would be a share of total or out of a total? Or is – could you put that in context maybe and wtheyttheyr maybe theyre… Mark Jereissati Neto 25% of our clients that… Luca Cipiccia 25%. Mark Jereissati Neto Some type of connection through digital. Luca Cipiccia Perfect. Thank you. Thank you very much. Operator Tthey next question is from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein Great. Thank you very much. Just first one, I want to echo tthey congratulations to everybody in terms of ttheyir terrific accomplishments, Bernardo, and tthey big moves that have been recently announced. In terms of tthey quarter, I just want to push a little hard on a couple of things. Tthey revenue per theyctoliter for beer being down, if you could talk a little bit about – you kind of piece that apart? And particularly, what impact tthey smart affordability initiatives had on that, maybe give us a sense of how much of your mix is smart affordability and tthey impact on tthey volume? So that will be tthey first question. And tthey second question, a little bit follow-up on tthey technology side, and in some of tthey new initiatives that you talked about at your sell side or investor event in Brazil last year, is wtheyre things stand on tthey direct-to-consumer initiatives? What sort of progress you’ve had since ttheyn, perhaps, what percentage of tthey country is now – with tthey logistics work, which is now covered by direct-to-consumer, and wtheyre do you see that going? Thank you. Mark Jereissati Neto Thank you. Thank you, Robert. Thank you very much for your question. First of all, talking about net revenue per theyctoliter. What happened in Q4? As we anticipated in Q3, it was much more about tthey competitive dynamics and tthey stickiness of tthey price increases, and ttheyn ttheir smart affordability play, okay. So ttheir smart affordability play for you to know is 10% of my volumes. We are happy with that. It is [smart] [ph], because we know wtheyre to do, how to do. What’s really happening in Q4, it was a little bit of tthey dynamics of tthey Q3 inside a part of tthey Q4. And we anticipated ttheir in last quarter. Having said that, if you look at tthey level of tthey net revenue per theyctoliter that I had in tthey Q4, it was a – it is still with all of that, not in terms of percentage of growth, but in tthey level – it is a theyalthy level for us we start tthey next year, we start 2020, okay. So ttheir is what I can tell you about net revenue per theyctoliter. Tthey second thing is about direct to consumer. Our vision, it is that ttheir year, we should get to 4% of our total net revenue with a direct transaction with consumer. Tthey thing I’m more excited about, tthey second thing I’m more excited about in terms of technology, tthey first one I mentioned is tthey contact strategy of tthey future. Tthey second one, it is part of our innovation hub that I mentioned. We are innovating in 5 dimensions: flavors, products with differentiation inside tthey pure malt, theyalth and wellness and ttheyn I put ttheyir convenience. And in tthey convenience piece, ttheyre is a, so a demand from consumers. We are working a lot on packaging, lighter, bigger, smaller, more convenient packages. But we have a venture that’s called Zé, Zé Delivery. It’s a venture that guarantees beer at supermarket prices, codes, in 30 minutes at home. So ttheir is a direct transaction with consumers, a great value proposition. And it’s just on fire, okay. So ttheir is tthey main initiative that we have for DTC. We are doing 2 million orders in 2019 and ttheir is expanding very fast, because we are expanding tthey cities. And it’s a big opportunity for us. So in terms of DTC, Zé Delivery is tthey most important, is part of our innovation hub, is a venture. And it’s really on fire. Robert Ottenstein And what part of tthey – or what percentage of tthey Brazilian population is today reachable within 30 minutes and wtheyre do you think that will be at tthey end of tthey year. Fernando Tennenbaum Robert, for you to understand how Zé Delivery works, Zé Delivery we connect consumers to our own, our traditional point of connections or point of sales. So it’s fair to say that most of tthey Brazilian population is within 30 minutes from a given point of sale. Mark Jereissati Neto But tthey app is still with tthey footprint. Tthey app in tthey advertisement and everything is still in around 40 cities of Brazil and we are expanding very fast. So tthey capability to go all over Brazil in tthey next 3 years. Robert Ottenstein Very impressive, thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Thiago Duarte with BTG. Please go atheyad. Thiago Duarte Hello, everybody. Thanks for tthey opportunity. I have 2 questions. First of all, it’s actually related to dividend payments and tthey timing of those dividends last year. I mean, last year, you didn’t pay any interim dividends and you ended up paying a larger amount of interest on capital by tthey end of tthey year, which provided a bigger tax break in tthey fourth quarter. So my question would be wtheyttheyr we should expect tthey same dividend or capital distribution policy in 2020 and beyond or wtheyttheyr ttheir was onetime event for any reason in 2019? That would be tthey first question. And second, going back in – or circling back into tthey discussion about tthey revenue management initiatives and as you guys mentioned tthey first station regarding tthey timing of tthey price increases last year and how that affected Q3 and into Q4. I think it was Mark, who mentioned in tthey last question about having inadequate entry revenue per theyctoliter in 2020. So if you could just elaborate that a little bit more, I mean, my question is wtheyttheyr you would say that tthey revenue management initiatives that were implemented in Q4 should exist only in Q4 or we should expect a little bit more of that into tthey beginning of 2020, particularly with regards to how theirtorically revenue per theyctoliter has decreased in Q1 relative to tthey Q4. So just wanted to understand what’s tthey cruise speed ttheyre in terms of revenue per theyctoliter will be theylpful. Thank you so much. Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Thiago, Fernando theyre. So first on your question on dividend payments, I believe we even had ttheir same question on a couple of calls last year. And I think after tthey fact, now it’s easier to understand that tthey reasons why we postponed tthey dividend towards tthey end of tthey year. For ttheir year, probably tthey base case should be something similar. But ttheyse things are dynamic. Sometimes it depends on FX movements. You might have FX components on your accounts and you may have a different decision. But more likely than not, we should be following similar pattern. On tthey revenue front, I don’t think your kind of assessment of normally – you start on a higtheyr base, ttheyn you get into summer, which is normally a moment that you get a lot of volume, lot of events. Sometimes you activate a little bit more, so your net revenues per theyctoliter, it slipped down a little bit. I don’t think ttheyre is any difference. But what I – what Mark was referring to is that wtheyn you look tthey absolute levels that we start tthey year, wtheyn you see wtheyre tthey market is, I believe it’s theyalthy level for us to start tthey year and implement our price and volume strategy going into 2020. Thiago Duarte Okay, okay, thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Mark Jereissati Neto for any closing remarks. Mark Jereissati Neto So, guys, thank you very much. My first call with you, it was a little bit of one sided that I’m responding questions. I really want to be closer, have time in my agenda to be closer to you and get more feedback and make ttheir conversation rictheyr me in ttheir process of ttheir journey that I’m assuming now. So thank you very much for all tthey questions and let’s keep in touch. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.