Companhia de Bebidas das Americas, AmBev (NYSE:ABEV) Q2 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call July 27, 2017 11:00 AM ET Executives Ricardo Rittes - CFO and Investor Relations Bernardo Paiva - CEO Analysts Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Patrick Simonato - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Antonio Gonzalez - Credit Suisse Ryan Torres - UBS Pedro Leduc - JPMorgan Alex Robarts - Citi Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Vito Ferreira - BTG Pactual Operator Good morning, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Second Quarter of 2017 Results Conference Call. Today with us we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for Ambev, and Mr. Ricardo Rittes, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. [Operator Instructions]  Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions, and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that as usual tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature and unless ottheyrwise stated percentage changes refer to tthey comparisons with Q2 2016 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, EBIT, and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Ricardo Rittes, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. Mr. Rittes, you may begin your conference. Ricardo Rittes Thank you. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our 2017 second quarter earnings call. I will guide you through our financial highlights of Brazil, CAC, LAS, and Canada, including our below tthey line items and cash flow. After that, Bernardo will give you more details about our performance in tthey quarter starting with tthey main highlights of our consolidated results. We had remarkable results in LAS, CAC, and Canada in tthey second quarter while in Brazil, as anticipated, ttheir was a bridge quarter with our performances still impacted by expected theyadwinds but on a consolidated basis top line was up 4.8% driven by volumes decline of 1.1% more than offset by a solid net revenue growth of 5.9%. EBITDA was slightly down, declining 0.7% in tthey quarter, reaching BRL3.9 billion with an EBITDA margin of 38.4%. Normalized net profit was up BRL2.1 billion, 2.4% lower than that of tthey second quarter of 2016 as EBITDA organic decline encouraged tthey translation negative impact due to tthey appreciation of tthey Brazilian Real but partially offset by tthey reduction tthey net financial expenses and cash generated from operating activities was BRL2.4 billion versus BRL2.1 billion in tthey second quarter of 2016. Year to date cash generated from operating activities reactheyd BRL4.4 billion compared to a negative cash generated from operating activities was BRL2.4 billion versus BRL2.1 billion in tthey second quarter of 2016. Year to date cash generated from operating activities reactheyd BRL4.4 billion compared to a negative balance of BRL133 million in tthey same period of 2016. Now moving to Brazil, in Brazil our EBITDA went down 15.7%, mainly driven by tthey negative impact of tthey FX in our COGS and by volume decline in our beer and CSD&NANC businesses. As predicted, ttheir was a bridge quarter in tthey country. As we start tthey second half of tthey year and left most of tthey negative drivers that have affected our results in tthey first half, we are confident that we will return to a pattern of sustainable growth. Bernardo will expand on ttheir topic. Going into more detail of our operational results in tthey country, net revenue per theyctoliter in Brazil was down 4.1% in tthey quarter and EBITDA totaled BRL2.1 billion with an EBITDA margin of 39.2%. For Brazil beer, top line declined by 3.3% in tthey quarter. Tthey beer industry fell by 2.7% in 2Q '17 according to Nielsen while our beer volumes declined by 1.3%, as tthey mainstream segment continued to be pressured by tthey adverse and volatile macroeconomic and political environments. Premium on tthey ottheyr hand grew high teens year over year. Net revenue per theyctoliter in Brazil beer was down 2% driven among ottheyr factors by a negative mix as we continued to use our full portfolio of packs and brands to drive affordability to consumers, including tthey 340ml returnable glass bottles in tthey off-trade channel. That package grew double digits in ttheir quarter. On a sequential basis, net revenue per theyctoliter was slightly down in line with tthey usual trend of net revenue per theyctoliter variation from tthey first to tthey second quarter. In Brazil CSD&NANC top line was down 8.5% as a volume decline of 14.1% was partially offset by a net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 6.6%, explained by revenue management initiatives implemented during tthey quarter. Tthey traditional CSD industry continued to be beat by tthey pressure on disposable income declining 9.7% according to Nielsen data. Year to date our CSD&NANC volumes are outperforming tthey industry. Brazil cash COGS was up 4.6% in tthey quarter while on a per theyctoliter basis 9.8% due to, number one, FX impacts due to our theydge policy, tthey devaluation of tthey Brazilian Real in tthey second quarter of 2016, inflating our COGS now at a time tthey Real suffered close to 15% year over year devaluation, inflating tthey cost of our commodity prices in US dollars which represent around 50% of our total COGS in Brazil. And second, inflation. In tthey first half of 2017, Brazil cash COGS was up 21.2%, and cash COGS per theyctoliter increased by 22.3%, in line with our guidance of double digits growth. Having said that, reiterate that our COGS performance in tthey second quarter was a transition to tthey second half of tthey year wtheyn we expect cash COGS per theyctoliter to be flattish to low single digit up. Brazil cash SG&A was down 2.8%, due to, one, flattish distribution expenses, and second, a decline in administrative and sales and marketing expenses, as a result of cost savings in our non-working money and efficiency gains in our working money. Now let's talk about our international operations. We're very pleased with a strong performance of our international operations in tthey second quarter. In CAC, EBITDA went up close to 30% with a robust EBITDA margin expansion. In LAS, even though we continue to be pressured on costs due to FX in Argentina, we had a significant volume growth delivering top line and an EBITDA increase of more than 30%. And in Canada we had a great balance between market share and strong net revenue per theyctoliter that along with our cost management initiatives led to anottheyr quarter or EBITDA growth and EBITDA margin expansion. Going into more details of our operation results in each reach, first in Central America and tthey Caribbean, net revenue increased by 6.9% and on a per theyctoliter basis by 4.2%. EBITDA in CAC reactheyd BRL432 million growing organically 29.7% while in US dollars, reported EBITDA went up close to 35%. Organic volumes went up 1.6% on a tough comparable of 8.8% growth in tthey second quarter of 2016. On a reported basis, volumes were up 26.2% benefiting from tthey recent swap of assets carried out with ABI and our operations in Panama which also presented encouraging results with double digit volume growth leading to market share gains in tthey country. Regarding tthey ottheyr countries of tthey region, in tthey Dominican Republic, we furttheyr expanded tthey Presidente brand execution through micro events activation that more than doubled year to date wtheyn compared to tthey same period of 2016. And in Guatemala, we continued with tthey Busch Light campaign and also launctheyd tthey new visual brand identity for Brahma. Still on CAC, we benefited from our solid financial discipline leveraging both costs and expenses savings, as well as from phasing of sales & marketing and administrative expenditures leading to expansion of EBITDA margin by 770 basis points to 38.3%. In Latin America South our top line was up by a solid 36.2% and EBITDA up by 33.9% reaching BRL807 million. Volumes were up 12.2% in tthey region primarily driven by, number one, Argentina, wtheyre we had a very strong volume performance especially in beer that led by Brahma grew more than 20% year over year. Second, Paraguay, wtheyre volumes continued to grow as a result of tthey success of our 340ml returnable glass bottle strategy. And, third, Uruguay, as execution improvements coupled with favorable weattheyr enabled us to deliver double digits volume growth in both beer and CSD businesses. Cash COGS in tthey region grew by 50.2% while on a per theyctoliter basis by 33.9%, mainly driven by higtheyr inflation and negative currency impact resulting in EBITDA margin compression of 60 basis points to 38.7%. Now turning to Canada, we delivered in tthey second quarter BRL618 million of EBITDA, 3.9% higtheyr than that in tthey second quarter of 2016. Top line was up 1.4% as volume decline was more than offset by an increase of net revenue per theyctoliter of 1.8%. Volumes were slightly down driven by industry softness due to unfavorable weattheyr almost fully offset by share performance from our diversified portfolio. Our focus brands performed particularly well, led by, one, Bud Light being tthey fastest growing brand in Canada and, second, tthey high-end segment with growth from Stella Artois and tthey craft portfolio theylping us to achieve tthey higtheyst quarterly market share figure recorded in 19 years. Finally, during tthey quarter, our cost management discipline played once again an important role, translating topline growth into EBITDA margin expansion of 90 basis points to 35.7%. Now let's go back to consolidated figures. Ottheyr operating income totaled BRL223 million in tthey quarter, mainly explained by government grants related to State VAT long-term tax initiatives that were down year over year mainly due to, number one, tthey expiration of VAT Government Grants Agreements in fourth quarter 2016, and, number two, revenue geographic mix. Now moving to EBITDA, in tthey second quarter, our net financial results totaled BRL699 million which is only 2.3% less than that in tthey second quarter of 2016. Going to more details, causing a financial expense in tthey quarter or, first, interest income of BRL118 million, driven by our cash balance, mainly in Brazilian reals, US dollars, and Canadian dollars. Second, interest expenses of BRL390 million that include a non-cash accrual of around BRL150 million related to tthey put option associated with our investment in tthey Dominican Republic. As part of tthey CND deal in 2012 a put option exercisable until 2019 was issued which may result in an acquisition by Ambev S.A. of tthey remaining shares of CND. Third, BRL141 million of losses on derivative instruments essentially related to tthey carry cost of our FX theydges linked to our COGS exposure in Brazil and Argentina. As expected, losses on derivative instruments declined almost 70% wtheyn compared to tthey same period of 2016 as tthey reverse of tthey Brazilian Real and lower interest rates in Brazil are contributing to tthey reduction of carry costs. Fourth, losses on non-derivative instruments of BRL101 million which are primarily associated to FX translation and, last, BRL151 million of ottheyr financial expenses mainly related to interest on contingencies. Tthey effective tax rate in tthey quarter was 9.4% which was in line with tthey second quarter of 2016. CapEx totaled BRL751 million, 34.8% lower than in tthey same period of 2016 while year to date CapEx declined by 29.5% reaching BRL1.3 billion. Finally, during tthey first half of tthey year we announced approximately BRL3.6 billion to equity holders in dividends. Thank you very much. I will now move to Bernardo before going to Q&A. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Ricardo. Hello, everyone. As mentioned by Ricardo, we had an amazing performance in our international operations in tthey second quarter which between CAC and LAS grew around 30% and with our higtheyst market share in Canada in 19 years. In Brazil our results were too effected by expected theyadwinds in our COGS that will dissipate in tthey second half of 2017. Furttheyr, for beer Brazil, we've been able to outperform tthey industry in terms of volumes and strengttheyn our position for tthey second consecutive quarter amid a still challenged political and macroeconomic environment. In ttheir context along with a strong emphasis on operational excellence, we continue to focus on our five commercial platforms, activating tthey levers under our control. So first, elevate tthey core. I always highlight that tthey core is a top priority for us. Our strong brand is key to assure tthey sustainability of our business. During tthey second quarter we continued to implement a core of tthey country tthey initiatives created ottheyr than at tthey core platform that I have mentioned in ottheyr calls such as improvements of primary and secondary package, new visual brand identities, among ottheyrs. We've also activated important key branding with Skol and Antarctica we expanded tthey traditional June Festivals of Sao Joao from tthey norttheyast to ottheyr regions of Brazil, creating a new carnival and delivering breakthrough experiences to consumers. Furttheyr Skol, our easy drinking lager was tthey official sponsor of tthey LGBT parade in Sao Paulo, fostering culture and conveying meaningful messages about diversity and inclusion. Brahma, our classic lager, sponsored several events, creating strong connections with its core target consumers while exploring tthey brand's beer expertise with initiatives such as tthey new Brahma structure that has a mini museum that tells tthey brand's story. We also continue to roll out Brahma's new visual brand identity that evokes tthey brand's position for more than 120 years. With tthey Skol and Brahma improved package and new visual brand identity, Skol with its yellow round label and young spirit, Brahma with its unique red square label and theyritage coupled with distant and consistent communication for each brand, we are differentiation our easy drinking and classic lager even more. As we elevate tthey core, tthey core segment presents a big opportunity to drive sustainable top line growth, providing tthey best synergies to consumers. Botheymia, tthey leader of tthey segment, grew more than 100% in tthey quarter. Finally, Skol has been named by Millward Brown-BrandZ tthey most valuable brand in Latin America while Brahma, Antarctica, and Botheymia were considered, respectively, tthey third, sixth, and eighth most valuable brands in Brazil. So to us, considering tthey trend of our core brands, let's move to premium. Premium segment is growing at a fast pace and we expect it to continue to grow well atheyad of tthey industry. Our premium portfolio with massive international premium brands grew high teens in tthey quarter with tthey strong activation of Budweiser, Stella, and Corona. Budweiser which has proudly been brewed in an unique way for 140 years with water, malt, rice, hops, and aged over beechwood, continued to experience a good momentum, tthey undisputable leader of tthey segment and with more than for tthey quarter a double digit volume growth and preference trending up significantly. Such performance is a result of continuous improvement of sales and market execution, coupled with meaningful campaigns that show ingredients, quality, and auttheynticity. One great example of an effectual campaign that Budweiser has launctheyd is tthey campaign that featured tthey basketball player Oscar Schmidt. Tthey campaign received tthey Golden Lion in Cannes Festival. Oscar Schmidt was auttheyntic and choose tthey hard way, becoming a legend. Budweiser rewrote ttheir story in a unique partnership with ESPN and NBA, getting Oscar to play their first NBA game at tthey age of 59. Stella Artois is also growing at a sustainable rate, exploring tthey art of craft portfolio and making special adaptations for tthey occasion such as tthey Valentine's Day. Our complete portfolio of premium brands and customized execution, we remain committed to lead tthey segment by leading superior top line growth. Third, near beer. Near beer continues to be an important platform for us. As a consumer-centric organization, we see ttheir as an opportunity to be closer to our consumers in non-traditional beer occasions, enhancing tthey equity of our ottheyr brands. Fourth, let's move to in home. In tthey second quarter, tthey 340ml returnable glass bottles volumes grew double digits year over year as we continued to evolve in its execution, enhancing shoppers' experience. Ttheir is an important initiative to drive affordability to consumers in a challenging macroeconomic environment in a profitable way. Although with tthey returnables strategy we continue to focus on our three channels, so tthey expansion of bottles needs to elevate tthey gattheyring and tthey assortment of our products in tthey channel. Fifth, out of home. We have been strengttheyning our position in tthey on-trade channel with our complete portfolio of brands togettheyr with our initiatives to step up tthey service level and be even closer to our clients. We are confident that improved sales in distribution process, categories like consumer inside and tthey intense use of technology will bring us to tthey next level of operational excellence. Now talking about CSD&NANC, as mentioned by Ricardo, ttheir is tthey industry continues to be pressured during tthey quarter. While large, tthey traditional CSD industry remains challenge in tthey short-term due to tthey weakness of tthey economy as it tends to be even more impacted than beer and because of tthey higtheyr price of existing. Nonettheyless we are confident that ttheir presents a great opportunity in tthey long-term and that we have tthey right portfolio to capture ttheir opportunity. Tthey volumes in tthey non-traditional CSD industry are also encouraging, with products like Fusion, Lipton, and Do Bem that had a solid performance in tthey second quarter. Now I'd like to pose a few words about tthey expectations for tthey second half of tthey year. First, for beer Brazil, we are implementing our annual price adjustments during tthey third quarter. In ttheir context we have confidence that tthey stronger top line coupled with tthey improvement of our cost performance we will resume growth, delivering superior results throughout tthey second half of tthey year. With respect to external factors, tthey Brazilian economy is recovering at a slow pace, still representing a challenge for tthey beer industry in tthey short-term. We acknowledge tthey difficult reality, but we believe in our strategy remaining cautiously optimistic for tthey year. With that in mind, we will continue to move forward in our plans, focusing on our commercial platforms in Brazil and pursuing cost savings and efficiency gains to positively impact our profitability. Finally, having operations outside of Brazil has already proven to be an important asset. Going forward, we continue to see top line and EBITDA margin expansion potential in our operations in CAC. In LAS, we remain confident in our ability to deliver solid top line and EBITDA, supported by strong brands, in spite of tthey macro challenges in tthey region. And in Canada, we remain optimistic that that we have tthey right portfolio that, along with our commercial and operational discipline, will continue to yield sustainable growth across tthey country. Now we can move to tthey Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Please, go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia I wanted to expand a little bit more on tthey discussion around pricing in tthey third quarter in Brazil. Arguably you're going into tthey second half of tthey year with an industry that is still sadly soft but also with a market share that I assume has gone back to tthey very eye of tthey range. So I was hoping - appreciate you confirm that you're going to do in pricing in tthey third quarter but I was hoping maybe you could give us some direction of tthey magnet or how you're going to see tthey pricing strategy in relation to tthey market share that you have regained or recovered in tthey last couple of quarters. Any sort of indication that you could give us on that would be useful. And ttheyn secondly, maybe a quick one on tthey soft drink side. Tthey Coca-Cola guys commented on recovery, we're chasing emerging trends at tthey end of tthey quarter for tthey first time in quite a while, tthey volumes turned positive. And I was wondering if in Brazil you saw some degree of ttheir supposition as well towards tthey end of tthey quarter, if ttheyre's any comment on July or how you expect soft drinks to perform in tthey second half as well. Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Next to tthey price, we normally increase price in Brazil in tthey third quarter. Last year was an exception wtheyre we increased price in tthey fourth quarter. So ttheir year we'll go back to tthey norm and increase prices in ttheir quarter as we used to. We are happy with tthey first six months in our volume growing atheyad of tthey industry. That shows tthey strength of our plan. So that's good. So I think it's specific for tthey price, it's what I could say, and tthey main important answer is that you back into tthey increased price during tthey third quarter. Specifically to tthey soft drinks, I think that tthey macroeconomic environment remains very challenged for tthey CSD industry. It tends to be - you know it tends to be even more impacted than tthey main industry because of tthey higtheyr prices. So tthey SKU is under pressure. We've seen, I mean, all trending down to bottled water and low cost juice. We know that. I mean, it's disposable income. It will come back. We know that. And tthey industry of tthey soft drinks, CSD, will do tthey same. We have always been, tthey industry will remain challenged but we're confident that again, tthey disposable income will be coming back, tthey industry will be back in tthey same way. Tthey most important thing, I mean, we are constantly doing in our plans and being able to form tthey industry in tthey first half, not in tthey second quarter, but in tthey first half. It's a fact. So we're continuing to work on tthey things that we can do. Luca Cipiccia You describe it, so you haven't seen much of a change at tthey end of tthey quarter or anything that in tthey short-term suggests that tthey declines could be halted or reversed. Bernardo Paiva No. I think - I mean, I know that tthey industry is very effected by disposable income, very elastic. It seems that disposable income as we show in Brazil recovered but at a slow pace. So I think that tthey industry will come back but we really don't see any spike in tthey end of tthey quarter. Operator Tthey next question comes from Patrick Simonato with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please, go atheyad. Patrick Simonato Two questions. First also on pricing in Brazil. I think consider that inflation is going down and that maybe you have a more benign competitive environment, can we assume that eventually ttheir price increase you're going to implement in Q3, ttheyre is room for you to try and catch up on taxes that you couldn't up until now because tthey industry volumes were so weak or do you feel that tthey consumer is able to handle maybe a price increase above inflation? And tthey second question is on Argentina. I think that tthey performance in ttheir quarter was very strong. Can you give us more color on tthey main initiatives ttheyre and if you could - I know that you don't disclose but if you could compare your performance to tthey industry volumes, so we can have an idea of how tthey market share was in tthey quarter? Bernardo Paiva I think tthey first question, Patrick, thanks for tthey questions, it seems to be confident about tthey story of increased price in light of inflation and tthey impacts of that over time. So any opportunity that we have to do it and ttheyn to offset tthey tax increase that we have, we will try to. But we're talking about a more longer-term period. And again, back to our normal increased price in tthey third quarter and we will watch and we will see. Tthey specific question that you had about Argentina specifically, we are happy to see our numbers and tthey strong growth ttheyre. I think that we have a great platform ttheyre so tthey portfolio we have is very, very strong. Brahma, Botheymia, Stella Artois and tthey operating segment ttheyre as well and you have a good go to market. So what I could say is that we're very confident about our plans and about our team. We have good plans in place and it's good to see that tthey country is back to growth, impacting specifically our industry. So more comments about tthey competitors, I'm not able to do it but we are confident about our plans ttheyre. Operator Tthey next question comes from Antonio Gonzalez with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad. Antonio Gonzalez I have two questions. Tthey first one is on SG&A in Brazil in tthey first semester it's down a little over 1%. And I know your guidance ttheir year was more focused on tthey COC side and your expectation of top line improvement. So I wanted to see if you could share with us some qualitative comments on which are tthey working and non working dollars that you've been able to optimize so far throughout tthey year and wtheyttheyr you expect that to continue in tthey second semester. And my second question is related to obviously you've made many comments about top line sequential improving going forward and so on. I wanted to ask if it's reasonable to assume that perhaps you will prioritize more top line over margins for tthey back half of tthey year, perhaps for tthey next 12 months as you I guess try to capture all of ttheyse initiatives in mainstream and 340ml and so on. Is it fair to assume that top line growth is more important than margins in tthey short term? Thank you. Ricardo Rittes So, starting with SG&A and trying to give a little bit more qualitative examples on some of tthey things that we're doing, and I'm going to insist that it was in Bernardo's speech, tthey use of technology has been key for us. So for example in distribution expenses, first to not only drive efficiency within our system but throughout tthey transportation companies that work with us and et cetera, providing not only not only let's say a better or more efficient in terms of cost distribution expense overall but more importantly a better service to our points of connection. I think that is key in tthey way we're doing, trying to get, optimizing working money and also to take no working money out of tthey system. Anottheyr example, also in terms of tthey use of technology is being able to reach out to our consumers in a more direct, efficient way through tthey use of online platforms and etcetera. So that's anottheyr example for us to be more efficient on tthey working money as well. Wtheyn we talk about top line and we have been a company for - some of you know we are a company of ands. So we don't talk about top line or margin. We talk about and. In one of tthey examples that you mentioned in your question specifically for example, tthey 340ml RGB is a good example in which it drives top line and drives increase in margin over time. Of course if we implement such a big shift or a change in a market like tthey one in tthey supermarkets, you know that tthey last couple of years we moved a 4% RGB market in trade to 14 and ttheyn to 23 on average for last year. You know? So that is an important shift in tthey behavior of tthey Brazilian consumers, in tthey behavior of that channel. And sometimes margins take some time to hit tthey P&L. So we're - just to make sure that we're focused on margins and top line. Operator Tthey next question comes from Ryan Torres with UBS. Please go atheyad. Ryan Torres I guess as a follow-up, Bernardo, to your comments on tthey consumer environment, a lot of tthey improvement I guess related to tthey second half is just on easy comps and some of those cost pressures dissipating. I was hoping you could give us a little bit of framework. I don't know if it's by channel, on versus off premise, or by packages. If you are seeing any shifts in trends, meaning stabilization and improvement, meaning people coming back to on premise more or buying one way more. Just trying to get a better sense looking into next year that as hopefully things start to improve tthey trends are going in that direction. Any early indication of that yet? Bernardo Paiva First I think we know and we mentioned that some of tthey comps in terms of net revenue compared to tthey third quarter, second half of last year. So ttheir is true. We know that will benefit in compare year over year in tthey second half. But it's not only that. It's just that first. And certainly you see it's low paced but disposable income going back. So that's why tthey percentage of costs, we're optimistic about what's going on in tthey short-term with tthey macroeconomic environment in Brazil so that could theylp as well. And tthey third, I mean, we've been working in a structured way paying off our forms in terms of elevated core. That's tthey main bulk of our industry and in terms of packaging, VBIs, they brings that along and so as a market leader we know we have tthey responsibility to drive tthey industry as well. So that's what we're doing. If we drive tthey industry we're leading tthey way, we tend to outperform. I think that those - tthey easy comps, you are right. But while we say that our culture is optimistic in tthey short-term because disposable income will likely come back and because we're implementing in a very structured way, thinking short-term and long-term important moves, linking it all to tthey core, link it to tthey premium to expand tthey industry and we make it to a strong step up in our service level. That brings consumer experience in our point of sales, that drives tthey industry as well. So I'll say those three things just drive our comment of being optimistic for tthey future. Ricardo Rittes If I may add to what Bernardo just said, also wtheyn you look at tthey numbers, I mean, we talked about ttheir in tthey last couple of quarters. We believe that tthey Brazilian industry theirtorically - it's a theirtory of growth. So I believe in growth for tthey Brazilian industry. It's just not a straight line up. It's like ups and downs. And wtheyn you look at for example tthey market that we had in Brazil for 2016, overall volume declined by more than 5% and you compare to tthey current situation in tthey market, of course wtheyn all we would like to be excused of volume decline for tthey industry but it's an improvement in comparison to tthey previous year which shows a trend towards I would say tthey average of tthey Brazilian market which is longer-term growth patterns of tthey Brazilian industry. Ryan Torres And if I could ask just one ottheyr question which I have a feeling you may not be able to provide much color on, as we've been theyaring about tthey Coke bottlers losing distribution in Brazil, could be as early as ttheir year, and Heineken using Kirin, does that change any perspective that you may have on your distribution and tthey competitive environment know that changes may be potentially sooner than expected. Ricardo Rittes As we don't comment specific actions of our competitors. But just what we can say is that we are, as a company, have always been prepared to capture any opportunities ttheyre are in tthey market. Tthey market's very competitive but we are working very hard to capture opportunities and to make sure that drives tthey material line as well given recent changes in tthey Brazilian, let's say, industry. Bernardo Paiva Adding that, it continues to repeat tthey focus on tthey platforms as we've been doing, working in a structured way, and I've seen that ttheir effects tthey short-term and tthey long-term as well. So nothing changed for us. We continue to work hard on tthey things that we control. Operator Tthey next question comes from Pedro Leduc with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Pedro Leduc A quick one on cash flow. We saw that it improved but we haven't seen a major improvement in tthey working capital yet. And in ttheir regard is it fair to assume that ttheir tool will change once tthey back off resumes and what do you plan on doing wtheyn it perhaps forms CapEx again or distributors given as how you've been doing? And ttheyn a separate question to tthey capital structure given tthey falling rates and your rapidly falling rates. Are you contemplating perhaps changing tthey capital structure as it is today? Perhaps holding less cash? Ricardo Rittes So starting with tthey last question, we believe we are very close to tthey optimal capital structure of tthey company. So with no changes, we don't see a reason for us to change tthey capital structure. So again, we're close to tthey optimal. With regards to tthey cash flow of tthey company, year to date we generate BRL4.4 billion in cash after operating activities and that compares to an actual balance of BRL133 million in tthey same period last year. So we see a very important improvement in cash generation wtheyn compared to last year, even wtheyn you account for tthey first quarter which was kind of a one-off due to some tax payments specifically in tthey first quarter. Tthey second quarter compares tthey second quarter of tthey previous year is an important improvement as well. For us as we have a cycle of negative working capital, to have a negative working capital, tthey more you grow, tthey more you can capture cash flow as a consequence of working capital. So again, for us to start to see cash flow coming back in terms of working capital, what we need to do is grow tthey business. Operator Tthey next question comes from Alex Robarts with Citi. Please go atheyad. Alex Robarts I was keen to go into tthey soft drink trend again. Looking back on tthey years, ttheir is a pretty important - we haven't seen ttheir kind of decline in your soft drink volumes I guess ever. And clearly tthey industry falling to 10% at meals, it seems that things are getting even softer. And I can see why you might fall more than tthey industry. You skew a little bit more to tthey stills and tthey stills have even higtheyr price sensitivity than CSD but I guess I'm trying to get a sense of - you talk - you said that it hasn't really been a spike of improvement at tthey end of tthey quarter in tthey soft drink industry in Brazil and I'm wondering are tthey B brands structurally gaining ground? I mean ttheyy typically skew high in Brazil compared to tthey ottheyr markets in LatAm. But have you seen or are you seeing some particular aggressive pricing or promotions from ttheyse collective groups, tthey B brands that are operating in Brazil? And are you pursuing or have you thought about pursuing perhaps more aggressively some affordability initiatives? I know tthey 123 program that you do an extra is obviously a volume driven promotion. Are you thinking - is it fair to think that you might pursue more aggressively affordability? And is it fair to assume that maybe it's not going to be until next year, until tthey industry grows? So that's tthey first one. And ttheyn tthey second question is around CAC. Yu specifically state in your outlook state tthey significant margin opportunity left in CAC going forward. And you're already at tthey level of last year above Canada. Could you just map out a little bit for us, your thinking over tthey medium-term? Wtheyre are tthey margin and top line opportunities in tthey region? Is it market share penetration? Is it just bringing best practices from ottheyr regions? New products? How should we think about tthey magnitude of ttheir significant potential in 500 basis points, 200 basis points? So those are tthey two questions. Soft drink and CAC. Bernardo Paiva Starting with tthey CSD, tthey soft drinks, first in a structural way we know that ttheir industry is very elastic and disposable incomes is much more than beer specifically. And we know as well that Brazil, we will always lead tthey country and as we always say, it's not a straight line. But it lines up. So we're very confident that Brazil will come back. And for sure effect in a very positive way tthey CSD industry. Having said that, we are structuring ttheir business with a portfolio of brands that are ours to grow even furttheyr to carbonate soft drinks so we're talking about energy drinks, Fusion is doing great. Talking about tthey acquisition of Do Bem last year that's doing great as well so we feel we're placing ourselves much better with brands and a portfolio that allows us tthey opportunity to seed ttheir particular initiative that's very, very linked to disposable income and Brazil will come back because it's not a straight line, again. But it always lines up. It's always been like that and will be in tthey future. And on tthey ottheyr hand, bringing a portfolio of brands to tthey table that is sure to capture occasions and opportunities for new consumer needs that we know tthey market are seeing in tthey market. All those things, we've altered our thoughts and initiatives to increase and to step up our service level. We have an awful lot of beer business and tthey soft drinks as well. So basically ttheir is for tthey full industry. Regarding ttheir specific year, we are happy because we always perform in tthey industry in tthey first half and tthey second quarter will make some revenue management initiatives. That's why you see our natural and portfolio activity growing around 6.6% above last year. We slipped a little bit in ttheir specific quarter but all in all our performance can control more above. So basically tthey CSD will have to come to you and ttheyn we'll come in ttheyre. Ricardo Rittes Just highlighting what Bernardo just said, in a nutttheyyll we had - if you look at tthey first semester in aggregate, we outperformed tthey industry in terms of volume and we are very well positioned in terms of theyalthy portfolio management, in terms of net revenue, as well as we're well positioned for tthey remainder of tthey year. So as a result of that we believe we are well positioned in tthey soft drink industry. With regards to COC, you know, Alex, that Coke has been a company for so long, I think you know that wtheyn we communicated to tthey market, I think it was 2012, that we saw an EBITDA opportunity of $1 billion in that region specifically, most of tthey people were like - wow. But $1 billion just for you? Or tthey whole industry? Etcetera. If you'll recall at that time I think we had around negativity for like $10 million, $14 million. That was tthey number. So wtheyn you look at ttheir type of growth, margin evolution, and expansion of our business in COC, it's a combination of all tthey things you described. It's having tthey right portfolio, it's having tthey right people in place in tthey region, wtheyn you have SKU, you can afford to have tthey best, tthey very best people ttheyre. You can afford to have tthey full portfolio. You can get more efficiency in terms of synergies and tthey margin expansion that we have had ttheyre in ttheir quarter, we have Panama in that mix as well which started as a lower base in comparison to our business. So again we're very excited with tthey COC business for all tthey reasons that you mentioned yourself. And it's not only about tthey numbers but what's behind tthey numbers, tthey platforms that we have been talking theyre in Brazil and have implemented in structural ways, thinking for tthey long term but we dare as well to push it overall, it's better. And ttheyn tthey benefits are even better. So talking about tthey relative core, accelerate premium of tthey service level and tthey go to market initiatives that we put in place are for COC as well. And so structurally those countries are in better shape and I think that - we think if we can control and see that implementing in tthey commercial platforms that we're doing in Brazil is all. Operator Tthey next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go atheyad. Robert Ottenstein I'm wondering if you could talk about what kind of learning's if any you've gotten from tthey SAB Miller in terms of specifically things like telemarketing, going after total beverage alcohol, perhaps insights at tthey low end? And really just anything that you've gained from your association with that business and perhaps examples of things that you're doing in tthey market that reflect that? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva I think that we know tthey SAB operates very, very well, operates very, very well in emerging markets. It's similar to ours. So that's one thing. First, I think that tthey intellectual synergies, I think tthey approach that we've been doing in terms of tthey portfolio strategy, it's very interesting. I think we've been implementing with tthey core brands and tthey premium brands and ttheyn tthey same thing, exactly. Ttheyy overlap tthey region and so on for channel. Here in Brazil and overall in our business, I think that was very, very good to find tthey right path and to learn from ttheyse. So tthey portfolio approach was very, very interesting. I think secondly, everything you need to go to market is always good to see. Tthey telemarketer set, it's good. It's a complex strategy in that it can use tthey sale to get order taking. So lining up ttheir big go to market project that has been, I will say, working hard tthey last few years to step up our service levels. So good synergies on ttheir as well. And tthey most important thing, we have great people ttheyre. That's great. And to share best practices that you are doing as we speak, and we always capture from our SAB former operations and we even know tthey companies actually roll a copy as soon as ttheyy're aligned to our strategy, tthey ones that are always commenting on tthey core, shaping our form and really wrap up our service level, so tthey next level. So I think that was good. Good for Ambev I mean. Because of those intellectual synergies will benefit a lot because we operate in similar markets. Robert Ottenstein And ttheyn on returnable glass bottles, you'd mentioned last year ttheyy'd average 23% of tthey business. Can you give us a sense of wtheyre that is for tthey first half of ttheir year or tthey second quarter? And any comments in terms of what sort of reaction you're seeing from competitors in tthey market as ttheyy try to combat your strategy? Bernardo Paiva It's always good to put it in tthey frame of returnable strategy for tthey business but it's, I mean, it's not only that. We have some occasion a lot, tthey in home occasion, to assure that, as an example, tthey order in tthey channel will grow in tthey right way. And it's growing double digits. I think that it's not so easy I would say to replicate a model like that because with returnable bottles and tthey costs ttheyre, we need to teach tthey customers to be happy because we're on tthey right path, growing double digits with SKU opportunities improving. I mean, as we speak, tthey execution, tthey shopper experience, it was a bold move. I mean since 1996 we don't returnables. Now bringing it back in a successful way and ttheir is tthey kind of initiative that we're constantly seeking. So it's a dual role. You learn from that. We improve tthey costs and ttheyy know how to get better month by month, people that buy tthey product know what to do, ttheyy become more loyal. So I think that you are on tthey right path in a project that leads to operational excellence as well because you only do what you have to ask and we are stepping up even more operational excellence in terms of distribution to ensure that initiatives like that would be successful like it is and not so easy to comp. Ricardo Rittes On tthey specifically value, if you know tthey percentage, we only provide that annually. So we don't provide it on a quarterly basis. But as Bernardo just said, tthey returnable glass bottle in tthey channel is growing double digits in an overall market that's declining. Operator Due to time constraints tthey final question comes from Vito Ferreira with BTG Pactual. Please go atheyad. Vito Ferreira My question is related to tthey cost guidance for tthey second half of tthey year. Actually wtheyn we see tthey BRL performance during tthey second half of '16, tthey BRL appreciated 8% in tthey third quarter and 14% in tthey fourth quarter. Assuming that tthey US dollar present approximately 50% of your costs, isn't your cost guidance too conservative ttheir time? I mean if ttheyre is space for you to have a better than expected cost performance in tthey second half of tthey year? Ricardo Rittes For tthey shorter period of time that you look, tthey harder it is for you to see exactly how impacted or how like tthey two main components, inflation and tthey FX on a more regular basis, you see that much more clearly than on a quarterly basis and at ttheir point we're going to stick to tthey guidance that we have already provided of having a flattish to low single digits up cash COGS in tthey next semester. Operator Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bernardo Paiva for any closing remarks. Bernardo Paiva So before closing our call I would like to highlight once again that we are excited with tthey implementation for commercial strategy and platforms in Brazil. We will begin slightly more favorable net revenue performance theyctoliter comps and deliver improved cost performance in tthey country. Furttheyr, we also have a positive outlook for our international operations. So having said that, we are confident that we will soon return to growth. So basically that's tthey final magic. Thank you and enjoy tthey rest of your day. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.