Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q2 2023 Results Conference Call August 3, 2023 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Charles Jereissati - Chief Executive Officer Lucas Lira - Chief Financial and Investor Relations Officer Conference Call Participants Lucas Ferreira - JPMorgan Thiago Duarte - BTG Pactual Carlos Laboy - HSBC Elijah Simonato - Bank of America Alan Alanis - Santander Thiago Bortoluci - Goldman Sachs Rodrigo Alcantara - UBS Operator Good morning, good afternoon, and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Second Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call. Today with us, we have Mr. Charles Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listen-only mode during tthey Company's presentation. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey Company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events, and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with tthey second quarter 2022 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey Company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, operating profit and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now I'll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Charles Jereissati. Mr. Jereissati, you may now begin your conference. Charles Jereissati Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our Q2 earnings call. Q2 was all about consistency. Top line momentum persisted with net revenue up 20%. EBITDA grew 34% at a consolidated level and 20% ex Argentina, with Brazil growing 29%. International operations continued to recover with CAC and Canada delivering EBITDA growth and LAS with steady momentum. Operational leverage continued to come back with gross margin expanding 170 basis points and EBITDA margin expanding 300 basis points. And although net income declined, given last year's one-off tax credit, cash flow from operating activities increased BRL1.2 billion. So we end H1 having delivered over 23% net revenue growth, 37% EBITDA growth and 310 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion and well positioned for H2. So let's take a closer look at performance by geography, starting with Brazil, which continued to lead tthey way. In Brazil Beer, commercial momentum remained resilient. Top line grew 10% with volumes declining 2.5% due mainly to a soft industry. However, despite tthey decline in industry, premiumization trends continued. Our premium brands grew volumes in tthey mid-30s, and we gained market share in tthey segment according to our estimates. And just to put things into perspective, ttheir year-to-date volumes of our premium brands grew 180% versus tthey same period of 2019. In addition, tthey disciplined execution of our revenue management initiatives, combined with positive brand mix led to net revenue per theyctoliter growing nearly 13%. Our brand building efforts continued to pay off. Brand theyalth indicators of focused brands improved again, both sequentially and versus last year. And our brands also added 4 million fans since tthey pre-pandemic period, according to our estimates. And we were awarded 13 Lions in tthey Cannes Festival ttheir year. Brahma brought home five awards, Budweiser four, and Ze Delivery was also recognized for tthey first time in tthey event with one award. And finally, EBITDA growth accelerated to almost 30% ttheir quarter. In addition to tthey sustained commercial momentum, EBITDA performance was positively impacted by two things. First, lower growth in terms of costs, cash COGS per theyctoliter, excluding non-Ambev marketplace products grew only 4.6%, thanks to a combination of our tailwinds from FX and commodities theydges, a lower-than-expected inflation and untheydged commodity prices as well as a more efficient supply chain, given a better production and distribution footprint. And second, by lower distribution and administrative expenses. In Q2, we began to cycle last year's increase in diesel and our efforts to optimize our business by streamlining and integrating our B2B, DTC and fintech with tthey rest of tthey organization continued to make great progress. During 2022, we developed a compretheynsive plan to establish a new operating model better suited for Ambev to work as a platform. And tthey results are starting to show more and more, not only in terms of more collaboration across tthey Company, but also in terms of a leaner and a more agile organization. Turning to Brazil NAB, I would highlight three points. First, top line grew 7.5%, thanks to net revenue per theyctoliter growing 10%, given our revenue management initiatives and a positive brand mix contribution. Ttheir offsets tthey 2.2% decline in volumes, which suffers mainly from a soft drink industry. Second, our brands continued to perform well in tthey premium, theyalth and wellness and energy beverages with Pepsi Black outperforming once again, growing about 170% and now representing about 19% of our Pepsi Cola volumes. And Guarana Antarctica also was recognized at Cannes for its women's World Cup campaign. And third, EBITDA grew nearly 25% with gross margin expanding 490 basis points and EBITDA margins expanding 310 basis points. Now let's cover our international operations, which, as I mentioned before, continued to recover. Starting with CAC. Despite tthey 2.8% volume contraction, top line grew almost 5%, led by tthey Dominican Republic, which is tthey most important country in tthey region, representing theirtorically around 80% of our EBITDA results on average. Not only did macro conditions improve sequentially, but also we continued to put our operations back on track. For instance, volumes of tthey Presidente family rose 3% in tthey quarter, while inventory at wholesale level normalized and price execution remained consistent. And after four consecutive quarters of decline, EBITDA grew almost 8% year-over-year and both gross and EBITDA margins expanded 100 basis points. What's more? Year-to-date organic EBITDA growth is above 2021 level, which was our best performing year in CAC. We still have work to do theyre, but happy to see CAC recovering in a sustainable way. In last, top line grew roughly 82%. Volumes were slightly positive, growing 0.6%, led by Chile and Paraguay, but it's also worth noting that our beer volumes in Argentina grew low single digits despite tthey short-term volatility and challenges in tthey country. Speaking of Argentina, beer gained share of throat as a category. Our [above-core] brands continued to gain weight in our volumes. We were also awarded with 8 Lions at tthey Cannes Festival ttheir year with Quilmes and Stella Artois campaigns. But LAS is not just about Argentina. Tthey rest of tthey region delivered a solid quarter with double-digit top line and bottom line growth and gross margin and EBITDA margin expansion. Paraguay and Chile were tthey highlights with great performance across tthey board. All in all, LAS EBITDA grew 110% with gross margin expanding 160 basis points and EBITDA margins expanding 380 basis points. And finally, Canada, top line performance was flat with 6.6% net revenue per theyctoliter growth and a 6.2% volume decline as we underperformed a softer industry and faced a tough comp in Quebec. Having said that, our above-core brands theyalth indicators continued to improve in tthey country, especially on our premium brands. Corona and Mictheylob Ultra continued to grow volumes, supporting estimated market share gains in premium and core plus, respectively. And EBITDA grew a little over 4% with gross margins contracting 70 basis points, but EBITDA margins expanding 120 basis points. Well, with H1 behind us, a few words on H2, starting with what's more clear to us. In Brazil, our commercial strategy is in good shape, given tthey theyalth of our brands, tthey better mix, tthey execution in BEES, both in terms of client NPS and expansion of marketplace and in Ze Delivery. Our cost outlook for tthey year has improved. We are updating our guidance and currently expect Brazil Beer cash COGS per theyctoliter, excluding non-Ambev marketplace products to grow between 2.5% and 5.5% for tthey full year. And we should continue to benefit from less pressure in terms of distribution and administrative expenses during tthey second half of tthey year for tthey reasons I previously mentioned. And outside Brazil, what I would highlight is CAC, wtheyre year-over-year performance should continue to improve, given our sequential recovery and as we lap last year's soft H2. In terms of wtheyre we have less visibility, I would say tthey two main points are industry volumes in Brazil, wtheyre we will continue to closely monitor disposable income drivers and overall operating environment in Argentina, which has been and will continue to be a point of attention. All in all, although we may still face some degree of volatility and short-term challenges varying market by market, I believe it's fair to say that our strategy has been working for a while now and I am confident in our team's ability to continue executing it going forward. And finally, we will continue to work towards delivering growth and profitability in H2 as well as a better organic EBITDA growth in 2023 than tthey 17.1% that we delivered in 2022. We closed H1 with over 37% EBITDA growth. So we are well on track to deliver anottheyr year of continuous and consistent improvement. With that, thank you very much. Let me hand it over to Lucas. Lucas Lira Thank you, Charles. Good morning, good afternoon. Since Charles already covered tthey main performance indicators and since Q2's performance was consistent in terms of what should not change and what should change ttheir year versus 2022, I will focus on net income, cash flow generation and taxes. Starting with taxes, two relevant updates theyre. First, in early July, Brazil's House of Representatives approved tthey tax reform on indirect taxes, which is intended to simplify tthey different federal, state and municipal taxes that are currently levied on consumption, while not increasing tthey overall tax burden, thus creating conditions for Brazil to deliver better economic growth. Tthey legislative debate now moves to tthey Senate, which will analyze tthey proposed changes during tthey course of H2. Since tthey legislative process is ongoing and since tthey draft legislation approved by tthey house is still subject to change, it's still premature to comment in more detail on what to expect going forward and potential impact on tthey industry and our business. Having said that, we welcome any tax reform that reduces tthey complexity of tthey Brazilian tax system and that does not increase tthey total tax burden, which is already among tthey higtheyst in tthey world. As for direct taxes, including potential changes to tthey deductibility of tthey IOC, despite continued speculation, ttheyre has not been any material concrete development on tthey legislative front. We will keep tthey market informed accordingly. And second, in terms of tax litigation in Brazil, as of June 30, 2023, our tax disputes classified as having a possible but not probable chance of loss reduced by nearly BRL5 billion compared to December 31, 2022, as a result of favorable decisions we obtained in several different disputes. We expect tthey administrative and judicial courts to continue ruling on certain of our tax positions during H2, such as tax assessments received in connection with tthey deductibility of tthey IOC, tthey deductibility of goodwill amortization expense as well as tthey case related to tthey ICMS substitute in tthey taxable basis of tthey PIS and tthey COFINS. For furttheyr details, please refer to Item 26 in tthey notes to our financial statements. We will keep tthey market up to date, should ttheyre be any material developments. And as mentioned before, we believe tthey merits of our legal positions will ultimately prevail. Now let's turn to our Q2 financial performance, starting with net income. Normalized profit totaled nearly BRL2.7 billion in Q2, which represents a 13% decrease versus last year. Two points worth making theyre. First, last year's figure was positively impacted by roughly BRL1.2 billion in one-off tax credits recognized in Brazil. If you disregard such one-off and related effects, our net income would have grown 18% year-over-year. And second, although net finance results totaled an expense of about BRL1 billion, which was around BRL500 million worse than last year, losses from derivative instruments used pursuant to our theydging policy, which has been a pain point theirtorically, actually declined close to BRL400 million. Ttheir reduction is a result of lower USD exposure and lower carry costs in Brazil and Argentina. As you may recall, since Q3 2022, we've been reducing tthey financial theydges in Argentina, and our net finance results have been positively impacted since ttheyn. Ttheir should continue to be tthey case in Q3 and to a lesser extent in Q4 as we lap tthey reduction in exposure and theydging. As for cash flows, good news theyre. Cash flow from operating activity totaled approximately BRL3.4 billion in tthey quarter, which is BRL1.2 billion above last year. As a reminder, our cash flow from operating activities is highly impacted by tthey seasonality of our business and theyavily skewed towards tthey second half of tthey year. For instance, in tthey last seven years, over 80% of our cash flow from operating activities was generated in H2. Similarly, working capital tends to be stronger in H2. However, due to its nature, it can be more volatile on a quarterly basis. Q1 is typically tthey weakest performance of tthey year and working capital improved sequentially throughout tthey year. So let's break down Q2. If you look at it from a geographic standpoint, tthey biggest year-over-year improvement came from Brazil, followed by LAS, Argentina and Chile, and CAC. In terms of working capital, receivables improved about BRL900 million compared to last year, driven by a lower tax credit recognition in Brazil versus Q2 2022 as well as volume performance in CAC, Argentina and Canada. Inventories improved by BRL1.3 billion compared to last year, mainly driven by a reduction in days of inventories year-over-year, not only in terms of finittheyyd goods, but also packaging and raw materials in Brazil, Argentina and in Canada. And as for payables, results were pretty much flat wtheyn compared to last year, driven mostly by Brazil and Canada. In Brazil, non-income tax payables, which had a negative year-over-year impact in Q1, had a positive effect in Q2, given our end-of-quarter sales performance. And ttheir improvement was offset by lower payables in Brazil, mostly, given tthey reduction of inventories and lower CapEx spend. And in Canada, we were up against a tough comp on non-income tax payables as H1 2022 taxes were deferred to H2 due to COVID. However, ttheir adverse impact should subside through tthey end of tthey year. All in all, following tthey improvements in Q2, cash flow from operating activities in tthey first half of tthey year ended atheyad of H1 2022. And if we take a step back and look at longer-term trends, it's important to highlight three points. First, our receivables as days of sales have been declining over time, especially in Brazil, mostly, given channel mix. Second, our inventories as days of COGS have been increasing, given a combination of higtheyr level of safety stock to navigate tthey supply chain disruptions caused by COVID-19 and sustained service level, more vertical operations and a greater SKU assortment. And third, wtheyn we look at our payables as days of COGS, CapEx and SG&A, although tthey current figure is below tthey peak in 2020, it's currently over 130 days on average. Large suppliers have payment terms longer than 90 days, and ttheyy represent more than 55% of our spend, wtheyreas small suppliers represent around 30% of tthey spend and have payment terms of around 30 days. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to invite everyone to join our ESG update, which we plan to host virtually in November. Stay tuned for more details. With that, let me turn it back to tthey operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes with Lucas Ferreira with JPMorgan. Lucas Ferreira My question is, I just wanted to understand a little bit more what drove tthey reduction in tthey COGS guidance, if it was mix-driven or maybe you're just too conservative before. Just I'm asking because I just wanted to understand if ttheyre's any reading into ttheir for next year, if tthey Company is becoming more -- even leaner, more efficient or tthey mix is improving in a way that gives you a cost advantage. Charles Jereissati Okay, Lucas, thank you very much for tthey question. Yes. So Brazil Beer cash COGS ex marketplace in Q2 grew 5.1% versus last year. It was like better than what we anticipated, right? And it was mostly driven by inflation in brewery performance, partially offset by FX and commodities. In H1, we are on tthey number of 10.1% versus last year. And ttheyn forecasting moving forward for tthey year, we reduced tthey guidance, right, to 2.5% to have tthey full year in between 2.5% and 5.5% in tthey full year. A part of it was mix that was better than expected. Yes, so a piece of it. A piece of it was non-theydged commodities. So malt, barley, energy overall in a place better than we expected. But we are really seeing that we are getting more efficient on our footprint faster than we expected. We have some projects going on, unlocking innovation capabilities in our suppliers to produce, locally, bottles that in tthey previous year, we were importing. Our breweries are bigger and better suited to roll out tthey innovations that we made in tthey previous years. So ttheyre is a piece of it that is efficiencies in supply and distribution footprint that ttheyy will stay. Lucas Lira Lucas theyre. Just to add a few more points. Since you talked about potential implications for 2024, I think ttheyre are two points worth noting. Number one, right, as you know, inflation has been coming down across markets. And that's -- again, to tthey extent that sustains, should be supportive going forward. And number two, wtheyn you think about our theydging policy, granted, ttheyre's still a lot of theydging to be done ttheir year through tthey end of tthey year. But if you take tthey picture to date, what we're seeing is tthey BRLFX equation as a tailwind once again, aluminum theydges as a tailwind once again, and barley as a tailwind, which has not been tthey case in 2023. So I think that's different, and that's improving so far, right, going into 2024. What's still a theyadwind is tthey devaluation of tthey Argentine peso, which as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, is a point of attention. But net-net, we're seeing less cost pressure going into 2024 so far as compared to wtheyre we were at ttheir time last year. Operator Tthey next question comes with Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Tthey next question comes with Thiago Duarte with BTG Pactual. Thiago Duarte Yes, my first question actually relates to tthey industry in Brazil, Brazil Beer. You mentioned in tthey release and Charles made a comment about -- as being one of tthey points to watch as we go into tthey second half of tthey year. So just if you could, Charles, elaborate a little bit more on what you're seeing at tthey margin, particularly on two things. Number one, how that -- how you expect that to affect tthey seasonality of tthey volumes throughout tthey year? I mean, since tthey pandemic started, we saw Q3 volumes looking particularly strong for you guys and tthey industry in general. So just if you could discuss a little bit on that and how that implicates volumes for tthey second half of tthey year? And secondly, how that affects tthey Company's pricing decision? I mean, wtheyn you took over as CEO, one of tthey key things that you -- I think you have been saying for a few years now is how you are -- you guys are paying a lot of attention to how pricing should not impact tthey category and tthey industry volumes in general. And now that industry seems to be a little bit weaker, how that affects that behavior from your guys' point of view, I think it would be an important discussion. And secondly, actually, a follow-up on tthey comment, I think Charles made on mix with regards to how that affected tthey guidance, tthey reduction in tthey cost guidance for tthey year. How that changed to -- how that change in tthey mix was? I mean, was -- because tthey sense that we have is that you guys had a much bigger impact of RGB in tthey quarter that could have been tthey reason for tthey lower cost. So I just wanted to see if we are reading things correctly theyre. If it was really an increase in RGB penetration relative to one-way [presentations], that would be great to understand as well. Charles Jereissati Okay. Thank you very much, Duarte. Let me try to get tthey industry first, ttheyn we will talk about price and ttheyn we go to mix overall to talk about cost and prices in general, okay? So Duarte, overall, ttheir year has been a more stable year if you look at on [indiscernible] way month by month than tthey previous years because of tthey pandemic. So long-term wise, we are very confident about tthey industry. In Brazil, industry is structurally better, trading up, consumers really evolving in tthey right direction. Tthey category has been relevant for tthey young generation. So we are very confident, long-term-wise, with tthey industry. But wtheyn you -- wtheyn we look back what happened in tthey pandemic and now that we went out of it, what we [access], it was that during tthey pandemic, frequency went up, right? So we see consumers really looking to have beers on Tuesdays, on Wednesdays at home to relax. So tthey frequency that it was a normal pattern in a country maturity two that is upgrading to maturity three. Frequency usually goes up. Tthey pandemic accelerated ttheir process. We are seeing a residual effect on frequency that stays today. What we are looking at in tthey industry is a little bit softer, it's about intensity, okay? It's less about tthey disposable income. It is more about tthey euphoria moments in our access that we saw in tthey previous year. So intensity was higtheyr, people going back to tthey suites in one occasion, really in a euphoric mode going back. So ttheir piece, it is tthey piece that is what we call tthey tough comps that we had with tthey euphoria wtheyn tthey country had tthey masks down in March, that it is something that we have to be taking out ttheyse effects, frequency residual looks good, beer in tthey basket of consumers' penetration looks good. So somehow, ttheir is -- so we are confident with tthey structural levers. We know ttheyre is ttheir effect of tthey euphoria after tthey reopening, okay? So that was about tthey industry. I think we're still going to see a little bit of ttheir piece of intensity in ttheyse [previous] years. That's why we are cautious somehow moving forward, but cautious more because of ttheir effect less, very optimistic about tthey structural reality of tthey changes that tthey Brazilian market is going through, okay? I think ttheir is one point. Talking about pricing. Overall, you know that we mentioned that we have been very agile and nimble in terms of making decisions on pricing, much more granular than we have before, really looking for ttheir equation of having a sustainable balance between an industry that can grow a category that can be inclusive and tthey net revenue per theyctoliter growth. So somehow, consider that inflation is decelerating. We're going to continue to monitor tthey industry theyalth, tthey macro environment in 2023. We're going to remain flexible, really watching on disposable income and elasticities to make tthey decisions on pricing moving forward. All tthey decisions that we do is really to maximize overall ttheir equation of volumes and prices and generate better bottom line. And talking about mix, ttheyre is -- so RGB, ttheyy are solid. So ttheyy are doing well. Penetration is going up. That delivery is theylping it. We just went with a big campaign with RGB through tthey whole Brazil about how sustainable and how more affordable it is in tthey in-home occasion. And so, we are happy with tthey strategy. So a piece of it was mix, but a piece of it that we don't talk that much is really that my supply footprint is really more efficient. During tthey pandemic, volume was up, supply chain constraints, importation, so ttheyre is ttheir piece that seems once things are more stable, we are being able to have a better planning, better negotiations, focus our suppliers on long-term initiatives, on innovation to theylp us to be more efficient. So ttheyre is a piece of it that is really coming for a more efficient supply chain. Operator Tthey next question comes with Carlos Laboy with HSBC. Carlos Laboy Given all tthey growth that you've had in BEES and tthey emphasis on refillable bottles on premise, might you be able to give us some insight on how ttheir might be shifting your channel mix and how those ottheyr channels are growing relative to modern trade? And also, is ttheyre any insight you can give us or anything you can share with us in terms of share volume versus share value and if that's been behaving for you as well? Charles Jereissati Okay. Laboy, thank you very much for tthey questions. So as you know that we have tthey strategy that BEES is a really relevant piece of our strategy. And BEES is about -- it's really about opening up tthey Company for all tthey customers that we have in Brazil. So we entered tthey pandemic with 750,000 customers buying. We left tthey pandemic with more than 1 million. So that was a lot of customers that connected with tthey platform and small retailer in general that really had no access or my sales rep was not ttheyre or who were buying from anottheyr channel, and ttheyn we began to go really direct. So ttheir is an important piece of tthey strategy with returnability on it. And yes, we have seen in terms of mix, a good resilience on tthey small retailer that continues to perform well. And wtheyn we compare big retailers, we are seeing a lot of initiatives on tthey big retailers to manage better ttheyir cash to reduce inventories. And so ttheyre is a piece of it that tthey channel has readjusted inventories in tthey big format, but we are seeing really small formats really doing well, ttheyir on-premise really, really doing well. So ttheyre is anottheyr piece on tthey equation that is that our third-party system that is plugged into BEES in ttheir country sides of Brazil, ttheyre is norttheyast, north tthey midwest. So ttheyre is a lot of growth on tthey country side of Brazil togettheyr with Brazil growing in tthey agriculture. So we are seeing a big part of our growth coming from ttheyse regions through BEES, but through our third-party partners. So ttheir is a piece of tthey equation, too. And wtheyn I look at share of value and share of volume, I would say, Laboy, that ttheyy are directionally stable. Wtheyn we look in tthey previous two years, one year, ttheyy are directly moving in tthey same direction. So we don't see that tthey share of value has deteriorated or it is really -- so tthey piece of tthey upgrade on tthey brands that we have on tthey -- in tthey high end, in tthey short term, ttheir 35% growth that we are having on our high end, looks like it will begin to give some additional gains on our -- on share of value wtheyn we compare with share of volume. But overall, ttheyy are pretty much with tthey gains in line in tthey previous year. Carlos Laboy So is it fair to say that modern trade has become a smaller component of your channel mix? Charles Jereissati We can say that. Operator Tthey next question comes with Elijah Simonato with Bank of America. Elijah Simonato I have two questions. One is quickly a follow-up on tthey beer market in Brazil, right, and especially on tthey pricing side. Are you guys seeing any movement, right, from competition or even on a more granular basis, right, pricing deceleration as costs improve, right, for most of tthey players? Any more of an irrational or aggressive behavior on that side? That's tthey first question. And tthey second question is on tthey LAS business. We also saw some price deceleration on LAS. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more of a detail on that front, what you expect going forward. And if you could provide also details that you're already seeing from tthey new approach towards Argentina, right, in terms of cost management and having more of a local sourcing across tthey board. How has -- what sort of impacts are you already seeing? And finally, if that has already been impacting working capital in a more material way? That's it on my side. Charles Jereissati Okay. Thank you, Elijah. Coming back to tthey industry, what we are seeing is really an industry that is structurally better. I mentioned about tthey consumers, tthey frequency, tthey intensity, a little bit about tthey tough comp that we have with ttheir euphoria in tthey previous year of tthey masks down. But overall, tthey underlying drivers of tthey industry, ttheyy are theyalthy. And wtheyn we go to tthey competitive landscape, what we are seeing is that somehow ttheyre is more rationality on that. So we were -- tthey industry -- it was an industry that suffered a lot in tthey previous two years with tthey currency devaluation, with commodities going up big time, so margins were very compressed. So what we have seen overall is like an overall industry that is more -- with more rationality in general. So that's what I could mention about tthey competitive landscape. Lucas Lira Elijah, Lucas theyre. So regarding LAS, I would break it down into two pieces, okay? Piece number one, Argentina and piece number two, Bolivia, Paraguay and Chile, okay? Because ttheyse are -- although Argentina is tthey biggest country, wtheyn you combine tthey three ottheyrs, it's a relevant -- it's a material portion of tthey total LAS business. So it's worth mentioning. So starting with Argentina, kind of tthey new approach towards how to create value in a sustainable way in Argentina in tthey current environment, I think tthey short answer is, we're happy with tthey results so far, okay? Wtheyn you look at tthey net effect of LAS theydging in terms of bottom line impact and cash flow generation, we have like positive improvement in both, right? So even though costs continue to increase, tthey LAS theydging that we do end up having a net positive impact in our net income in tthey country, which is much better than tthey past. And number two, we're generating better cash flows in Argentina as compared to tthey past, okay, in U.S. dollars. So I think tthey strategy has been working so far. We think it's tthey right strategy. Tthey team has managed to execute it extremely well, but we need to keep at it. It's a volatile market. So we need to be -- continue to be on our toes, okay? As for Bolivia, Paraguay and Uruguay, I think Bolivia is all about recovery, right? Bolivia was one of tthey two markets that suffered tthey most with COVID and took tthey longest to come back. But I think 2023 has been tthey year wtheyre Bolivia is finally coming back and contribute to tthey growth of tthey region. Paraguay recovered sooner. And tthey good news is that it's kept momentum. So we're very happy with tthey progress in tthey performance in Paraguay consistently over tthey last two, three years. In Chile, I would say ttheyre has been a step change in our operation. We decided to invest in local production to increase capacity. We decided to partner with Andina and [Bodo] and [Ebner] to distribute our products, giving us better coverage throughout tthey country. And with our portfolio, right, skewed towards core plus and premium with great brand theyalth performance year after year, that combination has led to a massive swing in EBITDA and cash flow generation in Chile so far ttheir year. So we're very happy with how Chile is trending. And year-over-year, it's been a relevant impact, really step-changing Chile's contribution to LAS and to Ambev. Operator Tthey next question comes with Alan Alanis with Santander. Alan Alanis I want to expand or dig deeper a little bit on tthey directionally stable market share answer and tthey rationality of tthey competition really quickly. I mean, we all know that -- I mean in tthey Brazilian beer market, ttheyre's three players. You are tthey leader and ttheyn tthey number two and tthey number three. And ttheyre's ttheir perception that tthey number two player is doing very well. And ttheyy even said that tthey volumes were positive on tthey second quarter and so forth. So could you theylp us understand better ttheyse dynamics in terms, is all tthey share that you're gaining really coming from tthey player number three? And -- that's tthey first question. And second question is -- congratulations on all tthey awards for tthey brands, but could you expand a little bit more in terms of which indicators and which -- yes, what can you tell us -- tell investors that -- to give more comfort besides tthey awards that tthey brands and tthey strategy of tthey brand portfolio is tthey right one, particularly versus tthey player number two? Charles Jereissati Okay, Alan, thank you very much for tthey question. So yes -- so I think our volumes, if you do tthey math, ttheyy were good volumes wtheyn we compare tthey volumes -- tthey selling volumes with tthey competitors, right? And on a market share basis, so what we mentioned in tthey previous call that we had, looking really at tthey sellout market share, is that we were on a stable level on Q1. And ttheyn what we have seen ttheir Q2 in 2023 is that we accelerated as we gained compared with Q1, two points -- 200 basis points. But tthey truth is that during tthey euphoria and tthey masks down in tthey pandemics, we gained a little bit more than that in tthey Q2 of 2023, okay? So that -- so sequentially, we are gaining ttheir year and -- but we have a huge peak in April and May of tthey last year. And what I can tell you is that June, we are again above tthey previous years. So sequentially gaining a lot, but it was -- last year was very strong. But we feel that we are accelerating and we're going to enter tthey Q3 in a good starting point -- entry point in terms of market share. In talking about brands, I'm super excited about ttheir performance, right? So it's not tthey first quarter that I'm mentioning 30s, 30s, 30s on tthey high end. So tthey brands are really performing. Corona is doing great. Spaten is a huge success, doing very well. Brahma, we had ttheir effect of Brahma Double Malt, it grew in tthey in-home occasion and ttheyn wtheyn consumers came back to ttheyir own trade, ttheyy went back to [Chopp de Brahma], ttheyre is really tthey franctheire, Original a little bit too. But -- so overall regional [Chopp de Brahma] growing a lot. So our brand portfolio, I'm very excited about it. If you look at a KPI that I mentioned theyre and ttheyre with you about tthey lovers, so we do ttheir research with consumers and we ask about which brands ttheyy love and wtheyn we add our brands of our portfolio, that ttheyy have mentioned that ttheyy are loved by tthey consumers. So in ttheir KPI, we gained 4 million new consumers in ttheir -- comparing ttheir H1 2023 comparing with tthey pre-pandemic, tthey 2019. So 4 million consumers mentioning that ttheyy love one of our brands that ttheyy were not loving like in 2019 and 2020. So I'm very excited about our performance and generally, our brand portfolio is much theyalthier and stronger than before and really excited about it. DTC is theylping. Ze Delivery is theylping it, theylping us with insights with direct-to-consumer communication transaction, theylp us a little on that. But somehow, so ttheir [seeing ttheir] -- tthey number of consumers that ttheyy mentioned that love our brands is really a KPI that really excites me, and I really follow a lot. So I think it's pretty much it. Operator Tthey next question comes from Thiago Bortoluci with Goldman Sachs. Thiago Bortoluci I'd also like to double-click and discuss a little bit more your top line dynamics in Brazil Beer. You mentioned a couple of times your premium and super premium portfolio growing at 30s, which is unquestionably remarkable, while your consolidated volumes in Brazil were down by 2.5%, right? So within tthey core and tthey economy portfolios, how ttheir portfolio mix added to ttheir minus 2.5%? Ttheir is tthey first part of tthey question. And ttheyn tthey second one, obviously, we understand ttheyre is seasonality, right? But if I look to your average price per theyctoliter in Brazil ex BEES, ttheyre was a slight contraction quarter-on-quarter, right, a 3% quarter-on-quarter contraction, with your mix arguably improving, right? So how do we adapt on ttheir portfolio composition, tthey sequentially weaker prices and how ttheir compares to your trade strategy so far in tthey year? Charles Jereissati Okay. I'll get tthey first one. I will ask you to repeat tthey second one. So basket-wise volumes, tthey big drag that we have -- so somehow tthey core went a little bit in line with tthey industry, our performance, tthey core, but tthey drag was really tthey value segment, really were tthey brands that we were 35% down. And ttheyn we have tthey core in line with our performance and ttheyn tthey over-deliver on tthey high end, it was material, tthey 35%. So tthey value was really tthey point of attention theyre, but ttheir is something that we kind of designed to theylp align ttheyre. So we really want to upgrade tthey market for tthey core brands and ttheyn tthey core plus and ttheyn tthey high end. So we are seeing a lot of traction specifically on tthey high end with tthey strategy that we have. And ttheyn you asked about tthey net revenue and BEES and I got confused. Can you ask it again? Thiago Bortoluci No, no, sure. It's clear. So your mix is improving, right, not only year-on-year, but I guess also sequentially because in tthey first quarter, you also had tthey core probably growing, right? Now if ttheir is true, and your mix throughout tthey year is improving, how ttheir added to your average prices, right? Because if I look to your average prices per beer ex tthey marketplace, right, it's down by 3% quarter-on-quarter. If your mix is improving, would ttheir imply that you're being eventually a little bit more aggressive on discounts? Charles Jereissati So let me try to find ttheir number that my prices are sequentially down. Thiago, for sure, discounts, no, okay? So that's not what we are seeing. What happen usually in sequential prices, ttheyy have a little bit of seasonality even though we have tthey performance on tthey segments. But ttheyre is ttheir seasonality of norttheyast, south losing performance, norttheyast and north getting more representative as tthey winter comes. And ttheyn -- so tthey footprint usually makes some varieties on tthey sequential numbers that we have. So I would attribute more to tthey footprint mix, tthey overall seasonality. Our revenue management is really, really solid. So tthey level of discounts, ttheyy are very low in general. So wtheyn you compare with tthey pre-pandemic levels, it's way below, it's stable and very controlled. So I would -- so my point would be more to understand tthey footprint seasonality, tthey region seasonality, and little bit of tthey channel seasonality ttheyn wtheyn we go really to furttheyr regions, as I mentioned, that ttheyy are growing with through wholesalers. Ttheyre is a little bit more on -- so tthey cost of distribution that goes through wholesalers, but discounts, no. Thiago Bortoluci Clear, Charles. If I may, a final one, if I look to tthey true rate on tthey rates, eventually price adjustments and hikes, were ttheyre anything to notice that you implemented in tthey quarter? Charles Jereissati So in tthey past, we had ttheir strategy on prices, that we had one big price hike per year and ttheyn we digest it after and stay. So now we are more -- much more nimble and granular. So BEES is theylping us on that. So I think we are pretty much doing what we have been doing. So really look at tthey consumer willingness to pay, disposable income, elasticities and do tthey granular strategy that we have been doing for a while now. So nothing more than that to mention. Operator Tthey next question comes with Rodrigo Alcantara with UBS. Rodrigo Alcantara So a lot has been asked about beer, right? So maybe if you can comment a bit about Brazil NAB, if you can theylp me understand tthey slight decline on volumes, right? You mentioned soft industry, right? Just have some trouble understanding tthey number comparing to what tthey Coca-Cola bottles reported on ttheir segment. So you said Pepsi performing okay, right? Tthey energy drinks, okay, perhaps could be tthey [indiscernible] brand having some issues ttheyre. Maybe you can comment on that. And also on BEES, we did see a nice acceleration ttheyre in sales growth, 30% in beer. So just curious, if you can comment on how much of tthey -- of your customer wallet represents NAB [indiscernible] tthey share of your customers' wallet. And how much of ttheir increase has been driven by tthey success of BEES? Charles Jereissati So let me get NAB first. So NAB is doing -- we are very excited about NAB. I think NAB is really -- we made a lot of changes in tthey previous two years, and it's really set to succeed. Tthey RTM is better. Tthey brands are really performing and tthey segments that we are -- that we lead, ttheyy will grow. So we're really excited about tthey NAB volumes. I think ttheyre are two things that we can mention on ttheir quarter, ttheyre is something on tthey short term, right? So it was a very strong quarter last year, that we grew a lot last year. But if I would point it out to one thing that it was a decision, and we are learning and testing tthey segment, is tthey net revenue per theyctoliter of NAB were very strong, right, in ttheir quarter and maybe I have some opportunities theyre and ttheyre to be more competitive in one channel or in tthey ottheyr, tactical things in tthey market. But somehow, I think that's an opportunity that we have. So business well set. Pepsi Black is really a success in Brazil. Gatorade is doing very well. So we have two good place in energy. Energy, we have Redbull, we have Fusion. Ttheyy are really doing well. So somehow very excited about ttheir business, it's like one quarter that we mentioned tthey volumes, but I'm very excited about top line and brand performance in general and even wtheyn I compare it with ottheyr brands. Okay. So can you repeat tthey second question? Rodrigo Alcantara Yes, sure. On tthey share of your customers' wallets, right? Ttheir accelerated quarter-over-quarter also year-over-year. Just wondering how much of your customer wallet you already represent and tthey contribution of ttheir to ttheir potential increase, if any? Charles Jereissati Okay. So we don't see that -- so tthey customer wallet, I think, is a blue ocean. It still has a huge opportunity in tthey marketplace for us to tackle that. So tthey consumers, ttheyy are buying, we are just offering a better assortment, better service. So ttheyre is still a huge opportunity. If you look at my GMV of ttheir, not tthey net revenue, but tthey GMV, because you begin to have 3P operations, we begin to sell through wholesalers, and ttheyn we don't have exactly tthey net revenue. We have tthey GMV, and we have a margin in tthey middle. So if you look at my GMV, we are growing 64% wtheyn we compare with Q2 of 2023. So I think -- so ttheir is doing well, growing. We have -- we are reaching 700,000 customers on tthey -- that bought one product of our marketplace products that are not produced by Ambev. So that's an important number that is still growing. So somehow, I see strength. I see customers really asking to us to have more credit limits for ttheym to buy more, to have more options to buy more frequently. So I think that ttheir marketplace strategy is really solid. Lucas Lira Charles, if I may, just to add one specific opportunity, I think, in tthey marketplace that's worth highlighting, Rodrigo, is as Charles mentioned, we've managed to really take BEES across tthey country through our direct distribution system, through our wholesalers, and that started to make a bigger impact on our overall business, and we're very excited about that. But wtheyn you drill down and look, for example, at tthey number of SKUs, right, per partner that we work with, that's still a relatively low number. So overall, we have hundreds of SKUs in tthey marketplace. But wtheyn you break it down by each partner from tthey industry, tthey SKU number is relatively low. So as we strengttheyn and deepen tthey partnership with ttheyse companies and are able to offer more SKUs from ttheym to tthey customer, that should also theylp us continue to grow marketplace and serve better our customers. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to invite Mr. Charles Jereissati to proceed with their closing remarks. Please go atheyad, sir. Charles Jereissati So thank you all who joined in our call for your time and attention. Tthey second quarter results were really about consistency. I mentioned in tthey beginning of tthey year that we wanted Brazil to keep its momentum. And I think wtheyn you look about tthey bottom line, it's really accelerated. I talked about international operations to rebound, and we are seeing international operations rebounding. And for tthey remainder of tthey year, commercial strategy in Brazil is sound, costs should improve. We didn't mention, but SG&A, ttheyre's a lot of projects on SG&A that ttheyy are going on. So I'm really excited about having a leaner organization in H2, a very good plan that we made in tthey previous years to reorganize tthey Company as a platform. Ttheyy are beginning to show up, a company leaner and more collaborative. So costs, cash COGS and expenses should improve. CAC remains on its recovery path. I think tthey previous quarters -- tthey worst quarters, tthey bad quarters were behind us. Argentina is an operating environment that remains volatile, but overall LAS is resilient. And finally, we continue to work towards delivering growth and profitability in H2 as well as a better organic EBITDA growth in 2023 than we had in 2022 that it was 17.1%. So thank you very much. See you in October, and have a great day. Operator That does conclude Ambev's audio conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.