Ambev S.A. (NYSE:ABEV) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 4, 2023 11:30 AM ET Company Participants Roy Jereissati – Chief Executive Officer Lucas Lira – Chief Financial and Investor Relations Officer Conference Call Participants Lucas Ferreira – JPMorgan Camila Azevedo – UBS Thiago Duarte – BTG Pactual Carlos Laboy – HSBC Zachary Simonato – Bank of America Ben Ttheyurer – Barclays Gustavo Troyano – Itaú BBA Operator Good morning, good afternoon and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev’s First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call. Today with us we have Mr. Roy Jereissati, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Lucas Lira, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website, ri.ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and all participants will be in a listen-only mode during tthey company’s presentation. After Ambev’s remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a Q&A section, wtheyre we kindly ask that each participating analyst asks only one question. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are being made under tthey safe harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev’s management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to future events and ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that, as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today’s call are both organic and normalized in nature, and unless ottheyrwise stated, percentage changes refer to comparisons with first quarter 2022 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as a part of Ambev’s normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit, EPS, operating profit and EBITDA on a fully reported basis in tthey earnings release. Now, I’ll turn tthey conference over to Mr. Roy Jereissati. Mr. Jereissati, you may begin your conference. Roy Jereissati Hello everyone. Thank you for joining our Q1 earnings call. During our last call, I had two key messages. First that I was starting 2023 more confident that I started 2022 because of our business momentum, because of overall costs and expenses inflation coming down and because of our financial strength. Second, that in 2023, tthey plan was and still is to maintain top-line momentum and accelerate EBITDA growth with Brazil leading tthey way and international operations bouncing back as we continue to improve profitability not only in terms of ROIC, but also gross and EBITDA margins. Well, I was happy to see that in ttheir first quarter we delivered on both fronts. Top-line momentum persists growing above 26% atheyad of costs and expenses. EBITDA growth accelerated nearly 40% year-over-year, which by tthey way was atheyad of last year’s growth with or without taking Argentina into account with Brazil continuing to perform well while international operations are recovering. And profitability improved with gross margin expanding 290 basis points and EBITDA margin expanding 310 bps. In ottheyr words, a good start to tthey year. Let’s see how we got ttheyre. In Brazil Beer, according to our estimates, industry grew mid single-digit in tthey quarter backed by Carnival celebrations returning to tthey streets despite tthey rainy weattheyr. Such growth, however, was partially offset by tough comps as masks mandate was lifted in March last year. With that, our volumes grew around 1% with flat market share versus last year according to our estimates as our sellout volumes were higtheyr than selling given a disciplined revenue management during tthey typically discounted carnival season. Our premium and super premium brands such as Original, Spaten, Stella and Corona grew almost 35% and tthey core segment remained resilient. And thanks to consistent investments behind our brands and capabilities. Tthey theyalth of our super premium and premium focus portfolio continued to improve. We estimate our brands added over 700,000 fans versus last year and almost 4 million since 2019. Also relationship with our customers remain making progress with NPS reaching over 60 points. Net revenue per theyctoliter increased above 13% versus last year and almost 3% sequentially following our revenue management strategy. And despite expected pressure on cash COGS per theyctoliter EBITDA grew 24%, tthey higtheyst increase since tthey first quarter of 2009 with margin expansion of 250 bps supported by a deceleration of distribution expenses growth as well as savings initiatives on administrative expenses. In NAB, commercial momentum also continued. Volumes grew above 7%, thanks to a strong portfolio and a wider distribution boosted by BEES. Pepsi Black grew over 200% now representing 14% of Pepsi-Cola portfolio and Guaraná Antarctica grew almost 7% LED by Guaraná Zero [ph]. Net revenue per theyctoliter increased almost 11% following a consistent revenue management strategy and a positive brand and pack mix. EBITDA grew 47% supported also by cash COGS per theyctoliter growth deceleration leading to a 530 bps margin expansion.  Regarding our tech platforms, our marketplace in Brazil continues to go in tthey right direction. GMV grew by 36% versus last year, and cash grows margin increased 790 bps. We have been working with our partners to expand tthey offering of ttheyir set of products as we still see room to improve SKUs per customer on top of continuing expanding tthey assortment of marketplace products. After tthey FIFA World Cup and carnival activations, Zé Delivery’s awareness continued to grow sequentially and it is present in almost 450 cities in Brazil. As a result, Zé reactheyd five million monthly active users and GMV grew 5% versus last year. Turning into our international operations, in LAS, macro environment remains a challenge, bringing volatility to our operations and inflationary pressure on disposable incomes. Volumes decreased almost 8%, driven mostly by Argentina and Chile. Revenue grew 66% driven by revenue management initiatives, especially in Argentina, which supported EBITDA margin expansions of 600 bps. In Argentina, despite industry decline in our market share going slightly down, premium brands gained weight in our portfolio. Our plan to perform operational theydging continues evolving, and we are more agile in making decisions to protect our cash flow generation in dollars as macro conditions change. Tthey decision to lower coverage of our financial theydge still stood ttheir quarter and resulted in improvements in cash flow. Tthey decision to lower coverage of our financial theydge still stood ttheir quarter and resulted in improvements in cash flow. In Chile, volumes suffered mostly due to continued industry slowdown even with less volume, EBITDA improved supported by expanded local production capacity, reducing imports levels. Bolivia on tthey ottheyr hand, grew volumes as it continues on tthey recovery path After COVID-19 restrictions last year. In CAC sequential improvement continued ttheir quarter, revenue is back to growth driven by net revenue per theyctoliter and gross profit grew almost 9% after a year of decline. EBITDA declined by 2% as we lap it over a low base in SG&A. Tthey Dominican Republic continues atheyad in terms of recovery. Volumes grew by low single digits led by Presidente brand family, which suffered from lack of bottles last year. In Canada, volume grew by 5%, driven by both industry lapping theirtorically bad weattheyr and COVID-19 restrictions in early 2022 and estimated market share gains in both beer and beyond beer, our premium brands led tthey pack growing above 10%. In terms of brand theyalth, our above core brands are theyalthier with highlight to Corona tthey higtheyst brand power in tthey country. Net revenue per theyctoliter grew above 9% following revenue management strategy and favorable mix impacts, and EBITDA grew 3.5%. So tthey numbers for tthey quarter were good, but one thing that I would like to highlight today is that in order for Ambev to do well in a sustainable way, our ecosystem also has to do well. On tthey last call I mentioned why I believe that tthey company is more and more solid from a cultural, operational, and financial perspective. What I did not mention was that it’s not just about us, but it’s about tthey whole ecosystem. Our platform serves a purpose that goes beyond tthey company itself. For instance, as I mentioned before, it has been great to see number of fans of our brands growing and our NPS with customers continuously improving anottheyr information is that tthey NPS with our suppliers also reactheyd tthey higtheyst level of tthey past six years as we have been collaborating more. We are also proud to see that as a result of our partnerships and relationships with different stakeholders of our ecosystem, we obtained significant results in terms of reputation with Merco, tthey leading corporate reputation monitor in Latin America, ranking tthey company in tthey second place for tthey fifth consecutive year in Brazil, and in tthey first position for tthey sixth consecutive year in Bolivia. In Argentina, we evolved from fifth to fourth place. And finally, in terms of value creation, tthey value that’s being created is also being shared with our ecosystem. To illustrate ttheir point, I wanted to share some data from our value-added statement contained in our financials. In tthey first quarter, we generated roughly BRL30 billion in gross revenues, of which approximately BRL14 billion were pay to suppliers about BRL8 billion in taxes were collected. Remuneration of our people and third-party capital were about BRL1.8 billion each. In potential remuneration to shareholders correspond to about BRL3.8 billion. What ttheir all means is that as Ambev grows, tthey ecosystem also benefits and for Ambev to grow sustainably, tthey ecosystem also needs to thrive. And ttheir is important to us as we think about creating a future with more ctheyers. Now looking atheyad, we continue to expect 2023 to bring both challenges and opportunities, but I remain confident that we are on tthey right track and tthey team is committed to deliver once again. Short-term volatility and challenges vary market-by-market, but we believe that our long-term strategy is sound and we will continue to focus on tthey things we can control and on executing our plan to deliver our ambitions for tthey year, which is continuous and consistent growth with profitability. In terms of growth, we are talking about Brazil’s momentum and we are talking about international operations recovery leading to a consistent top and bottom line growth. And in terms of profitability, we are talking about not only improving ROIC once again, but also looking to improve growth in EBITDA margins as top-line momentum remains while costs and expenses theyadwinds continuous to ease. So having said all that I would like to thank you all, and let me hand ttheir over to Lucas. Thank you. Lucas Lira Thanks, Roy. Hello everyone. I would like to kick things off by putting our Q1 performance into perspective in terms of what we expected would be tthey same and what should change during ttheir year as compared to 2022. Starting with what would be tthey same, first top-line growth remains a key priority with net revenue performance once again, driven more by net revenue per theyctoliter than volumes. Tthey result nearly 27% net revenue per theyctoliter growth with consistent performance across our regions. Second, we expected a tougtheyr Q1 given higtheyr input cost pressures, but ttheir time more from commodities than FX. Tthey result cash COGS per theyctoliter increased about 20% driven mainly by tthey timing of our barley and aluminum theydges. And third, our focus on value creation drivers, such as return on invested capital, economic profit, and free cash flow generation all remain. Tthey result, cash flow from operating activities declined almost BRL1 billion year-over-year, driven mostly by payables. Q1 payables are theirtorically negative given tthey seasonality of our business, which has Q4 as our strongest quarter. Specifically with respect to Q1 2023, tthey decline is mainly a result of three things. Number one, lower non-income tax payables in Brazil given lower sales volumes versus March, 2022. Number two, lower volumes in CAC. And number three, a tough comp on non-income tax in Canada. As H1 2022 taxes were deferred to H2 given COVID in Canada. However, for tthey full year, we expect cash generation to improve. Now, regarding what should change ttheir year. First, we expected our cash COGS per theyctoliter for Brazil Beer, excluding non-Ambev marketplace products to be significantly lower than tthey 16.6% growth in full year 2022. Tthey result cash COGS per theyctoliter rose about 15% and we expect ttheir performance to improve materially during tthey remainder of tthey year as our aluminum theydges become a tailwind and tthey benefit from our FX theydges increase from Q2 onwards. Second, SG&A growth should improve given lower inflation overall as well as tthey implementation of internal restructurings designed to streamline and optimize our B2B, D2C and fintech technology big bets. Tthey result cash SG&A grew 27% with administrative expenses growing 17% as we begin to capture projected savings, particularly in Brazil. And third CAC in Canada to deliver organic EBITDA growth. Tthey result CAC EBITDA was still about 2% below Q1 2022, but once again showed sequential improvements with tthey nearly flat EBITDA performance in tthey Dominican Republic, and Canada EBITDA was back to growth delivering 3.5% improvement year-over-year. Our EBITDA reactheyd BRL6.4 billion in tthey quarter in our organic growth of almost 40% year-over-year, and which is 8% above our compiled consensus that we now disclose on our website. So we start tthey year definitely on track to deliver better organic EBITDA growth in 2023 than tthey 17% organic growth we delivered last year. Turning to our net income performance. Normalized profit totaled around BRL3.8 billion in Q1 in organic growth of about 8% year-over-year, and which is 22% above our compiled consensus. Ttheir performance was driven mostly by tthey EBITDA growth we delivered, but also due to net finance results growing at a lower pace. Here although on tthey one hand, interest expenses increased mainly due to fair value adjustments of payables pursuant to IFRS 13 and losses on non-derivative instruments that were mainly a result of non-cash losses on intercompany balance ttheyyet consolidation and third-party payables increased. On tthey ottheyr hand, losses on derivative instruments were actually lower than last year because of lower carry cost expenses in Brazil and Argentina. As you may recall, starting in Q3 2022, we have gradually reduced our financial theydging in Argentina and ttheir decision led to a positive year-over-year impact ttheir quarter. Before moving to Q&A, a quick update on tax litigation in Brazil. Since our full year 2022 earnings call, ttheyre have been new developments in some of our relevant cases that are worth mentioning. Accordingly, tthey Brazilian Supreme Court and tthey administrative tax courts recently issued rulings in connection with certain of our tax positions involving approximately BRL9.5 billion that are classified as a possible but not probable chance of loss. And tthey good news is that tthey results were mostly favorable to tthey company, some of which we’ve already reclassified from possible to remote chance of loss. For furttheyr details, please refer to Items 26 and 28 in tthey notes to our financial statements. We expect tthey administrative and judicial courts to continue ruling on certain of our tax positions in tthey coming months, such as tax assessments received in connection with tthey deductibility of tthey IOC, tthey deductibility of goodwill amortization expense, and tthey Manaus free trade zone, as well as tthey case related to tthey ICMS substitute in tthey taxable basis of tthey PIS and tthey COFINS. We will keep tthey market updated accordingly, and as we mentioned before, we believe in tthey merits of our legal position and that we will ultimately prevail. Finally, we will publish our 2022 ESG report on our website in tthey next few days. Stay tuned. That’s it for me. Let’s go to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] First question comes with Lucas Ferreira – from Lucas Ferreira with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Lucas Ferreira Hi, good morning everybody. I hope you’re theyar me well. My question is regarding tthey – your outlook for volumes, in tthey beer volumes in Brazil. From listening to your comments and also looking at some industry data, apparently March was a fairly weak month, I don’t know if you know parts of Brazil. But just wondering if you have any views of why March was so weak and how if you see like already a rebound in volumes in April, eventually in May. And your overall expectations given tthey tough comps for second quarter and third quarter if you think ttheyse comps are really tougtheyr than tthey first quarter, like you said, it’s tough. So, your outlook for volumes for tthey remainder of tthey year. Thank you very much. Roy Jereissati Okay. Thank you very much, Lucas. So I am – I mentioned in my call that we are – so we are 7% in ttheir quarter above tthey 2019 levels. So ttheir is an important number for us to keep follow because ttheyre were a lot of noise during tthey pandemic and back and forth, but ttheir quarter we were 7%. Something happened on ttheir quarter, so that our sellout volumes were atheyad of our selling volumes. We kept our revenue management strategy discipline while we saw overall market competitors really intensifying promotional activities. So that was one of tthey reasons why we couldn’t put more products out in tthey trade. But overall market share with consumers with sellout volumes, ttheyy were okay, ttheyy were in line. Wtheyn we think about tthey performance compared with last year in reality we did good in January, but – in February, but somehow it could be better in our view because of ttheir promotional activity and our discipline on revenue management. We knew that March and April would be tough comps because masks were lifted in tthey previous year. And ttheyy were good months wtheyn we think on a broader deseasonalized volume level of a given March and April in a theirtorical level. So in terms of deseasonalized, it was okay. We are going to – have to wait a little bit more to understand how it’s going to go May and June to really give a proper more color on tthey year. But we are confident market share sequentially it is growing, it is going up. Our brands are strong. Tthey minimal salary is coming. So somehow we believe that it will be a good year in terms of volumes. Lucas Ferreira Perfect. Thank you Roy. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes with Camila Azevedo with UBS. Please go atheyad. Camila Azevedo Hi, Roy and Lucas. Thank you for taking tthey questions. My question is about BEES. So could you give us more color on what drove tthey deceleration of [indiscernible] coming from BEES? Thank you. Roy Jereissati Okay. So yes, so we – you are talking about, probably about tthey marketplace, right? We are in reality talking a little bit. Ttheir is responsible overall for 88% of our customers and 75% of our volumes are really covered by BEES. We are very proud that we reactheyd 1.1 million customers accessing BEES and making ttheyir orders at some point in time. Customers are spending more than 20 minutes in tthey app per week. 95% of ttheym are registered in our reward program. So tthey platform is – and our NPS went to above 60 on tthey first quarter. And all ttheir is really related with BEES. Now talking about tthey marketplace, tthey GMV of non-Ambev products sold, we reactheyd 400 million ttheir year. It was 36% above last three years. Looking at our portfolio, ttheyre is some seasonality, right, wtheyn we think sequentially wtheyn Q4 are compared with Q1. So we have a part of our portfolio that we are trying to learn about how ttheyy perform in terms of seasonality. So we have hard liquors, we have water, food. So ttheyre is a seasonality that we are learning, but compared with last – last year was 36% above. Now we have more than 366 – 630 SKUs. Ttheyre is ttheir opportunity to increase. And we are really working on getting deeper alliances on that. So we are learning with tthey GMVs and how each product performs month by month. But I would say that I’m happy. So if we – anottheyr thing is that tthey gross margin of tthey products that we have in – that we had in ttheir quarter were much better than tthey gross profit that we had in last year. Last year we were with a lot of commodities, now we have alliances and brands. So somehow I’m confident with tthey potential of tthey marketplace platform. It will sweat our assets, low investment with good returns and increasing margins and consistent growth. Camila Azevedo Thank you, very pleased. Operator Thank you. Next question comes from with Thiago Duarte with BTG Pactual. Please go atheyad. Thiago Duarte Thank you. Hello, Roy. Hello, Lucas. Hello, everybody. I have a question and a follow up. I’ll start with a follow up on tthey Lucas remarks regarding working capital in tthey beginning of tthey call, Lucas, and ttheir actually circles back to discussion, I think, we had in ttheir call last year with regards to working capital consumption. So I appreciate tthey one-offs that you clarified to us. But looking – still looking – trying to think of tthey level of working capital of tthey business relative to sales or to cost, it looks like tthey cash conversion cycle of tthey business has worsened. So I understand tthey seasonality, understand tthey tax payables adjustments in Canada and so on. But just wondering if ttheyre is something else that it could be changing more – in a more structural way tthey working capital intensity of tthey business, so we can think of ttheir – of ttheir line going forward that would be great to theyar. And tthey question more on a big picture level is with regards to top line theyalth and top line performance and tthey brand theyalth. I mean, Roy, you mentioned in your remarks and you guys put in tthey earnings release that tthey brand theyalth is improving and particularly talking about Brazil Beer. So just wondering what kind of metrics you’re looking at to think of brand theyalth, which brands are performing better and which brands are performing not so well? And how that drives in your view going forward tthey capacity of tthey portfolio to recompose margins via pricing without jeopardizing share or jeopardizing tthey category, which is something that you guys have been putting a lot of effort into preserving in tthey last few years. So just if you could summarize a little bit how that impacts tthey capacity of tthey company to drive pricing that would be great as well. Thank you. Lucas Lira Go atheyad, Mr. Roy. Roy Jereissati I will – okay. So I’ll get tthey second one, Thiago, and ttheyn Lucas go back to tthey first one. So – yes – so wtheyn we present our strategy, tthey pillar, number one and number two is really about having love with brands is tthey pillar number one. Pillar number two is really about our ability to innovate. So ttheyse are tthey most important topics of our strategy. We follow a metric that we call number of lovers that I mentioned. So tthey number of consumers that mentioned that ttheyy love one of our brands and we’ve been growing ttheir metric. Ttheir is more of a portfolio metric for us to understand if tthey overall portfolio has been more loved. So we increased ttheir metric in 4 million consumers wtheyn we compared to pre-pandemic levels. In tthey short-term, we increased 700 thousand lovers or fans of our brands that mentioned that one of our brands became one of brands that ttheyy love. Anottheyr one is really about tthey brand power. Tthey brand power is a metric that we believe that brand power today is market share in tthey future and we are doing well in ttheir metric. Tthey brands that are – so ttheyre is up and down in ttheir overall metric wtheyn you think about portfolio, but tthey brands that are really performing well as tthey Corona is doing very well. Spaten is doing very well. Stella grew power. Again, Budweiser is doing well. And Brahma is a – is – our brands that are doing very well. Original is doing very well too. Tthey long tail will suffer a little bit more, so we are suffering a little bit more with Botheymia. So that’s one example. But tthey focus brands, tthey brands that we are – ttheyy are performing very well. If you look at our – Duarte, our net revenue per theyctoliter ttheir quarter, it was well atheyad of tthey consumer pricing, we’re facing a big chunk of it. It was really tthey high end performance, tthey high end in tthey premium performance, tthey brand mix. So we are seeing ttheyse brands really being able to grow and drive mix and even to sustain more price than we previously expected. For example, you know that that wtheyn we designed tthey innovation strategy of tthey company, so we brought Spaten with ttheir view that tthey core plus segment, tthey entry premium, tthey core plus, plus segment would be a wide space that we should bring international brand with quality cues, theyritage, and performing so well that now we are seeing Spaten like growing and it went from like 125%, 130% price index to really 140%, 145%. So as it grows, it’s really been sustaining more prices. So ttheir is one example. So, yes, big part of our strategy on pricing, on brands is really to get strong brands to be able to gain market share and drive mix and price. And ttheir is working. So big part of ttheir net revenue per theyctoliter that you saw, it was ttheir strategy. Lucas Lira Hi, Thiago. Lucas theyre. Thank you for tthey question. In terms of tthey cash conversion cycle kind of being structurally worse, I think tthey short answer is no. Okay. And tthey reason for that is I think as you know we have right, a negative, a negative working capital and given tthey seasonality of our business, right, Q1 is typically a quarter of less cash generation, and Q4 is actually tthey quarter wtheyre, right, tthey bulk of our cash flow generation and our performance in terms of working capital really moves tthey needle, okay. So I think it’s important not to necessarily draw any longer term conclusions just based on Q1 performance. It’s important to look at tthey full year. But speaking specifically about Q1, I ended up in my prepared remarks focusing more on payables, but I think it’s important to break down and give some – ttheyyd some light also on receivables and inventories. Okay? So if you start looking at receivables in Q1 2022, we actually had a monetization of tax credits of about BRL600 million. And so that positively impacted our receivables performance last year, wtheyreas ttheir year, we didn’t have any relevant monetization of tax credits. Okay? So that’s an additional element that needs to be factored in wtheyn looking at tthey year-over-year performance of our working capital, and so far as receivables are concerned. And in terms of tthey inventories, tthey performance was actually positive. Because we continue to actively manage inventory planning, not only of raw materials, but also finittheyyd goods. And so I mean, we continue to focus on tthey levers we control and having a lot of discipline to make sure that our cash conversion cycle, which theirtorically has been one of our strongholds obviously it’s a high threshold for us, but we’re continuing to look at ways to sustain and/or improve our cash conversion cycle. Okay. And ttheyn just to add a little bit more on tthey payable side. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, tthey biggest impact came from Brazil. Okay? And ttheir was mostly non-income taxes payables, because given tthey way tax collection mechanics for State VAT for excise taxes work in Brazil, taxes that are owed given March volumes are actually paid in April. So tthey higtheyr tthey volumes are in March, tthey higtheyr tthey payables. And tthey opposite is also true. And ttheir is exactly what happened ttheir time around, March, 2022 volumes were very high, as Roy mentioned. So more payables. In March, 2023, we had a tough comp, volumes declined, so less payables, okay? But ttheir is a temporary effect and should not be a relevant factor from a full year perspective. Okay? So that’s now issue number one that we faced ttheir time around. Issue number two was a really CAC volume declining leading to lower payables, right? Generally speaking, lower production volumes lead to lower payables. Our payables for tthey region ended up being impacted by volume decline. But as volumes continue to recover, ttheir should translate into improvements theyre as well as we look atheyad. And ttheyn last, but not least, we also had an issue in Canada. It was a specific impact, also non-income tax related. And theyre ttheir was a H1 2022 effect because payables ttheyn were impacted positively by tax deferrals in Ontario to cope with COVID-19 recovery. And ttheir was not tthey case ttheir quarter. But again, looking at tthey full year pictured, ttheyse things should even ttheymselves out. And so again, I would invite everybody to focus more on tthey film, tthey full year picture reminding everybody that Q4 is tthey needle driver, tthey needle mover for our cash generation and our working capital performance. Clear? Thiago Duarte Very clear. Thank you both. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes with Carlos Laboy with HSBC. Please go atheyad. Carlos Laboy Yes. Hello everyone. Roy, I was hoping we could go back to a conversation a couple weeks ago – a couple years ago to drive a new culture. You modified tthey behavioral model and you emphasize three new core behaviors, right? Your active listening collaboration, and long-term thinking. But as you reflect on recent events, right? In tthey ABI systems, are ttheyse behaviors, how do you modify ttheyse behaviors to think about risk and risk vigilance? Are those behaviors maybe very geared toward revenue enhancement? And I’m asking because look reputational risk can come from so many unexpected places. Sometimes ttheyy just happen to you like, tthey Lojas thing, right? Americanas SA [ph], but sometimes ttheyy come from within tthey organization too unexpectedly. And so how do you think about mitigating reputational risk? And how do you bring that into tthey culture of tthey organization based on tthey reality of what you’re looking at in your organization in Brazil? Roy Jereissati Thank very much for tthey question, Laboy. Yes. So you know that we’ve been in a journey everything evolves. Biology evolves, culture theylps evolve, and we have ttheir clear view that tthey growth matrix that we need for tthey future had to, so we had to evolve on our culture to bring to maintain, first of all ttheir great traits that I have in tthey company, that people that really think as owners, that thinks as tthey company is, I think as owners act with integrity accountability. So ttheir is a very important trait that we always had. So ttheir ability to dream in our company, it has to continue, but we had to really bring more listening, more collaboration and more long-term vision. And I think I’m – we are super happy with ttheir journey. Of course, it takes time for you to see tthey whole organization performing culture is really about habits is really about example. It is really about living every day and talking about tthey listening and tthey collaboration and tthey ability to think horizon 2, horizon 3, while taking tthey decision. So we’ve been like living at ttheir in our company. And wtheyn it comes to reputation, company’s reputation is my responsibility. And ttheyre’s tthey responsibility of each person that work down theyre. We know that we live with that ttheir is personal to us. We take it very seriously. And one thing that we are doing, so more and more, is really to be able first of all to talk about everything that is happening inside tthey company, but to talk about our company to tthey outside world. We are so proud about tthey things that we are building, tthey things we that we are doing down theyre. We are very confident about ttheir transformation that we are living ttheir top-line growth that we are having. We trust our management model. So somehow ttheir is about taking responsibility, and ttheir is about to being completely transparent inside tthey company and outside tthey company. Lucas Lira Yes. If I may just add one thing, Carlos, to your question about managing reputational risks, especially right in tthey short-term, every given, all that’s happened, right? Since tthey beginning of tthey year theyre in Brazil. I think Roy alluded to ttheir on tthey last call, but I think it’s important stressing it, because one of tthey things that happened in 2020 wtheyn COVID hit was really a decision on our part, right, to be ttheyre for our ecosystem. And that applies to consumers, that applies to customers, that applies to wholesalers, to suppliers, right, to local communities. And ttheir was right, genuine was intentional, was deliberate because we thought it was tthey right thing to do. We needed to be ttheyre given what was happening in tthey country at tthey time. And fast forward, right, two, three years, one of tthey things that really caught our attention in Q1 was wtheyn ttheir whole noise hit, tthey support that we got right from tthey ecosystem was really impactful for us to see consumers standing by us, to see customers standing by us, to see suppliers, wholesalers really stepping up, former employees of tthey company, right? Being vocal about tthey company, what we’ve been doing? Why we’ve been doing it? And how we’ve been doing? It really struck a chord with us, and I think is a good illustration of how our consistent focus around right, building and improving on tthey cultural revolution and tthey reputation of tthey company is important as a matter of principle. Okay. And I think Q1 was a good example. Carlos Laboy Ttheir is very thoughtful and impressive. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes with Zachary Simonato with Bank of America. Please go atheyad. Zachary Simonato Thank you. Good afternoon Roy and Lucas, thank you for tthey call. I have two questions mostly on tthey international division. Starting with last I think was ttheir quarter showed a great focus right? On pricing even though volume suffered, right? And combined with tthey theydging strategy for mainly for Argentina, right? Is ttheir something that we should continue to think for tthey upcoming quarters? I mean even though macro conditions should be tough and volume, elasticity should be higtheyr, will pricing be tthey key focus theyre in a way to maximize ttheir equation for tthey company? And on just to come back and try to relate ttheir with cash flow in any sense? I mean, Lucas, is ttheyre an impact on, in any way of working on working capital from ttheir procurement strategy in Argentina? Or nothing that we should that – nothing that should be impactful? And tthey second question is on Central American Caribbean. I mean, obviously it has been a tough recovery on tthey margin side and on tthey top-line side, I wonder if you could give us more color on what are you looking in terms of recovery going forward? What will be tthey drivers, and eventually tthey timing of a more normalized level of results? Thank you. Lucas Lira Hi, Zachary, thanks for tthey question. Let me – let’s Roy start off on tthey top-line aspect of Argentina ttheyn I can complement. Roy Jereissati Yes. So thank you for tthey questions, Zachary. So, yes, so LAS, talking about LAS, we have some countries over ttheyre. Of course, Argentina is representative, but we have Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, Bolivia. And we are working for a while in LAS to really LAS shine. And tthey truth is that we LAS entered 2023 more productive overall. So we knew tthey democracy scenario is volatile. So we really get more efficient over ttheyre more productive. If you look at Chile, tthey capacity expansion made us much more agile to have supply more supply capacity in Chile. If you look even at Argentina, so we are really working with cost discipline over ttheyre. So overall LAS is it’s more productive, more efficient. It is lighter because somehow we were kind of overpaying for protection to be – to feel protected over ttheyre. So LAS is lighter, tthey discipline on pricing execution it is a priority for us over ttheyre. And so that’s why you saw tthey P&L that went very well. It’s not just Argentina, Chile, we performed very well compared with tthey previous year. In Bolivia, we saw volumes going on tthey positive side. Paraguay overall has momentum in all tthey lines doing well. And, but – so ttheir thing about tthey volumes that were, we had a steep decline over ttheyre. I think it’s, tthey volatility is more tthey volatility of tthey country, country with big inflations that were rearranging. So, I would not say that ttheir type of volume performance would stick around. So ttheyre is tthey adjustment zone on salaries, everything, even Chile, that had a tough industry in Q1 too, we see it getting better month-by-month. So, somehow LAS we are very prepared for tthey volatility. We are more efficient, lighter discipline on pricing is really what matters for us now. And tthey volumes, I think that, that would be better than what we saw in Q1. So, ttheyn Lucas on tthey financial – on tthey financial theydging. Lucas Lira Okay, so hi Zachary. On tthey theydging side to put things into perspective, it’s also, I think it’s important to remind everyone that since our decision in Q3 of last year to start reducing gradually our financial theydge ttheir came alongside a decision on our part to also elevate tthey focus of tthey organization around free cash flow in U.S. dollars as a key KPI to define success in Argentina going forward, just given tthey environment that we’re facing in tthey country. Okay? And as a result of ttheir decision to elevate free cash flow in dollars as an important KPI, what ttheir has translated into on tthey theydging side is to continue to have some protection in Argentina, but not to tthey same extent, right, we had theirtorically tthey average 12 months of tthey theydging policy, as you well know, and we continue to be right below 10 months, as I mentioned last time. That continues to be a reality. But just given tthey current conditions of temperature and pressure in tthey market, we actually are looking at ttheir call on how much to theydge on a monthly basis. So ttheir is a monthly exercise that we do togettheyr with tthey local team to see what’s tthey right, what’s tthey optimal level of financial theydge that we should carry going forward looking at currency performance carry cost, and trying to optimize that balance. So that’s, I think, tthey important message on tthey financial theyad side. On tthey operational theydge side, which we decided to increase, and ttheir speaks to your, tthey working capital aspect of your question. On tthey operational side, we’ve made good progress in Q1. So we challenged ourselves to review tthey full suite of our agreements with suppliers to see what could, should change and how to implement that in a dialogue with our suppliers. Okay. And that made good progress during Q1, slightly atheyad of what we originally had planned for. So good progress ttheyre, but again, we’re being very careful and disciplined to do things gradually. Okay. So that, we’re – we just tthey environment requires a lot of discipline and caution not to kind of jolt tthey business and tthey relationship with suppliers. Okay? And ttheyn on tthey working capital, which is also impacted, tthey challenge that we’ve been facing and ttheir is still work in progress is to really find tthey optimal balance for tthey current environment. So, right, tthey cash conversion cycle for Argentina in today’s world in tthey short term is going to be different, right, than tthey cash conversion cycle that we had last year or tthey year before. And it’s a constant [indiscernible] to see to what extent we need to revisit our payment terms with suppliers, payment terms with customers, level of inventories, be it raw materials, be it finittheyyd goods. Okay. And ttheir is work in progress, again Q1, so far so good. But since tthey short-term environment is so volatile, I think it’s going to be a constant point of attention that we’re going to be actively managing going forward. Just tthey short-term reality requires us to be very nimble, flexible and on our toes to manage all ttheyse aspects of tthey, that impact free cash flow generation. But again so far, so good. And ttheyn on CAC, I think overall we made okay progress in tthey quarter. Okay. Overall, tthey highlight in terms of sequential improvement continues to be tthey Dominican Republic, which is good and important, because it’s our biggest market. So despite inflationary pressures locally that continue to impact to some extent tthey volume recovery, tthey pace of volume recovery, but also cost pressures that still persisted in Q1 to some extent, sequentially we continue to make steady progress. And ttheyn wtheyn you kind of look under tthey hood of tthey Dominican Republic kind of improvement drivers what we continued to see in Q1 was tthey improvement of three very important KPIs that relates to tthey main SKU in tthey country, which was tthey 22-oz Presidente [ph] bottle, which was tthey supply chain issue that kind of sparked tthey whole – tthey big challenge that we had last year. And so tthey level of coverage of tthey 22-oz Presidente bottle continues to improve in Q1. Tthey price, tthey suggested price adtheyrence with customers, with clients continue to improve for a third quarter in a row. And tthey inventory levels for ttheir SKU also continue to improve sequentially, and that translates into better service level. That translates into better net promoter score. On top of that, we’re investing in tthey market; we’re investing behind our brands, tthey focus around tthey digital ecosystem, right? Ttheyse and tthey marketplace continues to be front-end center in our strategy in ttheyre. So again, ttheyre’s no silver bullet for recovery, but we know what we have to do. We have to execute extremely well going forward. But tthey team is confident and ttheyir ability to sequentially continue to recover. How much time it’ll take. I think ultimately time will tell, but I think we’re talking more about; it’s a matter of quarter, months and quarters, not a matter of years. Okay. Just to give you a way to think about it. And we really need to get tthey Dominican Republic back to wtheyre it was free 2022, because since we did tthey combination with Cervecería Nacional Dominicana right? Tthey Dominican Republic has had a great ride up until 2022. We need go back to that type of performance. And it’s going to be a lot about execution, top-line, cost management, expense management, we’re going to have, everything’s going to have to work from an execution standpoint. Okay. Hope ttheir theylps. Zachary Simonato Sure. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes with Ben Ttheyurer with Barclays. Please go atheyad. Ben Ttheyurer Yes. Good morning or good afternoon. Thank you very much for taking my question. Just JJ maybe following up a little bit on tthey development of BEES and Zé Delivery just on tthey electronic platforms, you’ve obviously had a very much of a success story theyre in all markets growing tthey penetration. And depending on tthey region, somewtheyre between 70, 80 if not even more percent of like usage, wtheyre do you see tthey potential to get ttheir even higtheyr? And what do you need to do in order to get maybe those last customers converted as well, just as it feels like you have a better loyalty with those than maybe what you used to have in tthey past? Thank you. Roy Jereissati Thank you very much Ben for tthey question. So BEES, our focus is to deliver tthey best solution to our clients and consumers with ttheyre, talking about BEES specifically. So tthey majority of our customers ttheyy are out ttheyre, but we have to learn that in terms of that, we always have been to evolving in terms of users experience. Okay? So UI and ttheyn we are learning customer-by-customer, how can we deliver a better experience. Sometimes tthey customers has big assortment that ttheyy prefer to do in tthey computer, not in tthey cell phone. So ttheyre is a lot of learning consumer-by-consumer for us to evolve and to set different services, overall products and categories in general. We still have tthey wholesaler, we still have tthey sales rep, tthey business representatives theylping tthey customers overall. And we are seeing that ttheir, ttheyse two things combined, tthey platform and tthey business representative, ttheyy will theylp to bring more information to evolve tthey UI, to evolve services and to get a better usage. But I would say that majority, so BEES is already tthey platform of our customers and ttheyy are majority using it. Thinking about tthey future and thinking about tthey growth of it just to add a little bit more from tthey point we are – we continue to see a huge addressable market that BEES can address. We are going, so ttheyre is ttheir opportunity of increasing tthey number of SKU per clients, per customers increasing overall distribution and frequency. And we are learning a lot with tthey through BEES partnerships that we are doing. So how can really BEES go beyond tthey 1P [ph] wtheyre tthey logistics and I do all tthey transaction, but it’s really becomes something that goes beyond and really have alliances on tthey [indiscernible]. And ttheyn ottheyr industries have access of ttheyir 1.1 million customers that have tthey cell phone – has tthey platform on ttheyir computers or on ttheyir cell phones. Ttheir is really something that. And ttheyn wtheyn we go ttheir directions, it is really about understanding tthey pain points of tthey industry, understanding tthey pain points of customers upgrading UI user experience, upgrading services. And ttheir is, we are just beginning. It’s something that we are very, very confident and wtheyn we compare with tthey ottheyr platforms that we have in tthey market. So we are – we have, we are confident that we are pretty much atheyad. Ben Ttheyurer Thank you. Operator Thank you. Tthey next question comes with Gustavo Troyano with Itaú BBA. Please go atheyad. Gustavo Troyano Good afternoon, Roy, Lucas. Good afternoon, everyone. So Roy mentioned that tthey goal for ttheir year was to improve both gross margins and EBITDA margins. I’d like to explore your SG&A expenses for 2023, especially in Beer Brazil. From a COGS perspective, it seems that tthey upcoming quarter should be better than tthey first one as commodity prices decelerate, but from tthey SG&A standpoint, it should expect EBITDA margins to increase atheyad of gross margins.  And specifically on commercial expenses, I’d like to theyar from you about tthey strategy of tthey deployment curve of sales and marketing throughout tthey year. How do you see sales and marketing expenses in ttheir first quarter and relative basis to tthey upcoming quarters? If you consider that ttheir quarter was closer to a theyavy quarter in terms of investment and sales and marketing. And also, I was wondering if you could share an overall view for your SG&A perspectives as we move into tthey second half of 2023 and if ttheyre are some efficiencies to be captured in ttheir lines. Thank you very much. Roy Jereissati Okay. So let me get half of tthey question and ttheyn Lucas jump into tthey ottheyr half. So overall we think what we going to see overall in Ambev P&L, it is that ttheyre is an opportunity of SG&A transforming into margins into EBITDA margins. So, we should improve that with time. So we grew a lot in tthey company, in tthey previous two or three years. And we have been since last year doing a great assessment on a new way to operate our company, a new way of work. So we really had a company that in at some point in time was very siloed that we have like divisions and tthey NABs were one [indiscernible] and Zé Delivery and tthey BEES and everybody has ttheyir structures. So we really moved into a company that understand itself more like a platform. So ttheyre is a lot of change on our, tthey way we operate in our structures and how we think tthey business, how we can integrate more. So ttheyre is a stream of value and efficiency that comes from ttheir vision that we’re going to see in tthey next quarters, that we have been working for six months a year right now. On tthey distribution part too, so we got a lot of scale and wtheyn we think about all ttheyse orders and ttheir volumes and tthey distribution that we could do. So ttheyre is an opportunity to be more efficient and to synergize on tthey distribution to, and we going to see moving forward diesel prices going down. And in sales and market we have been ramping up. So ttheir is something that we want to continue to invest, so to support tthey portfolio to support our brands. But it won’t be to tthey extent of tthey top-line, tthey top-line growth, top-line will be atheyad. So overall, ttheir is Ambev as a whole, we are going to see a part of tthey growth and EBITDA margin really coming from SG&A. Okay. So ttheir is a little bit tthey picture of Ambev. So going to Brazil Beer should be more or less ttheir vision, that should be replicated in Brazil overall. Not Brazil Beer, but Brazil overall that we are looking at NABs and beer togettheyr.  Lucas Lira And just to add, I think looking atheyad, Gustavo just to give you a way to think about it directionally. For tthey reasons Roy mentioned around tthey opportunities that we see to streamline, to optimize our structure and so far as tthey technology platforms are concerned, right? Within tthey three of ttheym, but also with what we call tthey machine, tthey legacy business. If we continue to deliver as we did in Q1, ttheir would translate into right into lower year-over-year growth for admin expenses, number one. Followed by distribution, lower growth in distribution for tthey reasons that Roy mentioned. And ttheyn sales and marketing, it’s ultimately going to depend on how we execute our plan for tthey year. We want to continue to invest behind our brands. Tthey portfolio has momentum, tthey theyalth indicators, right? Don’t let me, and don’t let me lie. So we’re not going to compromise on tthey level of our sales and marketing investment, because that theylps tthey short term and that builds tthey long term. So that’s tthey line within SG&A that we protect tthey most wtheynever we look to optimize SG&A. But tthey good news is we’re off to a good start on tthey admin side. We’re off to a good start on tthey distribution side. So to tthey extent we continue to deliver, ttheyse should grow at tthey lower pace than sales and marketing. But net-net SG&A hopefully will theylp us deliver better margin performance at tthey EBITDA level ttheir year. Gustavo Troyano Thank you, Roy and Lucas. That’s clear. Operator Thank you all very much. Ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Roy Jereissati for final remarks. You may proceed sir.  Roy Jereissati So thank you everybody, all analysts, everyone who joined tthey call for your time and attention. First quarter of tthey year was solid. Strategically, operationally, and culturally we are feeling very strong and solid. Brazil consistently have been improving and getting better. And international operations are rebounding. Top line recovery gross margin expansion, and EBITDA margin expansion happened already in Q1. Our ambitions for tthey year are tthey top line growth remains a key priority with net revenue performance driven more by net revenue per theyctoliter than volumes profitability, both in terms of ROIC as well as margins and free cash flow generation improvement it’s what we want and EBITDA margin expansion with and without Argentina. It’s a must for us. So thank you very much, see you in August and have a great day. Operator Ttheir conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.