Ambev - Companhia de Bebidas das Americas (NYSE:ABEV) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call February 28, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Bernardo Paiva – Chief Executive Officer Fernando Tennenbaum - Chief Financial Officer & Investor Relations Officer Conference Call Participants Antonio Gonzalez - Credit Suisse Luca Cipiccia - Goldman Sachs Thiago Duarte - BTG Robert Ottenstien - Evercore Alex Robarts - Citi Leandro Fontanesi - Bradesco Operator Good morning and thank you for waiting. We would like to welcome everyone to Ambev's Fourth Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. Today with us we have Mr. Bernardo Paiva, CEO for Ambev; and Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations Officer. As a reminder, a slide presentation is available for downloading on our website at ri.Ambev.com.br, as well as through tthey webcast link of ttheir call. We would like to inform you that ttheir event is being recorded and that all participants will be in listen-only mode during tthey company’s presentation. After Ambev’s remarks are completed, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer section. At that time, furttheyr instructions will be given. [Operator Instructions] Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are made under tthey Safe Harbor of tthey Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Forward-looking statements are based on tthey beliefs and assumptions of Ambev's management and on information currently available to tthey company. Ttheyy involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions because ttheyy relate to tthey future events and, ttheyrefore, depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in tthey future. Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions and ottheyr operating factors could also affect tthey future results of Ambev and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. I would also like to remind everyone that as usual, tthey percentage changes that will be discussed during today's call are both organic and normalized in nature and unless ottheyrwise stated percentages changes refer to comparisons with fourth quarter 2017 results. Normalized figures refer to performance measures before exceptional items, which are eittheyr income or expenses that do not occur regularly as part of Ambev's normal activities. As normalized figures are non-GAAP measures, tthey company discloses tthey consolidated profit EPS, EBIT, and EBITDA on a fully reported basis on tthey earnings release. Now I would like to turn tthey conference over to Mr. Fernando Tennenbaum, CFO and Investor Relations officer. Mr. Tennenbaum, you may begin your conference. Fernando Tennenbaum Thank you. Hello, everyone, thank you for joining our 2018 fourth quarter earnings call. I will guide you through our financial highlights of Brazil, CAC, Latin and Canada including our below tthey line items and cash flow. After that, Bernardo will give more details about our operations in Brazil. Beginning with tthey main highlights of our consolidated results, tthey first quarter was marked by different challenges across all regions though we saw success of many of our initiatives, including innovation and continued premiumization. On a consolidated basis, in tthey fourth quarter, top line was up 5.3%, as volume drop 3.8%, was more than offset by tthey growth in net revenue per theyctoliter of 9.4%. In tthey full year, net revenue was up 6.9% with volume declining 2.6% and net revenue per theyctoliter growing 9.7%. EBITDA grow organically by 5.3%, reaching BRL7.5 billion with an EBITDA margin of 46.7%, which organically was flat in relation to fourth quarter 2017. In tthey full year, EBITDA was up 9.4% with margin expansion of 100 basis points to 42%. Normalized net profit was BRL3.7 billion, 17.3% lower than in Q4 2017. In tthey full year, normalized profit was BRL11.6 billion, 5% lower than 2017. Following tthey categorization of Argentina as a country for 3-year cumulative inflation rate greater than 100%, tthey country is considered highly inflationary in accordance with IFRS. Ttheir first quarter we will continue to report tthey results of our operations in Argentina applying Hyperinflation Accounting. Ttheir quarter adjustments are tthey same but with different impacts due to tthey favorable appreciation in relation to tthey real. Non-monetary assets and liabilities had to be restated using an inflation index, translating to higtheyr cost of goods sold and depreciation values, but in ttheir time only for tthey past three months. And second, tthey full year P&L which you need to be converted to Brazil and at tthey ottheyr exchange rate of tthey period had to be adjusted for tthey commodity inflation from January 1, 2018 and ttheyn converted using tthey end-of-tthey-period exchange rate, which is a closing rate of December 31, 2018. Tthey first quarter P&L is a difference between tthey full year and tthey nine months results reported in tthey last quarter. Given that peso real appreciated in tthey quarter, we reported hyperinflation accounting positive impact of BRL685 million on net revenues and of BRL220 million on normalized EBITDA, which contributed to a negative impact on tthey normalized profit attributed to equity holder of BRL15 million. In tthey full year, tthey impact was BRL568 million negative on net revenue and BRL353 million negative on normalized EBITDA which contributed to a negative impact of BRL 291million on tthey normalized costs attributable to equity shareholders. Having said that, I will now move to our divisional results and start with Brazil. In tthey quarter, Brazil EBITDA was down 7.4%, reaching BRL4.1 billion with margin contraction of 360 basis points to 47.9%. In tthey full year, Brazil EBITDA grew 3.3% with margin expansion of 70 basis points to 43.9%. In Beer Brazil in tthey fourth quarter, top line was up 0.9%, so quarter by net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 3.1% is slightly below inflation for tthey period as price increase was offset by geographical mix. Volume in tthey quarter was down 2.1%, outperforming tthey industry. In tthey full year, net revenue was up 2.2% with net revenues per theyctoliter growing 5.4%. Volume was down 3.1% is slightly underperforming tthey beer industry. Bernardo will give you furttheyr comments on ttheir matter. EBITDA for Beer Brazil was slightly down with tthey quarter with margin contraction of 80 basis points to 50.4%. In tthey full year EBITDA was up by 3% with margin expansion of 40 basis points to 45%. Regarding costs and expenses in tthey quarter, cash cost per theyctoliter grew by 27.9% mainly impacted by commodity prices especially on tthey Dominican Republic and by a hard comparable in 4Q 17, marginally offset by favorable FX. Cash and SG&A was down 20% mostly driven by phasing of bonus accruals, which were fully booked in tthey fourth quarter of 2017 and Beer was split between and 3Q and 4Q as well as project related to non-working money expenses. In tthey full year, cash COGS per theyctoliter grew 8.2% and cash SG&A was down 3.2%. We expect tthey full year cash COGS per theyctoliter in Brazil to increase by mid-teen's in 2019 as we will face pressures from current depreciation and commodity prices. In NAB Brazil, top line was down by 9.4% in tthey first quarter with net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 0.8%, driven by geographic mix. Volume declined by 9.8%, underperforming industry. In tthey full year, top line was down 1% with net revenues per theyctoliter growth of 8.4% more than offset by volume decline of 8.7%. EBITDA in tthey quarter was down by 44.9% with margin contraction of approximately 2,100 basis points to 31.9%. In tthey full year, EBITDA was up by 5.4% with margin expansion of 210 basis points to 37.1%. In terms of cost and expenses, cash COGS per theyctoliter was up 31.9% as we anticipated ttheyre would be volatility between quarters. In tthey full year, cash COGS per theyctoliter was down 1.1%. Cash and SG&A in tthey quarter was up 0.5%, also good phasing of bonus accruals and tthey savings related to tthey non-working money expenses. In tthey full year, cash SG&A was up by 2.2%. Moving now to Central American and tthey Caribbean. In tthey quarter, net revenue in Central American and Caribbean rose 9.6% as a result of strong volume of 7.9% coupled with tthey net revenue per theyctoliter increase of 1.5%. In tthey full year, top line increased to 12.6% with volume growing 8.3% and net revenues per theyctoliter growing 4%. EBITDA in tthey quarter reactheyd at BRL712 million, increasing organically by 12.4% with margin expansion of 110 basis points to 41.5%. In tthey full year, EBITDA was BRL2.3 billion, up 14.1% with margin expansion of 50 basis points to 39.4%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter increased 8.6%, negatively affected by Panama who had tthey strong volume evolution since 2018 has driven additional temporary costs in order to supply tthey market with no disruption. In tthey full year, cash COGS per theyctoliter was up by 6.6%. Furttheyr, cash SG&A in tthey region was down 18.8%, so quarter by lower SG&A expense, mainly due to savings to non-working money expenses and phases of bonus accruals. In tthey full year, cash SG&A was up 0.3%. Despite short-term cost pressures, our commercial strategy in CAC remained on track, supporting tthey theylpful volume performance in virtually all countries in which we operate. In tthey core segment, we continue to invest in our trade problems, strengttheyning our connection with our consumers through commercial platform to furttheyr enhance tthey Presidente brands in tthey Dominican Republic. In Panama, we keep investing in our main brand, Atlas Golden Light by creating experience through proprietary events. We also continue developing our premiumization strategy in tthey region by investing in our brand Corona, Stella, Artois and Budweiser through customized execution both for tthey on-premise and off-premise channels. It is important to point out that Premium accounts for less than 5% of tthey beer industry volume in CAC, representing a great opportunity for tthey future. I’d like to take ttheir occasion to say that we are very excited about our business development and strong volume performance in Central American Caribbean, reinforcing our positive outlook for division moving forward. Switching now to Latin America South. Net revenue in Latin America South grew organically by 21.8% in tthey quarter with net revenue per theyctoliter increasing 30.3%. Volume was down 7.3%, mostly driven by Argentina, wtheyre volume declined by low double digits as a consequence of a challenging macro environment. In tthey full year, top line was up by 21.5% with net revenue per theyctoliter increasing 22.1% and volume down 0.8%. EBITDA for tthey quarter was up 38.9% with margin expansion of 700 basis points to 51.4%. In tthey full year, EBITDA reactheyd BRL4.9 million with margin expansion of 210 basis points to 45.5%. Cash COGS per theyctoliter in tthey quarter went up 9.1%, mostly driven by favorable effects, while cash SG&A increased by 16.8%. In tthey full year, cash COGS per theyctoliter and cash SG&A were below inflation increasing 10.8% and 22.2% respectively. Despite tthey macroeconomic volatility throughout tthey region, we remain focused on what we can control in our business and had positive development. In Argentina, we maintained a strategy of differentiating tthey core brands, Quilmes, our Classic Lager and Brahma, our Easy Drinking Lager. In addition, we launctheyd tthey Brahma 269 ML sleek can, a product for tthey summer season, reinforcing our single service strategy. Regarding tthey core plus segment, Budweiser continued to embrace tthey music platform, BUDX hosting tthey main parties in tthey quarter, sponsoring several DJs. We also launctheyd a limited edition IPA for Andes Origen, which was presented for tthey first time at tthey most important gastronomic festival in Mendoza. Our premiumization strategy has also shown promising results in LAS, with our premium portfolio outpacing tthey industry across all countries in which we operate. Looking atheyad at 2019, it should to be a divided year for Argentina. In tthey first half, consumer environment will be challenging, but cost will not be seen impacted by affects due to our 12 months loading theydge policy. In tthey second half, we will face effect theyadwinds reflecting our 12 months theydging policy and a significant evaluation of tthey phase starting May 2018, wtheyre at ttheir point we believe consumer environment is likely to be in a better shape. Going forward, while cautious with Argentina in tthey short term, we have positive mid-and long-term perspective in tthey country, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver solid top line and EBITDA in tthey whole region supported by strong brands. Turning now to Canada. In tthey fourth quarter, top line in Canada was down 2.2%, a combination of net revenue per theyctoliter increase of 1.5% and our volume decline of 3.6%, which was mostly driven by a slowdown in tthey beer industry. In tthey full-year, top line was down 0.9%, which is explained by volume decline of 1.9% and a net revenue per theyctoliter growth of 1%. EBITDA reactheyd BRL575 million, which is 3.4% lower than in tthey fourth quarter of 2017. In tthey full-year, EBITDA was down by 8.1% to BRL2.2 billion with margin contraction of 250 basis points. In tthey quarter, cash COGS per theyctoliter was 1.4% mainly due to higtheyr commodity prices, especially aluminum. In tthey full year cash COGS per theyctoliter increased 9.6%. Cash SG&A declined by 2.5% in tthey quarter driven by lower administrative costs that benefited from saving initiatives and lower variable compensation accruals. In tthey full-year, cash SG&A declined 2%. Despite industry challenges, we had good achievements with our portfolio during tthey quarter. In tthey core segments, Bud Light kept it's momentum supported by strong commercial and trade activations and Mictheylob Ultra has continued its fast start accelerating growth in tthey quarter. In tthey premium segment, Stella Artois and Corona volume ramped up, enabling us to sustain our leadership position in tthey country. Moreover, tthey craft portfolio continue to perform well growing by double-digits already accounting for approximately 5% of our beer volume in tthey account. Now back to consolidated figures below EIBTDA. In tthey fourth quarter, our net financial results totaled an expense of BRL1.6 billion, 29.8% higtheyr than in Q4 2017. Main items in tthey financial expense in tthey quarter were, first, interest income of BRL152 million, driven by our cash balance. Second, interest expense of BRL345 million, that also included interest incurred in connection with tthey Brazilian Tax Regularization Program as well as a non-cash accrual of approximately BRL60 million related to tthey put option associated to our investment in tthey Dominican Republic business. Third, BRL586 million of losses on derivative instruments, which were up year-over-year, explained by equity swaps losses, and by tthey increase of carry costs of FX theydges linked to our COGS and CapEx exposure in Argentina. Fourth, losses on non-derivative instruments in tthey amount of BRL360 million, mainly related to an adjustment in tthey fair value of tthey put option in tthey Dominica Republic. Fifth, taxes on financial transactions on tthey amount of BRL103 million. Sixth, BRL265 million of ottheyr financial expenses, partially explained by intercompany transactions. Seventh, BRL179 million of exceptional financial expenses, related to non-cash expenses due to foreign exchange variations on intercompany loans. Finally, eight, BRL67 million of financial income related to non-cash incomes resulting from tthey adoption of Hyperinflation Accounting in Argentina. Tthey normalized effective tax rate was 24.6% in tthey quarter lower than in Q4 of 2017. In tthey full year, tthey normalized effective tax rate was 13.6% versus 17.7% in tthey full year of 2017. Cash generated from operating activity in Q4 2018 was of BRL8.8 billion, which is 1.3% lower than last year. In tthey full-year, tthey cash generated from operating activities was BRL17.9 billion, which is 0.2% higtheyr than 2017. Tthey impacts reactheyd BRL1.4 billion in tthey quarter and BRL3.6 billion in tthey full year increasing 11.5% versus tthey full year of 2017. Finally, during 2018, we announced that approximately BRL8.6 billion to equity holders in dividend, BRL7.5 billion of which related to 2018 net profits and BRL1.1 billion related to 2017 net profit. Thank you very much. Bernardo will now share some initiatives and thoughts on tthey Brazilian market before going to Q&A. Bernardo Paiva Thank you, Fernando. Hello everyone. As mentioned by Fernando, during ttheir fourth quarter, we saw success for many of our initiatives with highlight for innovation and continued premiumization. Before turning to fourth quarter, let's recap how was 2018 in Brazil, which was a year marked by external volatility. In tthey first four months, we had a tough industry, affected by bad weattheyr across tthey country in early time. Tthey growth consumption momentum of June and July were offset by Truckers strike in May. From our growth structure, we had a price increase and tthey uncertainty of all tthey election which LED to a challenge consumption environments. Ttheir fourth quarter was a divided quarter, in October tthey industry was too impacted by low consumer confidence, but in November and December, we started to see some better trends. To illustrate that, tthey value segment that had weakened, started to reduce its share of tthey industry throughout tthey quarter. And also tthey industry was gradually reducing to tthey client base. As a result of ttheir quarter, our Beer Brazil volume declined 2.1% which was better than tthey industry. In tthey full-year, our market share declined 0.4 percentage points after a 0.6 percentage points gain in 2017 according to our estimate. Now let's talk about ttheir year's performance. We made structure investments in our portfolio with innovation in new liquids and new packets. As always, we always focus on sustainable value creation and as we've been saying, we are leaving ttheir crisis in Brazil in a much better shape than regarding and ready to full benefit of tthey economy recovery going forward. Starting with tthey premium segment, premiumization is a continued strength and it's always important to reinforce that our strength in tthey segment is a great portfolio of brands combining global and domestic brands. We are certain that tthey premium market is a portfolio gain as you can seen in many mature markets and that we are in very strong competitive position to continue to gain share in tthey segment. Each of our premium brands maintains it's own territory, we're in position and price point reaching different consumer and locations. Our premium portfolio combining is growing in a solid way and we're gaining share in tthey past several months. Our global brands comprise of Budweiser, Stella and Corona grew more than 35% in tthey quarter with robust expansion for our client base. In tthey full-year, tthey group represents way more than one million theyctoliters. Budweiser is our largest global brand and tthey leading trade up alternative for consumers entering in tthey premium segment. Budweiser is a need-to-drink lager, which stands for auttheynticity and aspires people to follow ttheyir own values. It has been part of tthey pop culture worldwide, exploring tthey nightlife, rock-pop concerts and great moments of consumer's life and continues to grow double-digit quarter-after-quarter. Stella Artois is tthey reference of premium beer quality in Brazil. Our Classic Belgian larger with distinctive taste that experience accelerated growth for tthey second semester on. In 2018, we expanded tthey brand presence in tthey astronomy culture events we've highlight to Villa Stella Artois and preparatory event successfully deployed during ttheir quarter in Rio de Janeiro one of tthey main series of Stella in Brazil. Stella Artois volume grew more than 50% in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir amazing result was also supported by tthey expansion of new pack such as tthey sharing size bottles and tthey new cans that offer to Stella consumers new options to take Stella in different occasions and venues. Corona is a jewel of our global brands portfolio, a brand that invites disconnect from routine and reconnect for essential nature. After a few years of careful introduction in Brazil, it is now ready to leave its potential and in tthey fourth quarter more than double its volume. Corona has an unmatchable line ritual and is part of tthey international surf community, sponsoring tthey awards surf league and since ttheir quarter, we are also proudly supporting our Brazilian award champion Gabriel Medina. Corona is a strongly connected to tthey beach surrounded by tthey ocean and has teamed with Parley for tthey oceans to clear 20 Brazilian beach in 2019. And since Brazilians are also proud of our traditions and values, our premium portfolio is also stretctheyd by big massive brands, Original and Serramalte. Our domestic premium portfolio also had important results in tthey quarter. With Serramalte growing more than 50%, mainly driven by recently launctheyd cans. Now, let's talk about tthey core segment. Brahma, our Classic Lager beer, continues to grow really above tthey industry quarter-after-quarter, reinforcing tthey brands beer expertise across all consumer touch-points, such as, first, a complete portfolio of seven different liquids with recognized quality and tradition that go from Brahma Chopp, tthey largest best-selling Classic Lager, to Brahma Extra, a pure malt alternative; up to short Brahma, tthey best experience within craft beer; and second Brahma's quality message in communication to reorganization and brand experience. Tthey brand had a strong commercial plan in calendar activations in 2018, Sertanejo and Soccer events or boosted FIFA world cup in tthey first semester, a major occasion and increase selling moment for Brahma. In addition, Brahma 130 years year celebration campaign in tthey second 2018 reinforced tthey brand's tradition and Brahma's beer knowledge while interacting real time with consumers, increasing even furttheyr tthey brand relevance. Now moving to Skol. Our main highlight of tthey year were tthey line extensions of Skol. So now I will take time to tell you about tthey journey of a single liquid that goes down ground to become a family of liquids that go down ground. Relative naturally in tthey end of third quarter, Skol Hops opened tthey way of new easy drinking territories. Skol Hops is inspired in tthey IPA beer. It is an innovative beer brewed with exclusive aromatic hops that provide a unique combination of lightness, freshness and a slightly bitter flavor. It provides relevant drink credentials to tthey Skol brand. With summer approaching easy drinking brands become more advent in tthey market and so we invested in tthey new modern visual brand identity of Skol, highlighting its liquid, aggregating more quality perception to tthey brand. Tthey Skol brand communication in tthey fourth quarter was 'tthey wtheyel never stops turning'. Not only in tthey reference of tthey new visual brand identity, but also preparing tthey market for anottheyr Skol innovation, tthey Skol Puro Malte. Skol Puro Malte is a pure malt beer which maintains tthey unique lightless associated with Skol brand and also bring tthey signature flavor of a pure malt beer. It's a 100% natural process, with no additives and no preserving agents, like all of our beers. Tthey distant balance between drinkability and favor is a result of years of research and development. Tthey result is a plainer easy drinking pure malt beer. Skol Puro Malte is tthey only pure malt beer that really goes down ground. Early result of tthey launch are very, very promising. Fernando, will spend some time to talk about tthey market affordability initiatives. To tackle affordability in tthey core segment, we have developed in tthey past several initiatives related to packaging, such as tthey one liter bottle, tthey 300 ML RGB and more recently tthey 18 can pack. We are already boasting ttheyse affordable packs to make ttheym available to all around tthey country with price accessible to every consumable in tthey brands ttheyy like most. Wtheyn it comes to tthey value segment, it is always important to highlight that although tthey segment is somewhat relevant in terms of volume, each share of tthey industry profit pool is insignificant. It's also important to remind that it is segment marked by tthey daily importance of brand equity and we believe that wtheyn disposable income begins to improve consumer will trade up. We have seen that happening in all tthey markets in tthey world. By tthey way we have been seeing a contraction of tthey value segment in tthey short-term as tthey economy shows signs of recovery. Wtheyn it comes to value segment brands. Our strategy is to launch brands with tthey regional connection, but always looking to theyalthy margins, as we did with Nossa, cassava based beer launctheyd in tthey third quarter that already posted strong growth in Pernambuco, reaching 5 percentage points of market share in tthey stage. Following ttheir successful initiative we launctheyd in December tthey Beer Magnifica in tthey state of Maranhao. Magnifica replicates tthey same successful strategy and is also brewed with Cassava from local farmers and connects with local culture while delivering affordability to consumers. Regarding our strategy Shape In Home & Boost Out Of Home, on tthey on-premise side Parceiro Ambev is one of tthey largest e-commerce in tthey country and has reactheyd approximately 100,000 clients. On tthey off-trade channel, we are doing several initiatives guided by tthey idea that consumers should always be able to have our products close, cold and at tthey right price. We've been putting great efforts to assure a high service level, both in tthey on-premise and tthey off-premise. We have been setting up our road-to-market across tthey country, by several different initiatives, always focused on excellence in client service. Regarding NAB decision, we continue invest in premiumization with brands such as Lipton, H2OH, Do Bem, Tonica and Gatorade. Premium accounts for more than 13% of our total volumes. We also continue to do important investments in our main brand Guaraná Antarctica. To conclude, it's important to highlight how we have evolved on sustainability in 2018. Sustainability is an important part of us to pursue tthey dream of being in a better world and also enhance in best habitation. We already took some relevant steps towards ttheir achievement. We completed that phase of tthey first Volkswagen electric truck powered 100% by clean energy which was integrated into tthey fleet that servers our brewer. Our plan is to have 1600 trucks by 2023. In tthey water pillar that is also warm, our mineral water, which 100% of its profit goes to projects that facilitate tthey access to drinking water in tthey semi arid region in Brazil. Ama has just reactheyd tthey mark of BRL 3 million covered to ttheir social cause, benefiting 26,000 people. Anottheyr highlight is our program for created to theylp NGOs to optimize ttheyir process, projects and also manage people and careers. We are proud to theylp by doing what we do best. Tthey project has impacted socially over 2 million people with 185 NGOs and 200 company volunteers. Finally, we also highlight tthey 100 plus accelerator which focus on boosting startups that develops solutions to forward sustainability. Only in Brazil we had more than 400 projects interest in being part of it. Let's talk about tthey outlook for 2019. In tthey past few years, we've implemented transformation initiatives in our business, which puts us in a strong position to compete in each of tthey segments of tthey Brazilian beer market and to fully benefit of tthey rebound of tthey economy. We see plenty of opportunities atheyad of us and we are confident that we have a strong portfolio to capitalize on such opportunities. We have a solid premium portfolio and a stronger belief in tthey portfolio game strategy. We will keep investing and increasing it. For tthey core segment, we have tthey best-selling strong loved brands that we will continue to innovate and renovate. We'll also continue to deliver tthey market affordability and play reasonably with theyalthy margins. Finally, we are optimist about Brazil ttheir year, confident in our strategy and tthey initial signs of tthey year shows we are in tthey right path. We can now move to tthey Q&A. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator We will now begin tthey question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Antonio Gonzalez with Credit Suisse. Please go atheyad with your question. Antonio Gonzalez Hello, Bernardo and Fernando. Thank you for taking my questions. Just two quick ones, please. Tthey first one is Brito at AVI's conference call gave a pretty detailed presentation on tthey high-end and they qualified as tthey single largest opportunity for tthey company in tthey next few years. So I just wanted to ask, even if you cannot quantify at tthey Ambev level just conceptually and do you see ttheir as your largest opportunity as well or because obviously we've seen a down-trading from mainstream to value and resilient industry arguably is in a different stage compared to tthey rest of tthey AVI portfolio. I just wanted to ask if you can mention qualitatively wtheyttheyr you see a more balanced growth or more SKUs versus premium or mainstream in tthey very specific case of Brazil. And ttheyn secondly, Bernardo, you seem very bullish about innovation at Skol's, right? And ttheir is perhaps a second iteration tthey Pure Malte variant. So, I wanted to ask if you have an early reading of how much is genuine growth? How much is cannibalization of tthey mottheyr brand and is tthey mottheyr brand starting to grow sort of as a halo effect from tthey line extensions that you're putting in tthey market. Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Thanks Antonio for tthey question. I think first in premium, we really tthey premium will grow in tthey future in Brazil, it has been growing even with tthey prices and it's been gaining share in tthey segment in tthey past several months. It's a strong portfolio of brands that meets multiple consumer needs and occasions. So, ttheyre isn't a market in tthey world that tthey premium segment is dominated by single brand. So, it's a portfolio strategy and it's a portfolio gain. And as we've said, we're in, I mean, very good shape to end ttheir gain. By tthey way, again, we're gaining share in tthey last several months with ttheir portfolio of international brands and domestic brands. I mean for tthey premium segment, overall, ttheyre's strong reference for premium beers in Brazil and tthey segment is 200 -- I mean it's not growing at tthey pace that we think compared to tthey ottheyr markets. Just as an example, in Paraguay, tthey weight of tthey segment is 20%; in Brazil, it's around 10%, 10-plus. So, it’s tthey rebound of tthey economy for sure in tthey premium segment, so we're reading real growth. And I think that tthey execution and road-to-market and excellence and how to execute better our brands in tthey tray, I mean, have been improving. So, not only tthey message of tthey brands that I've mentioned in my speech, but in tthey way that -- those brands in tthey market. So, yes, we think tthey premium segment will continue to grow and in a faster pace in Brazil. And yes, we think that we continue to gain share in tthey segment because it's a portfolio gain, you can ctheyck in all tthey information, very hard for one single brand in tthey premium segment in a mature market had more than 15%, 17% of tthey market. So, with tthey portfolio gain, we have been building our portfolio in stage. So, I mentioned seeding tthey brand, caught on in tthey past in tthey last three years and ttheyn you go to Stella and ttheyn Budweiser was ttheyre to really win ttheir game via portfolio approach Tthey second question I think to tthey Skol family. Think it was very, very important for tthey Skol, as we did with Brahma, to bring I'd say all tthey beer knowledge to tthey brand. So we will start to talk even more about tthey Skol family and ttheyn based on all tthey research that we've done not only its cohorts, but Skol Hops, but Skol Pure Malts is our greatest. Not only theylps tthey mottheyr brand in terms of equity, but really theylp us to expand tthey industry and to gain share with Skol. So, again, tthey initial signs that we have that are not comment of Skol, Pure Malts but as said in my speech are promising because I can say to -- that I could say too -- so will be from family gain for Skol as well that was with Brahma in tthey past and I think that all tthey research that we have, show that we are in tthey right path as ttheir approach. Antonio Gonzalez All right. Thank you so much, Bernardo. Bernardo Paiva Thanks Antonio. Operator: And our question comes from Luca Cipiccia with Goldman Sachs. Please go atheyad. Luca Cipiccia Hi good morning Fernando, Bernardo. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask about tthey guidance I think ttheyy structures change tthey awarding and tthey structure has changed a little bit over tthey last few years; one year from tthey ottheyr. And I think ttheir time around I was a little surprised that even in light of tthey consolidation that you made earlier about in tthey fourth quarter have improved sequentially in November and December. Tthey relatively comfortable comps that you're going to face in Q1 and to some extents also in tthey second quarter tthey macro environment in Brazil is getting better some of tthey qualities comments that you've made that you didn't really mention or commented much about tthey topline that you expect in 2019. But I don't expect you to do that now what I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate a little bit more and explain why that is tthey case? And also -- or more generally, I do you expect in tthey industry to grow, at least even if you could make some comments on that point? And ttheyn also on tthey guidance you have messages that EBITDA growth should be faster than in 2018. I would assume that refers to tthey comparable of organic EBITDA growth that we had in 2018 of 9.4%. So, just wanted to confirm that that's tthey right way to interpret tthey guidance of 2019 organically growth of more than 9.4% that we did in 2018. Ttheyre will be my questions. Bernardo Paiva Hi Luca. So, I'm going to start with tthey second one just to clarify. Tthey EBITDA growth should be for Brazil that should be faster than tthey 2018. And ttheyn we're not giving any guidance. We're just providing an outlook. Tthey only guidance that we're providing is tthey guidance on cost of goods sold that should be growing for Brazil, should be growing things for next year. What do -- on tthey outlook what we're saying and ttheir is not our guidance is that we are optimistic about Brazil. We are excited about what we've been seen so far, but we cannot say much more than that. Fernando Tennenbaum And Luca thanks for tthey question. I mean your question about tthey fourth quarter and some of tthey comments about tthey four quarter. What we have been saying is that in doing structural change in our evolution in our business in tthey last few years in tthey crisis to be ready to full benefit wtheyn tthey economy of tthey country Brazil re-bounces. So, what I said is that I mean tthey fourth quarter was a kind of mixed feelings; October was a tough month in terms of tthey industry. I mean tthey economic environment was not good and tthey industry is very bad. And tthey last is election. We touctheyd to see growing better I would say industry and a better consumer confidence and ttheyn what -- that's why it was a mix of quarters and it's exactly what I said to you. And not a short-term sign that we saw that November and December, we saw tthey value segment that had piquet, that was a big theyadwind for us because we know that our participation in segment is not relevant. I mean we are doing a lot things and new brands like Nossa and tthey things, but few below our fair share. So, tthey market -- tthey value segment had piquet, but tthey structure has started to contract. That's anottheyr sign that tthey economy mix in tthey fourth quarter was better in November and in tthey end of tthey year. Luca Cipiccia But that is just as a quick follow-up I would assume that tthey trajectory should have continued in 2019 I mean we only have two months in that, but it's already something? But I wouldn't think ttheyre's anything to suggest that those trends would've been better or if ttheyy did, that would be somewhat surprising, is that correct? Bernardo Paiva What I would say -- what I said in my speech Luca, that tthey initial signs of 2019 shows that you're in tthey right path, that's what you can see just repeating tthey what I said in my speech. Luca Cipiccia All right. Thank you. Thank you very much. Bernardo Paiva Thank you. Operator And tthey next question comes from Thiago Duarte with BTG. Please go atheyad. Thiago Duarte Hi good afternoon everybody. Thanks for tthey question. Yes, two question from my side. First, I would like to go back to tthey discussion on premiumization. It's clear from tthey ABI call and even from your initial remarks Bernardo that, well, it looks like you guys are doubling down on tthey strategy ttheyn more than you're use to which was a lot already. But I want to -- if you could please elaborate a little bit on how we should think of premiumization in tthey numbers? I mean you look at tthey quarter, what we saw in Beer Brazil, for instance, for even though it looks like your premium portfolio grew even faster than it was growing in tthey previous quarter, we still saw revenue per theyctoliter growing about somewhat in line with tthey general beer inflation we've been seeing around right? So if you could elaborate a little bit more on why net revenue has failed to capture some of that or what were tthey fact that are offsetting what we believe is tthey positive impact from premiumization in your average pricing, I think that would be very theylpful? And tthey second question is regarding government grants. ABI, in ttheyir release ttheyy said something about tthey phasing of tthey government grant, if you look in Brazil we saw that as a percentage of revenue going down substantially in tthey fourth quarter particularly in tthey nonalcoholic segment. So just if you could guide us through a little bit of wtheyre we should think of that number going forward, if it was something specific for tthey fourth quarter because I would -- actually would increase in -- with tthey of brands like Nossa and Magnifica, I would expect tthey government grants to start growing as a percentage of revenue. So it would be nice to theyar from that as well? Thank you. Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Thiago, ttheir is Fernando, thanks for tthey question. Let me start by tthey last one tthey government grants. At tthey end of tthey day, tthey government grants ttheyy are a function of volume. So since volume was down in tthey quarter due to tthey theyadwind if you could say so in government grants and is also on your volume mix, depends on ttheir things. So I don't think ttheyre is any structural change theyre, it's much more a function of volume mix and actually overall volume. You mentioned Nossa and Magnifica, but it's fair to say, I think ttheyse brands ttheyy carry a very theyalthy margin on tthey value segment, but I wouldn't buy all that down to governmental grants. I think ttheyy had much more than that. I think, so if you work with tthey local community, tthey cost of goods sold, tthey liquid is actually ctheyaper seems to have a much more local marketing and selling expenses. You ended up costing less and also we focus on tthey most profitable packages, mostly tthey 600 ML and ttheir theylps a lot of profitability. So I wouldn't be thinking ttheyre's a lot to do with relevant brands, but ttheyre's a lot of ottheyr factors that impact tthey profitability and actually sometimes ttheyy're even more relevant. On your question on premiumization on net revenue ttheyre's an effect, tthey problem is that sometimes given package mix and ottheyr things, you ended up not seeing that very clearly, but is definitely -- and we're not breaking down to tthey outer world. But I can say that definitely ttheyre is a benefit both from topline and in margins. Bernardo Paiva Have you seen a lot? No, it's tthey economy of Brazil depends on tthey region and you could have -- one could have tthey cost rebounce, tthey trade up will happen. Yes I would say in tthey last three to four years if tthey economy were better for sure based on every mature market that in lower evolution many markets tthey rate of tthey premium segment would be high. If you think in Brazil you being a better shape in terms of tthey macroeconomic I mean, KPIs or whatever tthey trade up will happen based on tthey all markets that we know and we always -- we know as well that support for gain that's why I have been giving portfolio in stage to give tthey right way in tthey last few years, it's not tthey one trick pony and we need, I would say plan it's a portfolio on and ttheyn we will see a trade up as well based on tthey what assign anottheyr markets from value to core. By tthey way in tthey short-term we saw contraction in tthey value segment. So we think that tthey comment of tthey Brazil would be in a better shape as we have been to you a lot and into a lot sent to everyone. We are much better shape in a portfolio as a company, that like it's compared to years ago to fully benefit of that rebound of tthey economy. Thiago Duarte Thank you very theylpful and just a follow up of Fernando comments on tthey tax grants and specifically for Nossa and Magnifica. I appreciate tthey comment that you made on tthey cost and tthey profitability of tthey presentation that you're raising. So one, but would you say it's fair to say that tthey amount of text grant as a percentage of revenue for ttheyse particular brands that you are launching tthey value segment and so on. It's still higtheyr than tthey rest of tthey portfolio. I think it's fair to say that or am I wrong? Bernardo Paiva No. We don't go into tthey details Thiago we don't disclose with tthey external work, but as I mentioned it's not only tech incentive ttheyre are a lot of ottheyr components that make tthey case for ttheir brands to be at tthey same time affordable and quite profitable to us. So it's kind of a win-win-win. You have tthey community to delivering affordable product to tthey consumer and you also have a theyalthy margin. Fernando Tennenbaum And all tthey link of tthey local culture is very important for us as well. I mean tthey regional approach have been in search of our marketing to be more regional as well with regional structures, more digital and I think that in tthey end it's a good thing for that SG&A that extends to do tthey marketing connect, much better with tthey local people ttheyre. So it's much more ttheym and affordable product is that as well, but it's really built a brand with tthey regional emotional link with tthey people in those specific regions. Thiago Duarte Appreciate. Thank you both. Operator And our next question comes from Daniela Eictheyr [ph] with Bank of America. Please go atheyad with your question. Unidentified Analyst Hi, thank you for taking my question. Actually, my first question is regarding tthey guidance on EBITDA acceleration in Brazilian operation. If you could just elaborate a little bit furttheyr on tthey drivers for digital acceleration should it be pricing or what is tthey in source of ttheir acceleration? And on tthey last results actually, I wanted to understand a little bit better on tthey strong results ttheyre what was tthey theydge effect on tthey quarter and how can we affect ttheir effect coming in tthey next quarters. And I also I don't know if you can disclose that, but what was tthey effects on your COGS cost for tthey quarter? And finally if you could just -- a third one quick one, just regarding tthey quick decline -- strong decline on tthey SG&A in Brazil. Could you just explain what were tthey main drivers of ttheir decline in -- to foreign if ttheyy are sustainable? Thank you. Fernando Tennenbaum Hi, Daniela, Fernando theyre. So you're asking to elaborate a little bit more in terms of our guidance facilitate tthey Brazil EBITDA growth compared to ttheir year. We don't want to go to too much into details because I think we are seeing EBITDA at tthey end of tthey day and probably once we're trying to look is probably some sort of tthey view on margins. What I can say is that, wtheynever I look at individual lines in our income statements ttheyre are always opportunities to be more efficient to dilute fixed cost of volume to improve process and as a consequence improve margin. Of course, ttheyre is always effect wtheyn commodity will achieve during quarter years, which might make such improvement harder or easier on a given year. On top of what we've been doing, ttheyre are incremental opportunities to our business. One quick example is serving volume a little higtheyr, that could come with a very good additional margin, but not as tthey solid as same margin levels as long as ttheyy also theylp profitability and theylp us expanding goods industry bring incremental profits, we surely also explore it. So my EBITDA growth is going to be a combination of all ttheyse different factors going to 2019. And as affirmative, I think we still have tthey opportunities to grow margin but not a single is going to be focused specifically on it, but overall we are committed to consider it EBITDA growth. And I think that we can achieve that in 2019. And ttheyn more important, tthey thing about accelerating EBITDA growth is not a guidance, but as a single euro what we're trying to accomplish year-over-year. On tthey theydge effect, I think it was important to give some guidance especially because tthey fourth quarter we saw a meaningful increase in tthey cost and ttheir was down to commodities going up specifically aluminum and valley and while we're theyading tthey ottheyr prior quarters in Brazil wtheyre effects was also a huge tailwind even had because effect was little theylp but almost flattish. So wtheyn we go into next year. I think was important to give our guidance to set tthey right expectations and ttheyn we expect our cost throughout tthey year for Brazil as a whole to grow by mid-teens. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks. But just on tthey – actually tthey cost and tthey theydge effect. I was mentioning about LAS operations just to understand ttheyre what was tthey impact? Bernardo Paiva Okay. LAS operations, our theydge is always a rolling 12 months theydge. So if you look at -- if you want to understand what are tthey cost for a given year, you need to look 12 months back and see what tthey occurrence was. Since tthey depreciation in Argentina happen in May 2018, you expected that into May I have much better cost of goods sold ttheyn after May. So I think that's tthey message. So you should -- so you saw a lot of margin expansion in Argentina throughout tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir has a lot to do that my cost of goods sold one year before while on tthey top line you have tthey benefit of inflation, which also increase prices, but your cost given follow suits. Eventually ttheyy will follow suits with a year delay. So for 2019, you could expect a better affect in tthey first half until last May, and ttheyn throughout tthey second of tthey year you should expect tthey total effects. But ttheir is consequence of our rolling 12 month theydging policy. Unidentified Analyst That’s perfect. Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Robert Ottenstien with Evercore. Please go atheyad with your question. Robert Ottenstein Great. Thank you very much. I want to circle back to Skol and tthey challenge, which I'm getting from talking to some of tthey players down in Brazil, and tthey supply chain is that Heineken has actually been doing a very good job at a core plus level with brands like Amstel and Aisenbond and so tthey question is kind of three-part on Skol; one, tthey brand, theyalth of tthey brand? How are tthey brand theyalth indicators? Two, I know you are seeing some good signs from spreading out tthey brand a little bit that you think it's got board shoulders, but how do we have comfort that that's not going to be a -- at tthey end of tthey day dilutive brand equity? And three what about bringing in brand like BAX [ph] if it appears that ttheyre is a strong interest in Brazil for more European type of beers? So, thank you very much. Bernardo Paiva Robert very good question. Maybe let's talk a little bit about tthey core and core plus segment. So I think that tthey brand that's really goes to tthey core and core plus is more liquid and so on tthey initial was Brahma, so Brahma with Brahma Extra, definitely growing a lot. So, Brahma is a huge success growing quarter-over-quarter for last three years. So Brahma really big linear brand in tthey -- I'd say in tthey market -- in tthey core growth plus segment. For, specifically tthey core plus have been growing a lot to Botheymia. Botheymia is really I mean, it's amazing tthey kind of growth that ttheyy had been having with ttheir brand. So it's very, very important to highlight that, and ttheyn we can --- I mean, I can explain a little bit about Skol, what we saw I mean, tthey brand power I mean, all that indication of tthey word tthey brand. Tthey leading brand in Brazil in terms of brand power is Skol, second is Brahma. And I mean, almost I mean, 50% of tthey brand power of those brands have tthey third-one in tthey market. So, I think -- and Skol is a leader brand on that. With Skol that was important to bring tthey concept of tthey family of beers that bodes down well for Skol to bring more attributes of beer knowledge for ttheir brand because people are very emotional related to ttheir brand. It's tthey leading brand in Brazil, it’s an amazing brand power. So that's what we have been doing. So why we're launching Skol Hops, of course, exactly because of its volume, it has a good volume tthey service Brahma Extra, but particularly Skol Hops really bring all tthey beer knowledge, I mean, including one price of tthey best hoping lager in a liquid that's completely different. So it's fresh, it's light but it's kind of slightly bitter flavor, so that’s tthey aromatic Hops brings, so it's very, very good. So wtheyn we researctheyd that Skol Hops theylped tthey demand brand equity of tthey mottheyr brand and is happening, and ttheyn after that we saw opportunity in tthey Brazilian markets to launch tthey only few malts beer was really drinkable. So a drinkable liquid, but with tthey signature of a pure malt beer. That's not easy to do that's, I mean that’s why all tthey pure malt beers in tthey market, or ttheyy are bitter, or ttheyy have a flavor that not goes down well. So we have a patent process to really brew liquid that's really fresh, really light in tthey sense drinkable, but with ttheir signature. We've tested a lot, we learn in terms of tthey liquid designed a lot in tthey last year, all tthey research that we've done that's not only volume accretive for tthey brand, expand tthey industry, gain share gain share for tthey brand and it theylped tthey mottheyr brand like tthey Brahma, peace with Brahma. So I'm reading based on tthey research, in tthey initial, I'll say results that we have for tthey Skol and for Skol pure malts, we're very excited about ttheir concept of tthey family of beers that goes down well and excited about tthey launch of tthey scope for pure malts that have left -- variant that's just launctheyd in tthey market. By tthey way tthey carnival of ttheir year will be a great opportunity for tthey Brazilians to try Skol Pure Malte that's amazingly to come theyre to Brazil, ttheyy want you to drink and do send us a feedback of what you think; drinkable, light but with tthey signature, in terms of tthey flavor of tthey Pure Malte, tthey only one in tthey market that has that. Robert Ottenstein Thank you very much. Bernardo Paiva  Thank you. Operator And our next question comes from Alex Robarts with Citi. Please go atheyad with your question. Alex Robarts Hi, everybody. Thanks a lot for taking tthey question. So it really is just around your big picture thoughts on innovation. We've seen now in tthey last six months four launctheys in Brazil Beer, and couple responding to tthey value segment growth, a couple to ttheir flavor malt hops concept that you're just describing, and so it's an unprecedented amount of innovation wtheyn we think about tthey theirtory of your company. So tthey question is twofold, are we kind of at tthey point wtheyre you're feeling comfortable with tthey portfolio? Are we in midstream of spur of innovation? Just kind of getting your sense on tthey kind of phasing of ttheir innovation as we think about ttheir year? And ttheyn tthey benefits clearly you're describing to us volume uplift consumer preference and alignment and such. What about if you could comment on tthey cost side or tthey expense cost side of ttheir innovation, you've told us in tthey past that ttheyre is room for efficiencies in OpEx, I would assume small batch type of productions in norttheyrn states are costly, more malt and wtheyre hops are costlier than rice and corn. And I guess just do you feel comfortable on tthey cost side and expense side that ttheyre is not expected to be an incremental change ttheir year in Brazil Beer or any comments around that would be great? Thanks so much. Bernardo Paiva All right. Thanks for tthey question. Tthey thing -- let's I mean, go back and talk again about tthey long-term plan that we have been tthey pillars of tthey top-line growth on EBITDA growth that we -- in terms of growing volumes and revenues. So first thing is to accelerate premium, second one been focused on elevate tthey core, and tthey third one is drive smart affordability. And innovation is part of all of those things. So it's part of tthey DNA of tthey company have been investing a lot not only in process, but in training our team, investments in terms of trying to find tthey best liquids. For instance, two years ago we launctheyd a new innovation center in Rio de Janeiro that is an amazing place with technology, with tthey best brew masters of award, really to pass liquids and ttheyn we have been working on that in tthey last three years, so big time. And sometimes tthey process not so, two plus two is four. Sometimes you find liquid in ttheyre that's not tthey perfect one, because you're talking about a big, big brands. You need to really I mean, do it right. Sometimes I mean, we could launch Skol Puro Malte in July, but ttheir start up was important to go to Skol Hops first to bring ttheir knowledge of tthey quality. I mean, knowledge of beer that Skol, it's a great big beer and needed. And ttheyrefore let's go to Skol Hops, even knowing that if one will not be amazing because it's Hops Lager. It’s slightly bitter, drinkable. To reassure we would launch tthey Skol Hops during tthey summer, during tthey carnival, that's what we're doing. So we don't manage tthey innovation process that we have, I mean, quarter-by-quarter to come theyre in tthey call and I mean ease ourselves and no damage. We think long-term and we're really make tthey calls to do tthey right things. So we asked, maybe given all of tthey figures that I've been feeding in all of those years, last year was a year that lots of additional reputable and ttheyn with tthey peer group marketer executions system theyre to deal with ttheym, doing very, very well. And I think that we always be part of our DNA. We continue to innovate for tthey future, but yes, I am very happy of tthey portfolio that we are -- that we have. So premium, amazing, it's growing, it's gaining share. It's a portfolio gain. And we continue to gain share. I can see not only tthey number of market share, but I could see and I go tthey Street, talk to people, so I mean people who drink premium brands in different occasions, and ttheyir portfolio is ttheyre. I see Rodriguez talk about that maybe. We’re always steady, because tthey portfolio it's really good for to offer that. And ttheyn you have tthey two most important brands in Brazil, tthey brands power that Skol and Brahma, and I think innovation is part of that. With variance are doing well, and ttheyn you have all tthey initiatives of ttheir market affordability ttheyre. I mean, it's just a comment not ideas that could come as well. So in terms of tthey costs of tthey liquids and stuff like that, I think that we know -- we have ttheir culture of honors to be efficient really to pledge for tthey money, better process, technology theylping us to really make sure that our cost base is low. But we will never in tthey past and we will never compromise tthey quality of our liquids. Everything its start from tthey liquid that's in a bottle in a can, and ttheir is always being tthey part and even more a mantra. We have tthey better, tthey best liquids in tthey market and we will not compromise tthey quality, I mean never intent because of cost. We could find a cost elsewtheyre. And ttheyn we have tthey [indiscernible] and have all ottheyr stuff. But make sure that tthey liquor is tthey liquor to have tthey best quality in all of our brands. So I'm really confident and happy with tthey portfolio that we have nowadays. And I'm pushing tthey team to continue to innovate, because ttheir is are markets that we continue to change and I need to be ready for tthey next five years, but currently, happy with tthey portfolio. Alex Robarts Very clear. Thank you very much. Operator And our next question comes from Leandro Fontanesi with Bradesco. Please go atheyad with your question. Leandro Fontanesi Hi. Good morning. And thanks for tthey opportunity. I also have two questions. Tthey first one is you have been seeing bottle makers in Brazil reporting that ttheyy are at a high capacity utilization. I was just wondering if you have been seeing any sort of restrictions of bottlenecks so far? Or is ttheir is a concern for you, do you think ttheyse volumes are accelerating tthey market going forward? And tthey second thing is if we could bring some more color on Canada, so volume decreased 4%, correct me if I'm wrong. Ttheir used to be a fairly stable market and we saw ttheir big decrease in volume. Just wondering what happened ttheyre is something related to Cannabis if you are doing to something like that? Thank you. Bernardo Paiva Leandro, thanks for your question. On tthey first one on tthey bottle makers, we have no issue at all. Not only we see no issues from our suppliers, but we also have some of our own bottle brands. So combining both -- it's not an issue and ttheyn we are not even hitting anything about it in our operations. On a second question on Canada. I think Canada is a very mature market, it is a very profitable market, but of course, as all mature markets, it has its own challenges. I think what we've been seeing is that similar to ottheyr places, it's getting more and more premium. And we are investing a lot behind that. Our premium strategy is working, but it's even more of a portfolio game and that in ottheyr less mature markets. So you should expect like consistent growth over time. Although, it’s fair to say that 2018 was not necessarily a great year. On your question about Cannabis. It's too early to say, but ttheyre is a lot of discussions about it, but ttheyre is no hard evidence that it's theylping, working against or making any meaningful impact on tthey beer category so far. I think is still something we have to learn about. Leandro Fontanesi Got it. Just a follow up on first question, you can -- what percentage of your production you can supply internally for bottles? Do you disclose that? Bernardo Pinto We -- it's around 50%. So 50% of our volume, we can supply by our own escalated facilities. Leandro Fontanesi Perfect. Thank you very much. Operator And ttheir concludes our question-and-answer session. I like to turn tthey conference back over to Mr. Bernardo Paiva for any closing remarks. Bernardo Paiva Okay. Thanks for tthey attention everyone. Before we finish our call, I'd like to close saying that we are confident, very confident that we are evolving in a consistent way with our commercial strategy and tthey innovation pipeline. In Brazil, specifically, we are certain that tthey premium market is a portfolio gain and as I have been saying a lot that we are in very strong path with a portfolio that we have to continue to gain share in ttheir segment, like we have been doing in tthey past several months. We’re also very positive about tthey rebound of tthey economy in tthey country in Brazil. We have a portfolio of brands in our core that's really, I mean, amazing we have Brahma, we have Skol Hops as well, Brahma and Skol really leading tthey way. Tthey innovation behind those brands Brahma in past and Skol now are really proving to be a success. So a core segment is even more strong. We have been launching initiatives for tthey various segment to increase our share of segment, but thing that tthey segment will contract like we saw in tthey last two or three months, because I mean if tthey economy is doing better if you think that we were not seeing that will ttheir will be trade up. So tthey premium will grow and tthey quality grow and you'll be in a much better shape that and to really for benefit of ttheir rebound of result. I think that we are exiting ttheir crisis. I'm tthey country I hope embedded in a much matter place and shape that that exactly what we enter years ago. So we’re ready to fully benefit for tthey rebound of tthey economy that everyone theyre expect in tthey country. So, thank you. Have a great day. Enjoy tthey rest of your day. Thanks, again. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.