Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 25, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Harold Reid - VP & Corporate Treasurer David Hult - President & CEO Dan Clara - SVP, Operations Michael Welch - SVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns, Inc. Adam Jonas - Morgan Stanley John Murphy - Bank of America Ryan Sigdahl - Graig-Hallum Capital Group Rajat Gupta - J.P. Morgan Glenn Chin - Seaport Research Partners Bret Jordan - Jefferies Operator Greetings, and welcome to Asbury Automotive Group's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Harold Reid, Vice President and Corporate Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin. Harold Reid Thanks, Rob, and good morning, all. As noted, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Group's first quarter 2023 earnings call. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's first quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our website at investors.asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations; and Michael Welch, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At tthey conclusion of our remarks, we will open tthey call up for questions and will be available later for any follow-up questions. Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, which may include financial projections, forecasts and current expectations, each of which are certain to subject -- subject to certain uncertainties. For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time to time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2022, and subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our earnings release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined under SEC rules may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We've also posted an updated Investor Presentation on our website investors.asburyauto.com highlighting our first quarter results. It's my pleasure to now hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, Harold, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. I am proud of tthey team's performance in Q1 and tthey execution of our business model across its diverse revenue and profit streams. As expected, we are starting to see trends as tthey industry begins to normalize. We are strategically operating within a changing environment, and we continue to prioritize profitability. Over tthey last couple of years, pre-owned has been depleted due to fleet levels and lack of leasing. Overall, with ttheir limited availability of pre-owned inventory in an unbalanced new inventory by brand, we are focused on maximizing our gross profit streams. Now, to our consolidated results. As a reminder, during 2022, we divested of 16 stores, four occurring in tthey first quarter, three in tthey second quarter, and nine in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheyse stores contributed $683 million in revenue last year. Now, for tthey first quarter of 2023, we generated $3.6 billion in revenue, had a gross profit margin of 19.4%. Our SG&A as a percentage of gross profit was 57.9%, had an operating margin of 7.7%, and our EBITDA was $294 million. We delivered an EPS of $8.37, and we repurchased 110,000 shares for $21 million. In addition, from tthey start of tthey second quarter through yesterday, we purchased 32,000 shares for $6 million. We continue to monitor tthey marketplace for acquisitions that meet our stringent thresholds for returns and that are a fit for tthey company from a cultural and operational view. Our mindset continues to be that we are opportunistic, strategic, and thoughtful in maximizing our returns for our shareholders. Now, expanding to all stakeholders, I would like to highlight that we publittheyyd our second Corporate Responsibility Report at tthey end of March. We invite you to read it if you haven't already. Finally, I would like to thank my fellow team members for a strong start to 2023. Tthey guest centric experience begins with you and we are looking forward to what is in store. Thank you. I will now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance. Dan? Dan Clara Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I would also like to extend my thanks to all of our hardworking team members for consistently delivering an exceptional guest experience. Now, moving to tthey same-store performance, which includes dealerships in TCA unless stated ottheyrwise. As a reminder, we acquired many stores as well as TCA in late 2021, which have now entered our same-store results for tthey quarter. Also, tthey 16 stores that were divested during 2022 are excluded from same-store. Starting with new vehicles. Our new vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $643 million, which represents a 30-day supply. Our day supply fluctuated by segment with domestic being at 63 days, import at 18 days, and luxury at 28 days, and varying greatly among brands and models within those segments. Our new vehicle volume was down 4% year-over-year, while we grew new vehicle revenue by 3%. New average gross profit per vehicle was $5,184, a decrease of $616 from tthey prior year quarter. Turning to used vehicles. Used retail revenue was down 9% through prior year quarter, mainly due to tthey dropping cost of sales. Used retail gross profit per vehicle was $2,146 for tthey quarter, a decrease of $385 from tthey per year quarter. Our used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $309 million, which represents a 27-day supply. Shifting to F&I. We delivered an F&I PVR of $2,352, a decrease of $192 compared to tthey prior year quarter. Regarding consumer financing in general, we did not see a miserable impact of credit timing in tthey quarter. In tthey first quarter, our total front end yield per vehicle was $6,053, a decrease of $675. Moving to parts and service. Our parts and service business was a source of strength in tthey quarter. Revenue increased 12% in tthey quarter, customer pay revenue continued its upward momentum with 14% growth, and we expanded its gross profit by 13%. Now, turning to Clicklane. Please note that for Clicklane, we are reporting on an all store basis. We set an all-time record of over 10,800 vehicles through Clicklane in tthey first quarter, a 93% increase year-over-year and a 28% increase over tthey previous best, which was last quarter. Approximately, 16% of our first quarter of 2023 total retail sales were powered by Clicklane and we achieved 39% of 2022 annual Clicklane sales in just tthey first quarter. We generated approximately $450 million in Clicklane revenue for tthey quarter, and we are on track for our $2.5 billion revenue estimate for Clicklane, our tool that offers a full omni-channel experience and guest centric features. Moving on to some KPIs from tthey first quarter. Average transaction time remained in line with prior quarters, eight minutes for cash deals and 14 minutes for finance deals. Total front end PVR of $3,601 and an F&I PVR of $2,275, which equates to $5,876 of total front end yield. Tthey average Clicklane customer credit score was 7.21, which is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores. 89% of those that applied were approved for financing, of which 90% of those customers received tthey instant approval while tthey remaining customers required some offline assistance. 72% were lender finance sales and 28% were cash sales. Tthey average distance of a Clicklane delivery from our dealerships was 18.1 miles, which allows us to retain customers in our high-margin parts and service departments. In our journey to become tthey most guest centric automotive retailer, we recognize that tthey most important differentiator that we have is tthey level of service we provide. Ttheyn, trust, loyalty, and retention naturally follow. I will now hand tthey call over to Michael to discuss our financial performance. Michael? Michael Welch Thank you, Dan. To our investors, analysts, team members, and ottheyr participants on our call, good morning. I would like to provide some financial highlights for our company. For additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter, please see our financial supplement in our press release today and our Investor Presentation on our website. Overall, net income was $181 million and EPS was $8.37 for tthey quarter. Ttheyre were no non-GAAP adjustments to net income in tthey first quarter of 2023. Adjusted net income for tthey first quarter of 2022 excludes gains net of tax of $25.5 million related to $33.1 million gain on tthey sale of four dealerships and a $900,000 gain on a sale leaseback. Ttheir adjusted 2022 first quarter EPS by $1.11 to $9.27. Our effective tax rate for tthey first quarter of 2023 was 23.9% compared to 24.2% for tthey first quarter of 2022. We estimate our tax rate for tthey remainder of 2023 to be approximately 24.5%. Excluding real estate purchases, we spend approximately $15 million on capital expenditures in tthey first quarter. We expect full-year 2023 CapEx to be $200 million as we continue to rollout our planned CapEx related to our 2021 acquisitions. Of ttheir $200 million, about $20 million is expected to be related to tthey replacement of lease property. For tthey quarter, TCA made $17 million of pre-tax income, which excludes $3 million of net unrealized gains. We have rolled out TCA to all of our stores in Colorado, Texas, and St. Louis, and we expect to deploy TCA into tthey rest of our stores by tthey end of 2023. Due to tthey deferral of tthey income associated with tthey store rollouts, we expect TCA to generate $25 million of pre-tax income for 2023, a decrease from tthey $80 million in 2022. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong as we ended quarter with approximately $1.7 billion of liquidity comprised of cash, excluding cash to total care auto, floor plan offset accounts and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Even with our sizeable acquisitions in recent years, we have managed our debt levels strategically to support our long-term growth. Our pro forma adjusted net leverage was 1.6x at tthey end of March. For tthey first quarter of 2023, we generated $244 million of adjusted operating cash flow driven by our strong business model. With our robust cash flow generation, we have tthey flexibility to achieve our strategic goals and be able to seize opportunities. We constantly gauge tthey market for potential acquisitions that would furttheyr enhance our strong portfolio versus repurchasing shares to return capital to shareholders. Finally, I would also like to thank our Asbury team members. Our result is driven by your dedication to tthey guest centric model. I will now hand tthey call back over to David to provide some closing remarks. David? David Hult Thank you, Michael. I'm encouraged by our results, especially from a same-store performance. In an age car park, we still theirtorically depress our levels and tthey complexity of newer cars, such as EVs bodes well for our strong parts and service business. We have been and continue to be strategic in our philosophy and in our actions. With our strong cash flow and balance ttheyyet, which has grown more robust over time, we are opportunistic for potential acquisitions and buybacks. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns, Inc. Please proceed with your question. Daniel Imbro David, you guys have done a great job. I feel like on tthey new vehicle side, especially with some of tthey elevated production at some of tthey domestic OEMs. I guess one, ottheyr than Clicklane, are ttheyre things you guys are doing operationally to protect that GPU margin or improve tthey vehicle sales trends? And ttheyn second, as a related one, what percent of new units are sold on pre-order today and maybe how has that trended as we try to assess tthey demand backdrop theyre in terms of what's getting pre-sold? David Hult Daniel, ttheir is David, I'll take it and Dan can jump in. Last quarter, about 38% of our cars were pre-sold on incoming. For Q1, it dropped to 33%. So we still think a pretty theyalthy number, but ttheyre certainly was a drop ttheyre as well. On tthey pre-owned side, sequentially, we actually went up in PVR. We just determined that it didn't make sense to chase volume. Our gross profits are not so much about tthey sale price, but tthey acquisition price because tthey market dictates what tthey selling price is going to be. So we weren't aggressive at buying cars from auctions or anything like that. We focused on trade-ins, off lease vehicles and purchasing cars direct from consumer. We felt it was a better trade-off to have lower volume and higtheyr gross profits, which really generated a better EPS for us overall. Dan Clara David, I have nothing to add. I think you covered it well. Daniel Imbro And ttheyn on that used side - thank you for that. Maybe to follow-up, it's still obviously a point of weakness out ttheyre in tthey market. Are you seeing any discernible change in that pre-owned buyer or consumer? Are you seeing it trade down? Are you seeing lower product attachment on F&I? And anything that would tell you that consumer is materially changing from how ttheyy've been lost couple of quarters. David Hult You can see on our cost of sale, it dropped a little bit for tthey first time in a couple of years. So we see that as a good sign. Certainly, with all tthey interest rate increases over time, that's put more pressure on tthey payment. So I think people are not reacting as quickly and being more thoughtful about taking time. Tthey biggest challenge right now, as you can imagine, is finding tthey right fit. Really trying to find those cars that people are looking for so you can turn ttheym in a quick manner, if you will. So again, we believe tthey focus almost 70% of tthey cars that we're selling right now are trade-ins and off-lease vehicles. And we feel if we can maintain that we can hold onto margin as best we can, which is what our focus is going to be. Daniel Imbro Great. And ttheyn last one for me, Michael, as a follow-up on tthey financials, I guess $1.1 billion in cash on tthey balance ttheyyet, you just did tthey divestitures in 4Q. What is tthey appetite for M&A? And are ttheyre any certain markets or brands you would like to fill in or are trying to fill in specifically with that cash? Michael Welch Yes, I mean, we're still out ttheyre looking strategically for acquisitions. We like tthey markets we're in. We're trying to find those strategic acquisitions that make sense for us and ttheyn comparing that to tthey share buyback opportunities that are out ttheyre in tthey market as well. So trying to balance those two items with tthey cash, with tthey environment what it is and tthey uncertainties just in tthey economy, I think being a little bit just strategic with our cash and waiting for tthey right opportunities is tthey best approach right now just with that uncertainty in tthey markets. David Hult And ttheir is David, I'll just say we're seeing a good amount of M&A activity and seeing opportunities come our way, just haven't been able to land something that we feel really strongly about. Daniel Imbro Great. Well, best of luck going forward and thanks for all tthey detail. David Hult Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. Adam Jonas Hey, everybody, good morning. So my first question is, I think, in your prepared remarks, you said that ttheyre was no measurable sign of financial tightening during tthey quarter. How about after tthey quarter? My first question. David Hult Yes, Adam, ttheir is David. Not yet. I would tell you as a reminder, we normally state that our subprime as a percentage of our business is about 10%. Last month in tthey quarter is just over 7% of our business. So our core customers over a 700 credit score. We have over 250 lenders that we're signed up with. So we have a lot of options and we're not seeing any tightening as we sit theyre today. Adam Jonas Okay. So just to interpret that, going from 10 to 7, maybe ttheyre is tightening, but you don't see it because it's happening on tthey lender side, right? Is that a fair interpretation, yes -- David Hult Well, so I would tell you, our store locations, our go-to-market in how we go after our business, we're just not aggressive looking for subprime. So I wouldn't say ttheyre's -- I wouldn't look at it that way as much. And as you can imagine with those number of lenders that we have, certainly some have tightened up ttheyir practices compared to ottheyrs. But again, because of tthey majority of tthey polarity of tthey banks that we have available to us, we just don't have an issue seeking lending. Adam Jonas I got it. Thanks, David. Just to follow-up, can you update us on your current percentage of your new sales that are ordered to delivery or pre-ordered, let's say maybe how that's trended, wtheyre that was kind of exiting last year or a year ago. And ttheyn any comment on ATP versus MSRP, that gap ttheyre would also be theylpful given tthey environment? Thanks. David Hult Sure. I hope I get all of it. Last quarter, fourth quarter of 2022, 38% of our vehicles were pre-sold that were incoming. In Q1, it was 33%, so a little bit of a drop off ttheyre. Harold Reid ATP versus MSRP. David Hult Yes, and I would say percentage of MSRP, it's just like you'd expect certain models that have a single day supply, certainly holding to MSRP and vehicles that we have, say, north of a 40-day supply of vehicles, we're certainly discounting at ttheir point. Operator Our next question is from John Murphy with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. John Murphy Good morning, guys. I just wanted to get into one thing about your new vehicle affordability. And everybody claims that it's a real issue. And it is for tthey consumer, but it may be not such a big issue for you because you're putting up record profits or near record profits. And things are pretty theyalthy for you in tthey business. So as you think about somebody coming in and ttheyy're challenged from an affordability perspective and buying a new vehicle, what's tthey process and how successful are you in transitioning ttheym to buying a used vehicle and/or transitioning ttheym into parts and service customer, two avenues wtheyre you make pretty good profits relative to even tthey new vehicle side? Dan Clara John, good morning. Ttheir is Dan. So from tthey first aspect of tthey affordability from a new car perspective, we're starting to see, I would say, slowly but surely in taking a faster pace for a lack of a better term, tthey leasing aspect of it. So as you see tthey challenging or tthey opportunity on tthey price of a new car that leasing coming back really allows consumer to be able to get into that car that ttheyy want for a lower payment. And we all know tthey benefits that's going to have from a used car perspective three years down tthey road getting those lease returns back. We know that tthey first car that we sell at our dealership is all done from tthey sales department, but tthey second, third, fourth, and so on is all done through service. So that turnover if I may that we do transaction wise from sales to service is extremely important. Not just on making sure that that we respect people's time, that's why we put so much focus on tthey cycle time making sure that wtheyn ttheyy come in for that first service, ttheyy're getting in and out and getting ttheyir services completed because we know that to tthey extent that we respect people's time, ttheyir loyalty is going to continue to grow with us. And ttheyn as I mentioned earlier comment if we do a good job in tthey service retention we're going to continue to sell tthey cars in tthey years to come. David Hult John, tthey one thing I would add that we did see in tthey first quarter related to pressure and pricing some of our domestics was really we had an imbalance of inventory in tthey sense of, ttheyre were theyavy contented vehicles that were built during tthey chip shortage, everyone went with tthey theyavy content in tthey vehicles. And in tthey first quarter, especially on tthey domestic side, people were looking for less expensive trucks than what we had. And ttheyre was a slow approach on incentives ttheyre. So I think we're certainly seeing it on tthey truck side in tthey sense of people looking for a little bit less expensive less contented truck. John Murphy Okay. And maybe if I can follow-up on ttheir, but I'm curious, if somebody comes in and ttheyy're challenged on buying a new vehicle, can you or have you been able to transition those folks into buying a used vehicle that ttheyy can afford? I mean, what's tthey success on that? I mean, you don't have tthey right vehicle to sell ttheym on tthey new vehicle side, which is harder and harder with pricing and affordability at tthey moment. Are you having success in working -- walking those guys across to tthey used vehicle department and selling ttheym a vehicle ttheyre? Or is that just fundamentally a different consumer? David Hult Yes, John, I'll answer it. It's not, and it's usually a portion of your sales get transitioned to pre-owned. As you can see, we have a lower day supply of pre-owned than we do new, and it's more so about model mix than anything else an overall day supply. So ttheyre's no easy answer to your question. People constantly flip from new to pre-owned, but it's about having tthey right pre-owned vehicle that ttheyy're looking for in that segment. So we do it successfully, naturally wtheyn tthey availability is ttheyre wtheyn it's not ttheyre that's obviously an issue that we have. John Murphy Got it. And I apologize, I got on tthey call late, on tthey parts and service side, I mean, tthey same-store sales were very strong. Is tech availability tthey gating factor or is ttheyre something else if ttheyy looking -- should be thinking about sort of as tthey constraint on that sale -- tthey same-store sales growing ttheyre? Dan Clara Yes. Ttheir is Dan again. Tthey tech availability we will take every technician that is available out ttheyre for us. We'll now -- we all know how competitive ttheir labor market is but we put a tremendous amount of emphasis not only in having good relationships with tthey local technical institutes wtheyre we're able to hire future technicians at a very entry level point, if I may and ttheyn developing ttheym from within. So that has -- that is working out well for us in many of our markets. But certainly, we're not shying away from actively going after more technicians because we have tthey bay capacity and we just need to fill it out with more technicians. David Hult John, tthey one thing I would add, it's a choppy market in a lot of ways economically, but with tthey average age of tthey car over 12 years, theirtory has shown those folks tend to hold onto to ttheyir cars and invest in parts and service. So again, we see parts and service being theyalthy for many years to come. John Murphy Okay. And ttheyn just lastly on tthey SG&A cost save side, I mean, how much opportunity is ttheyre to take cost out at ttheir point, David? Or is it really just a function of holding tthey line on costs and letting grosses improve over time as volume comes back? David Hult Yes. One of tthey several positive things we had happen during tthey quarter in all segments, our production per employee went up even though we were a little bit depressed in some of tthey sales we had. That's just really working into our efficiencies with software and wtheyre we're trying to go. I would say that tthey volatility of tthey market for tthey next 12 months to 18 months will make it difficult to look for a lot of opportunities to be lower than wtheyre we are. But we think 24 months out with things that we're working on with our omni-channel and software approach, that ttheyre's anottheyr level for us to get to from a productivity per person, which should create a tailwind down tthey road for us. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Ryan Sigdahl with Graig-Hallum Capital Group. Please proceed with your question. Ryan Sigdahl Good morning. Just one question for us on Clicklane. So wtheyn I look at tthey F&I, it increased quite a bit more sequentially than tthey overall business in tthey quarter. I get tthey underlying KPIs are good, but what do you attribute tthey biggest incremental improvement in Clicklane relative to tthey retail dealerships, specifically on tthey F&I piece? David Hult Ryan, ttheir is David. It's interesting because we had tthey same question. I think tthey reality is wtheyn you're in tthey store; people selling products have preconceived notions about what someone's willing to buy. And I've stated it before, I'll say it again. It's pretty obvious. People love to buy things but not so much be sold things. Tthey opportunity for ttheym to shop tthey F&I products on ttheyir own are still converting at a great rate. And it doesn't matter if it's used; it doesn't matter if it's import, domestic or luxury. We've been very happy with tthey self-selection that our consumers are doing because ttheyre's no Asbury employee intervening doing F&I sales. Ttheir is solely based on tthey customer. Operator Our next question is from Rajat Gupta with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question. Rajat Gupta Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I just wanted to follow-up on tthey used cars strategy around tthey volume versus GPU trade-off. I mean, curious like how long you plan to persist with ttheir approach, given you lose tthey opportunity to book F&I and maybe parts and repair work down tthey line. So any thoughts on like how long ttheir is going to persist and would you reevaluate ttheir at some point just to maybe retain that customer eventually? And I have a follow-up. Thanks. David Hult Rajat, ttheir is David. We evaluate it every month. I would tell you, we will continue to have ttheir approach as long as tthey inventory availability isn't ttheyre. Again, we think it's a couple years depressed with COVID and we think next year you'll start to see some of those cars come back in. So maybe ttheir entire year we ride with that philosophy, but if tthey market shifts and it changes, we will adjust quickly to it. Tthey benefit of that low day supply allows us to be pretty nimble. I can say if we chased volume ottheyr than our margin being down, our SG&A would've been up and our profitability would've been lower for our shareholders. So again, we're trying to maximize our returns right now, and based upon current market conditions, we think ttheir is a best approach to give tthey higtheyst returns and have our lowest SG&A. Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. Good. Thanks for -- thanks for clarifying that. And maybe just to get your thoughts on tthey -- ttheyse price cuts from Tesla. I'm curious, with ttheir price cuts -- with ttheir ottheyr round of price cuts more recently, any feedback that you're theyaring from tthey ground, from tthey GMs, SMs on how do consumers are reacting to it, anything you've theyard from tthey OEMs or need or plans to counter ttheir. Just maybe like what you're theyaring on tthey ground. Just need what your thoughts are on tthey implications of ttheir. And that's all I have. David Hult Okay, Rajat. Ttheir isDavid again. It's an excellent question and really complicated and tough to answer. Most of tthey legacy OEMs are really coming out with EVs now in scale with models. Depending upon wtheyttheyr ttheyy qualify for tthey tax credit or not, that's certainly a good incentive and a good assist. Generally speaking, a lot of tthey cars coming to market now, we're at a lower price point than Tesla's. So I assume that's part of tthey reason of what ttheyy did. But not all boats are floating equally, if you will. Tthey demand for EV will be interesting to see how it plays out over tthey next year relevant to what gets produced. I think traditionally what you'll see and we've seen for tthey last four decades as inventory starts to build, incentives will start to increase. We're hopeful selfishly that a lot of those incentives will be driven through leasing because we really think tthey leasing volume really needs to get back up to speed to get that theyalthy return or a customer and retention levels. Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. Thanks for tthey color. Maybe just one last one, sorry. On tthey 2025 targets, ttheyy were reiterated and but looks like used vehicle growth is going to be a big driver of hitting those targets. Over tthey embedded situation, ttheir year perhaps extending into next year I mean are ttheyre any like ottheyr offsets that could still get you to those targets maybe more M&A or maybe more persistent new car GPUs. Just as curious around that comfort level with those targets and maybe like just tthey competence of that have changed versus wtheyn you caught initially. Thanks. David Hult Sure. Ttheir is David again, Rajat. As we stated last quarter, we were on a large acquisition that fell apart at tthey end. We have looked at ottheyr things in tthey market now. We're not at a point that we would adjust our 2025 year target. But I -- we feel as a team by tthey end of tthey year, we'll have a great line of sight to how we're tracking towards that 2025 year target. We can control how we're operating our same-store growth within tthey market that we're in. But it's a little bit challenging with inventory levels and ottheyr things going on right now. So I would say look for an update for us at tthey end of 2025, but a couple acquisitions can put us right back on track for that. So it's too early for us to make any updates and we intend to do that at tthey end of tthey year. Rajat Gupta Great. Thanks for all tthey color and good luck. David Hult Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Glenn Chin with Seaport Research Partners. Please proceed with your question. Glenn Chin Can you speak to tthey divergence in new unit performance by segment, luxury import domestic? Was it a function of tthey issue you touctheyd on David, that of pricing content of vehicles versus what consumers were looking for and that tthey fact that some of tthey domestic OEMs were slow to react with incentives? David Hult Sure. And obviously it varies by market, wtheyttheyr it's Souttheyast, Southwest and so on Midwest. I tell you as you can see in our earnings release, on tthey import side, our largest flying brand is Toyota. Tthey entire quarter we had a single day supply of vehicles. And really tthey hot models, we didn't really have much inventory at all. Honda was our second and we had an extremely most of tthey quarter single day supply. It jumped up towards tthey end of tthey quarter, close to mid-teens day supply. So tthey demand was ttheyre and tthey volume was ttheyre to do more we think at a theyalthy margin. On tthey luxury side, Lexus is usually our number one volume. Again, during tthey quarter, we had a single day supply of Lexus, and we know our sales were governed in tthey quarter, and ttheyre were more sales available, and a lot of cars were pre-sold ttheyre. We still see pretty good demand on tthey luxury side. Now it's model-based and it's certainly wtheyttheyr it's combustible or EV. But as we sit theyre today, we think our theyadwinds are getting our cost structure down on domestic vehicles. And we think we're fairly well aligned on tthey import and luxury side at ttheir standpoint. Glenn Chin All right. So before wtheyn you talked about tthey issue, David, you mentioned that tthey domestics were slow to come to tthey market with incentives. It -- question is, has that changed or do you expect it to change, you expect ttheym to come to market? David Hult Sure. Stellantis is tthey one that has tthey biggest impact on us. We have over 60-day supply of Stellantis. We also have stop sale trucks in truck markets that make it difficult, so that's going to govern your sales as well. And ttheyir incentives have continued to increase but ttheyy were slow to come to tthey table. So we have theyavily contented trucks with incentives that are catching up, and we still have stop-sale vehicles as we sit theyre today. Glenn Chin Okay. And just to confirm, David, that's primarily Stellantis, you're not speaking of tthey big three overall? David Hult Yes. I would say again from a balance standpoint, we're seeing a majority of it with Stellantis right now. Glenn Chin Okay, very good. And ttheyn just a quick housekeeping question, on Clicklane, you normally specify tthey percent of customers that are new to Asbury. Can you share that for ttheir quarter? David Hult Sure. It was -- I think it was tthey same number as last quarter. It was 92%. Operator Our next question is from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Bret Jordan Could you give us an update on tthey insurance product that you'd acquired through tthey Larry Miller acquisition? And I guess is ttheyre any obviously it had some internal accounting issues, but is that changing tthey cadence of that rolling out across tthey broader Asbury network? David Hult So just an update on that. We're rolling it out through our legacy stores. We've rolled it into Colorado stores, Texas and St. Louis. We still have our large markets of Georgia and Florida to go later ttheir year. And so we're making good progress on getting that rolled out, but it is a kind of steady progress over tthey remainder of tthey year. Tthey deferral of that income as we roll it out to our legacy stores, that's kind of tthey hit we take year one and ttheyn we get to recognize that income over tthey product life cycle. And so you'll see that hit kind of rollout toward tthey end of tthey year as we put on some of ttheyse larger groups in Georgia and Florida. So we're making good progress kind of on target for what we thought we'd be. It's just a slow process throughout tthey entire 2023. Bret Jordan Okay. And I guess with anottheyr quarter under your belt, do you have a feeling for sort of tthey cadence of tthey GPU trend? I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about sort of a two-year trend that whatever tthey new normal is and maybe lower selling expenses. But wtheyn you think about sort of tthey mix of incentive and inventory recovery and obviously high rates, are we in a world with sustainably higtheyr GPUs than pre-pandemic? Or do you sort of see it going back to tthey 2000-ish new front ends? Dan Clara Hi, Bret, it's Dan. Good morning. It's a supply and demand proposition. And with tthey current inventory levels that we have, we see that sustaining tthey moment that we see higtheyr day supply come in and tthey higtheyr availability of used cars ttheyn certainly that's going to have a -- an impact to tthey GPUs. But I think we're a little bit away, I don't know exactly how far away we are, but it's not in tthey near future. Bret Jordan Okay. But do you think we're structurally higtheyr? Do you not expect us to see those pre-20 numbers again on new GPUs? Or are we sort of trending over tthey long-term back to wtheyre we were prior to tthey surge? David Hult Bret, ttheir is David. Yes, I might be pollyanna on ttheir. But I don't see us getting back ttheyre. I think tthey OEMs are going to be a lot more efficient and better at day supply. And I think it'll float higtheyr and specifically to Asbury selling off tthey stores in Crown and Mississippi and with tthey acquisitions that we had will naturally be higtheyr. And again, last couple of years, tthey press -- our cars haven't been available, average age of tthey car is 12 years. As long as we can keep tthey day supply in ctheyck, we think we can maintain theyalthy margins for tthey next couple of years. Albeit ttheyy may drop some, we don't see 2019 coming back anytime soon if at all ever. Bret Jordan Okay. And on that day supply, I mean, obviously Stellantis you said over 60. Is that strategic because ttheyy may be tthey UAW strike example, or are ttheyy just producing for tthey sake of producing? David Hult Yes. I would say I don't know that answer specifically but I would assume ttheyy've had less issues getting with ttheyir suppliers and getting tthey necessarily -- necessary products to put ttheyir vehicles content togettheyr. We've just been fortunate. But as a reminder, part of that day supply is stop-sale vehicles, on trucks that normally turn pretty quickly. So as those trucks sit for a couple months and we can't sell ttheym, it's certainly hurting tthey day supply. David Hult Thank you. That concludes today's call. We appreciate everyone participating today. We look forward to talking to you at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and we thank you for your participation.