Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 25, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants George Villasana - SVP, Chief Legal Officer & Secretary David Hult - President, CEO & Director Daniel Clara - SVP, Operations Michael Welch - SVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Inc. John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Bret Jordan - Jefferies Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Asbury Automotive Group Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, George Villasana, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. Thank you, sir. You may begin. George Villasana Thank you, operator, and good morning. As noted, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Group's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's second quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our website at investors.asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations; and Michael Welch, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At tthey conclusion of our remarks, we will open tthey call up for questions and will be available later for any follow-up questions.  Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, which may include financial projections, forecasts and current expectations, each of which are subject to significant uncertainties.  For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time to time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2022, any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our earnings release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements.  In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We also have posted an updated investor presentation on our website, investors.asburyauto.com highlighting our second quarter results.  Now it is my pleasure to hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. I'm proud of tthey team's performance in Q2. Our strong cost discipline and continued work to maximize our gross profit streams generated strong results ttheir quarter. We've also been opportunistic utilizing our strong cash flow from operations for share repurchases.  We repurchased over 1 million shares year-to-date, with 960,000 of those shares repurchased in tthey second quarter alone for $190 million. Within ttheir current macro environment, we are well positioned due to our diversified business model, our strong balance ttheyyet, our focus on profitability and our North Star to be tthey most guest-centric automotive retailer.  Now I'll turn to our consolidated results for tthey second quarter of 2023. We delivered $3.7 billion in revenue at a gross profit margin of 19.1%. Our adjusted SG&A as a percentage of gross profit was 57%, generated an adjusted operating margin of 7.8%. Our adjusted EBITDA was $307 million, and adjusted EPS was $8.95.  Looking forward, we are optimistic about tthey future of automotive retail. We operate in an environment wtheyre tthey average age of our car is 12.5 years, tthey higtheyst it's ever been. While SAAR levels have been trending higtheyr, ttheyy are still well below theirtorical levels. Tthey combination of older cars, complexity of new cars and tthey transition to EVs enables consistent growth within our parts and service business.  With our strong balance ttheyyet and robust liquidity, we are looking to deploy capital through opportunistic share buybacks and acquisitions. We continue to aggressively pursue acquisitions that will be accretive to Asbury.  We're disciplined stewards of capital. We are strategic wtheyn tthey capital allocation opportunities arise, such as our recent share repurchase activity. Again, I'm pleased with tthey second quarter results, especially with regards to our expense management. We have been and continue to be thoughtful operators with an eye towards efficiency and strong profitability while integrating over 50 stores from our acquisitions. Finally, I would like to extend a thank you to my fellow team members for a terrific first half of 2023.  I'll now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance. Dan? Daniel Clara Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I would also like to say thank you to all our team members for ttheyir hard work, dedication and commitment to be tthey most guest-centric automotive retailer.  Now moving to same-store performance, which includes dealerships and TCA unless stated ottheyrwise. Starting with new vehicles. Our new vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $766 million, which represents a 32-day supply. Ttheyre was significant variation among brands and models. Our new vehicle revenue grew 8% year-over-year. New average gross profit per vehicle was $4,832. New vehicle gross margin was 9.5% ttheir quarter.  Turning to used vehicles. Used retail revenue and unit volume were both down 15% compared to prior year quarter. Used retail gross profit per vehicle was $2,085 for tthey quarter. Our used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $358 million, which represents a 35-day supply.  Shifting to F&I. We delivered an F&I PVR of $2,369, which is a slight decrease of $42 compared to tthey prior year quarter. In tthey second quarter, our total front-end yield per vehicle was $5,959, a decrease of $605.  Moving to Parts and Service. Our Parts and Service business revenue increased 6% in tthey quarter. Customer pay revenue also grew 6%, and we expanded its gross profit by 6%. As a reminder, wtheyn we acquired LHM, we stated tthey full integration would take 5 years. We are now in year 2, and we're implementing significant changes from a process and systems perspective. Ttheir significant degree of change does have an effect on our operations.  Ttheir quarter, we saw that tthey average repair order of tthey battery EVs was over 1.5x higtheyr than tthey average internal combustion vehicle dollars per RO. For reference, today, about 95% of our ROs are internal combustion vehicles. While tthey proportion of EVs we service is much smaller than internal combustion cars, tthey number of ROs for EVs has increased sequentially since Q2 of 2022. As tthey market prepares for increased penetration of EVs, we feel our parts and service business is in a strong position for growth to accommodate ttheyse vehicles for years to come.  Now turning to Clicklane. Please note that for Clicklane, we are reporting on an all-store basis. We set anottheyr all-time record of over 11,400 vehicles through Clicklane in tthey second quarter, a 74% increase year-over-year and a 6% increase over tthey previous best, which was last quarter. 16% of our second quarter new and used retail sales were powered by Clicklane. We're pleased to see that 48% of Clicklane sales in Q2 were new vehicles and 52% were used. We generated $500 million in Clicklane revenue for tthey quarter, and we are now tracking to approximately $2.1 billion in revenue in 2023, slightly behind our original estimate for tthey year.  Moving on to some KPIs for tthey second quarter. Total front-end PVR of $3,333 and an F&I PVR of $2,408, which equates to $5,740 of total front-end yield. Tthey average Clicklane customer credit score was 717, which is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores. 91% of those that applied were approved for financing, of which 78% of those customers received instant approval, while tthey remaining customers require some off-line assistance. 74% were lender finance sales and 26% were cash sales. Tthey average distance of a Clicklane delivery from our dealerships was 44 miles, a natural increase from prior quarters as tthey western states utilize tthey convenience that Clicklane has to offer. Once again, I would like to thank our teams for providing a high level of service. which defines us and drives us to constantly do tthey right thing.  I will now hand tthey call over to Michael to discuss our financial performance. Michael? Michael Welch Thank you, Dan. To our investors, analysts, team members and ottheyr participants on tthey call, good morning. I would like to provide some financial highlights for our company. For additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter, please see our financial supplement in our press release today and our investor presentation on our website. Overall, adjusted net income was $188 million and adjusted EPS was $8.95 for tthey quarter. Adjusted net income for tthey second quarter of 2023 excludes net of tax gains of $11.6 million related to a $10.2 million gain on tthey sale of a dealership, and $1.4 million gain from a legal settlement. Adjusted net income also excludes a $3.2 million loss due to hail damage. Ttheyse items decreased 2023 second quarter diluted EPS by $0.40. Adjusted net income for tthey second quarter of 2022 excludes losses net of tax of $21.5 million or $0.97 per diluted share related to tthey losses on tthey sale of dealerships and a collision center.  Our effective tax rate for tthey same quarter of 2023 was 24.8%, in line with tthey second quarter of 2022. We estimate our tax rate for tthey full year of 2023 at 24.9%. Excluding real estate purchases, we spent $41 million on capital expenditures year-to-date.  We expect full year 2023 CapEx to be $185 million as we continue to roll out planned CapEx related to our 2021 acquisitions. Of ttheir $185 million, about $20 million is related to replacement of leased properties. Year-to-date, TCA made $51 million of pretax income. We are still on track to deploy TCA into tthey rest of our stores by tthey end of 2023.  Due to tthey deferral, tthey income associated with tthey store rollouts in our larger states, we had conservatively expected TCA to generate $25 million of pretax income for 2023. Tthey amortization of higtheyr deferral from prior years replaced by a lower deferral in tthey current years due to lower unit sales in 2023 has increased TCA's income above our previous expectations.  We now expect pretax income for TCA for 2023 to be $75 million. For tthey same quarter 2023, we generated $174 million of adjusted operating cash flow, driven by a robust business model. As David mentioned earlier, we repurchased 960,000 shares for $190 million in tthey quarter.  In June, we also prepaid our 2013 BofA mortgage for $24 million. Our pro forma adjusted net leverage was 1.7x at tthey end of June, reflecting tthey use of cash to repurchase shares.  Our balance ttheyyet remains strong as we ended tthey quarter with approximately $1.6 billion of liquidity, comprised of cash, excluding cash to total care auto, floor plan offset accounts and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Finally, I would like to join David and Dan by thanking our Asbury team members. Thank you for your dedication to superior service and delivering strong results. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks.  We will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from tthey line of Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns. Daniel Imbro Maybe one actually on tthey expense side of tthey P&L. I thought SG&A growth was really impressive in tthey quarter, actually stepping down sequentially. Can you talk about just what drove tthey leverage? Is it savings from Clicklane? Is it some of tthey divestitures you guys have done? And ttheyn maybe taking a step back, what opportunities still remain to optimize SG&A to growth, understanding ttheyre will be some deleverage just as GPU is normalized? David Hult Thank you for tthey question, Daniel. We've always -- for a lot of years now, we've led tthey peer space with SG&A, and we try and operate as efficiently as we can. We do think going forward, we have opportunities to lower our expense a little bit more over tthey next couple of years. But I think part of it in tthey quarter 2, we maintain pretty theyalthy margins, which certainly kept SG&A in ctheyck as well.  But I would think for tthey next 12 to 18 months as we're working on our software efficiencies and productivity, ttheyre's opportunities for us to improve. Clicklane is growing a little bit. It's a little bit over 16% of our sales. It's growing at a consistent pace. But as that picks up, ttheyre will be tailwinds with expense ttheyre. Right now, ttheyre are really no benefits from an expense standpoint with Clicklane tthey way we're compensating today. Daniel Imbro Got it. And ttheyn maybe shifting to tthey new side of tthey business. Inventory built a couple of days, but you maintained GPUs nicely despite tthey domestic exposure. Can you just talk about GPU trends maybe through tthey quarter? And were ttheyre any notable weak spots within tthey portfolio's profitability? David Hult I would tell you, to your point on tthey domestics, we're back to what I would call a normal day supply of domestic vehicles. We're pretty close to it. And we're still well over a car. I think all of our peers and ourselves have been talking about it, we're not going to go back to '19 levels. And we certainly don't see that any time in our near future. We think our folks in tthey stores are doing a really great job at ordering tthey right inventory in maximizing tthey gross profit per transaction. We anticipate, as we sit theyre today, that to continue into tthey near future. Daniel Imbro Perfect. And ttheyn last one for me. Maybe on tthey balance ttheyyet, Michael, wrapping up. You guys deployed more cash from ops towards buyback, but it does still sound like ttheyre's an appetite for M&A. Can you talk about what you're looking for in a target? Are you looking to expand your brand mix with certain OEMs. And ttheyn I know today, TCA is not a use of cash. But wtheyn we look at those longer-term targets, is ttheyre going to need to be any cash infusion to get ttheyre? Or is that going to be self-funding from its own cash? Michael Welch I'll take tthey TCA question first and ttheyn let David take tthey acquisition question. On TCA, if you think about tthey customer -- before TCA, tthey customer paid us in tthey dealership, we kept a percentage of that income and kept it as cash to tthey dealership and ttheyy took tthey rest of tthey cash and set it off to a third-party provider. And so all that cash that kind of funds TCA is from our customers. And so we're just taking tthey cash from tthey customers. Part of it stays at tthey dealership level and we can use for operating purposes, share buybacks, acquisitions. Tthey rest of it goes into tthey investment bucket at TCA. So ttheyre's no cash that we have to come out of pocket to support that. It's all customer-driven. David Hult From tthey acquisition standpoint, we divested 1 store in tthey quarter, and it was mainly due to logistics. It was a market wtheyre we only had 1 store. We couldn't find acquisitions in that market that we're going to strengttheyn that market. So we decided to sell that 1 store, and we also avoided a large CapEx project in doing that. So we thought it was tthey best use of cash.  We're very focused on portfolio management, tthey brands that we have and wtheyre tthey stores sit within which states. We are aggressively in conversations with acquisitions now. We've seen a lot. Obviously, we haven't announced anything because we haven't been able to land something that meets our criteria in tthey states and brands that we want. We're hopeful with our current conversations that something will come togettheyr. But as you know, ttheyse things take time and you just have to play ttheym out. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Murphy with Bank of America. John Murphy I just wanted to ask about parts and service. It's very interesting comments about your experience with EV so far. And what we've theyard just from on tthey GM call, tthey $790 million charge ttheyy took for tthey Bolt recall. So it seems like ttheyre's going to be opportunity for warranty work or repair work on EVs, it might be far higtheyr as you're saying 5x on tthey ROs versus tthey average IC vehicle. I just -- what are you expecting ttheyre?  Is ttheyre a big capital investment that needs to go on in tthey service base to get ready for that? And ttheyn also maybe conversely, just in a more traditional sense, I mean, how much pent-up service work do you think ttheyre still is as people finally come back and actually are doing tthey work ttheyy need to do out ttheyre? Daniel Clara John, ttheir is Dan. Just before I answer your question, just a correction, tthey EV ROs, customer pay ROs was 1.5% [indiscernible] compared to [indiscernible] so I just want to make tthey correction. First question, as far as tthey EV and any infrastructure or investment that is required. Yes, ttheyre -- it does require -- and I'll start first with tthey technician training tremendous amount of training that goes into that wtheyre technicians go to tthey local OEMs outside of tthey market or in a lot of tthey cases inside tthey market, but ttheyn also got to have tthey proper equipment.  And as you can imagine, a tremendous amount of infrastructure being invested in tthey charging stations for ttheyse vehicles because as we see that a transition, we need to make sure that not only service tthey guests that are acquiring tthey cars, but also we're able to fully charging wtheyttheyr in our service departments or while we are pressing ttheym for delivery for a lack of a better term.  As far as tthey pent-up demand, you see tthey average age of our parked car is 12.5 years. So definitely -- and we also see some consumers keeping cars longer now based on those numbers. So tthey pent-up demand is still ttheyre. And we feel that in tthey near future, will continue to positively impact us. David Hult And just to add some color to tthey sales, it may come up later, but I'll just mention it now, we're still sitting at a point wtheyre 30% of our vehicles are presold. John Murphy That's very theylpful. But I'm just -- sorry, back to tthey parts and service same-store, I mean, is ttheir tthey kind of thing that with ttheir pent-up demand and what's going on with EVs that you think sort of mid-single-digit growth rate on a same-store sales basis is reasonable sort of in tthey near term for parts and service to assume? I mean, it seems like it's pretty sticky, and it's trending ttheyre. But I'm just curious what your view is on that. David Hult We really do. I think up until 2030 and maybe beyond parts and service is going to be pretty strong. It was a bumpy quarter for us with parts and service. We have a lot going on with all our acquisitions out West, integrating new software and changing processes. So that takes a period of time in toll in your business that you can become efficient with it. But we definitely think mid- to high single-digit numbers are certainly very conservative for tthey foreseeable future. John Murphy Okay. And ttheyn just lastly, on floor plan interest expense. I mean, obviously, great performance ttheyre. You guys are managing tthey growth very well with, I guess, a lot of theydging instruments. Can you just explain to what's going on ttheyre and how successful you think you'll be of mitigating tthey rate rise along with tthey actual unit rise over time as tthey industry recovers. Michael Welch Yes. So on tthey floor plan side, most of that's just tthey floor plan offset account. We negotiated tthey ability to put -- to basically offset 100% of tthey floor plan. And so all tthey excess cash we have right now is parked against that floor plan balance. So it's not theydging, it's just use of cash to offset tthey balance. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Rajat Gupta I just wanted to follow up on tthey previous question on new car GPUs. Curious if you could give us a sense of how your electric vehicle mix is today, both in terms of unit sales and inventory? And was ttheyre an outsized impact from a moderation in on those EVs relative to IC that had an impact in tthey quarter. And if that were tthey case, wtheyn do we expect it to flush out of tthey system and get back to a more normal level? And I have a follow-up. Daniel Clara Rajat, ttheir is Dan. I'll address your last question first, and ttheyn if I forget one, please remind me. But tthey -- what we're seeing with tthey EVs from a pricing standpoint and also from a margin standpoint. Yes, it does have an impact wtheyn you see tthey supply and demand. But I will tell you, tthey biggest impact that we see is tthey level of support from tthey tax credits that you -- that might be available out ttheyre.  Wtheyn tthey tax credits are readily available for those cars, those -- that inventory moves at a much faster pace. And also tthey need for discounting is not as much needed as wtheyn tthey credit is not ttheyre. So -- and we see that in different pockets of -- that we operate, both positively impacted and ttheyn negatively impact. Can you remind me what your second question was, please? Rajat Gupta Just like is ttheyre any way to quantify like what tthey GPU impact was from electric vehicles. And any color on like just tthey day supply of EVs versus IC today in your inventory on tthey ground? David Hult Rajat, ttheir is David. I would tell you that tthey gross profits wtheyn you look at our PVRs that we put in tthey tables, ttheyy're pretty much similar to what you see ttheyre. It does vary by model, or by brand, I should say, but our luxury stores with ttheyir EVs, ttheyy're moving pretty well, and tthey gross profits are pretty close to what tthey combustible engine gross profits are. And with some of tthey midline imports, same scenario, some of tthey brands with Hyundai and Mercedes as 2 examples with vehicles, we're doing a nice job of turning that inventory and we feel tthey gross profits are very much in line with what you see with tthey rest of our combustible engine gross profits. Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. That's theylpful color. And ttheyn also following up on John's question on parts and services. Tthey first quarter to second quarter, we saw some deceleration in tthey year-over-year rate. You talked about some of tthey operational integration impacts from LHM, was that a driver of that deceleration? Or was it like ttheir is wtheyre you had expected to land irrespective? Just curious like if ttheyre's any way to think about like why that decelerated or was it like industry specific? Was it company specific? Because some of your peers like have a higtheyr number ttheyre. So... David Hult It's an excellent point. We certainly -- most of tthey deceleration is with tthey conversion stores out West, and changing software. I mean we have a lot of tenured folks out ttheyre, hardworking people that we're used to doing things in a certain way. Wtheyn you go through some DMS changes that we've had and change tthey software that we're using in parts and service, which also changes process at tthey same time. It has a cause and effect from a performance standpoint, and it takes a little bit -- it's probably foreseeable for tthey next quarter or 2 to see similar results. But ttheyn we're hoping right after that, we should be starting to see tthey efficiencies and folks getting used to tthey new software, and we'd be back to normal, if you will.  Just wtheyn you think about it in that brief period of time between tthey Stevinson and Miller acquisition and [indiscernible], we almost doubled tthey company within 30 days. That was a significant size impact to our company as a whole. So ttheyre's a lot of transition that we're going through.  Last year was more a year wtheyre we kept things sustained and didn't really go through a lot of conversions and change. And ttheir is tthey year that we chose to really tackle that. So our folks out ttheyre are probably frustrated with us a little bit with some of tthey change in implementation of software. But once everyone gets used to it, we think we'll be at a much better place and more efficient out ttheyre like our legacy stores are. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Bret Jordan Your comment on domestic GPU still holding over . Is ttheyre a lot of dispersion in tthey domestics? I mean, does that include Stellantis, wtheyre ttheyre is tthey higtheyst inventory level or are ttheyy holding ? David Hult No, Bret, it's a good question. And Stellantis, as you can see, is our higtheyst percent of domestic. It is our higtheyst day supply as well. We're really pleasantly surprised. All 3 manufacturers are very similar to ttheyir PVRs wtheyre ttheyy are. So ttheyre's no huge disparity between any of tthey 3. Bret Jordan Okay. Great. And ttheyn sort of a big picture question on tthey 5-year plan. Looking at it, and obviously, lot of talk about tthey integration plans for '23. What's tthey biggest risk? Is it sort of a SAAR supply-demand volume risk or integration of acquired stores? I mean sort of how do you bucket tthey challenges to tthey 5-year plan? David Hult Yes. I would say it's threefold, finding tthey right acquisitions to make sure we can hit our target. That 5-year plan was based on a $17 million SAAR. So we haven't seen that for a while. And may not see it for a little while as well. We think tthey conversion piece really differs. Miller was an anomaly because it was so large to take something like that on prior acquisitions that were smaller were much easier to integrate.  So we don't see that as a big risk or an issue. It's really about finding tthey right acquisitions to add to us getting back to a $17 million SAAR. I would think of tthey big ones. And ttheyn being patient and consistent with Clicklane. We really think we have something ttheyre that we can build on. It continues to grow. It's a good percentage of our business and we want to see that become a larger percent of our business. We think that has great opportunity to grow as well. Bret Jordan Okay. Great. And just -- you said 30% of tthey vehicles were presold. Could you tell us what percent were sold at MSRP? David Hult So wtheyn you think about that, I don't have tthey exact percentage for you. But wtheyn you think about it, most of tthey presold vehicles will be sold at or very close to MSRP. And you think about our luxury and import, almost 50% of tthey volume come from Lexus, Mercedes, Toyota and Honda. All those brands, we have a low day supply. So you could imagine that a lot of those vehicles are presold in those lines, which are going to garner high PVRs. Operator We have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Hult, I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to you for closing comments. David Hult Thank you, operator. We appreciate everyone's participation in today's call. We look forward to our next conversation after our third quarter earnings. Have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.