Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q3 2023 Earnings Conference Call October 24, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants George Villasana - SVP, Chief Legal Officer & Secretary David Hult - President, CEO & Director Daniel Clara - SVP, Operations Michael Welch - SVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns Inc. John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ryan Sigdahl - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Bret Jordan - Jefferies Operator Greetings, and welcome to Asbury Automotive Group Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn ttheir call over to your host, George Villasana, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. Thank you. You may begin. George Villasana Thank you, operator, and good morning. As noted, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Group's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's third quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our website at investors.asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations; and Michael Welch, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At tthey conclusion of our remarks, we will open tthey call up for questions, and we will be available for any follow-up questions later. Before we begin, we remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, which may include financial projections, forecasts and current expectations, each of which are subject to significant uncertainties. For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements, please see our filings with tthey SEC, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2022 and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our earnings press release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures, as defined under SEC rules, may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We also have posted an updated investor presentation on our website at investors.asburyauto.com highlighting our third quarter results. Now it is my pleasure to hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David Hult Thank you, George. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. First, I'd like to commend tthey resiliency and strong efforts of our team members as ttheyy work diligently to deliver tthey most guest-centric experience in automotive retail. Ttheyy have executed efficiently to maintain cost control as our business has scaled. I'll remind everyone in tthey span of two years, we doubled tthey size of our company. Tthey team has worked very hard to set up infrastructure to integrate processes, increase productivity and drive performance. Now on to our consolidated results for tthey third quarter. We delivered $3.7 billion in revenue, had an adjusted SG&A as a percentage of gross profit of 58.4%, had a gross profit margin of 18.4%. We generated an adjusted operating margin of 7.2%. Our adjusted EBITDA was $280 million, and our adjusted EPS was $8.12. I'll touch on some areas wtheyre we did well and ottheyr areas wtheyre we know we have work to do. As expected, ttheir quarter, we saw some theyadwinds beginning with brand and model mix in new vehicles. While days supply remains at a theyalthy level, we are seeing some cases wtheyre high demand models are selling well, though difficult to replenish, while ottheyrs remain at elevated days supply. On tthey used side, we continue to see a challenging market for sourcing those vehicles. We are seeing a continuation of PVRs as a whole trending to a more sustainable level. Our Parts and Service business showed year-over-year growth. Yet ttheir is an area that was disproportionately impacted by tthey integration activities we mentioned last quarter. Demand remains strong, and we are confident in tthey longer-term trend of our Parts and Service business. Turning to F&I. I'll highlight two areas in tthey quarter. We are seeing slightly lower penetration rates in our F&I products as customers look for ways to manage lower monthly payments in a rising rate environment. Second, tthey way in which we account for TCA will result in a negative drag on results over tthey next two years as tthey products roll out across tthey legacy Asbury stores. Tthey impact is driven by tthey way in which sales from tthey products are recorded over time rattheyr than upfront like a third-party provider. Michael will cover in more detail in their section. Finally, our SG&A levels in tthey quarter demonstrated our commitment to manage our cost structure to tthey performance of tthey business. I'm encouraged by tthey progress and direction of our operations and strategic initiatives. We are enthusiastic about tthey pending acquisition of tthey Jim Koons Automotive Group, a well-respected group with a ptheynomenal set of team members and leaders. Tthey group generates over $3 billion in annual revenue and averages over $140 million in revenue per rooftop. Amidst tthey evolving backdrop of our space, I am optimistic about automotive retail and our diversified business model. We have strategically purchased quality assets making us a stronger company, part of our long-term plan to deploy capital to its best and higtheyst use. We have entered into growing strategic markets that we haven't operated in before, and we continue to integrate and grow tthey business. We operate in an environment wtheyre tthey average age of tthey car is 12.5 years. And while SAAR levels have been trending higtheyr, it is important to note we are still below theirtorical levels. Our Parts and Service business will remain a critical element of our success well into tthey future; repairing older vehicles, addressing tthey complexity of newer cars and supporting numerous EV models rolling out over tthey next few years. Overall, we are focused on achieving our long-term strategic goals. We plan to fund tthey pending act of tthey Koons acquisition with existing liquidity and capacity. Our strong balance ttheyyet and reliable cash flow has enabled us to undertake ttheir deal without tthey need to raise additional debt or issue equity. We are well aware that interest rates have moved up, and we have adjusted our return assumptions accordingly. We will remain strategic with our capital allocation decisioning with a focus on paying down debt in 2024. As we are winding down on year three of our 5-year plan, I am proud of tthey progress we have made in transforming tthey size and scale of our business. In just a few short years, we have grown revenue from $7 billion to $15 billion or $18 billion pending tthey Koons acquisition; increased adjusted EPS from nearly $13 to over $34 per share; generated over $400 million in adjusted operating cash flow to now just over $700 million before tthey pending Koons acquisition; increased adjusted EBITDA from $400 million to an annualized run rate of $1.2 billion. We acquired an insurance company, Total Care Auto, and introduced Clicklane, tools which fundamentally changed tthey buying experience. Our 2025 growth objectives will be updated after our year-end results and tthey planned closing of tthey Koons acquisition to provide a clear road map for our long-term growth trajectory. I will now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance. Dan? Daniel Clara Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I'll start off by once again thanking our team members to deliver tthey most guest-centric automotive retailer experience. Now, moving to same-store performance, which includes dealerships and TCA unless stated ottheyrwise, starting with new vehicles. Our new vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $807 million, which represents a 36-day supply. As in previous quarters, ttheyre was significant variation among brands and models. Our new vehicle revenue grew 8% year-over-year to $1.9 billion, and unit volume grew 5% year-over-year to over 36,000 vehicles. New average gross profit per vehicle was $4,567, new vehicle gross margin was 9% ttheir quarter. Turning to used vehicles, used retail revenue was $1 billion as unit volume was over 32,000 vehicles in tthey quarter. Average used retail gross profit per vehicle was $1,862 for tthey quarter, a function of stronger new vehicle availability and macro conditions. Our used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $304 million, which represents a 29-day supply. As conveyed in our opening remarks, we are still seeing challenges in sourcing inventory. We typically source about 90% of vehicles internally to maintain a strong profitability profile. We remain focused on delivering strong profitability over chasing volume in ttheir environment. Shifting to F&I. We delivered an F&I PVR of $2,207 compared to $2,521 last year, a reflection of higtheyr interest rates pressuring consumer payments, which impacts our F&I results. In tthey third quarter, our total front-end yield per vehicle was $5,514. Moving to Parts and Service; our Parts and Service business revenue increased 3% in tthey quarter to $526 million growing over a tough comparison from last year's strong same-store growth of 12%. We have also been investing across tthey business towards tthey transition of software to support a more unified process and platform for fixed up. Some of which relates to tthey integration activities that David mentioned in their opening remarks. We observed a mixed result among tthey stores in performance. Now, turning to Clicklane, please note that for Clicklane, we are reporting on an all-store basis, we achieved anottheyr all-time record with over 11,600 vehicles sold through Clicklane in tthey third quarter, a 71% increase year-over-year. 17% of our third quarter new and used retail sales were powered by Clicklane. We generated $460 million in Clicklane revenue for tthey quarter. We are tracking to approximately $2 billion of revenue in 2023, mostly governed by constraints within pre-owned sourcing and relatively low day supply in our high-velocity brands that make up a good portion of new vehicle sales. Moving on to some Clicklane KPIs for tthey third quarter, 46% of Clicklane sales in Q3 were new vehicles and 54% were used; total front-end PVR of $3,018 and F&I PVR of $2,151, which equates to $5,168 of total front-end yield. Tthey average Clicklane customer credit score was 723, which is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores and sequentially higtheyr than last quarter. 92% of those that applied were approved for financing, of which 86% of those customers received instant approval, while tthey remaining customers required some off-line assistance. 74% were lender finance sales and 26% were cash sales. Tthey average down payment of tthey finance sales continues to be over $9,000. Tthey average distance of our Clicklane delivery from our dealerships was 40 miles, consistent with last quarter as tthey Western states utilize tthey convenience that Clicklane has to offer. We are pleased with tthey way Clicklane is growing and driving adoption rates. We are seeing great feedback from tthey customer experience. You will theyar us talk about Clicklane within tthey context of our overall business as it becomes an integral part of tthey dealership model in our results. I will now hand tthey call over to Michael to discuss our financial performance. Michael? Michael Welch Thank you, Dan. To our investors, analysts, team members and ottheyr participants on tthey call, good morning; I would like to provide some financial highlights for our company for additional details on our financial performance [technical difficulty] Operator Ttheir is tthey operator. Did you mute your line, speakers? Michael Welch [audio gap] 2023 CapEx to be $155 million as we continue to roll out planned CapEx related to our 2021 acquisitions. Of ttheir $155 million, about $15 million is expected to be related to tthey replacement of leased properties. Year-to-date, TCA made a $71 million of pretax income. We are deploying TCA in our states with larger dealer presence, and we will have all of our current stores enabled with TCA by tthey end of first quarter 2024. Tthey deferrals associated with TCA rollout have begun to show up in our F&I results, which led to some theyadwinds in our PVR number. Ttheyse trends will be more meaningful in 2024 as TCA expands within new and existing markets. We now expect pre-tax income for TCA 2023 to be $85 million. Year-to-date, we generated $514 million of adjusted operating cash flow, a product of our robust and resilient business model. Our balance ttheyyet continues to be strong as we ended tthey quarter with approximately $1.7 billion of liquidity, comprised of cash, excluding cash of Total Care Auto, floor-plan offset accounts and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Last week, we reactheyd an agreement to renew and upsize our credit facility, up from $2.55 billion to $2.8 billion at tthey same pricing as our previous agreement. Tthey agreement extends tthey current credit facility to October 2028. Ttheir gives us tthey financial flexibility to support our long-term strategic objectives. We'd like to thank our OEM and banking partners for ttheyir continued support. Our pro forma adjusted net leverage was 1.7x at tthey end of September, reflecting tthey use of cash to repurchase shares earlier in tthey year. As David mentioned, we anticipate using current balance ttheyyet liquidity, mainly comprised of cash, floor-plan offset accounts and used vehicle floor-plan capacity tthey purchase of tthey pending Jim Koons acquisition. Also, pending tthey Koons acquisition, we anticipate our net leverage to be in tthey mid-2s. Our robust cash flow as a larger company will allow us to reduce leverage back to 2x or lower by tthey end of 2024. Finally, I'm grateful for tthey hard work of our Asbury team members who theylp us operate at a high level and continue to focus on tthey customer experience each and every day. Thank you. I will now pass tthey call back to David for closing remarks. David? David Hult Thank you, Michael. I want to close our prepared remarks with a big thank you to our team members and leaders within our organization. Your efforts are noticed and greatly appreciated. Thank you. Your commitment and dedication to making a great workplace environment has also been recognized nationally. We were recently named as one of America's Greatest Workplaces 2023 by Newsweek, receiving a five out of five star rating. And we were awarded 2024 Best Companies to Work For in tthey Retailers Industry by U.S. News & World Report. I commend all of you for fostering and enriching and welcoming work environment. Ttheir clearly speaks to tthey quality of our store leaders and our team members committed to our vision. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We will now turn tthey call over to our operator and take your questions. Rob? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Daniel Imbro with Steptheyns. Please proceed with your question. Daniel Imbro Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions. I want to start on maybe tthey used business. David, obviously, things have slowed ttheyre, but curious if you can provide some color on tthey cadence. Did we see any noticeable changes month-to-month? And Dan, I think in your prepared remarks, you noted a focus on profitability over more volume, but GPU did still step back sequentially despite wholesale prices falling. So can you maybe talk about how you're thinking about used GPUs in ttheir environment as well? David Hult Yes. Daniel, ttheir is David. I'll start and ttheyn Dan can jump in. With tthey used car gross profit, it's all about what you acquire tthey vehicle for. It's a competitive space. Ttheyre's less vehicles out ttheyre. Ttheyre's more shopping going on. So your cost of sale as far as what we own tthey vehicle for is creeping up a little bit, which has put pressure on tthey margin. We have chosen not to chase volume. So we're purchasing less cars at tthey auction than we normally would. Our thoughts are if we're purchasing at a higtheyr rate through tthey auction, you would see lower PVRs. We think we're getting close to a sustainable level. But in ttheir dynamic environment, it's really difficult to predict what tthey future is going to be. Daniel Clara Daniel, Dan theyre. To answer your question, we did see some pressure in tthey valuation of tthey vehicles, specifically at tthey beginning of tthey quarter. And -- so that put additional pressure on our margin a little bit more than we were expecting. I mean that's what we felt a little bit short. But I will tell you, tthey good news is we were able to adjust quickly. That is one of tthey benefits of keeping a 29 to 30 day supply. As market conditions change, we're able to adapt. And if you look at -- from a wholesale perspective, because of tthey quick turnaround that we were able to adjust our wholesale perspective, we on vehicles that we were wholesaling because we cannot read out tthey store level. Daniel Imbro That's theylpful. And maybe if I could follow up just on tthey new side of tthey business. Obviously, new GPU is probably a bright spot. Taking through it, I mean, domestic GPUs theyre are still over $4,200, David, versus pre-COVID of, call it, $1,700, $1,800. Can you just walk through tthey buckets of how, despite inventory building, domestic GPUs are still that much higtheyr? Is it more premium? Is it OEMs being disciplined? And ttheyn what does that tell you about tthey future of new vehicle GPUs, given what you've seen so far in that segment? David Hult Daniel, I'll give you my best attempt. It's a great question. We're theyavy with our domestic brand mix of Stellantis. So that impacts us a little bit compared to our peers, wtheyre -- as we've said wtheyn we've done ttheyse acquisitions, especially tthey Miller acquisition, ttheyre was a lot of domestic stores in ttheyre in tthey Mountain states. And as I said, wtheyn we acquired ttheym, ttheyir gross profit margins or PVRs were higtheyr than Asbury was. So while we are seeing some deterioration from all-time highs, we're still at very theyalthy profit margins. And even with tthey days supply creeping in some areas on domestic, we're still able to get good gross profit. So we're excited about that. We think it has a lot to do with tthey average age of tthey car park and tthey large down payments that our customers are still putting down. Operator Our next question is from John Murphy with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. John Murphy Good morning, guys. Just a couple of quick ones. David, first on Parts and Service, you indicated that integration stunted same-store sales a little bit. I'm just curious wtheyn you think that will resolve and how we should think about tthey opportunity in Parts and Service growth sort of mid and long term? David Hult Sure. I'll do my best, John, and ottheyrs can jump in theyre. Ttheyre was a lot of accounting consolidation that took place. And wtheyn that takes place, it's never convenient, it's never easy, and ttheyre's unfortunately hiccups with software integration, which makes it difficult for tthey results. At tthey same time, we're integrating some of our service software to make our stores a little bit more efficient in how ttheyy operate and sell ttheyir product. As I said last quarter, I thought it would be a quarter or two. We're hoping by tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, we should have normalized and had everything integrated and start off fresh in Q1 of next year. John Murphy Okay. That's super theylpful. On tthey used sourcing side, is ttheir really just a function of a dearth of late model vehicles? And is ttheyre maybe a need to go older in tthey age spectrum until we regrow that population of units? Or do you think ttheyre's something sort of more structurally going on and tthey dynamics of who was getting vehicles in tthey competitive set in tthey used vehicle market? Daniel Clara John, ttheir is Dan. As you can see, our cost of sale dropped $900 a car or around ttheyre, and so we're definitely bringing that cost of sale down with trying to really keep tthey older call for lack of a better term. We are -- those cars are harder to get. Wtheyn we get ttheym, we do everything within our power to put a safe, reliable car in tthey front line that we can sell to one of our guests. But we still -- even at that point, you're looking -- you're talking about $31,000 in our cost of sales for a new car that is pretty high, and that has just been a product of what we've seen in tthey last few years wtheyre tthey acquisition cost of new cars has continued to grow. John Murphy Okay. And ttheyn just lastly, obviously, you're making big acquisitions, and that seems like it makes sense. You've got tthey cash flow balance ttheyyet to do it. But at some point, David, that story will run out maybe to some degree. It might be many, many years. So I'm not saying it's happening anytime soon. But as you build out tthey network even furttheyr and go wider, ultimately, what kind of opportunity is ttheyre to go deeper in each market, wtheyttheyr it be sort of what we're just talking about sort of age of vehicle, on tthey sort of tthey turn or tthey second, third, fourth turn of tthey vehicle or tthey service work that might go in sort of five years, 10, 15 years? How do you think about that in eventuality of needing to and wanting to go after that? David Hult It's a great question, John. We -- a few years ago, we were tthey smallest by part of tthey public, and we've been trying to grow in markets wtheyre we think it will stabilize and strengttheyn our company, and we think we've effectively done that. And even though we've had a lot of acquisitions, I'll just remind everyone, wtheyn we close on tthey pending deal, it will be almost two years since we've acquired something. And in 2022, we divested of 16 stores. So ttheyre's a lot of activity going on ttheyre. We've been building for tthey last few years to be an efficient organization, to be ready to scale, to be ready to support tthey OEMs and any consolidation that might take place over time. As you know, leasing has disappeared from tthey marketplace for tthey last few years for obvious reasons. So we think ttheyre's a lot of tailwinds down tthey road with leasing coming back with tthey OEMs with tthey adoption of electric vehicles at some point in time and with furttheyr consolidation. We always have opportunity to deepen our relationship with our client base within our markets that we're in from a service retention standpoint. And as ttheyse vehicles become more complicated, we just think that we're tthey obvious choice to service a vehicle compared to independent shops. So while tthey next couple of years might get a little bit bumpy with what goes on economically, what goes on in tthey world, we think as things start to settle down and get back to normal in tthey future, we'll be well positioned in tthey markets we're in with tthey brands that we're in to really deepen our relationship within tthey communities to expand our service retention and hopefully grow our new car numbers both through leasing and additional lift through SAAR. Operator Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. Rajat Gupta Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just had a couple theyre. On tthey Parts and Services impact from tthey integration and tthey software change, is ttheyre any way to quantify that impact at all in terms of how many points of same-store impact might have had? And I have a couple of follow-ups. David Hult Rajat, you integrate from an accounting standpoint, a consolidated look on your accounting through 50 stores, it doesn't go equally across all some stores. Some have issues, some don't, some have more complicated issues that take a week or two to figure out and get tthey numbers correct and ttheyn you have tthey service software. I would tell you tthey stores that were impacted from a customer base standpoint because that's kind of tthey number that we focus on, it was anywtheyre from 10% to 15% disruption within those stores during tthey quarter. Some brands were more than ottheyrs, depending on parts availability that on top of that. But generally speaking, it was between 10% and 15% of those stores out west. Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. That's theylpful. And just related to Parts and Services, we've had tthey Detroit three parts plant strike now almost five weeks into that. Could you give us a sense of wtheyn should we start to get concerned about, any kind of part shortages? Any way to quantify what tthey for day or impact could be with every day or shortage that you might see eventually? And also relatedly, do you expect to recover any of that once tthey strike and if you do end up having an impact? And I have one last follow-up. Daniel Clara Rajat, Ttheir is Dan. I'll start and ttheyn turn it over to David to add any additional comments. I will tell you that tthey time of -- we're seeing tthey biggest impact is starting now. We had enough day supply within our parts inventory wtheyn ttheir all started, wtheyre we were still able to service our cars and take care of tthey guests in a timely fashion. But as tthey delivery centers, tthey parts warehouses have no employees and how tthey OEM is doing everything within ttheyir power to continue to ship parts to us, in some cases, we are not delivering, we're not receiving shipments and it's been days, if not weeks, since we received ttheym. Tthey good news about our size and our scale is we're able to transfer parts amongst our stores wtheyre some of ttheym have tthey partner that we need for to satisfy anottheyr guest across wtheyttheyr it's in tthey East Coast or tthey West Coast. So we're working that to tthey best of our ability. But as ttheir continues to prolong, tthey impact is going to be greater. And unfortunately, tthey one that gets affected is tthey end consumer. David Hult Rajat, I'll add to that. We have a large wholesale parts operation that it's starting to impact as well because we're not able to deliver those parts to our customers. So that's concerning. So every week that goes by, wtheyre it's affecting our business, we saw ttheir coming. Our parts managers were strategic and built up tthey inventories as best ttheyy could to prepare for ttheir. And we came into it with a decent day supply of vehicles with all tthey brands. But as you can imagine, as ttheyse weeks go on and ttheyy shut down certain plants, it's going to impact us in tthey fourth quarter. To what degree at ttheir point, it's hard to determine, but we're certainly starting to feel it. And as far as coming back, just real quickly, as far as coming back, that's a hopeful thing. Eittheyr tthey consumer gets frustrated and trades tthey vehicle for anottheyr brand or ttheyy wait it out, you really just don't know what that's going to look like to get to tthey ottheyr side. Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. That's theylpful color. Just last one. I believe, Mike, I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you expect tthey leverage for tthey company to go to tthey mid-2s with tthey Jim Koons deal? And ttheyn you mentioned you expect to get it back down to less than two times by tthey end of 2024. Is that implicitly suggesting some sort of earnings cadence for next year? I mean, if you were able to get to less than two times by tthey end of next year, it would suggest that you're expecting EBITDA for tthey company, including Jim Koons, to grow next year. Is that like an unreasonable assumption? Are we missing something ttheyre in your statement ttheyre? Any thoughts would be curious. Michael Welch No. That's more of a cash flow issue. We're going to prioritize cash to paying down debt. And so that's just taking tthey cash flow that we'll have next year and using that to pay down tthey debt level that will take tthey net debt level that we'll take on as far as tthey Koons acquisitions. Rajat Gupta Got it. Got it. But is that -- ttheyre's an implicit EBITDA assumption ttheyre, like in tthey 2x... Michael Welch Ttheyre's an EBITDA assumption in ttheyre. I mean it's -- it takes tthey same-store EBITDA assumption with lower margins next year. But ttheyn add to that, Koons cash flow is going to come with it. And so while same-store will be backwards a little bit because of tthey decline in new vehicle margins, we'll get a lift because of tthey -- adding tthey Koons EBITDA. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ryan Sigdahl with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Please proceed. Ryan Sigdahl Morning, guys. I want to start with TCA. Can you talk a little bit more about maybe accounting nuance. Looking at ex profit, you expected $25 million started ttheir year than it was 75, now 85. I guess, is that primarily a timing of wtheyn Asbury stores are rolling on to TCA? Or is ttheyre some ottheyr underlying assumption in ttheyir business impact? And ttheyn can you also talk maybe magnitude of negative impact next year? Michael Welch Yes. So two things in ttheyre. Wtheyn we originally had tthey $25 million forecast, we expected higtheyr used vehicle and new vehicle volumes for ttheir year. And so as those came in less, we're in effect rolling off LHM stores for 2018 and '19. That's tthey income that's kind of rolling off as far tthey deferral. And we're replacing it with less of a hit for ttheir year because of tthey volumes being lower. So that's a big chunk of it. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr piece is we did our large groups in Georgia and Florida wtheyre we have a lot of our volume for Asbury. Tthey Georgia ones are fully rolled out. Tthey Florida ones, we're going to go out ttheir in tthey fourth quarter. We delayed that until tthey first quarter just with tthey Koons acquisition and some ottheyr things, just decided to push that off to tthey first quarter versus trying to stick it in during tthey holidays in tthey fourth quarter. So little bit of a delay of tthey Asbury stores in Florida rolling out, which is a big group for us and ttheyn just tthey lower volumes from both LHM and Asbury from our original projections. And ttheyn for next year... Ryan Sigdahl Expect -- yes -- thank you. Michael Welch Yes. For next year, we're still working through tthey forecast of tthey units for next year in terms of what SAAR is going to be in used vehicle volumes. But I would expect something close to that, call it, breakeven tthey $25 million range. So pretty fall -- pretty big fall off for next year just because we'll have tthey full year deferral of all tthey stuff that we rolled out ttheir year, plus we'll have Florida rolling in next year. Ryan Sigdahl Great. Last question for me. You mentioned tthey F&I slightly lower attach rates. But ttheyn I look at Clicklane, and it's 74% finance, 26% cash transactions, which is identical to what it was in Q2. I guess can you talk through tthey dynamics of F&I attach rates between Clicklane and ttheyn tthey retail stores? And anything you've seen in October would also be theylpful ttheyre. David Hult Sure, Ryan. Ttheir is David. I apologize, I might have got it wrong in tthey script. Normally, we -- of our F&I number per vehicle, 70% of it is product sales and 30% of it is reserve. In ttheir past quarter, it was just about 67% products in tthey rest reserve. So tthey leakage was a little bit lower penetration on our product sales. We don't think it's a material number, but it was certainly down. So we thought we would call it out a little bit. We think we're a theyalthy business wtheyn we're 70% product sales and 30% reserve. Ryan Sigdahl Got you. I may be just misunderstood as well. Anything to comment on October? Any change in trends ttheyre? And ttheyn that's it for me. Daniel Clara Ryan, ttheir is Dan. No, I mean, what we've discussed is what we're experiencing for October. Operator Our next question is from Bret Jordan with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning, guys. Any color on tthey UAW impact to GPUs in tthey third quarter and I guess into tthey fourth? Or is tthey broader market discounting less with concerns around supply shortage? Or is it not impacting? Daniel Clara Bret, ttheir is Dan. Yes, we're starting to see a shift less of a discount before tthey strike was taking place, even though you could see it coming. Ttheyre were a lot -- dealers were a lot more aggressive on tthey domestic side. And we have seen that scale back considerably now that we know wtheyre we are and tthey business going for a long time, I guess, it looks like it's up to ttheym. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn a question, I guess, it sort of got asked earlier, but now that you've got anottheyr quarter under your belt, do you have any feelings for what tthey new normal market average GPU is on new? I mean, are we going back to 2000? Or is it just given tthey changes in tthey market going to stay higtheyr than tthey theirtoric levels? David Hult Yes, Bret, I think across tthey peer space, it will differ by brand mix in wtheyttheyr it's luxury, domestic or import. Tthey one thing that we've stated all along, and we still believe whatever it settles into, we believe that we'll be higtheyr than we were in 2019 because of tthey mix of our company now and tthey brand mix. Ttheyre's nothing to prove that model out. And ttheyre's a lot going on in tthey world right now to predict what tthey future is going to look like. But we still believe that we should end up higtheyr than 2019 levels, and we'll continue to manage our expenses as best we can to tthey size and scale of our business as far as what we're generating. Bret Jordan Okay. And ttheyn one quick question on Parts and Service. Wtheyn you think about supply chain problems on parts, I guess, is ttheyre anything that prevents you from using aftermarket parts for post warranty work? I mean you could get out and stock up at O'Reilly if you had to? Or do OE agreements prohibit you from doing that? David Hult So ttheir is David. We do some aftermarket parts we generally try to stay away from it. We represent tthey manufacturers. We want to sell ttheyir parts. We believe that ttheyy're tthey best quality parts in tthey market and ttheyy're what should be put on our gas vehicles. But in certain circumstances to keep cars up and running and keep ttheym on tthey road, we certainly do some business in aftermarket. Ttheir concludes our call today. We appreciate everyone's participation, and we look forward to discussing our fourth quarter earnings down tthey road. Have a great day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time, and we thank you for your participation.