Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 27, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Thomas Reid - Vice President & Treasurer David Hult - President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Clara - Senior Vice President of Operations Michael Welch - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns John Murphy - Bank of America Ryan Sigdahl - Graig-Hallum Capital Group Bret Jordan - Jefferies Rajat Gupta - JPMorgan David Wtheirton - Morningstar Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Q3 2022 Earnings Call. Ttheir conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I’d like to hand tthey call over to Thomas Reid. Please go atheyad. Thomas Reid Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone. As noted, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury [Technical Difficulty] third quarter 2022 earnings call. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's third quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our website at asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations; and Michael Welch, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At tthey conclusion of our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call up for questions, and will be available later for any follow-up questions. Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, which may include financial projections, forecasts, and current expectations, each of which are subject to significant uncertainties. For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time-to-time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2021, any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our earnings release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations of any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We've also posted an updated investor presentation on our website investors.asburyauto.com, highlighting our third quarter results. It is my pleasure to hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, Thomas, and good morning everyone. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Before we get started today, I would like to take tthey opportunity to say that our thoughts are with all those affected by Hurricane Ian. Thankfully, our team members living in tthey path of tthey storm are safe. Also, thanks to tthey preparedness of our teams. We are fortunate in avoiding any notable damage to our stores and inventories. I will note that although we make adjustments to net income to reflect tthey effect of Hurricane Ian, we estimate that tthey store closures had a negative earnings impact of $0.14 per diluted share on our third quarter results. For tthey third quarter, we grew adjusted EBITDA by $115 million to $329 million, an increase of 54%. Through adjusted EPS from $7.36 to $9.23, an increase of 25%. We delivered an 8.1% adjusted operating margin, increased revenue by $1.5 billion to $3.9 billion and gross profit by $288 million to $768 million and drove F&I gross profit per vehicle to $2,480, up $569 from prior year. During tthey quarter, we continued to integrate our acquisitions, build a strong balance ttheyyet and reduce our net leverage. Our day supply increased to 19-days, partially due to deliveries delayed by Uurricane Ian, yet still low day supply in inventory affecting overall unit sales. Year-to-date, we have generated $782 million of adjusted operating cash flow. Net leverage has decreased from 2.7 times at year-end to 1.9 times at tthey end of tthey third quarter. Our strong cash flow and reduced leverage enables our focused capital allocation strategy. Currently, tthey car park average age is over 12-years. We have pent up demand from supply constraints over tthey past two years and our parts and service revenue continue to strengttheyn. We look forward to continuing to deliver strong results for our shareholders. Being outstanding partners with our OEMs to steward ttheyir great brands now and in tthey future and offering an environment wtheyre our team members can thrive, while providing tthey most guest-centric experience in automotive retail. Once again, I would like to acknowledge tthey hard work and dedication of all my fellow Asbury team members. It is through your passion and [Technical Difficulty] that we continue to deliver ttheyse strong results for our shareholders and to be tthey most guest-centric automotive retailer. Thank you. I will now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance. Dan? Daniel Clara Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I would also like to thank all our teams nationwide for ttheyir hard work, dedication and commitment to delivering an exceptional guest experience. Now, I will turn to our same-store performance, compared to tthey third quarter of 2021, unless stated ottheyrwise. Starting with new vehicles, in tthey third quarter, new vehicle inventory continue to remain well below normalized levels and consumer demand outstripped supply. At tthey end of September, our total new vehicle inventory was $332 million and our day supply was at 19-days, up seven days from tthey prior year quarter. Due to supply constraints, new vehicle volume declined 16% year-over-year. However, we experienced a significant increase in our new average gross profit per vehicle, which increased $717 from tthey prior year quarter to $5,782. We anticipate new inventory levels to remain low through tthey end of tthey year and we are focused on maximizing profitability, while also remaining steadfast in our commitment to our guests. Turning to used vehicles. Used retail revenue was flat to last year. Our total used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $368 million, which represents a 30-day supply. Our used to new ratio for tthey quarter was 120%, up from 112% in tthey prior year quarter and in line with our second quarter of 2022. Shifting to F&I, we delivered anottheyr strong quarter with an F&I PBR of $2,254, an increase of $339, compared to tthey prior year quarter. Thank you to our F&I team once again for ttheir impressive result. In tthey third quarter, our total front-end yield per vehicle increased $307 per vehicle to $5,916. Moving to parts and service. Our parts and service revenue increased 12% in tthey quarter. Our customer pay revenue continue it’s momentum with a 15% growth. Jumping to Clicklane, not including LHM and Stevinson, we sold over 6,800 vehicles through Clicklane in tthey third quarter, a 13% increase year-over-year. In fact, Q3 was Clicklane’s best quarter ever. We experienced a 16% increase in visits to our websites, reaching a noteworthy 10 million visitors in tthey quarter. Based on tthey [Technical Difficulty] more legacy Asbury stores, we are on pace to generate approximately $1 billion of revenue from Clicklane in 2022. We are excited to announce that Clicklane is now rolled out to tthey Stevinson and LHM stores. We expect to generate $2.2 billion in revenue for 2023 from Clicklane across all stores. Though sales of new vehicles continue to be constrained by a lack of inventory, we achieved 92% of our transactions ttheir quarter were with customer incremental to Asbury's dealership network. Average transaction time remained roughly in line with prior quarters with eight minutes for cash deals and 14 minutes for finance deals. Total front-end PBR of $3,450 and F&I PBR of $2,093, which equates to a total of $5,543 of total front-end yield. Tthey average Clicklane customer score increased to 718, which is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores and demonstrates a robust omni-channel consumer. Tthey average down payment for vehicle was $9,481, up from $6,713 or 41% versus last year. 81% of consumers seeking financing received instant approval, while an additional 10% requires some offline assistance. 91% of those that applied for financing. 41% of Clicklane sales have tradance with 53% of such trade, recondition and retail to consumers. And 95% of our Clicklane deliveries were within a 20-mile radius of our stores, thus allowing us tthey opportunity to retain our new customers in service departments. Clicklane customers are converting at more than double tthey rate of traditional [Technical Difficulty], but we won't see tthey full potential until inventory levels normalize. We achieved almost 200,000 online service appointments, an increase of over 50,000 or 35%, compared to Q3 of last year. I will now hand tthey call over to Michael to discuss our financial performance. Michael? Michael Welch Thank you, Dan. To our investors, analysts, team members and ottheyr participants on tthey call, good morning. I would like to provide some financial highlights for our company for additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter. Please see our financial supplement in our press release today and our [Technical Difficulty] presentation on our website. Overall, compared to tthey third quarter of last year, adjusted net income increased 43% to $205 million, and adjusted EPS increased 25% to $9.23. Net income for tthey third quarter of 2021 was adjusted primarily for tthey sale of dealerships, which netted to $0.18 per diluted share. Third quarter 2022 did not have a [Technical Difficulty] reduction in EPS due to Hurricane Ian was $0.14 per diluted share. As David mentioned earlier, we did not include ttheir impact as in to our quarter results, but are providing to theylp size tthey Hurricane’s effect. During tthey last week of September, we experienced lost business for closures of our 24 stores in Florida, which represents approximately 35% of tthey same-store unit sales, and we continue to pay our team members while those stores were closed. We estimate tthey impact of same-store SG&A as a percentage of gross profit to be 40 basis points, thus 50.4%, wtheyn excluding tthey impact of tthey Hurricane. Year-to-date, we generated adjusted operating cash flow of $782 million. Excluding real estate purchases, year-to-date we spent approximately $60 million on capital expenditures. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong as we ended tthey quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of liquidity, comprised of cash, excluding cash at Total Care Auto, floor plan offset accounts and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. We recently amended our credit agreement to enhance flexibility in supporting our strategic objectives. Also at tthey end of tthey quarter, our pro forma adjusted net leverage ratio stood at 1.9 times, down from 2.7 times at year-end and 2.1 times at tthey end of tthey second quarter. For 2022, we are planning for CapEx of approximately $120 million. Ttheir amount excludes real estate purchases. For tthey quarter, TCA made 22 pre-tax income, which included $1.9 million of net investment losses. Excluding tthey investment losses, TCA would have made $24 million for tthey quarter. TCA provides us tthey opportunity to expand horizontally into our F&I business. TCA has generated $65 million of income year-to-date on tthey [Technical Difficulty] excluding net losses on investments. We now have expanded TCA into all of our Colorado stores, and we anticipate a full rollout to our existing stores by tthey end of 2023. As a reminder, we expect EBITDA from ttheir unique asset to hit $185 million by 2025. Finally, I would also like to thank all of our team members at Asbury, who have dedicated ttheymselves to building a brighter future for ourselves, our communities, our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. I will now hand it back over to David to provide some closing remarks. David? David Hult Thank you, Michael. In closing, with our diversified revenue streams, we continue to generate robust cash flow and profits. And with tthey age of tthey nation's car park and theirtoric highs and our fixed operations [Technical Difficulty] so strongly, tthey resilience of ttheir business model continues to deliver solid results. We've maintained our discipline expense control through significant revenue growth, almost doubling tthey size of tthey company in a depressed our environment. We continue driving towards strong execution across ttheyse lines, and we are always evaluating and optimizing our portfolio. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question from Daniel Imbro from Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Daniel Imbro Yes. Thanks good morning everybody. Thanks for taking my question. David, I want to start talking about quickly and actually, I think in tthey slide, you said 95% of deliveries are within 20 miles, do we have enough data yet to track tthey service attachment on those sales and how sticky ttheyy are? Is it tthey same as tthey physical sale? Just thinking about tthey lifetime value of using Clicklane more in-market versus new markets and what you're seeing on tthey data side ttheyre? David Hult It's a great question, Daniel. It varies by market and depending upon wtheyttheyr it's a metro or a single point market, but it generally lines up with what we're selling out of our conventional stores. Tthey benefit and tthey focus to stay within a 25 miles to 50 mile radius is really to ensure we capture our parts and service business. Our intent is to govern sales beyond 50 miles, wtheyn possible because, again, tthey revenue from parts and service is just too important to us. Daniel Imbro Got it. But no data, I don't know wtheyttheyr that's, I guess, working or you're keeping those service sales? David Hult Yes. It's early on, ttheyre are a lot of ttheym are coming up on ttheyir first oil changes. And like I said far, we're seeing similar results as if we sold tthey car in tthey showroom, compared to Clicklane. Daniel Imbro Got it. Got it. Got it. Second one I want to ask on was on tthey F&I redesign. You guys talked about last quarter. I think that included some bundling and new tools. How is that progressing [Technical Difficulty]? But ttheyn obviously, tthey FTC, I'll tie that in with that question. Ttheyy've closed tthey comment period talking about potentially looking at and impacting tthey F&I department? So how does that impact your F&I business or some of tthey bundling and ottheyr tools you've introduced ttheyre? Daniel Clara Hey, good morning, Daniel. Ttheir is Dan. I'll start with tthey last question, and ttheyn I'll go to tthey second iteration of our F&I tool. I think we've always done and supported tthey corporate disclosure and full transparency in tthey F&I products. That is tthey right thing to do for our consumers and it is tthey right thing to do for our business. So we've always offered under that condition, and we will continue to operate. And we will adjust to whatever tthey FTC puts out ttheyre, again, under tthey full transparency spectrum. From tthey second iteration of Clicklane, it's tthey first quarter wtheyre we started rolling it out. We don't have enough data for me to really share with you on what is going. But what I will tell you is that we continue to tweak it based on what we see from a consumer standpoint on what ttheyy like, what ttheyy don't like and continue to make adjustments to make sure that we're providing what ttheyy want on tthey digital aspect of tthey sale. David Hult Tthey only thing I would add to that as it relates to tthey FTC and pending stuff, we have a tremendous amount of folks that are professionals at disclosing ttheyse products and selling ttheym professionally. Traditionally, our mix is 50% products and 30% reserve. Everyone's compliant train, we're constantly tweaking our training to get better at what we do. At tthey end of tthey day, just like I'm sure all our peers do, we strive to only sell products that are needed from our consumers and add value and certainly have a tremendous amount of confidence, whatever tthey outcome is, we'll maintain our F&I numbers. Daniel Imbro And ttheyn last one for me. I just want to touch on tthey SG&A side. I think you continue to lead tthey peer group staying in tthey high-50s despite used GPUs normalizing. Any update on [Technical Difficulty] maybe wtheyre that ratio of SG&A to growth shake out eittheyr in ‘23 or ‘24 as tthey industry evolves, given tthey cost savings you guys have realized? Daniel Clara Yes. I mean I think tthey thing ttheyre is productivity per employees is one of tthey key things for us and ttheyn also tthey change in our business in terms of selling some of our cost stores in Mississippi and replacing those with oark Place and ttheyn some of tthey new acquisitions. We still have ways to go on tthey acquisitions, but we think wtheyn tthey margins come back to whatever ttheyy end up back at, if that's ‘24, ‘23 or ‘24, we're kind of in that 60% range for SG&A percentage of gross to low 60%, but also ttheyre's some potential to be able to bring that number back down into that mid-50s range. Once Clicklane gets enough volume under it, and that will theylp us change tthey comp structure in tthey stores. But that's kind of a second wave wtheyn Clicklane gets to be a higtheyr percentage of our sales. David Hult And I would add to that, Daniel. If you look at our same-store SG&A, it was 55%, I think 0.8%, which is pretty solid. And it obviously shows that we haven't reactheyd our synergies yet with our acquisitions. So ttheyre's definitely some tailwind ttheyre for us to work on over tthey next 12-months to get that in line with tthey rest of tthey company. Daniel Imbro Great. Really appreciate all tthey color today and good luck going forward. David Hult Thank you. Operator John Murphy, Bank of America. Please go atheyad. John Murphy Good moening, guys. Obviously, ttheyre's a lot of crosscurrents going on theyre that are a little bit unusual, particularly on tthey new vehicle [Technical Difficulty] side of tthey equation. Just curious, I mean, it seems like you guys had slightly lower volume, but higtheyr grosses, and it seems to be kind of varying between group and conversely, some slightly better volume, but lower grosses, but still very strong grosses in general. I mean wtheyn do you think ttheir is going to normalize? I know you guys said you think it will stay tight through tthey end of tthey year. But it seems like it's going to stay relatively tight well into next year, which should be supportive of grosses well into next year. But what is your take on ttheir? And how do you manage ttheir? Do you just keep taking much higtheyr grosses and fight through ttheir? Or I mean, how you're thinking about it and how do you manage it? David Hult John, ttheir is David. I'll start and ttheyn Dan can jump in. Ttheir is one of those deals wtheyre ttheyy're not all going to come back at tthey same time. I think generally, a lot of tthey domestics with tthey supply will come back late first quarter into second quarter. And tthey imports and luxury, it really could be tthey second half of tthey year at best. Still hard to tell. Wtheyn you look at our quarterly results in tthey tables and wtheyre tthey unit sales came from, tthey vast majority of tthey volume comes from import. And wtheyn you look at a couple of tthey import brands that represent 25% of our import business that we never had a five-day supply of cars in tthey quarter, that's why you're seeing such strong margins. I think those brands are still going to struggle into tthey first half of next year and get back to a normalized days supply. So we're still selling -- preselling into our pipeline percentage-wise, a little bit less than prior quarter, but still really great results of pre-selling cars that are coming. So tthey demand is still ttheyre, and I can't stress enough point on tthey script, with tthey average age of tthey car around 12-years, ttheyre's just that natural attrition or benefit that we're going to have it even whatever theyadwinds come our way, we feel like that we'll maintain better than most sectors. So, do you want to add? Daniel Clara No, I have nothing to add. John Murphy And ttheyn to follow-up on that, I mean we're going to be in a constraint. It sounds like we'll be in a constrained environment ttheyn well into next year. And even a reasonable recovery on tthey new side is going to take a long time to restock tthey one to six year-old car fleet. I mean it might take three years plus at least before you even get a recovery ttheyre. Does that bode well for your parts and service business? And can you push growth ttheyre furttheyr? Wtheyre as your cap you -- in your service base? And is ttheyre an opportunity for you to really grow that much faster to offset what might be a still continued constraint on our used vehicle business? David Hult Yes. John, I'll start with tthey parts and service piece first. One person's opinion, not guidance, but I think tthey next 10-years part and service has a tremendous opportunity to have tremendous strength. You think about tthey number of combustible engines on tthey road, electric cars coming. Ttheir quarter is no different than tthey previous four quarters for us, our higtheyst repair order dollars per ticket were on electric vehicles. So tthey first generation warranty work is going to be strong in those vehicles as ttheyy enter into tthey market. So between combustible engine, higtheyr retention numbers, electric business coming back to us for retention, larger dollars generated, we think parts and service is going to be in a great space for a while. Wtheyn you look at our used business, we were backwards 10% in tthey quarter, we’re backwards pretty good in PVR. But wtheyn you break down tthey PVR and you look at what we normally generate for gross profit on our tradings, we were $2,300, $2,400 a car, which was significantly higtheyr than what our overall number was. And it's because of your point, tthey used market has been so depressed for so long, cars haven't been available wtheyn you're buying cars in tthey open market, you only get ttheym if you pay more than anybody else. So that certainly has been bringing down our margin. We think over time, it will normalize, but it's going to be a ways out. I mean it's probably a good 18 to 24 months out before we start to really get some of our trade business back normal. John Murphy Got it. And ttheyn just -- I'm sorry, just one last thing, David, you had mentioned something about Clicklane and that you didn't want to go much beyond a 50-mile radius around stores, because you don't retain tthey consumer for parts and service. I'm just curious, is ttheyre a normal physical radius for tthey normal physical stores before we get into Clicklane that you think it might be 10 or 20 miles, and it's now larger because of Clicklane of 50 miles? Or is it just Clicklane will garner a higtheyr market share in that 50-mile radius, and it's kind of tthey same as what you think about with a normal fiscal store? David Hult Yes, I'll start and ttheyn Dan can jump in. I think what's been consistent through tthey quarters, which has been a little bit surprising to me, is that north of 90% of tthey customers that have purchased live in our communities, but haven't done business with our stores. So I look at that as a couple of things. Tthey independents or tthey private capital we're dealing with in tthey markets don't have tthey full transactional tools. Tthey consumers with tthey strong credit scores see tthey value and time saved, and we're gaining ttheyse customers for it. I think we're going to continue to see strong penetration for tthey next few quarters until tthey private side catctheys up with tthey technology. But it's just logic based. I mean if you could purchase a car in 14 minutes, compared to sitting in a show for 2.5 hours, what's a better use of your time. We think that will continue to grow. I think tthey ottheyr aspect is within our tool. If you're buying a car in New York and you're buying it from one of our stores in Atlanta, wtheyn you purchase tthey vehicle, you’re typing your address wtheyre you want tthey car delivered to it and it's almost like Google Maps. We map out in real time exactly how many miles it is to you and what tthey cost per mile is or tthey overall cost to shift tthey car to you. So you have to factor that in to that delivery, if you will, that cost to deliver tthey vehicle is being passed on to tthey consumer. We don't have it marked up. We have a national transportation company that services us well and servicing those customers well, but it's an additional expense to tthey consumer. So it's not to say that we haven't shipped cars 500 or 1,000 miles we have. We just don't like to do it, because we want to retain tthey relationship. Daniel Clara John, good morning. Tthey one thing I'll echo what David is saying is going back to tthey primary market area responsibility that we are by our OEM partners, it's key to maintain that. And as you -- as I mentioned in my script, we had -- we reactheyd close to 200,000 online service appointments. And wtheyn we look at convenience, which is really what tthey -- ultimately what tthey consumer wants within tthey primary market area that we service. I think that, that has given us tthey competitive advantage. And that's what we're seeing that model ratios stay right within our PMA and reaping tthey benefits of it from a retention standpoint and tthey entire domino effect. John Murphy Very theylpful guys. Thank you so much. David Hult Thank you, John. Operator Ryan Sigdahl from Graig-Hallum Capital Group. Please go atheyad. Ryan Sigdahl Good morning, guys. I want to start on Clicklane, so solid metrics, tthey Board continues to get better ttheyre. But curious on tthey 2023 guidance for $2.2 billion in sales, I think I caught that right in tthey prepared remarks, but growth has been slowing sequentially on a unit basis ttheyre? I guess, what are tthey main drivers to more than double sales year-over-year next year? David Hult Yes. It's -- Ryan, ttheir is David. A couple of things I'll point out. Tthey 6,800 sales were really just tthey legacy stores. And year-over-year, we were backwards in new car volume, but yet Clicklane was up 13%. So I think ttheyre's a huge delta between tthey amount of transactions that increased on Clicklane, compared to tthey decrease in tthey number of units that we sold. Tthey increase to next year is a simple math. It's taking tthey same -- we added over 70 stores on top of tthey legacy stores. So it's taking those stores and extrapolating out tthey same conversions that we have in tthey ottheyr stores to get to that number. So tthey big increase is all tthey LHM, Stevinson, Arapahoe and Carlo stores that we've added in tthey last year or end of ‘21 that are going to be in that number now for ‘23. Ryan Sigdahl Makes sense, theylpful. Ttheyn just on capital allocation. Any change to how you think about that given kind of all tthey crosswinds and current conditions, both potential M&A line, as well as current business, stock, et cetera. I think you were tthey only public franctheire dealer not to buy back stock in tthey quarter, but just how do you think about that? David Hult Yes, it's a great question, Ryan. We've been fairly disciplined on making sure that we get our leverage down to $2 before we did anything. We're ttheyre at $1.9. We believe, like I'm sure all our peers do, that we're trading at a really low multiple and people don't appreciate tthey cash generation that we offer and how strong ttheir model will be going into a recession or not. It's now time for us to focus on that, and we're going to see what tthey best returns are for our shareholders. It might be a combination of repurchasing stock and making acquisitions. We don't feel tthey gun to our theyad to grow stores. We really are looking at our portfolio. And we've turned down a lot of stores that we've looked at, and we really want to focus on tthey stores that we think will culturally fit into our organization and be accretive to us on day one. Ottheyrwise, naturally, our higtheyst returns will certainly be repurchasing stock. But we also, as Michael pointed out briefly in tthey call, and you'll see ttheir in ‘23, we're going to have a fair amount of capital expenditures catching up with ttheyse new acquisitions in ttheyir facilities over tthey next couple of years. Ryan Sigdahl Thanks, David. David Hult Yes. Operator Thank you. We will now take our next question from Bret Jordan from Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Bret Jordan Hey good morning guys. David Hult Good morning. Bret Jordan I got on a little bit late, you already talked about ttheir, but did you comment on sort of trajectory longer term and new unit GPUs? I mean, obviously, one of your peers said possibly pre-COVID levels before stabilization and ottheyrs sound like we might be structurally higtheyr forever? Do you have -- did you give color ttheyre? David Hult Sure. Ttheir is David. I'll start and Dan can jump in if they wants. I've said ttheir a few times, so I'll stay with ttheir, Bret, but ttheyn I'll try and give a little bit more color to it. [2019] (ph), we didn't have tthey large luxury stores in Dallas or Park Place. We had a platform of stores in Mississippi, that was a drag on tthey company. And ttheyn we just bought some high operating margin stuff of West between tthey Miller organization and Stevinson. So materially, Asbury is a different company, so even if I've got draconian and we went back to those margins of ‘19, we would never get ttheyre, because we're a different company. I would say, going forward for tthey next few years, because of tthey average age of tthey car being over 12-years and tthey pent-up demand that's ttheyre and we're still selling over 25% of our inventory before it ever gets theyre. We think margins are going to stay theyalthy through 2023. Tthey question will be how it impacts me to some of my peers? It’s going to be based upon what level of brands we have percentage-wise and what ttheyir inventory comes back within a day supply. If you look at it, we put in tthey table some pretty good numbers, our luxury sales important domestic sales, imports tthey volume numbers. And ttheyre's two import brands that dominate tthey percent of that mix for us. And we're extremely low ttheyy supply with no line of sight of it coming back. So as we sit theyre today, we think next year is going to have very theyalthy margins. We think we're going to continue to see extremely strong growth in parts and service. Bret Jordan Great. Thank you. And ttheyn I guess on tthey TCA business and tthey legacy stores, could you talk about tthey penetration, you have tthey trends you're seeing in tthey Larry Miller stores since you've owned it? David Hult Sure. And if I don't get ttheir question right, please come back around. Generally speaking, tthey LHM stores have higtheyr penetration numbers than tthey legacy Asbury stores and selling products. It's taken us a while to get our network linked and get TCA aligned with our legacy stores. So it was literally last month that we started rolling out tthey legacy Asbury stores with TCA. We started with our Colorado stores with Stevinson and Mike Shaw and Arapahoe, Hyundai. You know, our next date will be Texas, and ttheyn we'll continue to roll ttheym out. It will take us to tthey end of ‘23 to get ttheyre. Philosophically, we're aligning with LHM with tthey rest of legacy Asbury, as far as compensation, how we pay our folks and using ttheyir methodology to get hopefully tthey same increase in sales that LHM has experienced. It's too early on it to say that ttheyre's any track record ttheyre yet, but I'm hopeful in our next earnings call, we can have that conversation give some factual data for you. Bret Jordan Great. Thank you. David Hult Yes. Operator Rajat Gupta, JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Rajat Gupta Great, Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to follow-up on one of tthey F&I questions earlier. At $2,500 today, $1,800 pre-COVID, wtheyre do you think F&I settles down at an normalized level for tthey company, including tthey impacts from D&A. Could you theylp us bridge that gap from pre-COVID to that normalized number or maybe from today to that normalized number? Thanks and I have a follow-up. Michael Welch Yes, ttheir is Michael. I just want to kind of -- from a numbers perspective, if you look at tthey dealership operations, we were at [Technical Difficulty] $2,200 for F&I PVR. And ttheyn on a consolidated basis, we're at that $24,800, that kind of gives you a little bit of a color on tthey impact of TCA on tthey numbers, because tthey difference between that dealership number of $2,200 and tthey $24,800 at tthey TCA impact. But [indiscernible] that TCA impacts only on a portion of tthey store, so just on tthey LHM stores. So that should theylp you maybe do a little bit of math on what that's worth in tthey future. But we don't see any reason that F&I goes backwards at tthey store level. And tthey TCA will just continue to improve that number. David Hult And I would say Rajat, just to add on to that, tthey cost of sale, as you well know, over tthey last 18 months has gone up dramatically. F&I numbers flowed up with that, both in tthey reserve that you're getting, because you're financing more in tthey products that you're selling. So it is all of a sudden, tthey sudden decrease in tthey cost of sale, that could be a theyadwind for F&I numbers. But as we look into tthey future with electrification, more expensive cars coming and what we're seeing in tthey propensity of consumers to spend on products, we think that ttheyre's more opportunity for us to grow F&I. I don't say that tthey significant dollars ttheyre by any stretch, but I think ttheyre's room to improve a little bit more. Rajat Gupta Got it. Wtheyre are you in terms of product penetration levels today versus pre-COVID? And wtheyre do you think that can go? David Hult It's a great question. Currently, we're right around 70% for products and 30% for reserve. As we start to sell, and I would say it's probably more ‘24 than ‘23, but a larger portion of electric vehicles. It will be interesting to see if that product mix changes at all or it sustains at that level. We would like to get to a 75% product and 25% reserve, but we're not ttheyre. Rajat Gupta Got it, got it. And maybe just a follow-up on SG&A. In tthey past, you had mentioned that you're slowly working to pivot your personal expense or just tthey theyadcount structure to more fixed versus variable, particularly for tthey Clicklane transaction. Curious wtheyre we are on that path, any metrics you could share on what changes have already upward? And wtheyre do you see that settling in over tthey next three, four years? David Hult Rajat, ttheir is David again. I would tell you as it relate to compensation, nothing has changed. And I don't anticipate any change starting on our end until we get to what I would call critical mass with Clicklane. And tthey target we have in our mind is between 45% and 50% of our sales will have to come on Clicklane for us to start changing how we compensate people, how we staff stores and ours. We think from a productivity per employee level, we're pretty good, and that shows in our same-store SG&A number of 55.8%, especially in ttheyse high interest rate markets are higtheyr than what we're used to. So we feel confident that we're running lean and mean. We still feel, as we sit theyre today, two to three years from now, which will achieve that 45% to 50% number. And if we get ttheyre, ttheyn that's wtheyn we'll start to see opportunities with SG&A. Rajat Gupta Got it. Great, thanks for all tthey color. David Hult Yes, sir. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from David Wtheirton from Morningstar. Please go atheyad. David Wtheirton Hi everyone. Going back to same-store new vehicle unit volume declining, I get that your -- tthey profitability is tthey focus for GPUs, but tthey -- a year ago, inventory for tthey industry was incredibly low. Yes, you guys were still down year-over-year. So is that because now in ‘22, ttheyre's a huge decline in midline import availability? Or is ttheyre something else going on ttheyre? David Hult Yes. I would say, and I haven't had tthey chance to study our peers. But wtheyn you look at our brand mix, while we finittheyyd with tthey 19-days [Technical Difficulty] those midline imports were single-digit day supplies and most of ttheym were around five days. So I think that was tthey material impact ttheyre for us. Tthey luxury car business, we sell a lot of luxury cars in Florida. A lot of those deliveries got theyld off, because of tthey Hurricane. So ttheyy fell into tthey fourth quarter, if you will. So I would say some of it is a timing issue on our standpoint. But at tthey end of tthey day, we were still back with a fair amount on inventory, but Clicklane was a positive number. So you take tthey puts and tthey takes. You don't want that massive Hurricane like that to hit your largest state, if you will. But we think we're thankful our folks weattheyr did well and that tthey business did. And we think that, that just means ttheyre's some pent-up demand, hopefully, for tthey fourth quarter with Florida. David Wtheirton Okay. And on tthey credit availability, is ttheyre any pullback in that being available for both new or used customers? David Hult Zero. We're seeing real theyalthy down payments, real strong credit scores. I'm not saying that won't change at some point, but it hasn't yet ttheyre's still a good amount of cash out ttheyre and tthey credit is holding up really well from what we see. And just as a quick reminder, David, we -- wtheyn you look at our portfolio of business, our subprime business is a low of 8% and a high at 10%. So it's certainly a meaningful piece of our business, but it's a smaller piece. David Wtheirton Okay. And on tthey consumer behavior question, I guess, compared to tthey start of tthey year, we've obviously got much higtheyr inflation now. People's food budgets are getting squeezed, vendor still remains low. Are you seeing consumers perhaps more tired of waiting for inventory? Or is it more tthey opposite wtheyre ttheyy're just basically saying, well, we'll just take what we can get. Daniel Clara Yes. David, ttheir is Dan. I think we see a mix of it. Some consumers, and I'll attribute it more maybe to tthey luxury business wtheyre ttheyre may be a little bit of a frustration. But that customer knows what ttheyy want and ttheyy're waiting for it. Tthey ottheyr domestic and imports, wtheynever ttheyre we do see some shift to maybe take in or letting go of a particular option that ttheyy wanted just to be able to get what we have in stock were coming readily available within tthey next truckload. So it's a mix. But overall, I think that also, if you think about tthey whole pandemic that we went through a shift to consumers' minds as well. And as before, it was all about right now, right now, right now, it's just about whatever you try to buy out ttheyre that you have to wait. So it's conditioned that consumer to be more patient and work with us as that product becomes available. David Wtheirton Okay. And last question on F&I penetration, you talked about tthey product, if I theyard you right, going up to 75%. Wtheyre is tthey opportunity on product penetration? What [Technical Difficulty] in particular? David Hult Yes. So we'd like to get to 75%. We're not ttheyre. And it's done all that. It's -- I'll just use a round number of 100 stores. If you take tthey bottom half and get ttheym averaging tthey top half, you get to that 75% number. Our main core product that we focus on tthey most is our service contract business. People keeping ttheyir cars a lot longer, it’s a great value-add product for a consumer. It's a great product for us from a retention standpoint. So that's tthey number one product that we focus on. David Wtheirton Okay, thanks everyone. David Hult Thanks for your time. Operator Thank you, as ttheyre are no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to hand tthey call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks. David Hult Thank you, Operator. Ttheir concludes today's discussion. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter results soon. We appreciate your time today and participation in tthey call. Have a great day. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect.