Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE:ABG) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Dennis Reid - Vice President and Treasurer David Hult - President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Clara - Senior Vice President of Operations Michael Welch - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Daniel Imbro - Steptheyns, Inc. Rajat Gupta - J.P. Morgan Dave Wtheirton - Morningstar Ryan Sigdahl - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Bret Jordan - Jefferies Operator Good day and welcome to tthey Asbury Automotive Group Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey conference over to Dennis Reid. Please go atheyad. Dennis Reid Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone. As Kevin noted, today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay later ttheir afternoon. Welcome to Asbury Automotive Group's second quarter 2022 earnings call. Tthey press release detailing Asbury's second quarter results was issued earlier ttheir morning and is posted on our website at asburyauto.com. Participating with me today are David Hult, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Dan Clara, our Senior Vice President of Operations; and Michael Welch, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At tthey conclusion of our remarks, we will open tthey call up for questions, and will be available later for any follow-up questions. Before we begin, we must remind you that tthey discussion during tthey call today is likely to contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements ottheyr than those which are theirtorical in nature, which may include financial projections, forecasts, and current expectations, each of which are subject to significant uncertainties. For information regarding certain of tthey risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from ttheyse statements, please see our filings with tthey SEC from time-to-time, including our Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 2021 and any subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our earnings release issued earlier today. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements. In addition, certain non-GAAP financial measures as defined under SEC rules may be discussed on ttheir call. As required by applicable SEC rules, we provide reconciliations to any such non-GAAP financial measures to tthey most directly comparable GAAP measures on our website. We've also posted an updated investor presentation on our website, asburyauto.com, highlighting our second quarter results. It is now my pleasure to hand tthey call over to our CEO, David Hult. David? David Hult Thank you, Dennis, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. We continue to make strong progress towards our 2025 plan. For tthey quarter, we grew adjusted EBITDA by 126 million to 352 million, and adjusted EPS from $7.78 to $10.04, an increase of 29%. Delivered an 8.5% adjusted operating margin, increased revenue by $1.4 billion to $4 billion and increased gross profit by $305 million to $803 million, and drove F&I gross profit per vehicle to $2,390, up [563]. During tthey second quarter, we executed on our plan of continuing to integrate our acquisitions and reducing our net leverage. In addition, tthey systems integration for tthey rollout of Clicklane and Total Care Auto was completed. Combining our fully transactional tool with TCA requires significant work to integrate systematically across all platforms. We will start rolling out Clicklane to our acquired dealerships and TCA into tthey legacy Asbury stores during ttheir quarter. In tthey second quarter, we sold almost 6,600 units through Clicklane, growing 17% from tthey first quarter of 2022 and 55% year-over-year. Clicklane is currently installed at 88 of our 155 dealerships and is on pace to provide approximately $1 billion of revenue in 2022. Currently, our unit sales are governed by tthey lack of new vehicle inventory and our advertising campaign has been on hold until inventory levels improve. Once completely rolled out, to all 155 stores will be on pace for $2.2 billion in revenue through Clicklane by tthey end of 2023. TCA provides us tthey opportunity to expand our business horizontally into our F&I business. TCA generated 36 million of income year to date on tthey LHM stores, excluding unrealized losses on investment. Once completely rolled out to all 155 stores and with future acquisitions, we expect EBITDA from ttheir unique asset to hit 185 million by 2025. We continue to experience solid demand across all of our revenue streams, but we do not anticipate a meaningful recovery in new inventory levels in 2022. Year to date, we have generated 544 million of adjusted operating cash flow. Net leverage decreased from 2.7x at year-end to 2.1x at tthey end of tthey second quarter. Our strong cash flow and reduced leverage will allow us to shift our focus to strategic acquisitions and share buybacks. With consumers financially theyalthy, consumer financing readily available, tthey car park aged to record levels and sizable pent up demand combined with our technology to improve efficiency and productivity, we are well-positioned to weattheyr tthey current market conditions. We look forward to continuing to deliver strong results for our shareholders be outstanding partners with our OEMs to steward ttheyir great brands and offer an environment wtheyre our team members can thrive, while providing tthey most guest centric experience in automotive retail. We have tthey right brands in tthey right states with tthey right people to execute our strategy to grow and improve our business. Finally, I would like to acknowledge tthey hard work and dedication of all my fellow Asbury teammates. It is through your efforts that we continue to produce strong results for our shareholders and be tthey most guest centric automotive retailer to serve our guests. Thank you. I will now hand tthey call over to Dan to discuss our operating performance. Dan? Dan Clara Thank you, David, and good morning everyone. First, thank you to all of our dedicated teammates who worked so hard to fulfill our commitment to being tthey most guest centric automotive retailer. Now, I'll turn to our same store performance compared to tthey second quarter of 2021, unless stated ottheyrwise. Starting with new vehicles. In tthey second quarter, new vehicle inventory continued to remain well below normalized levels and consumer demand continue to outstrip supply. At tthey end of June, our total new vehicle inventory was $238 million and our day supply was at 13 days, down four days from tthey prior year quarter. Due to supply constraints, our new vehicle volume declined 31% year-over-year. However, we experienced a significant increase in our new average gross profit per vehicle, which increased $1,913 from tthey prior year quarter to $5,793. We anticipate new inventory levels to remain low through 2022 and we are focused on maximizing profitability, while also remaining steadfast in our commitment to our guests and our mission to be tthey most guest centric automotive retailer. Turning to used vehicles. We had a 12% increase in used retail revenue even with a 2% decrease in our used retail volume. Used gross profit PBR was $2,213. Our total used vehicle inventory ended tthey quarter at $425 million, which represents a 34-day supply down 3 days from tthey prior year. One of tthey many benefits of tthey franctheire model is tthey different venues to source vehicles such as, lease turn-in, trades, loaner cars, and direct purchase from consumers, including our recently launctheyd Clicklane [sell your car tool] [ph]. 90% of our used inventory comes from tthey sources I just mentioned. Our used to new ratio for tthey quarter was 120%, up from 84% in tthey prior year quarter, representing 98 used vehicle sales per rooftop. Shifting to F&I, we delivered a strong quarter in F&I with an F&I PBR of $2,409, an increase of $579 compared to tthey prior year quarter. Thank you to all of our F&I team numbers for ttheyse tremendous results. In tthey second quarter, our total front-end yield per vehicle increased $1,061 per vehicle to a total of $6,250. Moving to parts and service. Our parts and service revenue increased 10% in tthey quarter. Tthey warranty revenue, which is outside of our control from 19%, our customer pay revenue continue its strong rebound, posting 15% growth. Jumping to Clicklane. Clicklane continues to exceed our expectations in conversion rates, transaction times, new used PVR, F&I PVR and most importantly tthey guest experience. We sold almost 6,600 vehicles through Clicklane in tthey second quarter, a 17% increase from tthey first quarter 2022. In fact, in tthey second quarter, it was Clicklane’s best quarter ever with June posting tthey most Clicklane sales since its inception. In addition, our marketing team continues to drive traffic through tthey relentless efforts in [SEO] [ph]. As a reminder, SEO is all content built internally and does not require paid search. We experienced a 16% increase in unique visitors year-over-year to our websites, who want to take advantage of tthey only ecosystem that allows ttheym to purchase a new used or CPO vehicle fully online. Though sales of new vehicles continue to be restrained due to a lack of inventory, we achieved a 55% increase in Clicklane sales year-over-year. 92% of our transactions ttheir quarter were with customers that were incremental to Asbury's dealership network. Average transaction time remained roughly in-line with prior quarters, 8 minutes for cash deals, and 14 minutes for finance deals. Total front-end PVR of $3,765 and F&I PVR of $2,166, which equates to $5,927 of total front-end yield. Tthey average Clicklane customer credit score continues to be over 700, which is higtheyr than tthey average credit score at our stores. Tthey average down payment for vehicles was $8,871. 80% of consumer seeking financing received instant approval, while an additional 10% requires some offline assistance. 90% of those that apply were approved for financing. 44% of Clicklane sales had a trade-in’s with 62% of such trades reconditioned in retail to consumers, and 95% of our Clicklane delivers are within a 50 mile radius of our stores, thus allowing us tthey opportunity to retain our new customers in our parts and service departments. Clicklane customers are converting at nearly double tthey rate of traditional Internet lease, but we won't see tthey full potential until inventory levels normalize. We are excited to announce Clicklane’s second iteration of F&I products. Please reference our investor presentation starting on Page 19 for related details in visuals. We have revamped tthey user experience to include a guided and hybrid approach that allows tthey consumer to purchase in a manner that is convenient for ttheym. In addition, we are fully integrating TCA and e-contracting in tthey mix. As we roll out Clicklane to our recently acquired stores, we expect sales to increase generating approximately $2.2 billion in revenue by tthey end of 2023. I will now hand tthey call over to Michael to discuss our financial performance. Michael?  Michael Welch Thank you, Dan. To our investors, analysts, team members, and ottheyr participants on our call, good morning. I would like to provide some financial highlights for our company. For additional details on our financial performance for tthey quarter, please see our financial supplement in our press release and our investor presentation on our website. Overall, compared to tthey same quarter last year, adjusted net income increased 47% to two $223 million, and adjusted EPS increased 29% to $10.04. Net income for tthey same quarter of 2022 was adjusted [for] [ph] one-time pretax losses totaling $29 million or $0.97 per diluted share, primarily related to tthey sale of dealerships in tthey quarter. Net income for tthey second quarter 2021 was adjusted for real estate net gains of $500,000 or $0.02 per diluted share. Year to date, we generated adjusted operating cash flow of $544 million, which combined with proceeds from tthey invested stores allowed pay down $487 million of debt and our used vehicle volume and repurchased 200 million in shares. Excluding real estate purchases, year-to-date, we spent approximately $40 million on capital expenditures. Our balance ttheyyet remains strong as we ended tthey quarter with approximately $1 billion of liquidity comprised of cash excluding cash to Total Care Auto, floorplan offset accounts, and availability on both our used line and revolving credit facility. Also at tthey end of tthey quarter, our pro forma adjusted net leverage ratios stood at 2.1x, down from 2.7x at year-end. For 2022, we are planning for CapEx of approximately 120 million. Ttheir amount excludes real estate purchases and potential lease buyout opportunities that we consider to be financing transactions. For tthey quarter, TCA made $9 million of pretax income, which included $8 million of unrealized losses on equity investments. Excluding ttheyse unrealized losses, TCA would have made $17 million for tthey quarter. I would like to thank all of our teammates throughout Asbury who dedicate ttheymselves to building a brighter future for ourselves, our communities, and our shareholders. I will now hand tthey call back over to David to provide some closing remarks. David? David Hult Thank you, Michael. In closing, we are generating robust cash flow. We've reduced our net leverage more than expected and we are considering strategically aligned opportunities for disciplined growth. We are optimistic about tthey future of Asbury and achieving our 2025 plan, while delivering for our shareholders. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks. We will now turn tthey call over to tthey operator and take your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question today comes from Daniel Imbro of Steptheyns, Inc. Daniel Imbro Hey, good morning, guys. Congrats on tthey quarter and thanks for taking our questions. On tthey parts and service side, I'm not sure Dan, if you want to address ttheir, but showing continued strong growth, I'd be curious what are tthey initiatives that you've implemented that have been driving ttheir double-digit growth, maybe theylping you guys gain share? And ttheyn curious for any update on tthey labor backdrop on tthey technician side? Is ttheyre any alleviate on that as tthey labor market loosens or how is that developing? Dan Clara Hey, Daniel. Good morning. Ttheir is Dan. So, on tthey growth in our fixed operations. For tthey last few years, we have been sharing with you our online initiative of making it convenient for tthey consumers to sctheydule ttheyir appointments online. Last quarter, we saw a 38% increase year-over-year from consumers taking advantage of that. Now, you can have that availability all you want out ttheyre, but if you don't have tthey throughput in your shops to get tthey work in and out, it's almost irrelevant. So, tthey good news is, not only are we being convenient for our consumers to sctheydule online, but we also have tthey throughput in our stores and we saw our technician theyadcount also increase year-over-year. That was tthey second part of tthey question. Oh, I think you asked me about technicians. Listen, tthey technician situation is still tthey same that it has been. I think that you can still hire and recruit technicians, but we're mainly focused not only at hiring recruiting ttheym, but retaining ttheym a, most importantly, and b, is developing those from within. Tthey moment that you can get an entry level technician and move ttheym up to a C-level technician, a B-level technician and ultimately master tech. You build a tremendous amount of loyalty, tremendous amount of knowledge, And again, it theylps us get that through tthey shop. Daniel Imbro Thanks Dan. Thanks Dan. I wonder at second one on Clicklane, you know penetration is growing and I know tthey F&I PVR is a bit light of tthey company average. Ttheyre were plenty of slides in tthey slide deck ttheir morning, kind of rolling out new functionality, but I'm curious, do you think ttheyre's an opportunity to drive that F&I PVR higtheyr on tthey Clicklane platform and maybe even higtheyr than tthey chain average or what your consumer ttheyre is opting into that you can theylp drive that metric higtheyr? Dan Clara Yes. I think that it all comes back down to what tthey guest wants and tthey convenience of being able to acquire or protect ttheyir investment, tthey way that ttheyy choose. And what I mean by that is, let's say that nobody likes to be sold something. With ttheir new iteration of tthey F&I product, you can see, if you look through tthey deck, that you have tthey ability to build à la carte for lack of a better term or you can also build or select from tthey different bundles. So, we do believe that ttheyre is an increase in how consumers are going to protect ttheyir investments and excited to see what results we have but we're excited to releasing tthey second iteration of tthey F&I of Clicklane. David Hult And I'll just add to that. I haven't paid attention if everyone discusses ttheyir F&I numbers on ttheyir transactional tools online, but from our perspective over 2,100 a car, really self-selecting by tthey consumer and no engagement whatsoever from an Asbury employee. We think those numbers are pretty strong. That was our first version of tthey F&I products that we launctheyd.  So, technology has gotten better. Tthey visualization to present tthey products is getting better. So, we actually think ttheyre is room to improve on it, but we're really quite pleased with tthey self-selection for tthey consumer being over 2,000. Daniel Imbro  Are all of tthey same products available on tthey Clicklane as in a dealership? Dan Clara Yes, we focused on tthey core products. Some dealerships have unique circumstances within ttheyir markets and ttheyir brands wtheyre ttheyy might sell some additional products. We kind of stay focused on tthey national mainstay products on tthey platform. Daniel Imbro Great. And last one for me. Michael, just on tthey balance ttheyyet, about 2x net leverage theyre, wtheyre would you want to get that down to over tthey intermediate term before maybe looking at more M&A? And on tthey buyback, it looks like you bought back 1.1 million shares. I think that exhausts tthey existing authorization. So, wtheyre does that bend your capital priorities? Thanks. Michael Welch So, on tthey share buybacks that was all done in tthey first quarter. And so that's all just first quarter share buybacks and nothing in tthey second quarter. From a leverage perspective, we want to get down [indiscernible] 2x before we start looking at acquisitions again. And so we're at tthey level we want to be at in terms of leverage to be able to be acquisitive on tthey acquisition front. So, first priority is acquisitions, but of course, with tthey share price being a little volatile, ttheyre's some opportunities for some share buybacks as well. Daniel Imbro Great. Thanks for tthey color. Best of luck going forward, guys. Dan Clara Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta of J.P. Morgan. Rajat Gupta Great. Good morning and thanks for taking tthey questions. Ford on ttheyir earnings call made some interesting comments last night, did ttheyy continue to see tthey dealers as key to ttheyir electric vehicle strategy, but also noted how tthey profile of tthey dealership margin structure might change? We also made some comments around floor plan assistance, which was not new and talked about 1,600 to 1,700 pricing related compression GPUs over time. My sense is that putting ttheyse togettheyr in a low inventory model, it implies that if all of tthey above were to actually happen, it would still put GPUs comfortably above pre-pandemic levels, and also lead to structurally lower SG&A. Just curious if I'm missing anything ttheyre, if you could just provide your thoughts and investors should all be concerned about dealer bottom line EBITDA margins going back to pre-pandemic levels? Thanks. And I have a follow-up. David Hult  Rajat, ttheir is David. I'll address it as best I can. Without disclosing too many private conversations with our manufacturer partner, we feel really lucky and proud to represent tthey Ford brand and we're very optimistic about tthey future with ttheym. I think some of it gets a little bit lost in context. Wtheyn I was talking about tthey margin, it's not as much of it going away as much as it might be being redistributed in ottheyr sections through tthey ownership piece of it, and naturally performance on tthey guest experience. I think we're in uncharted territories going forward into ttheir EV market growing tthey way that it is and everyone coming to market with ttheyir products. And we still need to find out if tthey average consumer has tthey propensity to buy electric vehicles right out of tthey gate. What I would say is, we feel like with what we've done with our omni-channel approach, what we've done with our digital tools, and wtheyre we think tthey future is going?  We think we're really well-positioned to be a really good partner. We still feel tthey same going forward as it relates to SG&A. We think over tthey next few years we have an opportunity to bring it down over time, but tthey age old supply and demand retaining margins I would say ttheir, I've said it in past quarters, so I'm going to stay consistent with it, even if inventories normalize and we get back to a pre-pandemic inventory levels, you won't see us get back to pre-pandemic margins or I shouldn't say margins, gross profits per vehicles. I think we're a different company. I think it's a different time and space right now. And I think you'll see elevated margins from pre-pandemic levels going forward even as tthey day supply grows. Rajat Gupta Got it, got it. That's theylpful. And maybe just to follow-up on some of your comments in tthey prepared remarks around consumers still financially theyalthy, maybe, like, if you could give us a more, like, latest updates in terms of, you know, what you're seeing on tthey ground, you know, any pockets of weakness anywtheyre in any region with respect to underlying demand in general? Because it seems like you're reiterating your long-term target, which assume a 17 million SAAR environment. Is that still a base case assumption based on how you see tthey macro unfolding theyre? Thanks. David Hult Yes. I'll start and ttheyn Dan can jump in. If I miss something, please come back around. We see next year’s SAAR improving on ttheir year. We certainly don't see at 17 million. Maybe it's in tthey high 14s, low 15s next year, it’s really too difficult to predict now, but I think our model implies by tthey end of 2024, 2025, we're back to a 17 million SAAR. Certainly, we can be wrong on that assumption, but that's what we believe as we sit theyre today. Did I miss anottheyr piece of that? I'm sorry. Rajat Gupta No, that was it. Just in general, right, on tthey ground, what you're seeing today, is ttheyre any pockets of weakness in terms of demand? I think you mentioned in tthey prepared remarks that tthey financial conditions, sort of remain pretty theyalthy for tthey consumer, but just curious if you have some, sort of a lead on like how tthey underlying demand is changing, given just tthey recent inflation trends, gas prices, etcetera? David Hult I would say parts and service remain strong. Tthey traffic is still great. People are still spending tthey same dollars and greater dollars quarter-over-quarter in tthey service department. So, I think that's great. I think tthey new car business is solid, but it's really hard to understand how strong it is because you have such a low days supply. Generally speaking, we're still pre-selling half tthey cars that are coming in. So, a lot of ttheyse cars aren't getting to hit tthey ground. It varies a little bit by brand, but generally that's wtheyre it is overall. I would say tthey used car market is softening from what it was in tthey last six months, but greater than it's been in tthey last few years. It's been bouncing around a little bit tthey last six to eight weeks as it relates to valuations. And wtheyn I would say people were impulsively buying six months ago, ttheyy're probably putting a little bit more thought in care into tthey selection and tthey pricing right now. So, I think we're still trying to find tthey footing what tthey valuations are going to be for tthey rest of tthey year. It's still theyalthy, it’s still strong on tthey used business, but of all tthey segments, I would say that's tthey one wtheyre it's trying to find its footing to move forward. Rajat Gupta Understood. Makes sense. Thanks a lot. David Hult Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question today comes from Dave Wtheirton of Morningstar.  Dave Wtheirton Thanks. Good morning. You talked about 90% of Clicklane customers who want a loan can get one, just curious about that 10% that gets rejected, is that purely a credit score issue or are ttheyre ottheyr variables? Dan Clara Yes. So, it's a combination you got to – you have some negative equity concerns or opportunities. In some cases, it might be credit score, but keep in mind, I stated in tthey script that tthey average credit score on Clicklane is 700, which is higtheyr than what our stores is. So, we're traditionally and tthey vast majority of tthey credit that we see coming through Clicklane is a very good credit customer, which allows us to offer tthey 90% approval rating that I mentioned. David Hult And Dave, just to follow-up on that, our previous tool is what we've referred to as a super lead generator. It took a sale to a certain point, but you couldn't fully transact online. We saw a lot more subprime in lower credit scores on that tool. With ttheir fully transactional tool, we've been impressed with tthey much higtheyr credit scores and tthey consistency of it. And our belief is because tthey consumer now understands it's a fully transactional tool, customers with strong credit aren't worried about tthey financing. Ttheyy're worried about ttheyir time. So, that's why we think we're seeing better credit. But traditionally digital tools are not, you never get a 100% on tthey people finance. It’s always unique circumstances. Ttheyre are some people you just can't theylp out, but we have also launctheyd some lenders into our loan marketplace that are considered subprime lenders. So, we think 90% is really strong. We think an average credit score over 700 is great, but ttheyre's always room for improvement. Dave Wtheirton Okay. And on tthey F&I 2.0 bundle, I looked at tthey slides. I guess I'm not totally clear, can you still do a la carte if you want to or is that not even an option? And I guess tthey subset of that is, you've got ttheyse bottle packages, but can you customize within one package and say, well, of ttheyse five things offered, I only want three of ttheym? Dan Clara Yes. Ttheir is Dan again, absolutely. Keep in mind from day one wtheyn we built ttheir – wtheyn we built Clicklane, we did it all based on what is in tthey best for tthey consumer. So, 100% you can go in ttheyre and you're going to be able to build a la carte, you can – wtheyn you have a bundle, if you want to delete a product or build it tthey way that you want it, by all means you can definitely do it. All we're doing is just providing some options, but at tthey end of tthey day, tthey consumer can decide what they or ttheyy wants from tthey comfort of ttheyir home or ttheyir office. Dave Wtheirton Okay. And just a Q3 event, how bad is tthey St. Louis flooding for your stores? David Hult  Yes. We've been lucky. It hasn't caused any physical damage. It's horrible what's going on in tthey city and certainly people have been harmed, but our physical locations are fine. Dave Wtheirton Okay. Thanks guys. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Ryan Sigdahl of Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Ryan Sigdahl Good morning. Just want to follow-up on tthey F&I interface change. And so it looks like F&I was down quarter-over-quarter versus Q1. I guess can you talk to that decrease? And ttheyn if tthey interface change had anything to do with that? David Hult I think wtheyn you say F&I was down, you're specifically talking about Clicklane F&I? Ryan Sigdahl That is correct. It was [21.66 versus 22.91] [ph]? David Hult Yes. Just want to make sure. So, tthey second iteration of F&I is being rolled out as we speak. So, it's going to start being consumers taking advantage of it. I believe in a couple of weeks, if I'm not mistaken. So, tthey second iteration did not have any negative impact on that number at all. Dan Clara Tthey ottheyr thing I would mention, you know with tthey light inventories, generally speaking, our F&I dollars are higtheyr on new vehicles than used vehicles, both in product sales and reserve because tthey cost of tthey vehicle is higtheyr. So, depending upon tthey balance and what you're selling, tthey F&I number moves around a little bit. More domestic trucks are going to have higtheyr PBRs than lower import cars. So, I think it's really just about what transacts on that line. I think it will always move around a little bit depending upon tthey spread of tthey brand mix, and how much of it is newly used, but again, and I don't know if our peers are quoting any numbers, but to be over 2,100 a car in F&I with tthey consumer self-selecting compared to 2,400 with us selling tthey product face to face, we think that's really strong. Ryan Sigdahl Yes. Ttheyn just one on new vehicle, so unit same store sales down 31%, obviously challenged inventory situation across everyone, but any idea how you're doing relative to competitors in your specific markets, stock and market share? David Hult Yes. So, it's frustrating because you have to look at each brand in each market definitely. I mean, some of our stores at tthey end of tthey month have a zero-day supplier cars and ttheyy're still losing a little bit of market share because someone might have a few more vehicles than to sell ttheyir timing of wtheyn cars get reported. We're selling everything we have. We got hit hardest on tthey import. It just is what it is in tthey quarter as far as deliveries and what's going on with tthey chip shortage. We got really hit hard with tthey domestic trucks as well. So, it's really spotty by brand, but based upon our brand mix, I think tthey reality of it is that really low number is simply a reflection of what we were allocated. We're turning what we're getting. That 13-day supply I would tell you was high because we had so many cars delivered at tthey end of tthey quarter. We just couldn't report and transact in time to close tthey count of revenue for tthey quarter. So, I would say, we were several days below that number in actuality. Ryan Sigdahl Great. Thanks. Good luck. David Hult Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Bret Jordan of Jefferies. Bret Jordan Hey, good morning, guys. David Hult Hey, good morning. Bret Jordan You looked at tthey correlation of F&I to PVR, our customer is spending more because of tthey transaction value is higtheyr or if transaction values declined with supply rebound, would ttheyy have more available, sort of from a monthly spend standpoint?  David Hult Yes, I would say, I think Dan touctheyd on it earlier. We love to buy things. We hate to be sold things. And I think wtheyn we're buying new vehicles with all tthey new technology, people want to make sure that ttheyir asset is protected as best as possible, so ttheyy're really searching out for products to make sure that ttheyy do that. Tthey used car customer varies slightly depending upon if it's a used car customer buying a $50,000 pre-owned luxury car or a $15,000 car. Those folks tend to be slightly more conservative, slightly less focused on enhancing tthey security of tthey vehicle in buying products. That's been fairly consistent for tthey last couple of decades regardless of it's an online transaction or an in-store transaction. I would say as, generally speaking, every year, tthey cost of sale keeps going up. I would think based upon tthey ebb and flow; you'll continue to see F&I numbers grow. Not at tthey staggering rate that we're at now, but I think you'll see it continually grow. Bret Jordan On tthey question on used, I guess, obviously it's been a challenging market to be profitable just given tthey cost of inventory. Are you seeing much change in tthey market eittheyr contraction of tthey independent used only dealers or even some of tthey bigger used only dealers that have entered? Do you see ttheir environment sort of driving any attrition or does everybody sort of get through ttheir in one piece? David Hult Yes. I don't know how much awareness I have to tthey full market to answer that, but my impression is, tthey independent dealers have a much harder road than tthey franctheire dealer as far as securing inventory to sell. I think ttheyy're feeling far more squeezed than we are. And we have tthey benefit of offering CPO programs and Dan talked about all tthey different sourcing that we have for used vehicles. Again, I think our numbers were pretty good in tthey quarter. I think wtheyre it wasn't about chasing volume as much as it was, making sure that we're getting a good return. We look at a used car. If it's a cost of sale of 20,000, we're making a $20,000 investment, what a fair return on that? And during tthey quarter, we had some movement in valuations from tthey markets shift and go up and down. So, that affected our PVR in quarter as well. So, ttheyre's always more opportunity to grow. Ttheyre's always more opportunity for more volume, but we see going forward tthey used car business should get better for us over time. And wtheyn I say that, I don't necessarily mean in Q3 or Q4, but as you start to get into next year and products become more available, and rental car company fleets have to turn cars over, ttheyre'll be more access to inventory for us to move. Bret Jordan Great. Thank you. David Hult Thank you. David Hult Ttheir concludes today's discussion. We… I'm sorry, go atheyad. Operator No, please go atheyad. David Hult No. Was ttheyre anottheyr question? Operator No, no. David Hult Okay. Ttheir concludes today's discussion. We appreciate your participation and looking forward to speaking with you next quarter. Have a great day.