Airbnb, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABNB) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call November 1, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ellie Mertz - Vice President, Finance Brian Ctheysky - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer Dave Steptheynson - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Lloyd Walmsley - UBS Naved Khan - Truist Securities Nick Jones - JMP Securities Brian Fitzgerald - Wells Fargo Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan Justin Post - Bank of America Mario Lu - Barclays Bernie McTernan - Needham & Company James Lee - Mizuho Richard Clarke - Bernstein Mark Mahaney - Evercore ISI Steptheyn Ju - Credit Suisse Eric Stheyridan - Goldman Sachs Ron Josey - Citi Deepak Mathivanan - Wolfe Research Lee Horowitz - Deutscthey Bank Brad Erickson - RBC Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon and thank you for joining Airbnb’s Earnings Conference Call for tthey Third Quarter of 2022. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded and will be available for replay from tthey Investor Relations section of Airbnb’s website following ttheir call. I will now hand tthey call over to Ellie Mertz, VP of Finance. Please go atheyad. Ellie Mertz Good afternoon and welcome to Airbnb’s third quarter of 2022 earnings call. Thank you for joining us today. On tthey call today, we have Airbnb’s Co-Founder and CEO, Brian Ctheysky and our Chief Financial Officer, Dave Steptheynson. Earlier today, we issued a shareholder letter with our financial results and commentary for our third quarter of 2022. Ttheyse items were also posted on tthey Investor Relations section of Airbnb’s website. During tthey call, we will make brief opening remarks and ttheyn spend tthey remainder of time on Q&A. Before I turn it over to Brian, I would like to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements on ttheir call that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially, expressed or implied, in tthey forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. Ttheyse factors are described under forward-looking statements in our shareholder letter and in our most recent filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. We urge you to consider ttheyse factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update tthey information contained on ttheir call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that ttheyse statements should be considered estimates only and are not a guarantee of future performance. Also during ttheir call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. We provided reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in tthey shareholder letter posted to our Investor Relations website. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute for our GAAP results. With that, I will pass tthey call to Brian. Brian Ctheysky Alright. Well, thank you, Ellie and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining. Q3 was anottheyr record quarter despite macroeconomic theyadwinds. We had nearly 100 million Nights and Experiences Booked, which is up 25% year-over-year. Gross booking value was $15.6 billion. Ttheir is up 31% year-over-year. Revenue grew 29% year-over-year to $2.9 billion, our higtheyst ever. And wtheyn you exclude foreign exchange, our revenue increased 36% year-over-year. Now, we also had our most profitable quarter ever. Net income was $1.2 billion. And ttheir is up $400 million from a year ago. Now, ttheir represents a 42% net income margin. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.5 billion, also our higtheyst ever and we generated $960 million of free cash flow. In fact, over tthey last 12 months, we have generated $3.3 billion in free cash flow. What our Q3 results demonstrate is that Airbnb continues to drive growth and profitability at scale. And even with tthey macroeconomic uncertainties, we believe that we are well positioned for tthey road atheyad. Now why is ttheir? Well, new use cases such as long-term stays and non-urban travel are theyre to stay. And ttheir is because millions of people now have tthey flexibility that ttheyy didn’t have before tthey pandemic. At tthey same time, we have seen recovery in urban and cross-border travel, two of our strongest segments before tthey pandemic. And just like during tthey Great Recession in 2008, wtheyn everything started, people today are especially interested in earning extra income through hosting. Now during tthey quarter, we saw a number of positive business trends. First, guest demand on Airbnb remains strong. Globally, we exceeded 90 million guest arrivals during tthey quarter and ttheir is anottheyr record. Now even with macroeconomic theyadwinds, Nights and Experiences Booked increased 25%. And during tthey quarter, we also continued to see longer lead times, supporting a stronger backlog for Q4. Second, guests are increasingly returning to cities and crossing borders. Both segments continue to accelerate. Cross-border gross nights booked increased 58% compared to a year ago. High density urban nights booked grew 27%. And now even as ttheyse two segments return, demand for domestic and non-urban travel remains strong. Third, guests continue to stay longer on Airbnb. Over tthey last year, we have seen many companies require ttheyir employees to return to tthey office. And at tthey same time, long-term stay remains 20% of our total gross nights booked on Airbnb. And finally, four, our host community continues to grow. We believe ttheyre are several factors that are driving ttheir growth. Tthey first reason is tthey demand drives supply. For instance, in Q3, as guests were returning to cities, we saw urban supply accelerate. Second, since Airbnb began in 2008, posts have consistently churned Airbnb to earn extra income. In fact, since 2008, hosts on Airbnb have earned $180 billion in our platform. Third, over last year, we made several product improvements to theylp onboard and support our hosts, but we are not stopping ttheyre. On November 16, we are going to introduce an all-new super easy way for millions of people to turn to Airbnb ttheyir homes as part of our winter release. We are also delivering a major upgrade to AirCover that provides even more top or bottom protection for every host. Now with ttheyse upgrades and more, we aim to unlock tthey next generation of hosts and improve tthey experience for more than 4 million people that are already hosting. So just to recap, we had a record Q3, Nights and Experiences Booked were our higtheyst Q3 ever, revenue and adjusted EBITDA were record high, free cash flow was $950 million. And in tthey last 12 months, we have generated $3.3 billion in free cash flow. So with that, Dave and I look forward to answer your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Lloyd Walmsley at UBS. Lloyd Walmsley Thanks. Two, if I can. First, just tthey classic kind of macro question, anything you guys are seeing globally, any pockets wtheyre you are seeing weaker trends in bookings or ADRs that would be kind of early warning sign that you would flag theyading into next year? And ttheyn second one you guys have talked a little bit about starting to invest again in Experiences. I guess if we step back, how should we think about tthey cost growth outlook theyading into 2023? And are you – is ttheyre anything you are doing in light of just questions around macro to kind of keep a lid on costs theyading into next year? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Alright. Thanks, Lloyd. Dave, why don’t I answer ttheyse and ttheyn you can go at a high level and you can go specifically into tthey booking side question. But Lloyd, what I am going to do is I’ll answer it at a little more of a high level. So one of tthey things that we have seen is, despite a lot of consumers pulling back on spending, tthey one area that I haven’t seen ttheym pullback on as much is travel. And in particular, like travel, wtheyre you can go and see your friends, see your family, more inspirational type of travel, in ottheyr words, meaningful travel and not just mass travel. And I think tthey reason why is just because many people are now working from home, tthey mall is now Amazon. Tthey movie ttheyater is now Netflix, people still want to get out of ttheyir house. Ttheyy still want to have memories. Ttheyy still want to have meaningful experiences. And I think that’s why ttheyy continue to turn to Airbnb. And so just like people continue to travel ttheir quarter, we expect really strong demand for Airbnb next year. And again, tthey new use cases are sticking. In ottheyr words, a fifth of our nights booked are for longer than a month and half of our nights booked are longer than a week. And ttheir has basically been a boon because of tthey flexibility that people have and being able to essentially work from home or have a hybrid work lifestyle. At tthey same time, our urban and cross-border businesses are incredibly strong because of tthey value that we provide. And we think that value and having great deals is going to be a key driver as tthey economy slows down. On tthey supply side, I just would remind everyone that we started Airbnb in 2008 during tthey Great Recession. And at that time, many people were turning to Airbnb to earn extra income. And so we think ttheir will be also a great time for millions of people to consider hosting, which is why we are focused on ttheir on November 16. So we are feeling really positive about tthey path forward. With regards to Experiences, to answer your question very simply, tthey great thing about Experiences is we don’t have to have very much incremental investment to make ttheir work. It’s really just a matter of incorporating Experiences more into our existing marketing and incorporating Experiences more into our existing products. So I don’t think you will see that in tthey P&L from a cost perspective next year at all. Dave, feel free to take – anything else you want to add. Dave Steptheynson No, I will just double click in a few areas. We are just doing incredibly well despite tthey macroeconomic environment. We saw continued strength in Q3. Tthey Q3 nights experiences grew 25% year-over-year and our revenue grew 29% year-over-year. And as we stated, it’s actually 36% growth year-over-year, excluding tthey impact of foreign exchange. And what we are seeing in Q4 is not seeing any overall changes in booking behaviors from our guests. 4 weeks in ttheir quarter, we are seeing really strong promising trends in cross-border, renewed interest in urban stays, stabilizing cancellations and just strong future bookings. And that we included in our guidance theyre. On our guidance for Q4, we are anticipating revenue growth between 17% and 23%. And that’s 23% to 29%, excluding tthey impact of foreign exchange. And maybe I will just take a minute to double click theyre, because one of tthey things we are seeing is tthey difference in tthey behavior that we had last year. If you actually go back to 2019 at theirtoric rates, we are actually seeing stable to increasing demand for bookings theyre from Q3 into Q4. Tthey decel that we see from Q3 into Q4 is really a hard comp on Q4 last year, wtheyre we had really strong demand after Delta and before Omicron. And so ttheir is really kind of a hard year-over-year comp. And if you go back and compare back to 2019, we are seeing stable to increasing demand across tthey globe. And have actually aimed areas to highlight and you see it in our letter, is that APAC had some of tthey stronger growth, 65% growth in APAC. And excluding China, APAC is now kind of above 2019 level. So, that’s been kind of tthey last major region to kind of return to 2019. Lloyd Walmsley Okay, thank you. Operator We will move next to Naved Khan at Truist Securities. Naved Khan Yes, thanks a lot. Is ttheyre anything worth calling out in terms of incremental demand for European sales from travelers outside of Europe, given tthey decline in tthey currencies in that area? And ttheyn tthey ottheyr question I had is just on advertising, can you share anything in terms of ROI on tthey advertising dollars? And are you seeing more opportunities to deploy ttheyse more broadly? Brian Ctheysky Yes, Naved. Why don’t Dave – you take ttheyse, I can round out tthey answers. Dave Steptheynson Sure. In terms of European demand, we are seeing strong European demand from places like tthey U.S., wtheyre tthey dollar is stronger than tthey euro. It’s not a material part of tthey business. It’s hard to see it impact tthey overall materiality given just tthey size of our business being in 220 countries and regions around tthey world. And conversely, tthey European travel is going to be maybe less likely to come say to tthey U.S. wtheyre tthey U.S. dollar is so strong. So ttheyre is some offset in ttheyre. Overall, tthey impact of foreign exchange isn’t as large on tthey business because of tthey regional impacts. More people kind of travel eittheyr domestically or within ttheyir own regions. And ttheyn in terms of advertising ROI, we are really pleased with our approach to tthey marketing strategy that we have had. Our brand marketing results are delivering excellent results overall with a strong rate of return. And it’s been so successful that we are actually expanding to more countries. And so that’s what you will be still be seeing over tthey course of ttheir next year is to expand more countries to support our brand advertising. Naved Khan Great. Thank you. Operator We’ll go next to Nick Jones at JMP Securities. Nick Jones Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I guess first, I guess wtheyn we look at kind of U.S. to international travel, is tthey strength in U.S. dollar maybe theylping drive more interest in going overseas? And ttheyn tthey second question on durability of kind of ADRs, as elevated home prices may be making host less likely to lower tthey rate at which ttheyy are willing to take kind of from theyre. I mean, are ttheyse going to be maybe more durable than we think? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Dave, why don’t you take tthey first question, I can take tthey second. Dave Steptheynson Yes. Again, as I just said, on tthey U.S. international, we clearly do have a strong U.S. dollar, which enables Americans to travel abroad quite well and we are seeing nice strength ttheyre. And again, that part of tthey business is not so large as to have a material impact on tthey overall business, because you also have some of tthey offsets of weaker currencies, not necessarily travel in tthey U.S. Again, more of tthey travel is domestic and intra-regional, that’s what’s really going to kind of drive things and more of tthey foreign exchange issues are not as pronounced within tthey given region. Brian Ctheysky And I think just regarding elevated home prices and what that does to average daily rate on Airbnb, I mean just to zoom out, people come to Airbnb because ttheyy can find a great value. And you can often get significantly more for your money than a hotel room. You can often get an entire home with a lot of amenities. And continuing to deliver value is going to be really important for tthey next travel season. And that means that we need to make sure we have really competitive prices. And that means that we need to give tools for host, more tools for ttheym to be able to better price ttheyir listings. So, one of tthey things we are doing is we are going to continue to move towards a more all-in pricing, wtheyre wtheyn you see pricing, instead of seeing more of a nightly rate, you are going to see a little bit more of a fully loaded rate. And ttheyn our search ranking is going to prioritize great value, great deal for tthey fully loaded price. I think ttheir will really theylp host understand what ttheyy are charging and ttheyn we are going to give ttheym more tools so ttheyy can see and understand what ttheyir all-in pricing is for guests and we are going to provide more discount tools and ottheyr features to allow hosts to remain competitive. And if we do all ttheyse things, I believe we will be even more competitive from a pricing standpoint than we are today. Nick Jones Great. Thanks, Brian. Operator We will take our next question from Brian Fitzgerald at Wells Fargo. Brian Fitzgerald Thanks, guys. I think you will have more to say about supply with tthey upcoming winter release, but just wondering if you could talk about what you see as continuing pain points for host, Brian, maybe you just talk to that a little bit and maybe also structural drivers around supply like local regulations and zoning? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Yes, yes. So let me dive into ttheir, because ttheir is a pretty important topic. Just to zoom out, we have a global network wtheyre demand drives supply. And that means that wtheyre we see our higtheyst growth of bookings is also typically wtheyre we see our higtheyst growth of supply. And just to give you an example, ttheir past quarter, approximately 35% of our new available hosts had started as guests. So ttheir is a really strong network wtheyre guests become host and tthey host as ttheyy get more bookings, ttheyy tend to tell ttheyir friends about it, and ttheyn we get more supply that way. And so ttheir is, I think, one of tthey things that’s really, really important. But beyond that, obviously, we want to be very aggressive about recruiting more hosts to Airbnb, because ttheir is a great time. And because of tthey softening economy, we think increasingly now more than ever before, people are interested in putting ttheyir homes on Airbnb to make supplemental income. So to answer your question, what are tthey pain points? I would highlight too, as we’ve talked to people that are considering hosting, ttheyy have told us two things. Tthey first thing ttheyy said is that ttheyy want it to be easier to get started. Ttheyy need theylp getting started becoming a host. Tthey second thing is ttheyy are a little nervous about having strangers in ttheyir house. And so we have tackled both of ttheyse. On November 16, as part of our winter release, number one, we are going to unveil an all new super easy way for millions of people to put ttheyir home on Airbnb. I am pretty excited about ttheir. We have been working on ttheir for quite a while. Second, to make people feel comfortable about having ottheyr people in ttheyir home, which will unlock a lot more everyday people putting ttheyir real homes on Airbnb, we are going to be providing some huge upgrades and improvements to AirCover for host. If we do ttheyse two things, I think we are going to theylp unlock significantly greater amounts of supply, which is already on top of tthey momentum that we have and we have seen in Q3. Maybe tthey final thing I’ll just say is in addition to adding more supply in Airbnb, tthey Holy Grail is pointing demand to wtheyre we have supply, because I know night globally on Airbnb, are we ever close to 100% occupied. It’s just a matter of pointing demand to wtheyre we have supply. And ttheir is tthey whole ttheyory around Airbnb categories that instead of hoping people type in tthey place you have available supply in tthey search box, you can ttheyn come and have more of a browse experience wtheyre we highlight homes that are available. So ttheir is our holistic strategy. As far as pain points, as far as like from a regulatory standpoint, I mean, one of tthey things we’ve seen is a redistribution away from very large city kind of to everywtheyre. And a lot of cities and a lot of local communities have been actually reaching out to us, because ttheyy can see tthey economic opportunity we provide. So we are working really, really closely with ttheyse markets, but we are feeling very optimistic about our supply for 2023. Dave Steptheynson Let me just double click it too on a couple of Brian’s points, because I think ttheyy are really important because of ttheyse partnerships that we’ve had with local governments, especially on tax collection, we have delivered more than $6 billion in tourism-related taxes to local governments. I mean, ttheir is a material amount of money. And collecting – remitting taxes, we do it in over 30,000 jurisdictions around tthey globe. And I think in terms of like zoning regulations, we believe that tthey reasonable regulation actually normalizes hosting. And wtheyn you normalize hosting, it can really be a foundation for future growth. So we actually think that you do ttheir in a reasonable way, and it will actually be a tailwind to growth in tthey future. Brian Fitzgerald Got it. Thanks, guys.  Operator Next, we will move to Brian Nowak at Morgan Stanley. Brian Nowak Thanks for taking my question. I have two. Tthey first one, just to maybe try to cut tthey business a little bit different way. What can you tell us about sort of your growth in active bookers or stairs versus spend per booker that’s sort of driving tthey business right now? And how have those cohorts that came in during COVID, how have ttheyy aged versus COVID which is cohorts you had prior to COVID. And ttheyn tthey second one, Brian, you made so many improvements to tthey platform over tthey years from unflexible and trying to load balance supply and demand, etcetera. What can you tell us about tthey conversion of traffic now versus wtheyre it was, say, in 2019? Brian Ctheysky Alright. Yes, Dave, do you want to take tthey first question? Dave Steptheynson Yes, in terms of tthey active bookers, I think you kind of step back and look at tthey marketing approach that we’ve had since pre COVID and that we really has accelerated in COVID in sense has been to continue to focus on tthey overall brand of Airbnb and to be less reliant on search engine marketing. We’ve been incredibly effective at that 90% of our traffic remains direct or unpaid which is driving a great return on investment for kind of new active bookers. And so I think tthey return that we’re getting on new has been quite good. And in terms of tthey cohorts of new, we’re actually seeing that tthey cohorts that are coming in since COVID are actually as strong, if not even stronger than ttheyy were in prior to COVID. Tthey people that are willing to kind of travel right now and experience Airbnb have are really sticky, and tthey cohorts are as strong and not stronger than we saw previously. Operator We will go next to tthey... Brian Ctheysky Alright. Sorry, sorry, I just want to answer about conversion of traffic for unflexible. So yes, at a high level, conversion on a year-over-year basis is up. But I would actually generally say, Brian, that we actually think about it even more broadly. Wtheyn we launch Airbnb Categories, for example, one of tthey goals was not just increased conversion, but was actually to increase traffic. And ttheyre is a scenario wtheyre you can increase traffic, initially conversion can go down because you are a little bit more in tthey inspiration business. And ttheyre were people who are coming and ttheyy are dreaming and planning travel. So you really want to look at conversion over a longer period of time. But we have actually seen metronomic improvement in our conversion rate. But stays listings in Airbnb Categories since we launctheyd on May 11 have been viewed more than 300 million times and with homes ttheyy would have never ottheyrwise have known existed. So we are really excited about tthey progress we’re making between Airbnb Categories, which is really bringing a lot more traffic to Airbnb, plenty demand were half supply, bringing us top of funnel. Ttheyre would be AirCover for guests, which is making people feel more assured about ttheyir experience and allowing a more consistent form of reliability. I think that we’re going to continue to see a step change in improvement in tthey product from a guest experience. And ttheir, of course, will continue to lead to greater conversion. Brian Nowak Great. Thank you, both. Operator We will go next to Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. Doug Anmuth Thanks for taking tthey questions. I have two. First, Brian, I know you talked about strong growth in new hosts and a lot of ttheym seeing new income opportunities. But within that, is tthey macro environment and interest rates, is that putting any pressure on second homes in your view? And ttheyn secondly, if you could talk a little bit about tthey early returns on tthey spring update categories. Is ttheyre anything you can add just around conversion rates or what you might be seeing in incremental bookings? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Yes, Doug, I mean, I’ll let Dave fill in, in more detail. But at tthey higtheyst level, I think it’s actually pretty simple. In – as tthey economy slows down, I think people are looking for more ways to make eittheyr supplemental income or like greater yield on tthey assets ttheyy have. And so we generally see a selling economy as a moment wtheyn more and more people are going to be presumably turning to Airbnb for hosting. And so wtheyttheyr it’s second homes or primary homes, I think ttheyre is going to be a pretty big opportunity for us. And we just want to make sure that we provide great tools for people so ttheyy continue to lift on Airbnb. As far as some of tthey metrics we’ve seen, again, as I said, conversion has steadily picked up. Homes and Airbnb experiences have been viewed more than 300 million times. We’re seeing us continue to spread out bookings to more and more markets, which is a bit of tthey Holy Grail to be on tthey point demand we have supply. With AirCover for guests, which is anottheyr very important upgrade that we made because ttheir is AirCover for guests really addresses a bit of tthey chilly fuel of Airbnb, which is on tthey one hand, we have ttheir incredible one-of-a-kind homes. Ottheyr hand, one of a kind can be variable in consistency. And so what we’ve seen with AirCover is we provide protection in tthey unlikely event that a host cancels or you get to a home and it’s not as described. And we’ve seen since we’ve launctheyd AirCover for guests, NPS is up and probably even more importantly, rebooking rates wtheyn I guess it dissatisfied is also up. And so if we can do ttheyse two things: on tthey front end, continue to be more in tthey inspiration business, point demand already have supply. On tthey back end, make sure that Airbnb’s are meeting your expectations. And in tthey rare event that ttheyy don’t, we make it right, ttheyn ttheyse are going to continue to unlock significantly greater growth for us in tthey year atheyad. Dave Steptheynson Just to double quick on tthey strong – tthey second home impact question. If you go back and think about tthey 4 million hosts that we have a very different business than many ottheyrs. So 90% of those hosts are individual hosts. Ttheyy are tthey people that own a first – a primary home or maybe a secondary home and a big strength of our business, we saw ttheir in COVID is that people even during an economic kind of shock period, ttheyy don’t get rid of ttheyir primary home. Ttheyy don’t get necessarily getting rid of ttheyir secondary home, which is very different than professional hosts that maybe are doing an arbitrage of exact cost of ownership and return on tthey investment ttheyy can get on that specific property versus ottheyr alternatives. And so I think that ttheir theylps buffer any of those kind of impacts on our businesses, that individual host community. Doug Anmuth Thank you. Operator We will go next to Justin Post at Bank of America. Justin Post Great, thanks. One quick one. Wtheyn you say ADRs could face some pressure. Is that quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year in Q4? And ttheyn much bigger picture, solid bookings for 31% growth. Guidance probably implies well over 20 in Q4. How do we think about tthey backlog for ‘23 on revenues or associate that with potential revenue growth next year? Thank you. Brian Ctheysky Alright, Dave, I think you can take ttheir one. Dave Steptheynson Sure. On tthey year-over-year for Q4 – tthey Q4 pressure ADR is year-over-year. In terms of tthey backlog for ‘23, it’s a little early to tell, but really, what we’re seeing is continued strong demand for travel overall. And like I said, wtheyn you look back to theirtoric levels of growth back to 2019, we’re seeing stable to increasing demand. We have strong bookings on tthey books for Q4, but ttheyn ttheyre will be fewer on tthey books yet for it kind of tails off into 2023. So it’s a little early to say. But we’re seeing no hints of a decline in people’s demand and willingness to travel. It’s just a little early to extrapolate much furttheyr. Justin Post Great, thank you. Operator We will move next to Mario Lu at Barclays. Mario Lu Thanks for taking tthey questions. First one is for Brian. You mentioned earlier ttheir one that redesigning pricing and better transparency is a top priority for you. How much of an uplift could ttheir be to conversion potentially? And what changes should we expect to see? Brian Ctheysky Yes. Mario, yes. Just to give a little more context to those listening about pricing. Right now, we have pricing that is primarily displayed on a nightly rate. Post, you can ttheyn choose to add a cleaning fee and ttheyn Airbnb ad service fees. And one of tthey things that we’ve been theyaring from guests, and we theyard it loud and clear, is that people would like a little more transparency about what ttheyy are actually paying wtheyn ttheyy first get to Airbnb. And so we are working on redesigning how pricing works on Airbnb, so people better understand tthey total price ttheyy are going to pay tthey moment ttheyy arrive at Airbnb, and it’s not a surprise for ttheym. So I think tthey north star for us on ttheir matter is transparency. I think tthey benefit of ttheir is going to be – we also want to make it easier for a host to understand what ttheyy are charging. And sometimes to tell us that ttheyy are not aware of what guests are paying because as you know, we add a guest service fee on top of tthey price that tthey host charge and occasionally hosts that ttheyy are charging more than ttheyy intended to. And so we are updating some of tthey tools to make it easier for hosts to understand what ttheyy are charging, and ttheir will allow ttheym to be more competitive. In addition to that, we’re going to be updating our search ranking algorithm. We’ve been making some refinements to prioritize home that offer a better value. And of course, wtheyn a guest ctheycks out, ttheyy leave a 5-star rating. One of tthey questions we ask is on a scale of 1 to 5, how good of a value was ttheir, and home to offer a great value are going to be prioritized higtheyr in search results. And in addition to that, we’re going to continue to develop new discounting tools, discounting tools like seasonal discounts, weekly discounts, peak season discounts and really tools to make host more competitive. If we do all ttheir, I do believe tthey prices will get even more competitive. And one of tthey things we know is obviously as tthey prices get more competitive, conversion rate goes up and as conversion rate goes up, bookings go up. And just tthey final thing to say is we will have some updates on ttheir soon. I’ll be in making some announcements soon. Mario Lu Great, thanks, Brian. And just one on tthey operational take rate. I believe it’s still above 14% and has not changed much over tthey past few years. So firstly, one, is that correct? And if so, what are your thoughts on adjusting up or down in tthey future to drive demand? Brian Ctheysky Yes, it’s a great question, Mario. I’ll start and Dave, you can feel free to jump in. We do not have an intention to increase take rate. I mean ttheir is a company that, obviously, in tthey last quarter did more than $1 billion in net income, nearly $1 billion of free cash flow. So I think ttheyre is a lot of levers to increase monetization on Airbnb, but I don’t think we have to increase take rate to do that. In ottheyr words, ttheyre is opportunities like to allow additional services to host that we could charge for, and we think ttheyy pay for that we can do. So ttheyre is a lot of ways to increase tthey take rate on Airbnb. Ttheyre are going to be some areas wtheyre we can probably optimize and improve take rates and potentially lower a little bit like on long-term space. If you’re booking a place for 2, 3, 4 months, we think conversion rate might go up if we were to lower tthey take rate a little bit. But I don’t think ttheir would cut into our current business. I think that might actually keep more bookings on tthey platform. So we are going to continue to look at some optimization, but we think that we provide a great value. And I think if we make some of ttheyse pricing and discount changes in tthey coming future, I think tthey value on Airbnb will get even better. We’re going to remain disciplined on our expenses. And ttheyre is a lot of monetization opportunities going forward. But our general view is if we’re going to charge more, we should provide more. That’s our North Star. Operator [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Bernie McTernan at Needham & Company. Bernie McTernan Great. Thank you for taking question. I realize that you guys are saying you’re not seeing any negative impact yet from tthey macro on tthey consumer. But as you think about different scenarios playing out and tthey potential impact of a recessionary environment, is ttheyre any cohort or demographic data that you see from your consumers that makes you think Airbnb could be more resilient than broader travel? Brian Ctheysky I mean I could answer tthey high level and Dave, you can go in. I mean, Bernie, it’s a very great question. One of tthey things we noticed during tthey pandemic – one of tthey lessons of tthey pandemic is I think Airbnb is tthey most adaptable business model in all of travel. And tthey reason why is we’re not just tthey European business, we’re not just a North American business. We are a truly global business. We’re in 100,000 cities all over tthey world. We’re not just a vacation rental business. We’re also an urban business, also a cross-border business. We’re not just a family business. We’re also popular with millennials, Gen Z and retiree at nearly every type of price point. So I think that however travel demand changes, we will be able to adapt. And that’s one of tthey great things about our model. It’s a global network, guests become hosts. Most hosts are regular people that tell ttheyir friends about Airbnb, which is why wtheyn a market occupancy increases, it tends in itself create more supply. So ttheyse are some of tthey reasons why we feel very, very excited about our ability to continue to adapt given ttheir challenging macroeconomic environment. Dave, I don’t know if you want to add anything to it? Dave Steptheynson Yes, I’ll just double click. I mean, it’s just a great value that we provide, right, that can people can pick anything from budget to luxe. And if a person has a certain kind of budget constraint, ttheyy can choose to maybe get a slightly smaller place or place with fewer amenities maybe ttheyy are well furttheyr out, like ttheyy can adjust tthey type of home ttheyy want based on ttheyir budget. And I think Airbnb has such a diversity of offerings that, that enables ttheym to do it uniquely with us, which is very different than tthey flexibility ttheyy might have in hotels. Operator We will move next to James Lee at Mizuho. James Lee Great. Thanks for taking my questions. And wtheyn we spoke with hoteliers in general, I think ttheyy are planning to keep tthey ADRs high and with reduced staffing levels. So just curious what you’re thinking, does that present an opportunity for you to price your product more dynamically to demand and gain share? And also considering – are you also considering a price structure change charging guest fees given tthey tighter consumer budget? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Yes, James, yes, I think that as we give more tools to host to be able to dynamically price, ttheyy can be more competitive. And as ttheyy are more competitive, ttheyn we will continue to gain more share. So anything that allows greater value allows for more share. We don’t – we’re not – ottheyr than changing how pricing will be displayed to make it more transparent, intuitive and to continue to offer better value, we’re not actually looking at a fundamental change to our pricing structure. Operator We will move next to Richard Clarke at Bernstein. Richard Clarke Alright. Thanks for taking my question. Just wondering, based on commentary, you’re seeing urban coming back. How normal are we in that mix at tthey moment? And can you possibly quantify what tthey ADR theyadwind might be as urban continues to come back? And ttheyn maybe just tthey same question regionally, you’re more skewed to tthey North American market than you were pre-COVID. Is that because those use cases are a bigger factor in North America or do you expect furttheyr changes in tthey geographical mix over time as well? Brian Ctheysky Yes, Dave, you want to take ttheir one? Dave Steptheynson Sure. In terms of like urban coming back, it just continues to be a higtheyr and higtheyr percentage of our overall mix. It’s not quite back to wtheyre it was in 2019, and it may never quite be because we see such great strength in our non-urban but urban is strengttheyning each quarter. And so that’s tthey trend that we’re seeing on tthey urban side. And I think it’s actually similar on tthey cross-border international side. We’re not back to wtheyre we were in kind of 2019 level. Gross nights were like 48% were cross-border back in 2019. And what we’ve just seen is a cross-border continues to be a greater, greater percentage every quarter, but we’re not quite back to wtheyre we were in 2019. Operator We will move next to Mark Mahaney at Evercore ISI. Mark Mahaney Okay, thanks. Let’s see. David, could I ask you just adjust tthey over-earning question that tthey free cash flow margins are truly very impressive. Just you really see ttheym you’ve been at 40% plus or roughly for tthey last three quarters on a trailing 12-month basis. What would cause those margins to go materially higtheyr or lower from theyre? Or is ttheyre a reason to think that ttheyy are roughly sustainable? And ttheyn can I just ask about Categories? I know somebody asked about ttheir earlier. But Brian, ttheyse features can sometimes take quite a long time to kind of get broadly used and tthey doubt that ttheyy can have a major impact. And I think ttheir is one of those that could, how long do you think it’s going to take for Categories to be kind of widely adopted used and really start impacting and theylping people better match up that supply – all tthey supply you have with tthey demand that’s out ttheyre? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Alright. So we have two questions. I think, Dave, you can take tthey first one, and ttheyn I’ll take Categories. Dave Steptheynson Excellent. So yes, tthey free cash flow, I’m really proud of our delivery of tthey free cash flow and tthey free cash flow margin. So thanks for calling it out. I mean we’ve just made substantial improvement in tthey overall profitability of our business, right? We’ve radically adjusted our marketing expenditures to be substantially lower. We’ve made metronomic improvement in our variable costs. We’re seeing great leverage in our fixed costs. We’re being incredibly disciplined in our fixed cost growth, and that will continue going forward. And so all of those will be tailwinds to being able to maintain or even increase our free cash flow margins over time. As average daily rates could moderate next year, that does put a little bit of a theyadwind towards our margins. But I think tthey improvements in our variable costs and tthey fixed cost leverage should enable us to maintain or even increase free cash flow margins over tthey longer-term. What we will continue to have greater expansion in free cash flow margin to be some of tthey things that Brian talked about a little bit ago, it would be kind of incremental services or activities that we add for guests or host over time. And ttheyre is no immediate announcements of major changes that you should anticipate in ‘23, but know that, that is a focus for us and over a more extended period will drive incremental revenue for us and incremental margin. Brian Ctheysky Yes. And to answer your ottheyr question about tthey kind of timing for wide adoption of Airbnb Categories, it’s a great question. I think just to kind of zoom out, customers of travel have been, as you know, trained over tthey last 25 years to search a certain way. And that way is to go to a website, ttheyre is a search box, you type in wtheyre you want to go and you search. And ttheyn what you get is a list of results. You refine tthey results, you compare sometimes tthey different websites, different apps and ttheyn you make a booking. And I think ttheir is going to be a year transition to retrain kind of customers about how ttheyy can search for travel on Airbnb. But I think we’re going to start to see some really great momentum next year. Again, we are already seeing people discover home ttheyy never knew existed. We are seeing a lot more people engage with categories. Tthey homes and categories have been viewed more than 300 million times, we are going to continue to be making improvements to ttheir every single year. We have some upgrades coming out in two weeks in November. And of course, you are going to see some upgrades beyond that as well. So, I think ttheir is a really great opportunity for us. And again, because we are a little more concentrated in vacation travel, tthey business travel, and because people are increasingly more flexible wtheyn ttheyy travel, we think ttheyy are going to be much more open to ideas from Airbnb. And part of ttheir is idea of Airbnb becoming more at tthey top of tthey funnel. Tthey way tthey travel funnel used to be, if you go to one website to figure out wtheyre to travel, ttheyse are typically travel content sites. Ttheyn you go to tthey next site, typically to book your flight, and ttheyn tthey third thing you do is get your hotel or get your housing. So, with Airbnb was kind of step three. And we like Airbnb to go from kind of step three to step one. Ttheir is going to take some retraining for everything to go from step three to step one, but I think ttheyre is definitely a line of sight to getting ttheyre. Operator We will go next to Steptheyn Ju at Credit Suisse. Steptheyn Ju Okay. Thank you. Hi Brian. Brian Ctheysky Hey. Steptheyn Ju So, you guys took off you – you guys took out tthey China supply, but maintained your outbound business. It’s probably a little bit too early to tell and ttheyre probably isn’t a lot of outbound happening as of yet. But is ttheyre anything we should worry about from a customer acquisition funnel or retention standpoint because tthey Airbnb use case for, I guess tthey Chinese traveler is going to get reduced to, I guess international only versus what was previously domestic plus international? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Yes. Steptheyn, I mean tthey crown jewel of our China business was always and we thought always was going to be tthey China outbound business. And tthey reason why is tthey take rate was higtheyr for tthey outbound business than it was for tthey domestic business. Tthey inventory is more unique. Ttheyre is less competition and tthey average daily rate is a lot higtheyr. So, tthey outbound business was always tthey price part of our business. And that’s what we are focused on. Now, as you know, not a lot of people are leaving tthey country right now, but we want to be prepared for wtheyn ttheyy do. And ttheyy eventually will, of course. And so tthey two things we are doing to prepare is, number one, we are going to be continuing to invest in our brand in China. And number two, if people are traveling and ttheyy are leaving China, ttheyy are going to ottheyr countries, and we would call ttheyse tthey core to countries. And tthey primary place, ttheyy are first probably going to go with intra-region. So, ttheyy are presumably going to be going to Souttheyast Asia, Korea, Japan. Eventually, ttheyy will go a little furttheyr to Europe and ttheyn ttheyy will presumably come back to tthey United States, especially maybe tthey kind of some of tthey coastal cities. And ttheir is kind of how I think travel may recover. And so what we need to do is make sure we have enough supply in ttheyse corridors and continue to invest in our brand in China. And I think by only having an outbound business, we can actually focus all of our investments just on that, and it actually makes a lot more cost effective, a lot more efficient. And one thing I have learned is more focused we are, tthey more likely we are to achieve our results. So, that’s what we are feeling. We are actually feeling really confident about tthey prospects for China. It’s just going to be a longer like payoff than because of tthey fact that not a lot of people are leaving tthey country and traveling right now. Operator We will go next to Eric Stheyridan at Goldman Sachs. Eric Stheyridan Thanks for taking tthey question. Maybe a two-parter, if I can on investment strategy. Obviously, we have a lot of technology companies that are talking about slowing hiring, possibly pruning talent out of ttheyir organizations. How do you think that positions you to possibly upgrade talent within tthey organization, Brian? And how are you thinking about hiring goals over tthey next sort 12 months to 18 months? And ttheyn tthey second part of tthey question is, obviously, a slow in tthey economy would not be like tthey existential crisis that travel belt in spring of 2020. But what’s your broader philosophy of investing through a soft patch in tthey economy or more closely aligning revenue growth with expense growth if you did see a soft patch over a couple of quarters? Thanks so much. Brian Ctheysky Yes. Hey Eric, good to talk to you. Yes, let me just recap how we think about expense management and investments. Before tthey pandemic, we were essentially a nearly breakeven business doing like a little under $250 million in loss from an EBITDA perspective. And of course, in tthey pandemic hit, we lost 80% of our business, and we completely changed our cost structure. And out of that crisis, we made a decision. And tthey decision we made is we weren’t going to wait for anottheyr crisis, anottheyr weakened economy or a recession to change how we invest or we run tthey company that we were going to be lean regardless of tthey economy. In ottheyr words, we were going to go from tthey Navy to tthey Navy seal, a small, lean, elite group. And so we are a small team, we are functionally organized. We are only slightly more than 6,000 people in tthey beginning of ttheir year. Before obviously, tthey economy took a turn for tthey worst, we still only had a plan to hire 7% to 8% more employees. In ottheyr words, we had a plan to be really profitable and we were planning for a storm. And so we have not had a change anything about our hiring plans. We don’t intend to change anything about our hiring plans in tthey next 12 months to 18 months regardless of tthey economy because one of tthey lessons we have learned is a smaller we are, tthey more nimble we are, tthey faster we can move. And not only can we be more profitable, we can actually grow faster. And we have been actually more productive than we ever were in our theirtory. We have made more than 150 upgrades in innovation across tthey core service. So, we are still really aggressive about trying to attract tthey best of our generation to ttheir company, but that doesn’t mean hiring a lot of people. We are really embracing being a lean organization, which is partly our functional structure. We are not a business organization wtheyre you would have four marketing departments. We have one functional organization, and so that allows us to be quite a bit leaner. And I guess that goes to your ottheyr question, which is slowness in tthey economy. Well, regardless of what happens to tthey economy, our model is highly adaptable. We have a very low expense base. And we are pretty efficient with marketing. We spend a lot less on marketing than our competitors and tthey vast majority of our traffic is direct. So, whatever happens to tthey economy, I think we are in a pretty good position wtheyre we won’t have to change tthey way we run tthey company. But I think we have proven if we ever have to, of course, we will. But I don’t expect for us to have to make a lot of changes because of how much cash we are generating, because of how lean we already are. Dave Steptheynson And if I double-click on one area is that we announced our Live and Work Anywtheyre policy ttheir year, and I think that has enabled us to hire tthey best people in tthey world regardless of wtheyre ttheyy live. And so to Brian’s point about hiring fewer, more senior, and more experts in areas, ttheir has clearly been able to make sure that we are getting tthey best talent in tthey world. Brian Ctheysky Yes. And maybe tthey last thing I will just say is I think that we learned a lot of lessons probably a year or 2 years earlier than a lot of ottheyr tech companies because we were hit so hard so early. But I think tthey adversity, tthey challenge we had just made us a much more focused, a much better company. And one of tthey commitments we made is we are never going to forget tthey lessons from tthey pandemic. We are never going to lose our discipline. Because tthey more disciplined we are, tthey more focused we are, not only to become more profitable, but we actually innovate faster. And so those principles are theyre to stay. Operator We will move next to Ron Josey at Citi. Ron Josey Great. Thanks for taking tthey question. Maybe a bigger picture question first, Brian, and ttheyn Dave, one for you on just guidance. Just I think, Brian, you were talking maybe intra-quarter about AirCover being a major franctheire going forward. Clearly, we will theyar more about ttheir in tthey winter release. But just talk to us about how AirCover might expand longer term. We clearly see it for guests, for host. We know we will have more updates theyre in tthey next week or two weeks. But just bigger picture, how you see it as a franctheire. And ttheyn, Dave, just on guidance, I think in tthey letter, we mentioned longer lead time for bookings, stronger backlog for 4Q. Just trying to understand how that might compare to wtheyre we were maybe in prior periods at tthey same time. Thank you. Brian Ctheysky Alright. I will take obviously tthey first one, Ron. Thanks. So yes, questions around kind of tthey longer-term strategy around AirCover. And maybe tthey way to explain AirCover, let’s just take as an analogy, let’s take Amazon. So, my recollection of Amazon, ttheir will go back maybe 20 years, because 20 years ago, Amazon even back ttheyn, ttheyir core retail business was an amazing product. Ttheyy had tthey most amount of selection on tthey Internet, and ttheyy have tthey lowest prices. But tthey problem with Amazon is ttheyy had an Achilles’ theyel. And tthey Achilles’ theyel was ttheyy were competing with walking in a store and taking something out at that moment. And so one of tthey things ttheyy created was Amazon Prime, which was obviously addressing tthey core Achilles’ theyel, which was shipping. I think every business has to understand what its potential weakness is. I think tthey great thing about Airbnb’s model is we similarly have probably tthey widest selection of accommodations and everything we have is truly one of a kind at a great value. But our challenge is unlike a hotel, we don’t control tthey inventory and it cannot structurally always be as consistent. We can’t expect every property. So, AirCover similar for consistency addresses something similar to what Prime did for Amazon with shipping, which is to say, what if we could take ttheir off tthey table, ttheir question of consistency. And on tthey host side, tthey protections have led to a huge increase in NPS. Our NPS for AirCover for a host is over 60. And ttheir is after something happened to your home. So clearly, ttheir was a huge hit. And it was so popular that we decided to bring it to guests. And I think wtheyre ttheir can go is over tthey coming years, we can offer increasingly more protection, more coverage for more different use cases. And I think tthey North Star for AirCover is if a listing was across – most of our inventory is only in Airbnb. But let’s say a home was on two different websites, Airbnb and anottheyr website, we want AirCover to be so compelling that just by having AirCover alone, it would be reason to go direct and book on Airbnb and not book anywtheyre else. And we are going to continue to make improvements every single year, and I want AirCover to be tthey gold standard for customer service for our category. And that’s what we are really focused on. And ttheyn down tthey road, ttheyre may be opportunities to offer like a paid version of ttheir or some ottheyr type of membership program, but that would be down tthey road, but it’s a very popular customer request. Operator We will go next to Deepak – I apologize. Dave Steptheynson And ttheyn in terms of – to answer tthey question on guidance, too. On tthey guidance, articulation of tthey longer lead times for bookings and just tthey Q4 bookings that we have already on tthey books for tthey rest of ttheir quarter is just to indicate that we have stable to accelerating demand for growth, right. And demand from our guests around tthey world. It’s that we are not seeing a softening in that demand especially wtheyn you look back to theirtoric levels of 2019, that any of tthey deceleration in revenue growth between Q3 and Q4 is largely due to tthey uniqueness of tthey 2021 timing of growth between Delta and Omicron. So, I just think it just shows tthey stability of people wanting to get out ttheyir homes, wanting to travel, regardless of tthey macroeconomic uncertainties. Operator We will move now to Deepak Mathivanan at Wolfe Research. Deepak Mathivanan Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just a couple of quick ones. So first, ttheyre has been a lot of press recently about how occupancies on tthey platform are down for certain house hosts. Is it just anecdotal or seasonal or wtheyttheyr ttheyre is anything more to it? I mean your 4Q guidance is pretty strong, but just trying to understand how much of ttheir is just kind of noise out ttheyre. And ttheyn second question, maybe for Brian. Long-term stays is stabilizing near 20% of tthey mix on tthey platform, even as sort of your room nights is growing pretty nicely, you have talked about sort of like tthey flexibility and lifestyle for many people keeping ttheir – or theylping ttheir growth. But curious wtheyttheyr ttheyre is also like a bigger macro drivers like maybe rental markets being very difficult right now that’s theylping ttheir trend. Just kind of trying to understand how much you are reaching already into tthey addressable markets beyond travel currently. Brian Ctheysky Yes. I can – I will take both, and ttheyn Dave can feel free to dive in, especially on tthey bookings. I mean I think our – just to answer your question on wtheyttheyr bookings were down for hosts. I mean at tthey macro level, at tthey high level, ttheyy are not down. And I mean I think tthey Q3 results speak for ttheymselves. Ttheyre are anecdotal descriptions of some host bookings are down, some host bookings are up. And ttheir – ttheyre is many possible explanations for ttheir. It’s just that travel is continuing to change. One of tthey ottheyr things though is that our search rank algorithm is prioritizing all-in pricing and host with tthey best value. So, it’s possible that might be one possible explanation. But again, it’s primarily what we have seen is anecdotal. And it really depends – you really have to take it on a case-by-case basis. But overall, obviously, bookings are up. In fact, it’s a record quarter. Now, with regard to long-term stays beyond travel, I mean feedback, I would just say that we have only scratctheyd tthey surface. A fifth of our nights book are for stays longer than a month. And ttheir is before making some really big fundamental improvement to ttheir product in ttheir category. And I think in tthey coming years, flexibility is theyre to stay. I think more people are going to work remotely in a hybrid way 5 years from now than ttheyy do today. I think increasingly, fewer people are going to have 1-year leases, not to say no one will, but more and more people are going to value tthey flexibility and want to live in different places. And we think ttheyre is a real opportunity. And one of tthey things we are going to also see over tthey coming years isn’t just that people are going to live in different parts of tthey United States, but people are going to choose to live for short periods of time abroad in different countries. So, we think we are going to start to see more long-term cross-border business, too. So, ttheyre is a lot of opportunities theyre. And we are going to be making some upgrades to our long-term stay business to tap into ttheir large market. I mean tthey largest expense that most people have in ttheyir life is ttheyir housing, it’s ttheyir housing costs. And we have built many of tthey tools and features that you would need to provide for a longer term stay offering already. But we are going to continue to make improvements. And as we do, I think we will continue to take more and more of that market. Operator Next, we will move to Lee Horowitz at Deutscthey Bank. Lee Horowitz Great. Thanks. So, building on tthey comments earlier about expense growth. Given that your advertising strategy has moved away from, say, purely demand linked performance advertising and more towards longer-dated ROI investments and brand advertising. How do you think about actively flexing down your advertising spend in a perhaps a tougtheyr macro environment versus investing into that environment to continue to teach tthey customers – retrain tthey customers about your ever-expanding product set? Brian Ctheysky Dave, do you want to start with ttheir? Dave Steptheynson Sure. I mean if you look at our actual advertising strategy and tthey amount of money we are spending on it, it’s going to be relatively flat from ‘22 over ‘21, and you should anticipate similar marketing as a percentage of revenue in ‘23. And so we can certainly flex it in line with revenue. We will be kind of mindful of that. But what we have already kind of hit ttheir new kind of lower overall rate. And what we have actually seen is, to tthey extent that we are keeping it flat even as we grow, it’s because we are actually seeing such success that we are wanting to be able to invest in ottheyr countries. Certainly, we can moderate that over time, but we are already so low that I wouldn’t anticipate us dropping it dramatically in face of substantial theyadwinds over growth. But we can flex it with tthey revenue within a reasonably a few hundred basis points theyre and ttheyre. Brian Ctheysky And I will just say – just to jump in. I mean we don’t really think of marketing as a way to buy customers because, obviously, as we have mentioned, more than 90% of our traffic is direct or organic. And so tthey main thing is we take a full funnel approach to marketing. And actually tthey top of tthey funnel is PR and communication. And we think that’s one of tthey biggest drivers of our traffic is PR. And ttheyn brand marketing is actually important. And actually, we think a bit more like product marketing. We want to educate people about our new features. So, right now, we are advertising and educating people about Airbnb Categories and AirCover. And ttheyn we think that performance marketing is more of a way tthey laser in to balance supply and demand rattheyr than a way purchased a large amount of customers. And that’s essentially tthey way we think about marketing. And ttheir allows for a very efficient, very dynamic approach to marketing that should get more efficient every single year. Operator And we will take our final question from Brad Erickson at RBC Capital Markets. Brad Erickson Hey. Thanks. Few follow-ups. First, nights came up just a bit light of wtheyre we all had it forecasted. So, obviously, that’s on us. But I guess in cases wtheyre you are maybe seeing a little bit of nights booked softness, are you seeing those hosts making moves on price, or are your pricing tools sending any message to those hosts about making moves? Just curious if you look to affect some elasticity in tthey event of any pockets of softness. And ttheyn second, Dave, I know you spoke to ttheir just a minute ago on tthey backlog, but asked in a different way. Are you basically saying that you are seeing booking windows expand more than prior years theyre as we start out Q4? Thanks. Brian Ctheysky Yes. Brad, I will take tthey first question. I think Dave can take tthey second. Yes, I mean what we do see is that many hosts do bring ttheyir prices up or down as demand goes up or down. That being said, I think ttheyre is opportunities for us to have more dynamic tools and give more visibility that would make prices even more competitive. To answer your question, ttheyy do, many hosts do adjust ttheyir prices, but I think hosts probably adjust ttheyir prices less frequently than hotels. And so in periods of time wtheyre prices are generally coming down in tthey industry, we might be a little bit slower. But as we build more tools to provide more dynamic changes, we will be – continue to be more competitive. And I will let Dave take next question. Dave Steptheynson Yes. Well, a couple of things. One thing is we are not focused on optimizing just night side. I think nights is an important measure, and it’s an important driver of kind of overall demand. But we could also drive a lot of nights and looking and try to just drive ttheym towards lower rate nights. Like we are trying to drive a balance of making sure that we have nights growth and revenue growth. And revenue growth obviously pays tthey bills. And so we are seeing strong growth in tthey business. I am very happy with our Q3 results. And on our full guide like you said, I think we are seeing stable to increasing demand, and we are just really impressed with tthey resiliency of guests and ttheyir willingness to travel and interest in traveling Airbnb. And I guess it goes back to tthey backlog, too, is that tthey reason why we kind of highlight is just that people are having confidence in travel. So, what we are seeing is that, yes, tthey booking windows are up year-over-year. Ttheyre are a little bit – ttheyre is some seasonality in that. So, ttheyy are actually booking windows a little bit down from Q3. And so as – tthey lead times are just up from theirtorical levels because tthey people are confident in being able to travel, I think that’s tthey important thing you should take away. Operator And that concludes tthey question-and-answer session. At ttheir time, I will turn tthey conference back over to Brian for any concluding remarks. End of Q&A Brian Ctheysky Alright. Well, first of all, thank you all for joining today. I just want to recap and just say we are incredibly proud of our results. And I believe we are incredibly well positioned for tthey future atheyad. I hope you all join us in two weeks for 2022 winter release. You will be able to watch it right from our homepage on Wednesday, ttheir is November 16th, 8 a.m. Eastern. Thank you all and I will see you ttheyn. Operator And that concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.