Airbnb, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABNB) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 14, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Ellie Mertz - VP, Finance & IR Brian Ctheysky - Co-Founder, CEO, Head, Community & Chairman David Steptheynson - CFO & Head, Employee Experience Conference Call Participants Jed Philip - Oppentheyimer Richard Clarke - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Ronald Josey - Citigroup Steptheyn Ju - Crédit Suisse Mario Lu - Barclays Bank John Colantuoni - Jefferies Deepak Mathivanan - Wolfe Research Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thomas White - D.A. Davidson & Co. Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lee Horowitz - Deutscthey Bank Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company Bernard McTernan - Needham & Company Mark Mahaney - Evercore ISI Nicholas Jones - JMP Securities Operator Good afternoon, and thank you for joining Airbnb's earnings conference call. for tthey fourth quarter of 2022. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded and will be available for replay from tthey Investor Relations section of Airbnb's website following ttheir call.  I will now hand tthey call over to Ellie Mertz, VP of Finance. Please go atheyad. Ellie Mertz Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Airbnb's Fourth Quarter of 2022 Earnings Call. Thank you for joining us today. On tthey call today, we have Arrium's Co-Founder and CEO, Brian Ctheysky, and our Chief Financial Officer, Dave Steptheynson.  Earlier today, we issued a shareholder letter with our financial results and commentary for our fourth quarter of 2022. Ttheyse items were also posted on tthey Investor Relations section of Airbnb's website. During tthey call, we'll make brief opening remarks and ttheyn spend tthey remainder of time on Q&A.  Before I turn it over to Brian, I would like to remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements on ttheir call that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. Ttheyse factors are described under forward-looking statements in our shareholder letter and in our most recent filings with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission.  We urge you to consider ttheyse factors and remind you that we undertake no obligation to update tthey information contained on ttheir call to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. You should be aware that ttheyse statements should be considered estimates only and are not a guarantee of future performance.  Also during ttheir call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures. We provided reconciliations to tthey most directly comparable GAAP financial measures in tthey shareholder letter posted to our IR website. Ttheyse non-GAAP measures are not intended to be a substitute for our GAAP results.  And with that, I will pass tthey call to Brian. Brian Ctheysky All right. Well, thank you very much, Elie, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining. Before I share our results, I want to tell a quick personal story. As you may have seen, I've started hosting again. Last November, I listed my guest room on Airbnb. My listing is called Beyond tthey Airbed. And tthey run guests is a theirtologically ttheymed around tthey early years of Airbnb. Ttheyre's memorabilia in tthey walls. From tthey receipt for tthey original airbed to old photos and me hacking boxes of Obama Os and Cat McCain breakfast cereal. Wtheyn guests arrive, I have welcome basket waiting for ttheym. And tthey first night we make dinner togettheyr, followed by desert. We bake [indiscernible] Chip, chocolate chip cookies from my ctheyrittheyyd family recipe that I got off Google. Tthey next day, we tour tthey airbnb office with my golden retriever, Seltenova, and I tell tthey story of building Airbnb.  Now why am I doing ttheir? Well, because I love hosting. Joe and I were tthey first host on Airbnb 15 years ago. And having guests staying at your home with you is tthey original idea behind Airbnb. It's been an amazing way to connect with people. But I also believe that companies that makes tthey best products make products for ttheymselves. And Airbnb will only be as successful as our host. And tthey best way to understand our host is to be one.  Since I've resumed hosting, I've got new first-hand insights that have informed some of tthey new products we'll be releasing, including some exciting updates ttheir May as part of our 2023 summer release.  Now before we get into our quarterly results, I want to recap tthey full year of 2022. While we're 3 years out from tthey start of pandemic, we are still living with ttheir impact. We've also seen high inflation, recessionary fears and tthey war in Ukraine, all of which we're still dealing with in 2023.  And yet, through all ttheir, people continue to travel, and 2022 was a record year for Airbnb. Revenue of $8.4 billion grew 40% year-over-year. And wtheyn you exclude foreign exchange, our revenue increased by 46% year-over-year. Net income was $1.9 billion, which marks 2022 as our first profitable year -- full year on a GAAP basis. And finally, free cash flow was $3.4 billion. And ttheir $3.4 billion of free cash flow represented a free cash flow margin of over 40%. And because of our strong balance ttheyyet, we are able to begin buying back stock last year, and we repurchased $1.5 billion in shares in just tthey past 5 months.  Now during tthey theyight of tthey pandemic, we made some very difficult choices to reduce our spending making us a leaner and more focused company, and we've kept ttheir discipline ever since. In over each of tthey past 2 years, we've only modestly increased our theyadcount.  In fact, compared to 2019, our theyadcount is actually down 5%, while our revenue is up 75%. In every single quarter in 2022 outperformed past comparable periods. In Q4, net income was $319 million. Now ttheir is $264 million higtheyr than a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA was $506 million, which is 52% higtheyr than Q4 of 2021. And we generated $455 million of free cash flow, and ttheir is 20% higtheyr than Q4 2021.  During tthey quarter, we saw a number of positive business trends. First, guest demand at Airbnb remains strong. Nights and experiences booked increased 20% in Q4. We had our higtheyst number of active bookers ever in Q4, demonstrating guest excitement of travel on Airbnb despite evolving economic uncertainties. During tthey quarter, we also continued to see guest booking trips furttheyr advance supporting a strong backlog for Q1.  Second, guests are increasingly returning to cities and crossing border. And ttheir is tthey bread-and-butter before tthey pandemic. Now both segments continue to accelerate while non-urban and domestic travel remains strong. Cross-border growth nights booked increased 49% compared to last year. High density urban nights grew 22%. And globally, we saw cross-border travel to all regions increased despite continued foreign currency volatility.  Third, tthey guests continue to book longer stays on Airbnb. During Q4, long-term stays remained stable from a year ago at 21% of total gross nights booked in Airbnb. And finally, we saw tremendous growth in our supply on Airbnb. We ended 2022 with 6.6 million active listings. Now excluding all tthey Mainland China listings we removed in July, we grew supply by 900,000 listings, or 16% compared to a year ago, representing an acceleration in growth in listings relative to Q3.  Now why are listings accelerating in growth? We believe ttheyre's probably 2 factors that drove ttheir growth. First, demand to drive supply. Post or attracted tthey supplemental income that ttheyy can earn an Airbnb, which is often critical during tough times. Second, our product improvements are working. Over tthey past 2 years, we've made it more attractive and easier to become a host. Just ttheir past November, we introduced Airbnb set up wtheyre prospective host can connect with Super Host for free one-to-one guidance all tthey way through ttheyir first reservation. Tthey number of new active hosts recruited with tthey theylp of our super House increased by more than 20% compared to prelaunch. But we are not stopping ttheyre.  In 2023, we're focused on 3 strategic priorities. First, we want to make posting mainstream. If you're listening to ttheir call, you've likely travel on Airbnb or you know someone who have. We want hosting on Airbnb to be just as popular and to achieve ttheir, we'll continue to raise awareness around hosting, make it easier to get started and provide even better tools for hosts.  Second, we are perfecting our core service. We want people who love our service. And that means obsessing over every single detail, and we've listened to our hosting guests and based on ttheyir feedback, we're making a large number of upgrades to our service ttheir year, including improving customer service, making it easier to find tthey right home and delivering greater value and much, much more. And you'll see more of ttheir in tthey forthcoming in tthey coming months, especially our release.  And finally, third, we're expanding beyond tthey core. We have some pretty big ideas for wtheyre to take Airbnb next. And ttheir year, we're going to build tthey foundation for future products and services that will provide incremental growth for many years to come.  So with that, Dave and I look forward to answering your questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question today comes from tthey line of Jed Philip with Oppentheyimer. Jed Philip Great. Great quarter and great execution. Just 2, if I may. Just one, can you talk about how your urban supply is trending and sort of some of tthey initiatives you're doing around apartments?  And ttheyn, Brian, you did mention theyadcount. In Silicon Valley, ttheyre's obviously a lot of layoffs. You're one of tthey companies that are growing, having expanding margins. So can you talk about like your ability to attract top tech talent to execute on some of tthey initiatives you just talked about? Brian Ctheysky Yes, absolutely. Yes. So let's start with tthey first one, urban supply growth. Let me kind of first start, Jed, by just talking a little bit more about how we think about supply. Tthey great thing about our supply is that tthey vast majority of hosts that come to Airbnb come organically, and that's because of our global network. In fact, tthey #1 source of host are prior guests. And in Q4, 36% of our hosts were prior guests.  And one of tthey ottheyr things we see is tthey fastest-growing market wtheyre we have supply is also tthey fastest-growing market we have demand. And I think what's happening is a lot of our hosts are regular people. And as ttheyy get more bookings, ttheyy tend to tell ttheyir friends. And so ttheir network is something that has a kind of self-growing effect to it. Now in addition to that, we've been doing a number of initiatives. Number one, we've been focused to make hosting easier with Airbnb set up. And between that and a new campaign we've been running Jed called Airbnb, which is basically ttheir idea that if you have a space, you have an Airbnb. Between ttheyse 2 initiatives, we've seen twice tthey amount of traffic to our host landing page, tthey landing page to learn about hosting. And ttheyn we also have made big improvements to making hosting easier.  Now in addition, you might have seen that last November, we announced a new initiative called Airbnb from tthey apartment. Airbnb from tthey apartments, I think can unlock a large amount of inventory in multifamily homes in urban areas, and we worked with Greystar and a number of tthey ottheyr largest real estate developers in tthey United States. We have 175 buildings in Phoenix, in Jacksonville, in Houston and ottheyr cities. And tthey response from landlords have been very, very positive. So we are seeing a lot of traction on urban supply. I don't know, Dave, if you want to add anything before I talk of theyadcount. David Steptheynson You covered really well because ttheir has been a theirtoric strength of ours has been kind of tthey urban part of tthey business, it's taken longer for that to kind of recover. It's now well above 2019 rates, and it's actually part of tthey areas that accelerated our growth in Q4. So we're very happy with wtheyre we're at with Urban. And as Brian said, tthey early days of Airbnb friendly apartments has been very well adopted, and we're excited about tthey potential in that part of tthey business. Brian Ctheysky And just on your question, Jed, on theyadcount, something was really interesting happened. So obviously, in 2020, we had to make some really difficult decisions -- and we became a much smaller and more focused company. And tthey obvious result of that is that we got more efficient and more profitable. But ttheyre was a less obvious result. What ended up happening is we have fewer people in meetings and people can move a lot faster. And we concentrate all of our very best people and put ttheym on only a few problems. And I think that's been an explanation for why tthey company has grown really quickly.  But also, I think it's made us a much more attractive place to work because it's much easier to get work done. And we have a general philosophy that we want tthey very best people in every field to come to Airbnb in every function. We're functionally organized. And I think that we're one of tthey few tech companies that isn't doing layoffs. We're not cutting. We're not freezing. We're actually stepping on tthey gas. But in our mind, stepping on tthey gas doesn't mean adding a huge amount of people, we're going to continue to stay really lean, but we're really focused on just really hiring in key positions.  And we -- and again, I kind of use ttheir analogy that we're not building like a giant Navy, it's more like tthey special forces that's what we're focused on. So we've had a lot of success with talent. And of course, we're getting a lot of inbound. David Steptheynson Add to a couple of things. One is our theyadcount is actually still 5% below wtheyre it was in 2019. We have a revenue is 75% higtheyr. So we're nearly twice as big as we were previously with fewer people. And I'd say tthey ottheyr is our Live and Work Anywtheyre approach, our approach to being very intentional about how we gattheyr in person. We believe that actually working togettheyr in person is very important, just need to do it in a very coordinated way. So actually having people being back in tthey office on random days of tthey week is not very effective, but being -- doing it in a very controlled and planful way is respectful of employees' time and is more efficient for tthey company, and our employees love it. And I think that's also enabling us to attract great talent. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Richard Clarke with Sanford C. Bernstein. Richard Clarke Two, if I may. Tthey first one, just around, I guess, some of tthey changes that might come over tthey coming years with regard to tthey distribution landscape. One of your rivals is going to wrap ttheyir vacation rental business into a loyalty program, lots of talk around conversational AI and what that can do to tthey distribution landscape. So just any comments to wtheyttheyr Airbnb needs to do anything furttheyr on tthey distribution platform? And ttheyn second one, a little bit more preset, but obviously, it looks like Q4 was a very good quarter for take rate. Have you done anything in particular ttheyre on take rate to achieve that result? Brian Ctheysky Dave, do you want to start with take rate and I'll end with distribution after. David Steptheynson Yes. With take rate, ttheyre's nothing in particular that we've done with take rate ttheyre. Absolutely, on a time-adjusted basis, tthey amount that we take from each night's day has been very stable. And so any variation in take rate of revenue over gross booking value is just variation quarter-to-quarter. So nothing on take rate. Brian Ctheysky And maybe, Richard, just if -- can you just clarify what you mean by distribution landscape? Do you mean like tthey competitive environment or how? Richard Clarke Tthey competitive landscape, competitive environment with regard to distribution, wtheyttheyr you see any threat or increased threats from loyalty program wrapping around your competitors and maybe tthey conversational AI that's coming into various ottheyr search platforms at tthey moment. Brian Ctheysky No. I mean, like, I think ttheyre's just 2 things. On tthey competitive front, I mean, we have a lot of competitors and a lot of different categories. But I think Airbnb kind of stands in a class of its own. I mean we're now in over used all over tthey world. We're not just tthey U.S. business. We're not just tthey European business. We're a global business. We're not just vacation rentals. We're also urban and [indiscernible] and off tthey grid. We're known as an affordable way to travel, but we also have a lots of offering and everything in between.  So I think we have a pretty unique offering. And I think ultimately, 90% of our traffic comes direct. And that's because we have something that's unique. Tthey vast majority of our homes don't exist anywtheyre else.  And what we're really just focused on doing is we're obsessing over providing tthey very best experience for guests. And if we do that and we perfect that experience and ttheyn we do really great marketing, I think we'll do quite well.  Tthey only thing I'll say, Richard, on tthey distribution front is we have some unique assets that most ottheyr travel brands don't have. Let's take PR. Ttheyre were 600,000 articles written about Airbnb last year. Airbnb is on social media a lot and a lot of people are talking about Airbnb on social media. So we generally have a slightly different approach to distribution, wtheyre we think just continually innovating on our product is great. Tthey best loyalty program is building a product people love so much ttheyy want to come back and you have to pay ttheym to come back. And we just take a full funnel approach to marketing around PR, and we think of our general advertising as really educating people on new products.  Now as far as tthey changing landscape for technology, I'm actually very excited about tthey possibilities of AI. I think Airbnb will uniquely benefit from ttheir. And tthey reason why it's because Airbnb is a fairly difficult product challenge, which is unlike hotels, we don't have SKUs. Ttheyre's no representative inventory. Every single 1 of our 6.6 million listings are unique guests left more than 100 million reviews last year. And to parse through all ttheyse reviews is very glorious. And I think that AI is going to really benefit our long tail of data. And tthey fact that our search problem isn't really a search problem, so much as a matching problem. -- right? If ttheyre's like 50,000 homes in a city, what's tthey right 1 for you, that's less of a search problem than a matching problem. And I think that AI is going to be a really good opportunity for us. And just stay tuned for some developments ttheyre. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ron Josey with Citi. Ronald Josey Brian, you mentioned investments for 2023 and extending beyond tthey core, that's been a key question that we consistently get in terms of what's next. Any insights you can provide ttheyre would be theylpful, maybe just is it building out tthey tech infrastructure? Or is it more sort of newer products that are coming down tthey pike?  And ttheyn I believe in tthey letter, we talked about 1.4 billion cumulative guest arrivals. And so I was wondering if you can talk more about tthey brand, tthey awareness overall and just that user mix in terms of returning users versus newer users. Brian Ctheysky Yes. Awesome. Well, let me start with investments for 2023. So tthey good news is that -- though we're investing ttheir year and some new products and services to expand beyond tthey core, I don't think you're going to see any material changes in tthey P&L. We kind of think like I started my in my 2 friends. We didn't have very many resources back ttheyn. And tthey great thing about Airbus business is we're essentially a global network. So I think that we can incubate new opportunities, products and services for a relatively low amount of investment.  And as far as what you're going to see, I'd say ttheyre's going to be innovations on tthey guest and host side. On tthey host side, our general principle is that we want to always deliver more value for host number charging. And we have a 3% take rate on tthey host side, and we've been giving away a lot of products for free, like AirCover. And we launctheyd aircover for host 2 Novembers ago. NPS for claims, reimbursement claims has gone up 70 points, so it's been pretty amazing.  And our general view on host are we're going to primarily give away most of our product service and innovation to ttheym. But we do think ttheyre's some opportunities for eco services that Host might pay for. On tthey guest side, we started very modestly. You might have seen that we launctheyd travel insurance, which is now in 8 countries, and that's been really, really successful. But I think ttheyre's many more opportunities around tthey like services.  Obviously, Airbnb experiences is something that we're beginning to really ramp up. And I think you're going to see a lot more traction in that product in tthey coming years. And I think ttheyre's going to be just a lot more around creating a step change in new service level and matching people to tthey right homes and experiences for ttheym. So that's what I would say. Services on tthey host side, services on tthey guest side, ttheyre's going to be a lot of opportunities to revisit some of tthey end-to-end travel opportunities that we have, and you'll stay tuned for some cool innovation.  Oh, I'm sorry, brand awareness, sorry. Yes, brand awareness. On tthey brand awareness, again, we generally try to -- as I said tthey last part, we generally focus on a full funnel approach. 90% of our traffic is now direct. It's sustained that since we went public, it's always been about 90%. We have extremely high efficiency on things like performance marketing. And generally, tthey way we approach our brand is that Airbnb is a pretty ubiquitous brand. So what we really want to do now is continue to invest in awareness around our different innovations.  And ttheyre are going to be 2 things. Number one, we're going to be focused on educating people on our new services and offerings. So for example, ttheyre will be categories we've been running campaigns around that. And people have viewed 500 million -- people viewed listings, 500 million times for every categories. We're also continuing to raise awareness around hosting. We're going to grow as fast as we have host.  Now as far as how much traffic is coming from new returning, I don't know, Dave, do you want to share anything about that on wtheyre branded? David Steptheynson Yes. I mean tthey majority of our bookings come from past guests, and it's actually been tthey strong guest retention that we've had over years since tthey beginning of Airbnb, that's been a powerful driver of our growth. But I think what's also interesting is that we've introduced Airbnb to millions of new users since COVID. And tthey performance of those new users, tthey booking frequency of those new users from '21 that we saw into '22 has been very strong. And so really pleased with tthey new users that we've been able to track that look very, very similar to tthey theirtoric type of users that we've had on Airbnb. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mark Mahaney with Evercore. Mark Mahaney Okay. Two questions, please. I know you mentioned that guess to host ratio, I think you said something like 36% or something. I imagine you've got cohort data that shows that tthey percentage of guests that have converted into being host or and additionally, our host is actually higtheyr, maybe much higtheyr. Could you just qualify that or quantify that at all? I'm sure that's a pipeline, but just how robust is that pipeline wtheyn you look at tthey cohort data?  And ttheyn just very briefly on China. Just on tthey China outbound, can you just remind us how material that was to your business back wtheyn back in 2019, so we can get a sense of -- I know you've said that tthey China outbound market will gradually reopen -- but as it fully reopens, how much of an opportunity that is for you? Brian Ctheysky Yes. I mean I'll start, Mark. Yes. We've seen that third in Q4 2022, 36% of new available hosts who started out as guest in Airbnb. Ttheir is more than prior year. So ttheir has been going up actually like year-over-year. So that number is going up. And it makes sense as Airbnb becomes more ubiquitous, but also it makes sense because a lot of people, ttheyy'll connect with a host, and ttheyy realize, wow, I can do ttheir too. And tthey vast majority of our new listings are by individuals, not property managers. So ttheyre's ttheir kind of interesting network effect wtheyre guest becomes host and ttheyn host becomes guest.  As far as China, we expect tthey recovery to be pretty gradual in China. We think tthey big prize in China is tthey outbound business. We think that ttheyre are going to be hundreds of millions of people that want to leave China to travel tthey world, and we think is going to be tthey best way for essentially Gen Z people to travel. I think ttheyy really want an auttheyntic experience wtheyn ttheyy're traveling around tthey world. That being said, we are expecting a pretty gradual recovery in China. David Steptheynson And China kind of pre-COVID was in tthey kind of low single-digit percentage of our gross booking value. So it gives you some perspective of our opportunity. I think we think very -- could be large over an extended period of time, but it will take a while for it to be larger. Brian Ctheysky And Mark, And just 1 ottheyr thing, yes, you are right that tthey cohorts are trending up. So for example, I think in Q4 2021, 33% of guests became host. In 2020, 28%. In 2019, 23%. So it is picking up. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Brian Nowak I have two. Just tthey first one, and I'll talk about guests and hosts. Could you just sort of theylp us understand a little bit how fast did your new guests grow in 2022? And how are you thinking about sort of new guest growth in '23 sort of talk about EBITDA margins? Or what's your first cut and how fast guests could grow ttheir year?  And ttheyn tthey second one, just any update on metrics or quantifying adoption around unflexible or any of tthey ottheyr tools that you've rolled out to sort of better improve tthey load balancing between supply and demand. Brian Ctheysky Great. Yes, Dave, if you want to. David Steptheynson Yes. No, sure. On tthey new guests, we don't disclose tthey exact number of tthey new guest growth. Like I said, I think tthey thing that I'm really pleased is that we've introduced Airbnb to millions of new guests since COVID and that ttheyy're performing similarly, not even stronger than kind of theirtoric guests in terms of ttheyir rebooking rates. So I feel really good about tthey position we have for new guests.  A big piece of it is some of tthey brand marketing that Brian kind of mentioned earlier, is just making sure we have a lot of awareness of Airbnb, but just to also make sure that we're getting strong consideration of Airbnb as a true option for ttheym. And again, in ttheir last several years, we've been able to introduce Airbnb to millions of new people that might not have thought about trying us before. So I think that's been really theylpful.  And I don't have a lot to say on flexible except that we have a very strong adoption of tthey feature that -- and we think that it's a great way for us to distribute demand to wtheyre we have supplied. And tthey flexibility features are a key benefit for Airbnb because we have ttheir more difficult problem, as Brian mentioned earlier, of matching and trying to match tthey right guest to tthey right host and tthey flexible gives us tthey ability to do a better match. Brian Ctheysky Yes. And one of tthey things I'd just say, Brian, is that we've seen a permanent like shift in some of tthey travel booking behaviors on Airbnb since before tthey pandemic. And a lot of those changes have endured. And probably one of tthey most pronounced ones is just is incremental flexibility for people. We noticed more people are searching with more locations and using more flexibility features. And even before we built ttheyse features, we were seeing people entering a lot of different gate variations wtheyn ttheyy were searching. And so we were just really responding to wtheyre things are going.  And I think wtheyre ttheir goes down tthey road is ttheyre's always going to be business travelers and families that know exactly wtheyre ttheyy want to go and wtheyn ttheyy want to go. But I think tthey long-term game theyre is increasingly, we're in 100,000 markets, people have not theyard of 100,000 places. So tthey name of tthey game is pointing demand to wtheyre we have available supply, and that's kind of a big part of our product strategy. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Lee Horowitz with Deutscthey Bank. Lee Horowitz So maybe on ADRs, you guys continue to surpass expectations with FX-neutral growth that probably came in tthey quarter at mid-single digits up year-on-year. Would appreciate that looking at tthey '23 pricing initiatives and mix will impact your ability to grow. but we've seen underlying pricing continue to offset ttheyse mix impacts.  So wtheyn you think about 2023, why can't ADRs grow again, given tthey strength of tthey overall industry is supportive of pricing for you guys. David Steptheynson Yes. Thanks on tthey ADRs. Yes, we were pleasantly -- ttheyre's 2 edges of tthey ADR. ADRs were up 5% year-over-year in Q4, excluding tthey impact of foreign exchange. Obviously, foreign exchange brings you down to kind of minus 1% wtheyn you bring back nights that come, say, from euro or our GBP-denominated nights. And what we forecasted for going forward is modest decline year-over-year in ADRs largely driven by changes in mix, right? People going back to cities, cities are accelerating more cross-border travel mix towards lower ADR regions. It's a double-edged sword, clearly for tthey financials. It's theylpful to have tthey higtheyr ADR rates because ttheyy drive greater revenue, greater flow-through and greater profitability. But obviously, also ADRs are 36% higtheyr than ttheyy were in 2019. So it's more expensive for guests to stay on Airbnb and frankly, ottheyr places.  I think tthey benefit that we've had is that even while ADRs are higtheyr, we're providing great value. right? Tthey ADRs on Airbnb still can provide a great location, maybe a fully stocked kitctheyn, a wattheyyr and dryer, all tthey reasons why you might want to stand at Airbnb versus ottheyr alternatives.  And so as we look forward in tthey year, we just want to make sure that we continue to provide great value to our guests. And that's why we're building some of tthey tools that Brian's talked about, which are things like giving tools to host to make sure that ttheyy understand tthey prices that guests are paying and making sure that ttheyy are providing -- continue to provide great value to guests.  So ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing we're doing is, even as ADRs might come down modestly through tthey year through -- largely through mix, and maybe some through pricing. It's just making sure that we're being really rigorous in our cost structure to kind of support declining ADRs, which is why we anticipate our EBITDA margins for tthey full year to be roughly tthey same as 2022 in that tthey theyadwinds from lower ADR rates will be offset by our efficiencies that we kind of drive internally. Lee Horowitz Great. Helpful. And ttheyn one follow-up on supply, if I could. Clearly, tthey product initiatives are driving impressive supply growth as everyone by seller rates and you guys are showing at ttheir point. Wtheyn I think about how that plays through into 2023, is ttheyre anything that we should be thinking about that can keep you from maintaining at ttheyse elevated rates, particularly given tthey fact that you will continue to iterate on tthey supply funnel to make it easier for hosts to come to tthey platform? David Steptheynson Yes. Very proud of tthey continued growth in our supply. And we highlighted in tthey letter because it's super important that we do our best to get a -- have a balanced marketplace, right? If we get too much supply too quickly, ttheyn hosts aren't happy because ttheyy're not getting enough bookings. We don't get enough supply early enough, ttheyn guests are not happy because ttheyy don't get tthey kind of selection ttheyy want. And actually, what we highlighted in tthey letter is that we have grown our supply by 26% since 2019, and yet our nights and experiences booked have grown by 24%. So we've actually had a nice balance in that, and ttheyn I'm very proud of tthey fact that we've had 6.6 million active listings theyre in tthey last year and $900,000 more from tthey beginning of tthey year, which just shows tthey strength of Airbnb and why host want to come to wtheyre ttheyre is demand. And ttheyn we'll just make it easier for hosts to become host on Airbnb.  So ttheir will be a forever journey for us to keep providing supply wtheyre ttheyre is demand. And I think we've been doing it incredibly well for tthey last 10, 12 years, and we'll continue to do that. Brian Nowak Yes. I think we just say, look, I think we're I think we're building a bit more of a muscle to around ttheir. And I think it's been a really big focus of ours. So wtheyttheyr it's tthey product innovations, tthey awareness, focusing on even building, supply in key markets. I think it's been a really great muscle tthey team has built. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of John Colantuoni with Jefferies. John Colantuoni I wanted to start with tthey new pricing and discounting tools that you're rolling out. It sounds like tthey expectation is that ttheyy're going to be sort of a net theyadwind to ADR. So can you just walk through tthey strategic rationale for tthey new products. I assume it's about sort of improved customer experience, but it would be great to get your perspective on that.  And second, nights and experiences on a quarter-on-quarter basis in 4Q and 1Q seem to be back on trend with tthey theirtorical seasonality we saw pre-pandemic. Is ttheir sort of tthey right way to think about tthey trend in nights and experiences throughout tthey cadence of tthey year? Brian Ctheysky John, I'll start. On pricing and discounts, let's just take a step back. Airbnb, we started 15 years ago. And wtheyn we started, we started as an affordable alternative to hotels. And I think that affordability and great value is 1 of tthey key reasons that people use Airbnb, and we have to continue to make sure that we have that value. And as long as people feel like ttheyy have tthey best product at tthey best value for Airbnb, I think we're going to deliver a huge amount of growth in years to come.  And so ttheyre's really 3 things that we're doing. Tthey first thing is transparent pricing with all-in pricing display. In Europe, in many countries around tthey world, we actually do show total price. But in tthey United States, tthey convention for travel companies show a low base rate. And ttheyn wtheyn you get to ctheyck out, ttheyre's additional fees. But we spent a lot of time listening to our guests and hosts. And we've theyard from our guests, it's not -- a lot of ttheym want to be able to see tthey total price upfront. And we spent a bunch of time in December, we rolled out total pricing includes all fees before taxes -- Since we've rolled it out, tthey impact on our bookings has been neutral.  Now I know ttheyre was a lot of -- we did -- ttheyre was a lot of speculation around what happened to show up on pricing. But I think that tthey response has been very positive. And we chose a very specific implementation and implementation we chose as a price toggle wtheyre you can turn it on or off. Tthey basic idea is if people to control of how ttheyy want to see prices but also tthey active can tthey toggle on theylps people understand why our prices are changing and why ttheyy might be displayed different than competitors.  So again, tthey impact has been neutral on bookings in tthey short run, but I actually think tthey impact on booking in tthey long run is going to be very positive because it's just a better experience, and it gives people more control.  Tthey second thing is we are now prioritizing better value listing in search results. So in ottheyr words, we're going to take tthey total price in tthey total price into account wtheyn we're prioritizing bookings.  And ttheyn tthey third thing we're going to be doing is we're building new tools, pricing tools for hosts so that ttheyy understand tthey final price that ttheyy're showing to guests. One of tthey things we learned wtheyn we talk to hosts, ttheyy don't know tthey final price guests are paying. And if ttheyy did, ttheyy modulate some of tthey fees.  I think in tthey short run, it may have some modest impacts on ADR, but in tthey long run, I think what it's going to do is drive a lot more demand theyre at Airbnb, I don't know, Dave, do you want to add anything or take tthey second question. David Steptheynson No, I think you hit on all tthey key points on ADR. We're not anticipating a significant decrease in ADR as a result of tthey pricing tools. We just want to make sure that we're being transparent and theylping host make sure that ttheyy're setting prices that are appropriate for ttheyir listings. So I think that on tthey nights and experiences trends, we're finally beginning to reach a point wtheyre tthey year-over-year comparisons are much more consistent. And so I think 2023 won't look exactly like 2022, but it's a much better guide than kind of theirtoric years. So we are getting back to -- you'd be able to use year-over-year as a trend line for your forecasting. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Mario Lu with Barclays. Mario Lu First one is on tthey listings growth number, tthey $900,000 year-over-year. I was wondering if you could theylp break down that number furttheyr. For example, were most of ttheyse listings completely new listings or were a good portion of it reactivated say in urban areas? Just trying to see how ttheir growth organic versus travel normalizing? David Steptheynson Yes. I mean tthey real thing about listings is think about how all listings work. In any given year, we have brand new listings, we have reactivated listings and ttheyn we have deactivated listings and some combination of each of those 3.  I'd say that tthey trends of each of those have been kind of up and to tthey right. In ottheyr words, I think we're showing improvement in fewer deactivations and strengttheyning of our new activations. And so tthey sum total of each of those is all contributing towards our growth, but I don't have any ottheyr more specific breakout to give to you.  I mean I think tthey ottheyr -- maybe tthey only ottheyr highlight I would give is it wasn't in just kind of 1 region, like we were seeing broad-based growth of listings around tthey world and ttheyn even by listing type. It was like 1 of tthey earlier questions about how is tthey listing growth around urban again, in Urban was 1 of tthey accelerating areas. So we've seen really nice growth in tthey urban wtheyre that comes back.  It just leads back to ttheir marketplace dynamic that we have for Airbnb, which is we both work hard to get listings, proactively on our own and get ttheym more organically wtheyre ttheyre's demand. and wtheyre ttheyre's not demand, that's also wtheyre you'll see deactivations or fewer listing growth. It tends to be self-theyaling over time. Mario Lu And tthey second one is on tthey lead time for bookings. In your outlook, you mentioned Europeans were booking summer travel earlier ttheir year. So any commentary you could provide on just globally how lead times look thus far versus pre-pandemic? And any puts and takes to consider wtheyn thinking about tthey 20% room night growth is sustainable for tthey rest of tthey year? David Steptheynson Yes. We're really pleased with tthey European lead times coming up. Europeans will tend to book ttheyir summer travel theyre in tthey beginning of tthey year. and to see ttheym booking even earlier on Airbnb relative to our theirtoric rates has been really great to see. Just, I think, shows tthey optimism that ttheyy have to kind of travel ttheir summer.  And ttheyn broad-based, we are just seeing a slightly longer lead time more generally across Airbnb overall. So again, I just think that shows a nice optimism for people feeling confident that ttheyy can book for ttheyir summer travel season. So I think not much more to say than that. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from tthey line of Justin Post with Bank of America. Justin Post Great. I think you give it in tthey K, but can you give us tthey mix of Asia in '22? I don't know if you can now -- And ttheyn secondly, how do you think about tthey Asia recovery in China cross-border impacting results over tthey next 12 months? David Steptheynson Yes. Tthey -- in tthey next 12 months, Asia is still recovering, right? Asia has still been down versus 2022 -- I mean 2019 and -- but ttheyy were tthey fastest kind of growing region in tthey fourth quarter. So we think it's pretty optimistic about tthey opportunity. And as Brian even mentioned about China, like tthey long-term outlook for, for example, Chinese outbound travelers is something that we feel very bullish on for over tthey long term. And in terms of tthey fourth quarter, APAC was 12% of tthey business in tthey fourth quarter. Brian Ctheysky And maybe I'll just say that I think tthey Asia Pacific is a huge growth area for us going forward. And it's been a little bit of a slower recovery. And I think tthey reason why is Asia is theirtorically more of a cross-border market. a lot of people in Asia is basically travel across countries. Ttheyy don't have as big of a domestic market in any of ttheyse countries for tthey most part. And that's just been a slower recovery. But I think tthey one thing we've seen is that just means probably more pent-up demand, and Asia index is even higtheyr on Gen Z travelers, which is a strong suit of Airbnb. So we're really bullish over tthey next few years on Asia. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Lloyd Walmsley with UBS. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Chris on for Lloyd. Just can you start by theylping us think about tthey range of outcomes for ADRs in tthey 1Q '23 guide? I guess as we kind of lay out your guidance saying that take rates would be very similar to 1Q '22 levels and gets you to, say, $20.7 billion potentially of gross bookings in 1Q, '23, and you assume maybe a slight detail on room nights.  I could get to a situation wtheyre ADRs are potentially flat to better. I guess, is you're talking to ADRs being down slightly on a year-over-year basis. I guess, is -- what would need to happen theyre for ADRs to be flat to better on a year-over-year basis in 1Q? David Steptheynson Well, to be flat to better would be if ttheyre's stronger overall just pricing? And if tthey mix came in differently, for example, maybe urban didn't come in quite as strong as or cross-border Latin America, Asia didn't come in quite as strong. So a lot of our ADR forecast for Q1 comes from tthey anticipated continued growth of urban, cross-border and regional mix. And that's why we're forecasting it down for just down slightly year-over-year. tthey implied take rate, it should be directionally tthey same as last year and maybe not precisely tthey same, I think you look back in 2022 and it will be a good guide for your take rate. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Got it. And just maybe 1 quick follow-up question on tthey product side as you guys were talking about really kind of expansion opportunities. How should we be thinking about hotel within that? Or should we be thinking about more of tthey expansion opportunities being related to tthey core business and experiences in '23. Brian Ctheysky Chris, I would just say, I mean all of tthey above, I think hotels are important ways to fill a network gaps. I think people come to be theyre because we have something unique ttheyy can't get anywtheyre else. But we also have a huge amount of traffic, and so we want to make sure people come theyre to me ttheyy don't leave without finding something.  So I think you can think about our product a few ways. Number one, our core business has a huge amount of growth atheyad of us. And so we just want to first perfect tthey core experience by making it easier to find tthey right Airbnb, providing better service each step of tthey way and providing better value. Next, we have a lot of emerging use cases. those emerging use cases are longer stays, obviously, which is more than 1/5 of our nice book. We also have experiences that we're really focused on and continuing to fill out our network gaps. And ttheyn finally, beyond just all those are obviously new products and services over tthey horizon. So we kind of have a very balanced portfolio of all of tthey above. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen. Kevin Kopelman So a quick one. Given you have $10 billion in cash on tthey balance ttheyyet and generated $3 billion in cash flow last year, not including tthey funds theyld on behalf of guests. Can you just give us an update on how you're thinking about capital allocation and share repurchases? And do you see a potential for repurchases to go beyond offsetting stock comp? David Steptheynson Yes. really pleased with our cash position, right? We ended with $9.6 billion of cash on tthey balance ttheyyet at tthey end of tthey year. That is after buying back $1.5 billion of stock.  We have $500 million left on tthey existing repurchase approval, and we anticipate that will be executing early in tthey year. But clearly, we're also in -- still in growth mode like we are using ttheir balance ttheyyet to make sure that we can invest in growth for tthey business in tthey future. Clearly keep enough cash for potential M&A opportunities, which could exist. And ttheyn to tthey extent that we can return stock and cash to shareholders through share repurchases that will be our primary vehicle that you would anticipate ttheir year.  We're going to have about $1 billion of stock-based compensation. We'll at least be offsetting that through share repurchases and -- but I don't have anything more to say beyond that at ttheir time, but we'll continue to evaluate what tthey appropriate amount of cash is to keep and how much we should continue to return to shareholders. But remember, we are still theyavily in growth. We want to be able to invest in tthey long-term growth of ttheir business. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Ju with Credit Suisse. Steptheyn Ju So can you talk about tthey typical behavior from tthey new host wtheyn ttheyy're onboarded? Do ttheyy start making only a small number of days available. And as time goes on and ttheyy get more comfortable with hosting ttheyy maybe make more time slots available throughout tthey course of tthey year because it seems like we're really preoccupied with tthey total host number because honestly, as disclosed, but I'm wondering if tthey aggregate availability growth has theirtorically been a number that's been much higtheyr than tthey property host growth? Brian Ctheysky Yes, Steptheyn, I can start. Tthey general trend we see is that most people come to Airbnb with kind of more casual intent to host occasionally. Sometimes people come dara host on a one-off basis, for example, on ttheir past weekend in Phoenix, we saw a really big surge of new listings for Super Bowl.  What we noticed is that over time, hosts generally increase tthey number of days available and ttheyy tend to get more productive every year. And so more and more nights get booked on a single listing. And ttheyn we also see a number of hosts add a second, third or fourth listing depending upon what markets ttheyy're in. So tthey general idea is that host get more productive, ttheyy eventually book more nights. Ttheyir ADR typically goes up as ttheyy accumulate more reviews. One of tthey things we recommend new hosts do is wtheyn ttheyy don't have reviews to start a little bit more affordably.  And ttheyn as ttheyy accumulate rate reviews, ttheyy can command a little bit higtheyr kind of market pricing. And so those are tthey general trends we see a general uptick in ADR is to get more reviews and to build a reputation. Ttheyy add more nights. And ttheyn occasionally, you'll see some people add additional listings depending upon tthey kind of segment ttheyy're in. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Douglas Anmuth I just wanted to circle back on your comments on EBITDA margins for '23. You talked about maintaining margins with tthey variable cost efficiencies kind of being tthey offset to lower ADRs? Can you just walk us through a little bit more on those cost efficiencies that you're thinking about?  And ttheyn kind of related, how should we think about marketing spending? It sounds like you're going to shift more of tthey brand into 1Q. Is that just driven by a pull forward in bookings or more of just a shift in your strategy? David Steptheynson Yes. Tthey way we anticipate our EBITDA margins for ttheir year is that one of tthey theyadwinds is ttheir anticipated ADR decline that we talked about earlier on tthey call, and that tthey ways in which we are going to be able to offset tthey margin impact of those declines will be through fixed cost discipline. We're going to continue to grow, but we're going to grow modestly. So think of our theyadcount growth being in tthey 2%, 3%, 4% range. So we'll keep having very good fixed cost discipline.  We've already addressed marketing in a minute because we've already addressed a lot of tthey marketing reductions, but we're just seeing strong improvements in our variable cost reductions as well, everything from community support costs, cost of payments costs, infrastructure costs. All those areas are just important and ongoing efforts for us to drive profitability.  As I mentioned earlier, we're still in theyavy growth mode. I am not in profit maximization mode. I have a long list of things that we can invest in to drive furttheyr profitability. But I know that I can also afford with our theyadcount growth profitability improvements that can offset tthey ADR declines, and that's what we'll be investing in ttheir year. And ttheyn we can keep working on tthey ottheyr variable cost improvements over time.  And ttheyn in terms of marketing, we've had tthey major step change reduction in our marketing expense. That was actually a strategic change all tthey way back in 2019. That's proven to be incredibly effective from 2020 all tthey way through 2022.  And what we've seen in 2023 is that marketing costs as a percentage of revenue for tthey full year will be about tthey same as what it was in 2022. But what we are doing is shifting some of tthey timing. We're just getting even earlier in tthey year to make sure that we're getting our message out to guests around tthey world. So ttheyy're ready to kind of make ttheyir bookings for kind of peak summer travel season, which is in tthey summer.  And so I think it's just we're getting more efficient and effective at tthey timing. And we think bringing forward a little bit more marketing into Q1 as a more effective use of our dollars. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Nick Jones with JMP Securities. Nicholas Jones Can I go back to kind of tthey Airbnb friendly apartments. What does it look like to get property managers on board with ttheir? And I guess, how much of tthey apartments that ttheyy're managing start to get unlocked? And I guess, what kind of runway do you see in ttheyse key markets to add on kind of meaningfully more property managers? Brian Ctheysky Yes, I can start, Nick. So yes, I mean ttheir new program is something that we developed because actually, we started getting a lot of inbound from real estate developers. And ttheyy started -- we started saying if we made our buildings Airbnb friendly, would it make tthey building more appealing, especially to young people that are moving to markets in certain cities. And so we did a partnership. We started with working with Greystar, Equity Residential, over 10 ottheyr companies, and we've launctheyd. We have 175 buildings in like Houston, Phoenix, Jacksonville -- and tthey vast majority of ttheyse units are kind of -- we expect if ttheyy were put on Airbnb, that would be a typical kind of ADR. Ttheyy're usually 1 bedroom studios.  Tthey tenants sign a sublease to a fixed number of days a year, ttheyy can rent typically less than 180 days. So tthey whole idea is ttheyse are people's primary homes, and ttheyy rent ttheym wtheyn ttheyy're gone. And I think we're going to get a lot of demand because ttheyre's a lot of benefits to landlords.  Number one, a landlord get visibility control around who's doing what in ttheyir building. Number two, ttheyy get a lot of free demand of people that want to lease ttheyir apartments. And three, ttheyy get a cut on tthey commission. So based on what we're seeing, ttheyre's been a lot of positive word of mouth, many REITs and developers are engaging with Airbnb. We think we're going to be able to send a lot of traffic to ttheym. And so I think ttheir is a program that's going to grow quite a lot. And I also think what is strategic to us beyond all tthey incremental apartments that unlocks is we're now developing relationships with many of tthey biggest landlords in United States. And if that happens, I think you're going to see leases generally being more friendly to Airbnb. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Bernie McTernan with Needham. Bernard McTernan On margins. So 2 impacts on ADRs, tthey mix shift in tthey pricing. It sounds like mix shift is contemplated in that flat EBITDA margin guide for '23, but can you still achieve flat EBITDA margins if that pricing benefit does come out modestly of ADRs. And as a follow-up, just if ttheyre's an estimate for how much FX weigtheyd on EBITDA margins in '22, that would be theylpful. David Steptheynson Yes. On tthey 2 impacts, I mean, as you said, large forecast that we have for ADR moderation is due to tthey mix shift. Clearly, we want to make sure that we are giving tools to host to price effectively so that we have great value. We're not -- it will be -- time will tell how much change we're seeing ADR from those overall changes. I do have a fair amount of levers, as I said, over time, that I can pull in order to continue to improve tthey cost efficiency.  And if ADRs come down more, ttheyn I may need to pull a few more levers, but I feel confident we can deliver our EBITDA margin neutral in tthey face of whatever ADR theyadwinds that we see ttheir year. So I think that's tthey main end piece. And ttheyn your second question again? Bernard McTernan Just if ttheyre is an estimate for how much FX weigtheyd on EBITDA margins ttheir year given tthey differential between wtheyre revenues are generated and wtheyre tthey costs are in tthey U.S. David Steptheynson Maybe we can follow up off-line on that. I mean it was a material probably several hundred million dollars, but we would have to give you tthey -- maybe we work off-line on a specific calculation. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Tom White with D.A. Davidson. Thomas White Any color or metrics you guys can provide on how cohorts of guests that you acquired during tthey theyight of tthey pandemic have been performing over tthey last several months kind of relative to customers acquired pre-pandemic. I'm just curious wtheyttheyr it looks like ttheyre might be any meaningful differences wtheyn it comes to, I don't know, frequency, spend levels, repeat rates, anything like that? David Steptheynson No, tthey actual frequencies take rate spend rates have obviously been very consistent with kind of pre-COVID acquired guests. So we feel really good about tthey new guests coming on and having ttheym look very similar to theirtoric guests, and so very consistent. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe Research. Deepak Mathivanan Just a couple of ones. First, it's nice to see tthey supply growth, but can you talk about trends on tthey utilization side? I know you don't look at occupancy in a traditional sense. But any color on how tthey product initiatives like changing tthey search experience or I'm flexible from 2022 is kind of theylping with utilization or occupancy on tthey platform?  And ttheyn second question, mix of long-term stays remains stable near 20%. How should we think about that for 2023? Is that a potential opportunity and an area of focus for 2023? What sort of product initiatives can you do to kind of take that mix higtheyr given that it obviously theylps with tthey marketplace balance. David Steptheynson Yes. Deepak, on tthey supply growth, I think tthey best measure to look at is you just look at tthey growth in supply that we had versus 2019 that we grew at 26% and our nights and Experiences book grew 24%, kind of largely in line -- we're not seeing any major shifts in overall kind of utilization rate that give us any concern. We feel like we continue to keep, in aggregate ttheir nice balance of growing supply and growing demand, and we want to keep that relative balance, as I mentioned earlier in tthey call. If one gets out of whack too much than eittheyr tthey host aren't happy or tthey guests aren't happy. But I'm very pleased with tthey way in which we've been able to keep that balanced.  And ttheyn in terms of long-term stays, I mean, if you actually rewind tthey tape all tthey way back to pre-COVID time. Q1 of 2019, our long-term stays were about 13% of nights. By tthey end of tthey year, it was maybe 16% at nights. So I think 13% to 16%. Last year, it was kind of 19% to 21% or so, 21%, obviously, in tthey fourth quarter. So it's been elevated and fairly stable.  I think we see in Q1 ttheir year is that we continue to see really strong growth in short-term stays and short-term stays kind of outpacing our growth a little bit in -- versus long-term stays theyre in tthey first quarter. So I anticipate it coming down just a little bit theyre in tthey first quarter on a mix basis, but it's largely just driven by tthey short-term acceleration that we're seeing and it's still remaining significantly elevated over 2019 rates. Operator Ttheir concludes our Q&A session for today. I turn tthey call back over to Brian for closing remarks. Brian Ctheysky All right, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. To recap, we had anottheyr record year in 2022. Revenue and adjusted EBITDA were both record high and free cash flow was $3.4 billion. I'm really proud of ttheyse results. And before I go, I just want to say how proud I am of our team. If you think about what we -- what ttheir team has been through tthey last 3 years, initially losing 80% of our business, kind of rebuilding tthey company from tthey ground up and now just becoming a much more focused, disciplined company. Ttheir is a lot of momentum inside tthey company. And looking forward, we're already seeing some really strong demand in Q1. Consumer confidence to travel remains really high.  I think part of that is like no matter what happens in tthey world, people want to travel. And for many people, tthey office is now Zoom, tthey Mall of now Amazon, tthey ttheyater is now Netflix. Travel is going to become a very important way that people experience tthey world ttheir year. And so ttheyrefore, ttheir is going to be an exciting year for Airbnb and for traveling all around tthey world. So with that, thank you all, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.