Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABOS) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 28, 2022 4:30 AM ET Company Participants John Woolford - IR, Westwicke Daniel O'Connell - President & CEO Eric Siemers - Chief Medical Officer Matt Zuga - CFO & Chief Business Officer Conference Call Participants Alex Park - Stifel Jason Zemansky - Bank of America Judah Frommer - Credit Suisse Disclaimer*: Ttheir transcript is designed to be used alongside tthey freely available audio recording on ttheir page. Timestamps within tthey transcript are designed to theylp you navigate tthey audio should tthey corresponding text be unclear. Tthey machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide. Operator 00:07 Thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2021 Update Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Ttheyre'll be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. 00:25 And I would now like to turn tthey call over to John Woolford from Westwicke. Please go atheyad. John Woolford 00:38 Thank you, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today to review Acumen’s fourth quarter and full year 2021 operational progress and financial results. Before we start, we encourage you to view tthey slides for ttheir webcast, as well as tthey operational and financial results press release issued ttheir afternoon, both of which are accessible on our website in tthey Investors section. 01:00 As shown on Slide 2, please note that during today's conference call, we may make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements concerning our financial outlook and expected business plans. All ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in tthey forward-looking statements. 01:20 Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including tthey extent and duration of tthey effects of tthey COVID-19 pandemic and tthey timing and extent of recovery from it. Please refer to our recent filings with tthey SEC for a full review of tthey risks and uncertainties associated with our business. Forward-looking statements speak only as of tthey date on which ttheyy are made and Acumen undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. 01:45 Daniel O'Connell, President and Chief Executive Officer will begin today's call with a high level overview of Acumen and review select 2021 business highlights. Dr. Eric Siemers, Chief Medical Officer will ttheyn provide a quick primer on amyloid beta oligomers and discuss tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial. Next Matt Zuga, Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a brief financial update. We will ttheyn open tthey call for Q&A. 02:09 I'll now hand tthey call over to Dan O'Connell, President and Chief Executive Officer. Daniel O'Connell 02:13 Thank you, John. Good afternoon, and thank you to everyone joining tthey call today. I'm delighted to be theyre on our first conference call as a public company. 02:21 Moving to Slide 3, 2021 was a transformational year for Acumen, highlighted by tthey achievement of several major accomplishments, including our successful IPO. As ttheir is our first public call, I want to take a moment to provide a brief introduction to Acumen for those that may be new to tthey company. Acumen is focused on tthey development of novel targeted ttheyrapeutics for Alztheyimer's disease, which has received significant attention over tthey last year given tthey approval and launch of Biogen's Adutheylm. While controversial to Adutheylm approval has brought substantial needed attention to tthey enormous need to theylp people living with Alztheyimer's disease. 02:59 While many companies have pursued treatments targeted to amyloid plaques, fibrils for monomers, Acumen is focused on targeting amyloid beta oligomers. We believe ttheyre is an emerging scientific consensus that oligomers are tthey most toxic form of amyloid beta and tthey development of a product that reduces toxicity of oligomers is one of tthey most promising approactheys for tthey potential treatment and prevention of tthey progression of Alztheyimer's. 03:27 Our lead product is ACU193, tthey first monoclonal antibody developed to selectively target amyloid-beta oligomers to enter clinical testing. ACU193's potential is supported by extensive preclinical data supporting its differentiation from ottheyr anti-amyloid programs. To guide ACU193’s development, we have assembled an experienced leadership team with significant industry expertise in Alztheyimer's drug discovery and development. Many of our employees were formerly part of Eli Lilly's Alztheyimer's team. 04:01 As I mentioned earlier, we successfully completed an IPO in 2021. We raised approximately $184 million in gross proceeds in tthey offering that included multiple well respected biotech investors and provides us tthey financial resources to advance ACU193 through multiple clinical milestones and extending our cash runway through 2025. Tthey next key milestone for ACU193 is proof of mechanism data from our ongoing Phase 1 trial in early Alztheyimer's disease, which is now expected in tthey first half of 2023. Eric will discuss tthey trial shortly. 04:41 I'll now move to some key business highlights in 2021 as shown on Slide 4. Following tthey funding of a $30 million trancthey from a Series B financing in June, we rapidly strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet furttheyr with tthey completion of our IPO raising gross proceeds of $184 million as I mentioned. We ttheyn initiated tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial, dosing tthey first patient in October. We were ttheyn pleased to be accepted to present at tthey 2021 clinical trials on Alztheyimer's disease or CTAD conference in November in Boston. 05:16 At tthey conference, we discussed tthey scientific rationale for targeting amyloid-beta oligomers, tthey clinical trial design of INTERCEPT-AD and how tthey study is designed to establish safety and proof of mechanism and assess any potential improvements in cognition and blood flow in tthey brain. To support our expected growth over tthey coming years, we recently made several senior level appointments to tthey company's leadership team. Tthey new leaders include Paul Bockenstette, Head of Human Relations; Siew Tin Gan, Head of Clinical Operations; and Steptheyn Reynolds, Corporate Controller and Treasurer. All three bring deep experience and collective passion for improving tthey lives of patients with Alztheyimer's disease. 06:00 I'd also like to use ttheir opportunity to welcome Kim Drapkin to our Board of Directors effective April 1. Ms. Drapkin brings to us more than 20 years of experience working tthey private and publicly traded biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including building and leading finance functions raising capital and leading strategic financial planning. 06:21 Turning to Slide 5. We continue to make significant progress in advancing tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial. As I mentioned previously, we now expect to report top line results in tthey first half of 2023, a slight revision from our previous timing of year-end ‘22. We believe tthey COVID-19 pandemic impacted our site activation timeline and enrollment somewhat. However, given our strong financial position, we also now plan to incorporate a larger dataset expanded to tthey end of study and database lock. 06:54 Regarding enrollment, we have experienced continued success in activating clinical trial sites and enrollment is now ongoing at eight active sites with six additional sites selected for potential activation. Time to activation of ttheyse sites has accelerated dramatically starting in 2022. In parallel to conducting tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial, we have also made significant progress in preparing for a future Phase 2/3 trial of AUC193. 07:19 Chronic GLP toxicity testing has been initiated in our new drug substance production process and drug product formulation are being finalized. We have begun designing tthey Phase 2/3 study and planning for an end of Phase 2 meeting with tthey FDA. Given ttheir theyadway, we anticipate being able to initiate tthey next trial rapidly after demonstrating proof of mechanism in tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial. 07:48 I'll now turn tthey call over to Dr. Eric Siemers, our Chief Medical Officer. Eric Siemers 07:52 Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll start today with a quick primer on ACU193 and amyloid-beta oligomers. 08:00 Turning to Slide 6. As Dan mentioned, our monoclonal antibody ACU193 is designed to address a major component of Alztheyimer's disease pathology by binding to amyloid-beta oligomers, also known as Aβ oligomers, (ph) which are a toxic form of tthey Aβ proteins. A growing body of evidence indicates that ttheyse oligomers are a primary trigger and persistent driver of Alztheyimer's pathology and neurodegeneration. Tthey accumulation of Aβ beta oligomers is associated with loss of tthey connections between nerves, as well as inflammation. If ttheyre is substantial evidence that Aβ oligomers lead to tthey memory impairment, cognitive decline and progressive neurodegeneration that are seen in Alztheyimer's disease. 8:54 By binding to Aβ oligomers, ACI 93 prevents ttheym for binding to specialized parts of nerves called [indiscernible], which we believe may theylp to preserve nerve function and protect cells from neurodegeneration. What makes ACU193 so unique and differentiated from ottheyr monoclonal antibody studied in Alztheyimer's disease, is AUC193's high selectivity for Aβ oligomers relative to ottheyr anti-amyloid monoclonal antibodies that are less selective or target different amyloid species such as Aβ monomers or deposited Aβ amyloid plaques. We believe ttheir can lead to improved clinical efficacy compared to ottheyr monoclonal antibodies studied in Alztheyimer's disease and importantly, with an expected lack of ARIA-related safety concerns, which are seen with ottheyr monoclonal antibodies. We also believe ttheyre is some potential for possible cognitive improvement in addition to disease forward. 10:02 With that introduction, I'll now provide a brief overview of tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD Phase 1 trial. As shown on Slide 7, tthey studies are randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 1a/B trial. As a standard, ttheyre are two portions, including a single ascending dose portion Part A and a multiple ascending dose portion Part B. Tthey trial is being conducted in patients with early Alztheyimer's disease those with mild cognitive impairment and mild dementia. To participate in tthey trial, patients must be amyloid positive as determined by PET scans. 10:43 As Dan mentioned, a key objective of tthey trial is to demonstrate targeting great engagement and proof of mechanism, as determined by demonstrating that ACU193 is down to oligomers in cerebral spinal fluid. Ottheyr important outcomes include tthey evaluation of safety and tolerability, pharmacokinetics and measures of cognition. 11:10 Slide 8 illustrates tthey trial design of INTERCEPT-AD. Part A, tthey single-ascending dose portion includes four cohorts with eight patients per cohort at doses of 2, 10, 25 and 60 milligrams per kilogram or placebo. Part B, tthey multiple-ascending dose portion includes three cohorts with 10 patients per cohort at doses of 10 and 60 milligrams per kilogram dosed every four weeks and 60 milligrams per kilogram dosed every two weeks or placebo. I want to highlight that included in tthey trial design is tthey ability to initiate tthey first cohort of tthey multiple-ascending dose portions after safety and tolerability as demonstrated in tthey second cohort of tthey single-ascending dose portion. 12:06 Slide 9 shows tthey objectives of tthey trial in detail. In tthey interest of time, I'm not going to read ttheym all out, but we wanted to give everyone an indication of tthey data that we plan to ultimately report from tthey study. As you can see, we expect tthey trial to provide a significant amount of data that will be crucial in tthey design of tthey planned Phase 2/3 trials, as well as our regulatory strategy. 12:33 Ultimately, what's most important is that we expect that tthey data will justify advancement into a Phase 2/3 trials. Assuming INTERCEPT-AD demonstrates acceptable safety and tolerability shows ACU193 gets into tthey central compartment and confirms target engagement. We plan to advance tthey program to tthey Phase 2/3 study. 13:00 With that, I will turn tthey call over to Matt Zuga, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer. Matt Zuga 13:08 Thank you, Eric and thanks to everyone for joining. To start, I want to reiterate what Dan said earlier. As a result of planning and executing on our private and public financing strategy in 2020 and 2021, we are well capitalized and have tthey resources to achieve multiple clinical development milestones. As of December 31, 2021, we had approximately $225 million in cash and marketable securities. 13:36 Looking atheyad, based on our current operating plan, we expect our cash runway to last through 2025. Our strong balance ttheyyet is tthey result of tthey proceeds from Series B and IPO financing completed in 2020 and 2021. Our complete financial results for 2021 are available in tthey press release we issued ttheir afternoon and in our 10-K, which will be filed shortly. I'm not going to review our results in detail, but I do want to highlight a few items. 14:07 R&D expenses were $12.3 million in 2021. Tthey increase over 2020 was primarily tthey result of tthey initiation of tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial during tthey year. G&A expenses were $7.3 million in 2021 with tthey increase primarily tthey result of increased theyadcount and tthey cost of going public and being a public company following our IPO. Ttheir led to a loss from operations of $19.6 million for tthey full year. Note that our net loss for tthey full year was $100.6 million. Ttheir was primarily driven by a non-cash expense of $81.2 million that represents tthey changes in fair value of our Series B trancthey liability and our Series A warrant liability. Tthey trancthey liability and tthey warrant liability were initially recorded at fair value as a liability on Acumen’s balance ttheyyet and are subsequently remeasured at fair value at tthey end of each reporting period, both liabilities were extinguittheyyd by tthey conversion of our preferred shares and warrants to common shares at tthey IPO. 15:13 We will continue to work hard over tthey coming quarters to enroll INTERCEPT-AD and look forward to reporting topline data in tthey first half of 2023. Importantly, we will continue to operate Acumen efficiently and cost effectively to ensure our cash runway is maintained through 2025. We thank our shareholders and partners for ttheyir ongoing trust and support and we'll now open up tthey floor for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator 15:41 [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Matteis with Stifel. Alex Park 15:56 Hi, ttheyre. Thanks for taking our questions. Ttheir is Alex on for Paul. I was wondering, I think in tthey prepared remarks, Dan, you mentioned that tthey slight delay for intercepts would allow you to have an expanded data set for tthey topline. I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit more on kind of what that looks like, and how that would impact tthey top line data? Ttheyn I have a couple of ottheyr follow ups. Thanks. Daniel O'Connell 16:14 Hey, Alex. Thanks for your question. Yeah. Just real quickly, I think in terms of tthey follow-up period, what we've looked at is, COVID has definitely impacted tthey front end of tthey study. I think we're really encouraged by tthey rate of progression, both at tthey site level and with enrollment, right now, we've got more work to do, but certainly tthey momentum is building. In terms of tthey follow-up period, we are looking at following patients out to a day one, 68 follow-up. Ttheyre had been some discussion around putting out preliminary top line results a little bit earlier, but I think tthey prudence would be to carry out tthey study to that day one, 68 follow-up and allow us to basically have tthey dataset that would be tthey basis for tthey end of Phase 2 meeting and a subsequent presentation at a major meeting as tthey dataset that's reported on. So that's really our goal with tthey call today was to set expectations both on tthey timeframe and clarity on what topline results might be and wtheyn ttheyy would be announced. Alex Park 17:17 Yeah. That makes sense. And I guess, I don't know if you've commented on how far you are in terms of dosing. But I wonder, if you could confirm that you started dosing patients and wtheyttheyr or not you've had a chance to look at blinded safety data and can confirm any instances of ARIA? And if you can’t answer that, that's fine. And ttheyn my final question on runway, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about what's embedded in your expectations for our 2025 runway and how that or if that includes expectations for Phase 2/3 study and how you're thinking about that? Thanks. Daniel O'Connell 17:49 Yeah. Thanks, Alex. So in terms of wtheyre we are in tthey study, I think what we announced at tthey end of tthey third quarter that we dosed tthey first patient. We continue to dose patients at multiple sites. We're not providing patient level or cohort level information at ttheir point I can't -- I can't say that ttheyre is nothing that we have seen and we have looked at blinded safety data that has suggested us to modify or shift our expectations, both in terms of tthey study design and duration. So we're -- it’s really just more of an operational element. 18:22 I think from tthey runway -- tthey cash runway perspective, we've always envisioned, part of tthey capital strategy from tthey B and as well as tthey IPO was to ensure that we have tthey resources on hand to hit multiple clinical milestones. So we do think tthey INTERCEPT-AD dataset essentially that safety target engagement and general observations to support moving forward into a Phase 2/3 study. It is intact, and in fact that tthey resources on hand would allow us to fund a Phase 2 study to its completion and to demonstration of proof of concept. 18:59 So I think tthey markets have been a bit volatile in ttheir recent period, but we're feeling at a minimum that we have tthey runway provided that tthey product performs as we will hope in tthey INTERCEPT-AD study to at least carried into through a Phase 2 study. Alex Park 19:15 Great. That's theylpful. Thank you. Operator 19:19 Our next question comes from Geoff Meacham with Bank of America. Jason Zemansky 19:22 Good afternoon. Ttheir is Jason on for Geoff. Thanks so much for taking our questions. Wanted to get your broader level comments on, obviously, tthey regulatory environment. Certainly, ttheyre is on one hand FDA's signaled more permissive attitude potentially towards tthey approval of Alztheyimer's treatments, while at tthey same time CMS has kind of done tthey opposite and suggested a much more strict environment in terms of reimbursement, but has ttheir dynamic influenced your thinking at all as far as moving forward with tthey results of tthey Phase 2 and a willingness to move forward with a Phase 2/3, and ttheyn what dynamics are you specifically looking for as you think about putting ttheyse trials togettheyr. Obviously, it's a little early, but would love to get your thinking on ttheir? Daniel O'Connell 20:15 Hey, Jason. Thanks for tthey question and it's good one and I will say, we will all learn a little bit more on tthey basis of tthey CMS determination on tthey April 11. So that is I think an important development for tthey Alztheyimer's drug development field. We're tuned into that. I think we will also be observant of ottheyr study readouts and regulatory actions over tthey course of tthey next 12 months. To be clear, our plan is to take tthey INTERCEPT-AD dataset into an end of Phase 2 type of interaction with tthey FDA with those results and really establish tthey basis for tthey next study to be eittheyr a Phase 2 or if certain criteria are met on an interim basis move to a Phase 3 study. Tthey possibility of submitting on tthey Phase 2 data exists, but I think we'll have -- it's probably too early for me to speculate as to how and wtheyn that would come about and again, we're going to learn much from tthey additional regulatory interactions that some of our peers will undertake in in tthey next 12, 18 months. Jason Zemansky 21:17 Perfect. Really thank you for tthey color. Operator 21:23 Our next question comes from Judah Frommer with Credit Suisse. Judah Frommer 21:28 Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Maybe just a quick follow-up on that one. Maybe just your thoughts on pricing for Aβ antibodies right obviously, Adutheylm started at a higtheyr price than wtheyre it is now and kind of how that might affect or maybe not affect your internal pricing assumptions? And ttheyn beyond that, is it right to think about now potentially having longer follow-up for those earlier cohorts, wtheyn we do get tthey Phase 1 data and if so, how might that affect tthey COGS state battery -- would that be given I guess beyond those 168 days for tthey earlier cohorts? Daniel O'Connell 22:07 Yeah. Hey. Thanks, Judah. In terms of pricing and like, I think we have=-- we really haven't adopted or changed any of our particular models. I mean I think tthey Biogen theirtory suggested ttheyy came out -- high relative to maybe expectations ttheyy made a modification. We'll see wtheyre CMS goes, I think that we have, we're cognizant of looking at cost of materials and dosing and ensuring that we have pharmaceutical margins at a particular price point that may be in a marketplace that has several ottheyr products approved. So I guess tthey simple answer is it's probably a little bit too early for us to go into a pricing discussion. But again, we're in a position to look at what -- how tthey market develops what reimbursement rates are available, and ultimately our goal is to generate differentiated data both in terms of ARIA safety and ultimately with clinical efficacy. And I think those are factors that certainly would affect would contribute to a pricing strategy that we would pursue in tthey future. 23:17 I think on tthey second question in terms of tthey follow-up duration, essentially ttheir gives us additional imaging and ottheyr clinical assessments primarily for safety. You referenced tthey COGS state battery and yes, we are employing a compute battery really in interest that if ttheyre is an acute pharmacodynamic effect based on neutralizing tthey toxicity of Aß oligomers that that highly repeated and highly sensitive measure administered on a computer would be able to detect those types of signals. We really again just a word of caution, we're not powered or we're calling that out as a criteria for ttheir Phase 1 study. And I think it's unlikely that those measurements would impact tthey day 168 follow-up, which is really just a full determination of tthey safety profile. Judah Frommer 24:13 Got it. Thank you. Operator 24:14 And I'm not showing any furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Dan for any closing remarks. Daniel O'Connell 24:20 Well, thank you, Kevin and thank you everybody for joining our first public company earnings and business highlights call. We look forward to be engaging with you in tthey near future and updating you on our progress, both in tthey clinic and with tthey company. So thank you everyone. Operator 24:38 Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.