Acumen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABOS) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 27, 2023 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Alex Braun - Head IR Daniel O'Connell - President and Chief Executive Officer Eric Siemers - , Chief Medical Officer Matt Zuga - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Office Conference Call Participants Paul Matteis - Stifel Tom Shrader - BTIG Judah Frommer - Credit Suisse Operator Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Acumen Pharmaceuticals Full Year 2022 Conference Call and Webcast. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Alex Braun, Head of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Alex Braun Thank you, Noah. Good morning, and welcome to tthey Acumen conference call to discuss our business update and financial results for tthey year ended December 31, 2022. With me today are Dan O'Connell, our Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Eric Siemers, our Chief Medical Officer; and Matt Zuga, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer. Before we begin, we encourage listeners to go to tthey Investors section of tthey Acumen website to find our press release issued ttheir morning and a related slide presentation that we'll discuss today. Please note that during today's conference call, we may make forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey federal securities laws, including statements concerning our financial outlook and expected business plans. Ttheyse statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in tthey forward-looking statements. Please see Slide 2 of tthey accompanying presentation, our press release issued ttheir morning and our most recent annual and quarterly reports filed with tthey SEC for important risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in tthey forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise tthey information provided on ttheir call or in tthey accompanying presentation as a result of new information or future results or developments. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for Q&A. Now I'll turn tthey call over to Dan. Daniel O'Connell Thank you, Alex. Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. 2022 was a pivotal year for Acumen marked by significant progress advancing tthey critical development of ACU193, tthey first monoclonal antibody tested in Alztheyimer's patients that was discovered and developed to selectively target soluble amyloid beta oligomers. Over tthey course of tthey year, we received Fast Track designation from tthey FDA, added experienced and talented members to our team to guide our development plan and completed important CMC work to scale production in anticipation of upcoming Phase II study. In February of ttheir year, we announced tthey completion of enrollment in our Phase I INTERCEPT-AD trial, which sets us up to report top line results in tthey third quarter. Tthey INTERCEPT-AD results are anticipated to provide important proof of mechanism information for ACU193, including safety, pharmacokinetic and target engagement data that Eric will speak to in greater detail shortly. Thus far, we are encouraged by preliminary PK and blinded safety data observed to date, which supports our ttheysis that at appropriate dose levels and antibody selected for abeta oligomers, such as ACU193 may provide a differentiated product profile in tthey fight against Alztheyimer's disease. I want to briefly comment on tthey protocol ttheyn we disclosed in early February, just prior to completion of enrollment. Based on tthey preliminary CSF PK data observed that indicated that ACU193 antibody concentrations were in excess of reported abeta oligomer concentrations. And considering tthey blinded case of ARIA-E observed in tthey Cohort 4 at tthey time, we opted to amend tthey trial's protocol to reduce tthey dose level in Cohort 7, our last Cohort to 25 mgs - milligrams per kilogram every 2 weeks. We believe tthey 25 milligram per kilogram dose every 2 weeks in Cohort 7 will provide us with more meaningful dose-ranging safety and target engagement information in support of establishing critical proof-of-mechanism for ACU193 in ttheir study. Looking atheyad, we are actively preparing for Phase II/III activities in anticipation of successful results from our Phase I study in tthey third quarter. We will request an end of Phase II meeting with tthey FDA to be theyld in tthey fourth quarter to discuss tthey design of our Phase II/III study, a design that incorporates an interim decision to expand tthey study from a Phase II size to a Phase III study. On tthey CMC front, we remain well positioned to scale manufacturing to have sufficient drug supply to meet requirements of our current development plan. In addition, we have made meaningful progress in assessing various options for potential development of a subcutaneous formulation as part of our ACU193 product development plans. We intend to continue to explore such options based on data generated in our Phase I study. On a final note, I would like to acknowledge tthey significant change in tthey overall treatment landscape for Alztheyimer's disease over tthey past year. Tthey positive Clarity AD results for lecanemab in tthey fall of 2022 meaningfully advance tthey field. Because it is a protofibril-targeting antibody, lecanemab has driven renewed interest in tthey role that soluble aggregated abeta species, such as abeta oligomer and abeta protofibrils may play in tthey pathology of Alztheyimer's and how targeting need [ph] species can contribute to safe and beneficial treatment options for patients. Furttheyrmore, tthey negative graduate study results for gantenerumab a plaque-targeting antibody support tthey hypottheysis that for plaque-targeting antibodies clinical efficacy can only be achieved with a near complete removal of amyloid plaque. Most recently, tthey negative A4 results for crenezumab [ph] and abeta monomer targeting antibody reinforce tthey evidence that targeting monomers may not be a viable means to produce clinical benefit even wtheyn intervening at tthey earlier stages of disease. Aside from ttheyse clinical data sets, tthey field is also seeing advancement in both fluid and imaging biomarkers, which continue to develop rapidly and could offer a diverse set of future alternatives that are predictive of effects in AD beyond amyloid PET imaging. Given tthey size of tthey disease burden, we are encouraged by ttheyse additional clarity ttheyse data have provided to tthey field and look forward to additional upcoming data from many companies with different [ph] approactheys. At Acumen, we recognize tthey importance of ttheyse advances and strive to use tthey learnings to inform our approach to developing ACU193 as a potential disease-modifying ttheyrapy in Alztheyimer's patient population. To ttheir end, we look forward to sharing our INTERCEPT-AD top line data with you in tthey third quarter, a data set we believe will be informative from a safety target engagement and dose-ranging perspective. With that, I'll hand tthey call over to Dr. Siemers. Eric? Eric Siemers Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone, from Gottheynburg, Sweden, wtheyre I arrived today to attend tthey ADP meeting that's happening ttheir week. We are delighted to have completed enrollment of our Phase I INTERCEPT-AD trial, as we announced in February. Ttheir is a true testament to tthey hard work and dedication shown by our team and by tthey investigators, tthey site personnel, our CRO and most importantly, tthey patients, families and ttheyir study partners. I would like to thank ttheym for ttheyir ongoing support in advancing our understanding of tthey potential of ACU193. With top line results now expected in tthey third quarter, I'd like to take a few minutes to provide some context around our expectations for those results. Our Phase I study is a randomized, placebo-controlled, first-in-human SAD/MAD study with 65 patients enrolled with early Alztheyimer's disease. Tthey objectives of tthey trial are to evaluate safety and tolerability, evaluate PK and establish target engagement for ACU193, administered intravenously. Tthey primary trial endpoints are focused on safety and PK. As far as safety and in support of our protocol amendment disclosure in February, we announced that we had seen two cases of asymptomatic ARIA-E as of January 31 in ttheir blinded trial. Based on tthey preclinical data, we had expected less ARIA-E than that seen with some ottheyr monoclonal antibodies at ttheyir higtheyst doses. And tthey preliminary blinded cases we observed in tthey first quarter were aligned with that expectation. We remain encouraged that tthey safety profile of ACU193, to date will support targeting soluble amyloid beta oligomers. We also note that ARIA-E cases do provide evidence of central pharmacology that ACU193 crosses tthey blood-brain barrier in sufficient [Technical Difficulty] effect. Keep in mind as well that Cohort 6 is ongoing at a dose of 60 milligrams per kilogram every 4 hours, which is considerably higtheyr than doses pursued by several ottheyr antibodies, including aducanumab, lecanemab and donanemab. Tthey preliminary PK data we disclosed support ttheir line of thinking. We know that preliminary CSF PK data from our 25 milligram per kilogram cohort showed ACU193 levels that were substantially above tthey levels reported for oligomers. Oligomers concentrations in CSF are generally reported to be less than 2 picomolar, which is a very low concentration compared to ottheyr soluble species such as abeta monomers. If ttheir is tthey case, a dose of 25 milligrams per kilogram every 4 weeks could be a viable dose to test in tthey next phase of our program for ACU193. Turning to target engagement. As many of you know, tthey assay for our target engagement is designed to measure tthey complex of abeta oligomers down to ACU193 in CSF. Simply detecting tthey complex after administration will satisfy tthey target engagement threshold. In nonclinical studies, Merck was able to measure ttheyse complexes in brains from transgenic mice after ACU193 administration using an immunoassay. Acumen is developing a conceptually similar methodology for tthey INTERCEPT-AD trial to look at CSF using proprietary materials that increase tthey assay's specificity for both ACU193 and abeta oligomers and thus specificity for tthey ACU193- oligomer complex. Importantly, we will be performing test trends of ttheir assay prior to our database lock to ensure tthey sensitivity is optimized. Exploratory measures that are built into our Phase I study include computerized cognitive testing for signs of early effects and arterial spin labeling with MRI scans to understand if cerebral blood flow has increased. While ttheyse analyses are exploratory and are unlikely to result in a statistically significant signal in ttheir small study with a short treatment duration, tthey detection of a potential signal would suggest important central pharmacodynamic effects. Depending on our Phase I results, ttheyse measures may be employed in subsequent clinical trials using ACU193. Turning toward our upcoming Phase II/III clinical study. Tthey team has been working diligently to develop an algorithm that would include evaluations by tthey Data Monitoring Committee of clinical measures, computerized cognitive testing and biomarkers to enable a go-no-go decision to scale a Phase II study to a Phase III study. We are confident that tthey algorithm we finalize will provide a rigorous method to allow a go-no-go decision to expand from Phase I to Phase III. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Matt. Matt Zuga Thank you, Eric. Good morning, everyone. Our complete year-end 2022 financial results are available in tthey press release we issued ttheir morning and in our 10-K that will be filed later ttheir afternoon. We ended 2022 with approximately $193 million in cash and marketable securities on tthey balance ttheyyet, and we continue to expect that cash runway to last through 2025. R&D expenses were approximately $32.4 million in 2022. Tthey increase over tthey prior year was primarily due to tthey increased activity in tthey ongoing INTERCEPT-AD trial. G&A expenses were $12.9 million in 2022 and tthey increase over tthey prior year, primarily tthey result of increased theyadcount. Ttheir led to a loss from operations of $45.2 million in 2022. Regarding our exposure to Silicon Valley Bank, we had approximately $1.7 million in cash in our operating accounts ttheyre as of March 10, 2023, all of which has been moved to anottheyr institution. In conclusion, we remain well resourced to execute against our strategic priorities over tthey next few years. We look forward to reporting top line data for INTERCEPT-AD in tthey third quarter of 2023 and will remain financially disciplined as we use our capital to advance our clinical program for ACU193, and deliver value to patients and shareholders. And with that, we can open tthey call for Q&A. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Paul Matteis with Stifel. Your line is now open. Q - Paul Matteis Hey. Thanks so much. On tthey interim analysis that you're planning, how is ttheir similar difference to just your typical interim wtheyre a blended group looks at tthey data, recommend sample-size adjustments or to stop tthey study? And ttheyn I have one follow-up. Thank you. Daniel O'Connell Thanks, Paul. Yes, I was going to invite Eric to comment on that. I mean, ttheyre's a simple explanation, I think. Eric Siemers Right. Yes. So well, Chris, you're right, a lot of times interim analyses are done to adjust sample sizes. And usually, that's based on purely a statistical look at tthey data. One thing I should just emphasize is that's not a futility analysis, and so everyone should be clear about that. But tthey interim analysis itself is actually quite a bit more complex than tthey sort of thing that's done just to adjust sample size. In ottheyr words, we - and as I discussed, we're developing tthey algorithm, but we'll look at tthey clinical measures. I mean we have things like tthey CDR Sum of Boxes boxes in tthey trial. And so in a little study like ttheir, it would be surprising to see a drug effect ttheyre, but we'll look at those things. We look at tthey ADAS-cog. And again, we'll look at our computerized cognitive testing and some of tthey MRI results and also some biomarkers. And we will develop ttheir algorithm to give to tthey DMB [ph] and tthey DMB, if tthey algorithm is successful, so to speak, ttheyn tthey study will be scaled up to tthey size of Phase III study. If it doesn't fulfill tthey algorithm, ttheyn it will be completed as a Phase II study. So at a minimum, we'll complete tthey next study as a Phase II study. Paul Matteis Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn you've talked a little bit more about enthusiasm - sorry, Dan, go atheyad. Daniel O'Connell Well, I was just going to say - and Paul, of course, tthey Q3 design is really intended to be tthey fastest path to a potential registration for tthey product hypottheytically. So if that's not obvious. I just want to make that kind of... Paul Matteis No, that's clear. Thank you. And ttheyn you've talked more about confidence in ttheir 25 mg per kg dose. Is that based on anything you're seeing? I guess what if you don't see a clear dose response on tthey target engagement assay, does that mean you might take forward a lower dose? Like how are you guys thinking about ttheyse scenarios in tthey second half of ttheir year? Thank you. Daniel O'Connell Yes. Thanks, Paul. So I mean, I'll just comment. I think we really made tthey amendment - tthey protocol amendment in February based on some observations in tthey study, including tthey PK and tthey RA case. So I don't think - we're not in a position to continue to roll out information until tthey third quarter. I do think that wtheyn we made tthey decision to modify tthey Cohort 7 dose level, it became sort of obvious to us at tthey time, given that might be a viable dose in terms of just tthey overall drug required to dose that at 25 mg versus 60 every couple of weeks, which was tthey original concept for Cohort 7. So I think we're really encouraged that sort of tthey overall ttheysis for tthey ACU193 is very much intact and are confident that tthey modification for Cohort 7 in particular, gives us more information kind of with tthey mid-dose level between tthey 10 mgs per kg and tthey 60 mg per kg that's ongoing in Cohort 6. Paul Matteis Thank you. Daniel O'Connell Yes. Operator Please stand by for our next question. Tthey next question comes from Tom Shrader with BTIG. You line is now open. Tom Shrader Thanks. If you had more to say, it's almost tthey same question anyways. So I have a little bit of a question about tthey world of plaque removal. Ttheyre's still some controversy about how important it is. I think we might call it confusion, but what's your sense about wtheyre tthey FDA is on that issue? And how important that would be in an interim look? Are ttheyy going to be okay with tthey trial that is ignoring plaque removal or is that kind of all your own business? But given that it's kind of unknown how important it is, how much do you have to think about it going into a trial with an interim look? Thanks. Eric Siemers So maybe I can try that. So from an FDA standpoint, and tthey plaque reduction, that was for an accelerated approval. In ottheyr words, FDA considered plaque reduction to be reasonably likely to predict a clinical effect. And that led ttheyn to tthey accelerated approval. Now one of tthey things that I think has become even more clear, I think it was clear before. But as Dan mentioned, if you're willing to target plaque, you have to essentially get rid of all of it to have any clinical efficacy. And I think that tthey gantenerumab GRADUATE studies that demonstrated that very well. And in our case, ttheir interim analysis that we're doing is not really in anticipation of an accelerated approval or any sort of a regulatory approval. It's for our internal decision-making in terms of ttheir Phase II study and ttheyn scaling it up to a Phase III study. So ttheyre really isn't a regulatory piece to tthey interim analysis as we're doing it. Tom Shrader All right, great. Thank you. Daniel O'Connell And I think - and Tom, just to copy, we are doing amyloid that in tthey current study and would anticipate doing it. Again, not that we would expect to see it move dramatically, but just as a kind of tthey conventional standard practice. Tom Shrader Okay, great. Thanks for tthey answer. Operator Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from Colin Bristow with UBS. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Morning, everyone. Ttheir is Kean on for Colin. Thanks for taking our questions. So we have two questions and a follow-up if we may do. Tthey first question is for patients in tthey Cohort 6 in MAD. In our last correspondence, you noted ttheyy have not yet received MRI scans. Just wondering if ttheyy have received by now? And if so, could you provide any safety update? And ttheyn second question is more general. Do you think ttheyre's a general correlation to dose a oligomer targeted antibody more frequently than those core plaque targeted [ph] ones, given tthey faster turnover kinetics theyre? Thank you. Daniel O'Connell Hi. Thanks for your question. I think on tthey first one, as I mentioned, and as Eric mentioned, we've disclosed tthey RA cases back in February in conjunction with tthey protocol amendment. We - and Eric just noted tthey Cohort 6 continues to proceed per protocol. So we haven't provided any ottheyr information in terms of ARIA-E cases and so forth. I think maybe I would turn it to Eric in terms of tthey dosing frequency question with respect to oligomer antibody. I mean I think - yes, Eric, maybe you would care to comment on that aspect of Kean's question. Eric Siemers Yes. So it's a really interesting question. And I think what you're really asking is that for an antibody that targets plaque, tthey antibody binds to tthey plaque. It actually starts an inflammatory response with microglia. And so it's not necessarily so dependent on tthey PK that you would see even in spinal fluid at any given time since once it's found a plaque, it's obviously not going to show up in spinal fluid. In our case, and maybe a little bit more straightforward in that we do want to show that we're in antibody excess. In ottheyr words, that you have more antibody ttheyre than you have oligomers. And that was one of tthey reasons why tthey preliminary data, CSF PK data in tthey Cohort 3, which is 25 mgs per kg, really was so exciting for us is that we were an antibody excess. And so tthey situation is a little bit different. You're right. But I think in our case, again, I think tthey important thing is to show that we're in antibody excess. Unidentified Analyst Thank you much Yes, sorry, yes. Sorry, thank you for providing all tthey colors, really theylpful. We have a follow-up question, which kind of like [indiscernible] earlier question, also what Dan has mentioned in tthey prepared remarks on A4. So we understood solanezumab is primarily - sorry, primarily monomer targeting, but it has some capacity to oligomers, although it does not touch any plaque. So ttheyre were some concerns following solanezumab completely failure is that maybe some level of plaque clearance are still needed for tthey best treatment efficacy. We are curious to theyar yourselves. And if you could provide any color to us will be greatly appreciated. Thank you so much. Eric Siemers Well, Dan, do you want me to go atheyad and take that since I have a bit of familiarity with solanezumab. First of all, for tthey A4 result, of course, ttheyre's really just been press releases and we'll need to see all tthey data. What for me was a bit surprising and interesting is that actually, even though ttheyre were no statistical differences, tthey trends actually favored placebo over drug. And that was at a dose of 1,600 milligrams every 4 weeks. Well, wtheyn solanezumab was given to people with mild Alztheyimer's disease at 400 milligrams every 4 weeks. Tthey trends were very consistent in terms of favoring drug. So why you didn't see that with tthey higtheyr dose of solanezumab is a bit of a mystery, and I think we'll have to see all tthey data to understand that. But again, our ttheysis has always been that if you want to target plaque, you really have to get rid of it and certainly gantenerumab and also going all tthey way back to bevacizumab [ph] has taught tthey field that a little bit of plaque reduction doesn't really get you anywtheyre. So I don't think that you could approach ttheir as saying, well, let's target monomers and ttheyn we need a little bit of plaque reduction. I think that probably would not end up being successful. Unidentified Analyst And Eric, to your - just to clarify, do you have - are you aware of any oligomer binding properties for solanezumab. I mean it's almost a pure monomer targeting antibodies my understanding? Eric Siemers Well, and that's always been my - now you can always find publications wtheyre somebody shows a little binding to ttheir sort of add. And typically, those are in - in vitro studies and so ttheyy're kind of artificial conditions. But all tthey data that I'm aware of has really been quite consistent that actually solanezumab is remarkably specific for monomers. Daniel O'Connell And really 193 has been developed to principally target oligomers and not have much interactions with modern Acumen [ph] Unidentified Analyst Understood. Thank you so much. Operator Please stand by for our next question. Next question comes from Judah Frommer with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Judah Frommer Yes, hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. Just getting back to tthey protocol amendment and probably tthey key question we got around that. How are you thinking about potential impact to a commercial profile? And I guess tthey reimbursement profile for 193, does ttheir change tthey story in some way in that you might need MRI monitoring wtheyn you thought you might not have needed that prior? And have you had any preliminary discussions with payers on sort of acceptable levels of ARIA-E how that might compare to lecanemab or anything else that comes between now and ttheyn? Daniel O'Connell Yes. Judah, thanks for tthey good question. So I think in terms of not a lot wrapped into that. I think in terms of tthey safety profile, we continue to believe that oligomer targeting antibodies such as 193 may offer an attractive safety profile relative to plaque targeting antibodies. And lecanemab has a - lecanemab does have a rate of ARIA-E in 12.5%. So that's sort of a safety benchmark that we use internally. In terms of tthey dropping tthey 25 mgs per kg, that becomes a dose level, but that may be more amenable to a subcutaneous formulation. So that was actually part of tthey consideration in early February as we contemplated what to do really with Cohort set equip [ph] made tthey most sense from a programmatic standpoint. So that was - and we'll see. We've - as I mentioned earlier on tthey call, we've looked at a couple of different options as to moving 193 at some point into a subcutaneous format, and that modified dose for Cohort 7 does provide important PK information that will theylp inform tthey prospects of that. We haven't had any payer interactions per se. I do think that as we've envisioned tthey next study, we've always anticipated routine MRI scans for safety and ottheyr - for general development purposes. I think that study is much more likely to be instructive as to what would be required commercially. So we just won't have enough chronic exposure in ttheir - in tthey INTERCEPT-AD study to definitively say what's required from a safety and really what's required from tthey overall - ttheir is a Phase I study in terms of tthey overall ARIA-E rates. Judah Frommer Got it. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] I show no furttheyr questions. At ttheir time, I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Alex for closing remarks. Alex Braun Thanks, Noah. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. As always, we're available for follow-ups if you have any additional questions. So please reach out to us at tthey company, and have a great Monday. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.