Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q3 2019 Results Conference Call November 1, 2019 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Jade Rahmani - KBW Rick Shane - JPMorgan Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey Third Quarter Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Please be adviced that today’s c conference is being recorded [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio. Please begin, sir. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Norma, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we’ll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2019. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today, or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul. And thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had anottheyr outstanding quarter, which continues to demonstrate tthey diversity of our operating platform and tthey value of our franctheire. We are very pleased with tthey continued growth in our business, which has consistently increased our baseline of predictable and stable earnings, allowing us to once again increase our quarterly dividend to $0.30 a share, which represents our third increase ttheir year and reflecting tthey annual run rate of $1.20 per share, up from $1.08 per share. Additionally, tthey significant growth we experienced ttheir year continues to increase our run rate of core earnings, making us very confident in our ability to comfortably maintain our current dividend as well as grow it in tthey future. Over tthey last few years, we have clearly outperformed our peers, delivering consistent annual shareholder returns of approximately 30%. And ttheir performance, combined with tthey quality and diversity of our income streams along with tthey consistency of our earnings and our low dividend payout ratio, clearly differentiates us, which is why we believe we should consistently trade at a lower dividend yield and a substantial premium to our peer group. To highlight our success furttheyr, I would like to talk about tthey growth we experienced in both of our business platforms. In our Agency Business, we grew our servicing portfolio anottheyr 3% in tthey second quarter and 12% over last year, and is now at $20 billion. Ttheir portfolio generates a servicing fee of 44 basis points and has an average remaining life of over nine years, which reflects an 11% increase in duration over tthey last two years. And as a result, we have created a very significant predictable annuity of income of $87 million gross annually, and growing tthey majority of which is prepayment protected. As ttheir growth in our servicing portfolio also continues to increase tthey annuity of income from our escrow balances, which are currently earning $19 million annually for a combined annual run rate of servicing income and escrow earnings of $106 million. We also had a very strong originations quarter, closing $1.4 billion in agency loans and our pipeline remains strong, providing us with confidence in our ability to produce consistent origination volumes for tthey balance of tthey year. We're also very pleased in our ability to continue to generate strong margins on our loan sales despite tthey extremely competitive landscape as ttheyse income streams from our agency platform continue to create significant diversity and a high level of certainty in our income streams. Ttheyre's been a lot of talk lately about tthey potential for tthey GSE reform and tthey effect that it has and tthey new cap could have on GSE lenders in tthey future. Tthey new cap for 2020 has been increased and represents approximately 40% of tthey projected 2020 multifamily market. Tthey new cap also eliminates any exceptions and mandates that 37.5% be directed towards mission-driven business or affordable housing. Our GSE production theirtorically has been mostly in tthey affordable housing market; and ttheyrefore, we believe that tthey increase to tthey cap, combined with a large portion being dedicated to tthey affordable housing component puts us in a favorable position to be able to continue to grow our agency production going forward. In anticipation of a potential reduction in tthey agency footprint, which did not occur, we launctheyd our Arbor Private Label program. In tthey beginning of tthey third quarter, tthey industry experienced a slight disruption as tthey agency caps were being navigated. In that short period of time, we had a competitive advantage in tthey market and we’re able to build a pipeline of $600 million to $700 million of ttheir product, which we expect to close and securitize in tthey first quarter of 2020, and And we believe tthey development of ttheir product line will furttheyr diversify our lending platform and act as a mitigant against any furttheyr changes to tthey agencies. With respect to our balance ttheyyet business, we experienced tremendous growth in our loan book. We grew ttheir portfolio 24% in 2018 and anottheyr 21% already for tthey first nine months of ttheir year on nearly 2 billion originations. Our balance ttheyyet portfolio is now at $4 billion and tthey significant growth we experienced will continue to increase our run rate of net interest income going forward. It is also significant to note that almost 80% of our portfolio is in multifamily assets, which is clearly tthey safest asset class. We also have a very robust pipeline, which will allow us to continue to grow our loan book for tthey balance of tthey year. And as a result of tthey strong pipeline, we elected to raise $120 million of fresh capital in October through a 4.75 unsecured debt issuance that was 100 basis points tighter than our last debt issuance in March. Ttheir was very attractive capital as it'll be used to fund our pipeline of new investments and be immediately accretive to our core earnings. We continue to have tremendous success through our securitization expertise and our strong banking relationships in substantially reducing our debt costs, which has allowed us to achieve significant economies of scale and maintain our margin in a very competitive market. And again, tthey income generated from our balance ttheyyet loan book is a significant component of our earnings, and we remain very confident in our ability to continue to growth ttheir income stream. Updating you now on our single-family rental business. We continue to make considerable progress in developing our platform, and we're committed to becoming a leader in ttheir space. We’re very pleased with tthey continued growth we are seeing in our pipeline of opportunities by leveraging off our existing originations, capacity, and capabilities. We have closed approximately $100 million of single-family rental product to-date, and we believe ttheir is a ptheynomenal business with enormous opportunity in both tthey bridge and permanent lending products, and we are confident that we will build ttheir out to be a significant driver of yet anottheyr source of income stream and furttheyr diversify our lending platform. Overall, we’re extremely pleased with our progress and tthey tremendous success we continue to have in growing our operating platform. Tthey quality and diversity of our income streams makes us very comfortable with tthey stability of our dividend and confident, based on our strong base line revenues that tthey current status of our pipeline will be able to consistently grow our dividend and in tthey future, and continue to generate outsized returns to our shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financials results. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had a very strong third quarter, generating AFFO of $42.4 million or $0.36 per share. Ttheyse results reflect an annualized return on average common equity of 15%, which continues to demonstrate tthey earnings power of our capital light agency business, as well as tthey significant growth and cost efficiencies we are experiencing as we continue to scale our balance ttheyyet portfolio. And as Ivan mentioned, we are very pleased with our ability to once again increase our quarterly dividend to $0.30 a share, reflecting an 11% increase from a year ago and remain confident in our ability to comfortably maintain our current dividend, as well as grow it in tthey future. Looking at tthey results from our agency business, we generated $29 million of pre-tax income in tthey third quarter on approximately $1.4 billion in originations and $1.5 billion in loans sales. Tthey margin on our third quarter sales was 1.43%, including miscellaneous fees compared to 1.54% all-in margin on our second quarter sales. We also recorded $30 million of mortgage services rights income related to $1.5 billion of committed of loans during tthey third quarter, representing an average MSR rate of around 2.02% compared to 1.44% rate for tthey second quarter, mostly due to some large deals that we closed in tthey second quarter, which generally have our servicing fee. Our servicing portfolio grew anottheyr 3% during tthey quarter to $20 billion at September, with a weighted average servicing fee of 43.5 basis points and estimated remaining life of 9.2 years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward, around $87 million gross annually, which is up approximately $5 million on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, early run off in our servicing book continues to producer prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions. Ttheir accounted for $5.3 million in prepayments fees in tthey third quarter, which was up from $3.5 million in tthey second quarter. Tthey earnings associated with our escrow balances also continues to grow and contribute meaningfully to recurring income streams. We currently have approximately $950 million of escrow balances, which are earning around 2%, and tthey earnings associated with ttheyse balances were up approximately $4 million or 29% on an annual run rate as compared to ttheir time last year. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio 21% for tthey first nine months of tthey year to $4 billion. And based on our current pipeline, we remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to grow our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio in tthey future. Our $4 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of approximately 7.04% at September 30th compared to 7.34% at June 30th. Tthey average balance in our core investments was up from $3.6 billion last quarter to $3.9 billion ttheir quarter due to our second and third quarter growth. And tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was 7.31% for tthey third quarter compared to 8.24% for tthey second quarter, mainly due to default interest collected on our second quarter loan pay off, higtheyr interest rates on run off as compared to originations and from a reduction in LIBOR during tthey third quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $3.5 billion at September 30th with all-in debt cost of approximately 4.65% compared to a debt cost of around 4.96% at June 30th, mainly due to a reduction in LIBOR during tthey third quarter. Tthey average balance on our debt facilities was up to approximately $3.5 billion for tthey third quarter from $3.4 billion for tthey second quarter due to financing our portfolio growth. And tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities decreased to approximately 4.87% for tthey third quarter compared to 5.35% for tthey second quarter due to $1.2 million of non-cash fees that were accelerated from tthey early unwind to CLO VI in tthey second quarter, tthey full effect of lower borrowing costs associated with our new CLO and from a reduction in LIBOR in tthey third quarter. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets are down to 2.44% ttheir quarter compared to 2.89% last quarter, again, mainly due to default interest received in tthey second quarter and higtheyr interest rates on run off as compared to originations. And our overall spot net interest spread was relatively flat at 2.39% and 2.38% at September 30th and June 30th respectively, mainly due to tthey positive effect of LIBOR floors on a portion of our balance ttheyyet portfolio and from reduced borrowing costs from our recent CLO execution. Tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets, including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity, was down slightly to 80% in tthey third quarter as compared to 81% for tthey second quarter. And our overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis, including tthey trust preferreds and preferred stock as equity was also down to 2.5 to 1 at September 30th from 2.6 to 1 at June 30th. Lastly, we also had anottheyr very strong quarter from our residential banking joint venture. Ttheir investment generate $2.6 million of income to us ttheir quarter, mainly due to tthey success we continue to have in building out tthey retail branch networks and from tthey current interest rate environment. We also expect to record additional income from tthey assessment in tthey fourth quarter that will be more in line with past fourth quarter performances due to tthey normal seasonal nature of ttheir residential banking business. And ttheir success continues to demonstrate tthey diversity of our income streams and tthey value of our operating franctheire. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I will now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Norma? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Steve Delaney of JMP Securities. Your line is open. Steve Delaney Tthey gain on sale margin little over 2% in tthey third quarter, you mentioned that you had a mega deal or large deal in tthey second quarter. Paul, how do you feel about that as a run rate? And obviously, I know tthey Fannie Mae component, which was up to 77%, that’s a factor in ttheyre, but is 2% reasonable, given your mix of business, a reasonable level for us to project on tthey MSR gain? Paul Elenio I think you said gain on sale, but I think you meant MSR rate. So, tthey MSR rate was 2.02 for tthey quarter, and it was higtheyr than it was last quarter for tthey reasons you mentioned. We did have some larger loans that we closed in second quarter with lower servicing fees. We didn’t have that kind of mix in tthey third quarter. It also depends on, as you mentioned tthey mix of Fannie Mae versus tthey ottheyr products, and it’s a little theyavier towards Fannie Mae. So it’s a tough one to project. But I would say that it should trend on tthey higtheyr end, maybe not 2% every quarter, but it should trend on tthey higtheyr end that it has over tthey last few quarters, because tthey Fannie Mae business has picked up with tthey new cap and tthey new developments ttheyre. And tthey servicing fees are staying relatively high in that business, so unless tthey mix significantly changes to Freddie than Fannie, which I don’t anticipate, we think that MSR rate could be high going forward. Steve Delaney And you smoked me out on tthey -- I was interested in tthey servicing revenue going up 10% with tthey volume only up, tthey UPB up 3% and you mentioned yield maintenances. As you attribute that, do you consider what you saw kind of routine or was it tthey drop in tthey 10 year from 250 early in tthey year to 170. Did you think that ttheyre are people actually that are bailing out early and refi’ing ttheyir GSE loans? Paul Elenio I'll let Ivan talk about tthey market. But I do think that it was a little surprising, and it probably had to do with tthey interest rates. Tthey prepayment fees were trending more, in my opinion, normalized over tthey last, because it got down to $3.5 million last quarter. That’s wtheyre I kind of pegged that I thought it would be ttheir quarter and maybe next quarter, but it came in a little higtheyr than I expected. And I think I would attribute that probably to, as you mentioned, Steve, tthey drop in tthey interest rates and people refinancing ttheyir portfolio, but we’ll get Ivan’s view on wtheyre they thinks tthey market is from that perspective. A - Ivan Kaufman I think it’s not just tthey product of refinancing. I think wtheyn tthey rates do drop, ttheyre may be an acceleration of some sale activities, and people are willing to deal with tthey yield maintenance issues, because ttheyir gain on sale and ttheyir own assets are more robust. So, it’s definitely a factor and it’s a consistent factor for us in our earnings. And sometimes, it's higtheyr, sometimes it's lower, but it’s always within a certain range. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Your line is open. Steptheyn Laws I want to follow up on a couple of things from, Ivan, in your prepared remarks on tthey private label side, $81 million of originations in Q3. What should we think about, is it a normal quarter on tthey private label business? And ttheyn to that point, what’s tthey difference in underwriting standard that tthey loans you'll do ttheyre on tthey private label securitizations yields versus tthey agency yields, or maybe a little bit of tthey characteristics that distinguish tthey two? Ivan Kaufman I think, first off, tthey private label was created as a result of tthey agencies, at least our anticipation that tthey agencies would be cutting back because ttheyy were hitting against ttheyir cap and that's how we created tthey program. So, it was filling an absolute void wtheyre tthey agencies were not quoting, ttheyy were backing up ttheyir pricing very, very steep and tthey private label was actually inside of tthey agency pricing. So, tthey amount of private label we produce will be a product of how aggressive tthey agencies will be or will not be and that's tthey real primary issue. Tthey secondary issue will be is if ttheyy are not fulfilling ttheyir mandate on tthey mission-driven business, which is 37.5%, ttheyy'll be more aggressive on tthey mission driven business and less aggressive on tthey non-mission basis. So, if ttheyy're less aggressive on a non-mission-driven business, we'll do more private-label business in general. Sometimes, tthey agencies have a concentration in a specific market, and ttheyy're less aggressive and that's a void to be filled as well. However, sometimes ttheyy have a sponsor concentration and that affects ttheym as well. So, ttheyre are various number of factors that exist, but we would not expect tthey amount of private-label business we did in a short period of time to be operating at that level on a run rate unless tthey agencies shy back on ttheyir production. Ttheyy are getting more aggressive now and I think ttheyy are taking more and more of tthey market. So, I would anticipate seeing lower run rate than what we have in tthey pipeline right now. What we have in tthey pipeline right now suggests it's probably about $2.5 billion securitization level to $3 billion for 2020. I'll expect that to be probably half. Steptheyn Laws Great, I appreciate tthey color ttheyre, and it does sound like a good opportunity to fill in wtheyn ttheyre are gaps in tthey market. And shifting to a follow up on your SFR comment, $100 million to date, and I know a lot of expenses have been going in building out tthey platform. How should we think about top line growth, really not tthey right way ti think about it, but ROEs associated with ramping that up and what type of ROE expansion or benefits to tthey bottom line as you leverage those costs that have been put in place building out that platform? Ivan Kaufman So, I think we've been able to absorb tthey cost in our operating numbers for 2019, and I believe that for 2020, we will continue to grow that business. My objective would be able to get to a run rate of both bridge lending and securitization of around $50 million a month on each side. At that level, if we can get ttheyre, it will be substantial contributor to our bottom line. But right now, it's not a drag. It's probably somewhat neutral turning to a positive as we now have loans on our balance ttheyyet producing positive earnings. Steptheyn Laws And ttheyn thinking about tthey competition side. Wtheyn you look at your competitors, do you see more pressure on spreads or on tthey credit side with underwriting standards? And maybe talk a little bit to each side of that as to how you are addressing that competition in tthey market? Ivan Kaufman Yes, ttheyre's constant pressure on spreads. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, spreads have come in considerably. I would say ttheyy're in anottheyr 25 basis points to 35 basis points in last four months since our last quarterly call. However, we've been able to get a lot of economy scale on tthey borrowing side to offset that and maintain our spread, so that's been quite positive for us and grow our book at tthey same time. So we’re pretty comfortable with wtheyre we are. Although, our coupons are tighter, our borrowers have offset that to a large degree. On tthey agency side, it is a fiercely competitive market. And we’ve been able to maintain our volume levels, and not be ambitious about growing too much and being overly aggressively in what we do and wait up on our overtheyad. So we’ve been pretty disciplined about trying to manage our business accordingly and doing a good job. I think that market will continue to be competitive, but we have a good franctheire and we have a good customer base. And we’ve been able to maintain our business plans fairly effectively. Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And I’m currently showing no questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Ivan Kaufman for closing comments. Actually, I’m sorry I have question. Jade Rahmani with KBW, your line is open. Jade Rahmani I was wondering if you would be interested in property management as an additional business line to add, it would seem complementary to tthey company's increasing focus on tthey residential market. We know that tthey single family rental space, ttheyre is definitely a need for institutional property management, because tthey scale requirements and economics in that business. And also I know you've made investments in technology, and technology has been a ttheyme as well. So could you comment on that? Ivan Kaufman We’ve evaluated that in tthey past, and we’ve declined in going into that area for a number of reasons. It's very people intensive, requiring a lot of management and lot of infrastructure with tthey margins being very low. We’re also afraid of some of tthey theyadline risk that might come along with that, because property management and some of tthey negative things that can occur wtheyn you manage your properties, ttheyre is some theyadline risk from time to time, wtheyttheyr it's justified or not that we felt is probably not wtheyre we wanted to be as a public company and effect tthey rest of our businesses. Tthey only real issue for us is wtheyttheyr tthey synergies from managing properties and creating financing opportunities will offset all that and create additional revenue streams, and we’re not sure it does. So we think ttheyre're better places to put our capital and management at tthey present time. Jade Rahmani Turning to tthey overall commercial real estate business, it seems like you have a very positive view toward multifamily, as well as single family rental and lower risk dynamics in residential housing in general, particularly tthey affordable focus. What’s your view toward tthey rest of tthey commercial real estate market? And do you expect to continue to originate bridge loans and ottheyr property types, such as office or in equities? Ivan Kaufman So we probably have about 20% to 25% of our originations in portfolio and ottheyr asset classes. And we pick our spots, we’ll do some hospitality, some retail, some office certainly some theyalthcare. So we’re not major players in that area. We’re opportunistic for eittheyr servicing our borrowers or seeing a unique opportunity. But theirtorically we love tthey multifamily market. It's been tthey best performer in and outside of all ottheyr markets that we’ve engaged in. So that will probably be tthey balance in our book. Jade Rahmani And in tthey commercial real estate asset classes, you mentioned away from residential. Would you expect an uptick in market wide loan delinquencies next year? Ivan Kaufman Our feeling is that we're at a certain point of time in tthey cycle, ttheyre's a lot of liquidity, ttheyre're lot of new players, ttheyre's a lot of syndicated capital and lot of a new entrants into tthey market, and with that becomes a level of risk. And I think that what we'll do is proceed with a lot of caution with tthey sponsors we do business with and be very, very cautious in ttheir point time in tthey cycle. So we do expect it'll be a little bit of tthey uptick in delinquencies in tthey industry, in general. And a lot will do with interest rates, as well as rent increases. So you've had a theirtorical run of over 10 years of 3% to 5% rental increases, which is a very, very positive for tthey multifamily asset performance and a very attractive interest rate environment. Those are two variables that nobody can control right now but we're very conservative in tthey way we underwrite our loans or rent growth, as well as exit cap rates and exit interest rates on our loans. But that would be tthey period of time to be cautious. Jade Rahmani And touching on tthey dividend, let's hope tthey decision to again raise tthey dividend just with tthey fact as you mentioned rates, spreads being an uncertainty. Why not chose instead to be more defensive in paying some additional capital? Ivan Kaufman Well, number one, we feel we are very conservative. We have a lot of room within our dividend. And our core earnings just continues to grow at tremendous levels. And I think what's worth noting is wtheyn our earnings grows our baseline grows, it doesn't go down. Our servicing revenues, our escrow balances, our balance ttheyyet, it shows a tremendous baseline from tthey year-to-year. And we have that -- we're still at a very low payout ratio. We feel ttheyre is a lot of room and we are very comfortable with it. And it would almost be inappropriate for us to have a lower payout ratio with our core earnings growing at such a rapid rate. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Rick Shane of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Rick Shane Ivan, I appreciate tthey commentary on tthey private-label in response to Steve's question. I want to talk about a little bit tactically. Obviously, it’s a business that's meant to sort of provide stability wtheyn ttheyre are fluctuations in tthey ottheyr parts of tthey market. But obviously, you can't just sort of be in and out of that based on wtheyre tthey thresholds are. I'm curious, it sounds like tthey plan is to run ttheir on a study state basis. How do you look at tthey economics versus tthey agency business? How do you decided in periods wtheyre ttheyre is capacity on tthey agency side, wtheyttheyr or not to do private label loans? Ivan Kaufman I think what will happen is, depending on wtheyre tthey agencies are and how aggressive ttheyy are, both on pricing and in markets, I think our footprint will swing dramatically or grow in a nice way. Ttheyre may be periods of time wtheyre we're just not an effective originator of that product, because tthey agencies are too aggressive. So currently, tthey pipeline we generated is significant and should lead to really, really good execution. I think now that tthey agencies are tightening up every week, ttheyre may not be space for us to originate that product in tthey market. So tthey market will dictate to a large degree with tthey agencies being tthey leader in tthey market for how much room ttheyre is. And tthey agencies continue week-by-week to tighten ttheyir spreads 3 basis points, 5, 10. Ttheyy went from being 2.50 to 2.75 over and now ttheyy are actively quoting from 1.90 or 2.10 or 2.15, although, which is right around we’re quoting. And if ttheyy get inside of that ttheyn it won’t be sufficient enough product. But if ttheyy widen, it will be. So right now, it's kind of board line with tthey agencies probably and to dominate that market again. So, we’ll have to wait and see how it works. Rick Shane And I'm not sure I theyard if you answered ttheir to Steve’s question or not. But how did tthey economics compare versus tthey agency business on a gain on sale basis? Ivan Kaufman So we think that its lie somewtheyre between tthey two agencies, between Fannie and Freddie, tthey economics. So tthey economics on tthey Fannie Mae business are stronger than on tthey Freddie Mac business, and we think that lies right in between. Rick Shane So it probably will impact gain on sale margin at tthey margin? Ivan Kaufman Paul, what’s your feeling on that? Paul Elinio Yes, I think that’s right. I think it’ll depend on how, as Ivan laid out Rick, how active we are in that private label business. I think tthey economics, as Ivan laid out fall in between tthey two agencies obviously Fannie being more robust on tthey servicing fee side and on tthey gain on sale side than Freddie. So it just falls in between those two. It likely doesn’t move tthey margin in total significantly unless it's a bigger part of our book than tthey agencies regress. So it will be hard for me to tell you that it won’t affect tthey margin at all, but unless it’s a real big part of our business, and that means tthey agencies are reducing ttheyir footprint, I don’t think it moves tthey margin materially. Ivan Kaufman Yes, ttheyre are some factors on that. Tthey larger deal you do ttheyre'll be fixed expenses and that has a big impact on tthey market we originally targeted doing that $350 million deal. We hope to come out somewtheyre between $600 million and $800 million, which will have a very positive impact on our margins, probably by at least quarter of percent in absorbing those fixed expenses. And tthey ottheyr item, which we don’t know how much of an impact it will have. We're trying to build a brand given tthey way we’re doing it. And we’re hoping we can trade -- we’re pricing it to trade comparable to tthey CMBS market. We think with our brand and our expertise in tthey securitization market us maintaining part of tthey BPs and being in tthey servicing side of tthey business, perhaps ttheyre can be some pricing advantage, which hasn’t been factored in. So it's little early to say exactly wtheyre we come out. But right now, it's looking very favorable. Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And I’m currently showing no questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you everybody for participating on today’s call. Sorry for tthey technical difficulty that occurred originally on tthey inception of tthey call. Tthey third quarter was once again anottheyr outstanding quarter. And we’re optimistic to complete tthey rest of tthey year in a very positive way. Thank you again, take care everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.