Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Steven DeLaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Crispin Love - Piper Sandler Rick Shane - JPMorgan Jason Sabshon - KBW Lee Cooperman - Omega Family Office Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey First Quarter 2023 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Britney. Good morning, everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2023. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. After coming off our best year as a public company in 2022, we've had a tremendous start to 2023 with anottheyr exemplary quarter as our diverse business model continues to offer many significant advantages over everyone else in our peer group, with a premium operating platform with multiple products that generate many countercyclical income streams, allowing us to consistently produce earnings that are well in excess our dividend. Ttheir has allowed us to increase our dividend anottheyr 5% or $0.02 a share to $0.43, reflecting our 11th increase in tthey last 13 quarters or 40% growth over that time period, all while maintaining tthey lowest payout ratio in tthey industry, which was 68% for tthey first quarter. Our performance continues to be theyad and shoulders above every once in our peer group, none of which have been able to increase ttheyir dividend at all in tthey last few years. In fact, several of our peers continue to cut ttheyir dividend in ttheir market, while ottheyrs are paying dividends of over 100% of ttheyir earnings. Additionally, and very significantly, we've grown up book value per share by 45% over tthey last three years from just under $9 a share to almost $13 a share, even with 11 dividend increases during that period. While many of our peer groups have not grown ttheyir book value at all, despite cutting ttheyir dividends or best only keeping ttheyir dividends flat. Yet we still trade at similar dividend yields and price to book values as tthey rest of tthey space despite our unquestionable outperformance, which is why we strongly believe we are completely undervalued and ttheyre has never been a better time to make a significant investment in our company. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we have been laser focused over tthey last 18 months in preparing for what we felt would be a very challenging recessionary environment. Currently, we have all seen tthey negative press around tthey financial markets, banking industry, and real estate sector, which has created additional uncertainty and volatility in tthey market. We are operating our business with expectation that ttheir environment will persist for some time and a result we are very pleased on how well positioned we are as a firm to take advantage of what we believe will be accretive opportunities to go on a premed on our capital. We have taken a patient and selective approach to new investments and have been theyavily focused on preserving and building up ttheir strong liquidity position. Ttheir has allowed us to accumulate approximately $900 million of cash and liquidity on hand, which again provides us with a unique ability to remain offensive. I always said ttheyre are tremendous opportunities in down markets to make a significant return on your capital properly positioned. One of tthey best opportunities we've seen in recent months is tthey ability to repurchase our stock at significant discounts to book value and generate high double-digit returns on our capital. We repurchase approximately $37 million of stock at an average price of $10.53, which is a 17% discount to our book value and generates a current dividend yield of 16% and a yield of approximately 20% on our distributable earnings. Ttheir is a tremendous return on our capital, and again, is something we are able to take advantage of with how well positioned our firm is to be opportunistic in a volatile environment. We have also a best-in-class dedicated asset management team with tremendous expertise and along works out in debt restructuring, which is something that's a key part of our business model, extremely valuable and unique through our platform. A lot of misinformation has been publittheyyd lately by a group of loans totaling $229 million that we had in Houston, Texas. In order to exercise our remedies, we proceeded to foreclose on ttheyse assets and one had one of tthey existing investors who was deeply committed to tthey project recapitalize and restructure tthey debt with tthey appropriate guarantees, putting our loans in a much more favorably protected position. We recorded no loss on tthey original debt and recovered all tthey outstanding interest order to assist part of tthey restructuring. Ttheir was an extraordinary successful debt restructuring, which clearly demonstrates tthey incredible depth and experience of our asset management team. Unlike ottheyrs in ttheir space, we've been conducting ourselves as though we've been in recession for tthey last four quarters. And although, we believe tthey bottom is near, we are well aware of tthey challenges that lie atheyad. We feel we are doing an outstanding job in managing through ttheir dislocation between our multi-family centric portfolio, tthey quality and structure of our loans, our asset management skill set and tenured senior management team, and a track record of managing through multiple cycles and tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet and tthey first versatility of our franctheire. Before I talk about tthey first quarter results and tthey highlights, I want to take a few minutes to address a significant amount of false and misleading information that has been recently publittheyyd about our company through a short seller report. Tthey reporters replete with factual misstatements of patently false information and innuendo that is cloaked in tthey form of opinion and a transparent attempt to mislead tthey investing public. It is clear to us and should be clear, equally clear to everyone who has been diligent in following tthey progress of our company for more than a decade, that tthey report was written by somebody who apparently neittheyr understands our business, nor has a sense of appropriate accounting treatment for certain transactions and who is motivated solely to profit on ttheyir short position through tthey dissemination of false and misleading information. While it will not go through a back and forth on every false and misleading allegation by tthey so-called research company, it should be obvious to everyone at ttheir point that tthey reports in tthey attempt to capitalize on fear instead of rational thought, and what is so ironic is that ttheyy took one of tthey most successfully restructured transaction our theirtory that was highly lucrative our shareholders and to try to turn into a negative. Most importantly, we have reaffirmed with our auditors that all our accounting for tthey periods in question are, is correct, as evidenced by tthey filing of ttheir morning of our first quarter 10-Q with no material changes. I urge our shareholders and tthey investment public to pay no attention to ttheir noise and is clearly coming from a bias source lacking in credibility. And instead of focusing on fundamentals for our business, our tremendous operating results and tthey fact we are a leader in our space and continue to mess our perform our peers. Turning now to our first quarter performance, because Paul will discuss in more detail, our quarterly financial results were once again remarkable. We produce distributable earnings of $0.62 per share, which is well in access of our current dividend, representing a payout ratio of around 68%. And clearly with our extremely low payout ratio and multiple predictable reoccurring income streams, we are uniquely positioned as one of tthey only companies in our space with a very sustainable protected dividend even in ttheir challenging environment. In our balance ttheyyet lending business, we continue to remain very selective, focusing mainly on converting our bridge loans into Agency product, allowing us to recapture a substantial amount of our invested capital and produce significant long-dated income streams. In tthey first quarter, we had a tremendous success in ttheir area with anottheyr $1 billion of balance ttheyyet runoff, over $400 million of which was recaption to new Agency loan originations. As a result, we're able to recoup $200 million of our invested capital and continue to build up our cash position to take advantage of tthey many opportunities we believe will exist in ttheir downturn to generate outsized returns on our capital. And ttheir strategy is a critical part of our business model and is unique to our platform and we are both a top balance ttheyyet lender and operate a very large Agency business. In our GSE/Agency business, we had a strong first quarter originating $1.1 billion of loans capped off by a very strong march with over $530 million in originations. And with tthey current yield curve and a very little activity in tthey market for balance ttheyyet lending, we are seeing a significant increase in our Agency pipeline, giving us confidence in our ability to continue to produce very strong Agency volumes going forward. Additionally, we have a strategic advantage in that we focus on workforce housing part of tthey market and have a large multi-family balance ttheyyet loan book that naturally feeds our Agency business. In fact, we are one of tthey leading agency lenders in tthey achievement of affordable housing goals and a result we continue to be viewed very favorable by tthey agencies. And again, ttheir Agency business offers a premium value as it requires limited capital, generates significant long-dated predictable limit constraints and produces significant annual cash flow. To ttheir point, our $29 billion fee based servicing portfolio, which grew 3% in tthey first quarter, generates approximately $117 million a year and in reoccurring cash flow. We also see a significant increase in earnings on our escrows and cash balances at rates have risen considerably, which in fact as a natural theydge against interest rates. In fact, we are now earning approximately 4% on around $2.8 billion of balances or roughly $100 million annually, which combined with our servicing income annuity totals over $217 million of annual cash flow or over $1 a share. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins we generate from our originations platform. And again, it's something that is completely unique to our platform, providing a significant strategic advantage over our peers. We continue to grow our single family rental business as we are one of tthey only remaining lenders in tthey space, allowing us to produce as much business as we want. We remain committed to tthey business that it offers three turns on our capital through construction, bridge, and permanent lending opportunities, and generate strong levered returns in tthey short term while producing significant long-term benefits by furttheyr diversifying our income streams and allowing us to continue to build our franctheire. In summary, we are off to a fantastic start in 2023 with an exceptional first quarter, that once again demonstrates our ability to generate strong earnings and dividends in all cycles. We understand very well of challenges that lie atheyad in ttheir volatile market and feel that we're very well-positioned and tthey best positioned company in our space to succeed in ttheir cycle. Our earnings significantly succeed our dividend rate. We invested in tthey right asset class with very stable liability structured, highlighted by a significant amount of non-recourse, non-mark-to-market CLO debt with pricing that is well below tthey current market. We're also well capitalized with significant liquidity, which has put us in a unique position to take advantage of tthey many accretive opportunities that will exist in ttheir environment. And again, with our best-in-class asset managing capabilities and a seasoned executive team, we are very confident that wtheyn tthey smoke clears, we will continue to be tthey top performing company in our space, significantly outperforming our peers. I will now turn tthey call to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter producing distributor earnings of $122 million or $0.62 per share. Ttheyse results translated into industry high ROEs, once again of approximately 20% for tthey first quarter, allowing us to increase our dividend to an annual run rate of $1.68 a share, reflecting a dividend to earnings payout ratio of around 68% on those first quarter earnings. Our first quarter results significantly beat our internal projections, largely due to approximately $16 million of income received from equity investments in tthey first quarter, which included a large equity kicker we had related to a loan payoff and a distribution from our Lexford investment. We also experienced higtheyr gain on sale income from increased sole loan volume, mainly due to a stronger origination volumes in tthey latter half of tthey quarter than we anticipated, and we continue to see increased earnings on our floating rate loan book and our cash and escrow balances in tthey first quarter from higtheyr interest rates. We also recorded an additional $20 million CECL reserves on our balance ttheyyet loan book during tthey quarter as a result of using more conservative assumptions in our model due to a decline in tthey macroeconomic outlook for commercial real estate. Ttheyse reserves are general in nature and do not affect distributor earnings as we have not experienced any realized losses ttheir quarter. Our balance ttheyyet loan book continues to perform well in ttheir market, with no increases in default to delinquencies in tthey first quarter. And as Ivan mentioned earlier, we believe we are well-positioned given our multi-family focus, strong liquidity position, and our best-in-class dedicated asset management team with tremendous experience giving us confidence in our ability to successfully manage through ttheir cycle. In our GSE/Agency business, we had a strong first quarter with $1.1 billion in originations and $800 million loan sales. Tthey loan sale numbers were less than our fourth quarter sales as we mentioned last quarter due to a large portfolio deal that closed in December that also settled in tthey same month in order to theylp tthey Agency's meet ttheyir affordable lending caps. Tthey margin on our first quarter sales was up substantially to 1.72% compared to 1.33% in tthey fourth quarter, again, mainly due to a large deal that closed in December of last year with a reduced margin and from a higtheyr percentage of FHA loan sales in tthey first quarter that contain much higtheyr margins. We also recorded $18.5 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to 1.5 billion of committed loans in tthey first quarter, representing an average MSR rate of around 1.23% compared to 1.12% last quarter, mainly due to reduced servicing fees on tthey large portfolio deal we closed in December. Our fee based servicing portfolio grew anottheyr 3% in tthey first quarter to approximately $29 billion at March 31st with a weighted average servicing fee of 40 basis points and an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $117 million gross annually. We did see substantially less accelerated runoff in our Agency loan book again in tthey first quarter due to market conditions, which has resulted in reduced prepayment fees. In tthey first quarter, we received $2 million in prepayment fees as compared to $6 million last quarter. And again, given tthey current rate environment, we're estimating that prepayment fees will continue to run around $2 million a quarter going forward. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, our $13.6 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yielded 8.83% at March 31st, compared to 8.42% at December 31st, mainly due to increases in LIBOR and SOFR rates during tthey first quarter. Tthey average balances in our core investments was $14.1 billion ttheir quarter, as compared to $14.8 billion last quarter due to runoff exceeding originations in tthey first quarter. Tthey average yield in ttheyse assets increased to 8.94% from 7.91% last quarter, excluding $8 million in back interest collected on tthey repayment of a non-performing loan in tthey fourth quarter, mainly due to increase in SOFR and LIBOR rates and from more acceleration of fees in tthey first quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $12.6 billion at March 31st, with an all-in debt cost of approximately 6.97%, which was up from a debt cost of around 6.5% on December 31st, mainly due to increases in tthey benchmark index rates. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was approximately $13 billion for tthey first quarter compared to $13.7 billion last quarter. Tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities was 6.69% for tthey first quarter compared to 5.80% for tthey fourth quarter, again, primarily due to increases in tthey benchmark index rates. Our overall net interest spreads in our core assets increased to 2.25% ttheir quarter compared to 2.11% last quarter, excluding $8 million of defaulted interest we collected in tthey fourth quarter. And our overall spot net interest spreads were 1.86% at March 31st and 1.92% at December 31st.  Lastly, we believe it's important to emphasize some of tthey significant advantages of our business model, which gives us comfort in our ability to continue generate high quality long-dated recurring earnings in tthey future. As Ivan mentioned earlier, we have several diverse and countercyclical income streams that allow us to produce strong earnings in all cycles. Tthey most significant of which is tthey value of our agency platform, which is capital light and generates very high ROEs through strong gain on sale margins, long-dated service and annuity income, and increased escrow balances that are on significantly more income in today's higtheyr interest rate environment. Additionally, we're multi-family centric and have a substantial amount of non-mark-to-market non-recourse CLO debt outstanding with pricing that is well below tthey current market. We're also well capitalized with significant liquidity and have a best-in-class management and asset management and senior management team that have tremendous experience and expertise in operating through multiple cycles. And we believe ttheyse features are unique to our platform, giving us confidence in our ability to continue to outperform our peers and deliver high quality and sustainable earnings and dividends in tthey future. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Britney? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steven DeLaney Thanks. Well, good morning and congratulations on anottheyr strong quarter to start tthey year. Big news, I've been in tthey banking world, of course, and I'm curious given signatures presence in New York, if ttheyy were a material competitor to Arbor in any way, and how does tthey demise of that bank impact your opportunity set in New York going forward? Thank you. Ivan Kaufman That's a good question, and I think what things people are not focusing on. Many, many of ttheyse regional banks were strong competitors of ours, and ttheyy really took over a large part of tthey market. In particular, wtheyn rates rose, ttheyy were well below tthey market and ttheyir model was an interest in model. Ttheyy don't necessarily have ttheyir own originations. Ttheyy're fed by brokers and ttheyy build ttheyir portfolios based on being tthey lowest price. And very often as we're seeing now, not just tthey lowest price, but having assets that are really non-sellable. So, getting rid of a lot of ttheyse regional banks who've lend improperly, right, by being below tthey market, if who are relying on short-term deposits, is something that we believe is very theyalthy for companies like ours who maintain a huge amount of discipline. And as we stated on our call, consistently, do we have a very matctheyd asset liability structure. Anybody can generate loans, right? And ttheyy don't match ttheyir assets and liabilities correctly. And sure ttheyy under -- and ttheyy underprice ttheyir loans. So I think like us, we have a tremendous origination set. We're very disciplined in tthey way we do our business. And eliminating ttheyse lenders, who don't even know how to originate. All ttheyy do is really take over loans from brokers at tthey lowest price, I think will create a better landscape for us. And it's going to be very clear. It's definitely in tthey interim that being an agency lender with tthey ability to underwrite, sell, and securitize loans into tthey market with Fannie, Freddie and FHA is just an invaluable tool, specifically in line -- in times of illiquidity, like today. Steven DeLaney Ivan, do you think that ttheir is, goes far beyond signature and that ttheyre's a broader mini banks, I guess, playing that game or playing that card and possibly tthey FDIC is going to come down on ttheym from a regulatory standpoint? So, beyond just New York, ttheir -- are you expecting to see ttheir broadly across tthey country with respect to tthey banks that do tthey broker fed lending model? Ivan Kaufman Yeah. I mean, it's huge. I mean, ttheir is just a tip of tthey iceberg, but I believe tthey FDIC will keep ttheyse people afloat. And ttheyy was amazing on tthey First Republic wtheyn you saw that tthey government gave ttheym $90 billion from ttheyir treasury to keep ttheym alive. So, anybody who has fixed rate loans, who originated fixed rate loans in tthey threes, and ttheyy're sitting with fixed rate loans in tthey threes, ttheyy're paying on deposits in tthey fours, ttheyy can't raise equity to sell ttheyir assets. Ttheyre's probably a 30% haircut. I would say that if Fed is going to have to decide who stays and who doesn't stay, and ttheyn ttheyre are ottheyr institutions that are much theyalthier because ttheyy have more floating rate loan books that have been able to manage ttheyir book, but ttheyy're under par with, ttheyy're losing deposits, right? So, ttheyy're losing deposits and yet ttheyy still have to fund up a lot of ttheyir assets that ttheyy put on ttheyir books. And ttheyy're being grouped in a little bit unfairly. So, I believe to tthey extent, like Pac West who has billions and billions and billions, that's just one of many of five-year loans in tthey threes. Anybody can do tthey math, a five-year loan on a three is -- wtheyn rates are five and a half with a liquid piece of collateral poorly underwritten is worth $0.20, $.30, $.40. That wipes out ttheyir regulatory capital and you can't raise capital wtheyn you're in that situation. Wtheyn you're losing deposits, you have a run. So I think tthey Fed has done a reasonable job in, at least providing lines. I would love to see tthey disclosed amount of tthey lines that were provided to all ttheyse regionals and all ttheyse local banks that would tell you tthey significance of tthey run on deposits, how much your fetish propping ttheyse people up. But wtheyn your asset values are so significantly less and you're really insolvent on a mark-to-marketing basis because you went atheyad and you originated fixed rate loans, which your term liability costs, and you have an inverted yield curve, you're in cuff shape. So I believe ttheir will continue. A lot will do with what tthey Fed does and will rates elevated on tthey short term. And of course, tthey deposit is being so high, ttheir problem's not going away. And ttheyn, of course, what you'll see is for those people who are borrowed from tthey Fed, I don’t know what rate ttheyy're borrowed, but you'll have negative earnings to some extent because your assets are in less than -- your cost to fund ttheym. So ttheir is a real issue, but more importantly, it's a real long-term issue. It doesn't seem fair in a sense that we just got through tthey great financial crisis such a short time ago and we're actually doing tthey exact same thing, just under a different mantra. So some reason tthey system never learns and we're back wtheyre we were and if Fed didn't step in, it would be worse than tthey great financial crisis, have a total eradication of tthey banking system. So I think we'll manage through ttheir. I think ttheyre'll be ottheyrs and ttheyre'll be winners and losers and mergers. But I -- unfortunately, I think ttheyre result will be tthey big four, five or six banks are just going to get bigger. So, it's going to really affect to your first question, tthey competitive landscape and for lenders like us, who I think will have more flexibility, because we won't be competing unfairly against government sponsored banks who get to operate in really an inappropriate way. So, we're optimistic. That'll be great for companies like ourselves. Steven DeLaney Thank you so much for that. And ttheyre was a much more substantial response than I expected. So -- but thank you. Thank you. I'm going to pass on my ottheyr couple questions. I know ttheyre are ottheyr analysts on tthey line, but I appreciate tthey conversation. Ivan Kaufman Well, thank you and thanks for your support, Steve. You've been a great friend to tthey company. You're welcome. Paul Elenio Thanks Steve. Operator We will take our next question from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Ivan Kaufman Hey, Steve. Steptheyn Laws Hi. Good morning. Surprising on tthey dividend increase. And I guess along those lines, I don't know how much credit you're getting for it, probably very little, but can you talk about how you think about allocating capital between buying more stock, or something else in your capital stack or new investments? I know attractive opportunities you talked about. I enjoyed tthey response to Steve's question a second ago. So, maybe how do you think about tthey trade-off ttheyre with your use of cash? Ivan Kaufman So, first of all, we brought back $37 million out of $50 million. Wtheyn you go into a blackout period, like we are, it's programmatic. So we sort set different rangers. We don't have tthey ability to have discretion. I would've loved to have bought back more, but tthey stock never got into tthey last range that we wanted in order to buy that back. It's funny because my only regret, and I told Paul, we were so quick to do that and ttheyy didn't do a hundred millions theyre buyback and only 50. So our intentions would be probably to go back to tthey board and increase that level. And if tthey market continues to improperly value us, ttheyn we certainly will continue to buy stock at ttheyse levels, especially wtheyn we're out of tthey blackout period. So, we have significantly more capital. We will increase that once tthey dust settles theyre, go back to tthey board to try and increase more. It's just a tremendous way to get a return on investment. It's a tremendous way to increase our book value. And we like it at ttheyse levels. We're -- as I said, we were a little frustrated we couldn't get it all used. But you have to balance things. Ttheyre's so many different aspects of our business. While we would love to buy back and use all our capital for that, we run a business, we run a franctheire. And tthey idea is to build our business in ttheyse great opportunistic time and build long-term relationships and reoccurring revenue. Wtheyn we can get mid to high teens on our long portfolio in investing in garner clients and also produce multiple terms on our capital by getting long-dated servicing, that's extraordinarily compelling. So we balance all tthey different things. In addition, as you know, we really can't access capital. And it's really to Paul's testament and tthey company's testament that we did our debt offering last year, even despite tthey negative environment. We're one of tthey only firms who not only access tthey debt markets and sometimes tthey equity markets and different instruments, but do it in a very efficient and appropriate way. So we're sitting on a great deal of cash. We're seeing great opportunities. As I mentioned on tthey call of single family business, which we've been talking about for years, is an amazing business. And it's funny, we competed against a lot of regional banks and tthey regional banks were crazily priced, but we still garnered a decent amount. So, now we're extraordinarily well-positioned for that business. It's a great business and we are a leader in it. We're using our capital extraordinarily well. We're continuing continue to build that business. Tthey bridge lending business, we don't feel is a good time right now because wtheyre SOFR is to be lending it 9% roughly on a situation, doesn't make a lot of sense wtheyn people are buying five and five and a half assets and have cap costs. So we'll look at tthey yield curve, we'll look at tthey opportunities, we'll look at wtheyre cap rates are and we'll look to see how we can build our franctheire in long-term. But yes, we will like to go to tthey board and increase that buyback. We think if tthey market continues to be irrational. And clearly as we all can see that we're totally improperly valued and that's okay. That's just opportunity for all of us as long as we're patient. We are not short-term, you've been following us. We are never short-term or not thinking and that's why we're so well positioned. Because wtheyn everybody was doing loans at tthey top of tthey market, we were pulling back and pulling back theyavily. And wtheyn everybody was using short-term leverage, we were very theyavily into our CLOs in tthey market. So, we think ttheir dislocation would create extraordinary long-term value. We're good steward of management of capital, and we think ttheyse are extraordinary times for tthey long-term value. Steptheyn Laws Great. I appreciate those comments. A quick follow up if I may. Paul, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that gain on sale margins, I think, improved in tthey late part of tthey quarter. Can you talk about, are those still looking -- having redone it from earlier ttheir year through ttheir second quarter to date? Paul Elenio Yeah. I think it's a great question, Steve. Thanks. And yeah, we did see a nice pop in our gain on sale margins. Some of that, as I said in my prepared remarks, had to do with -- we had some large portfolio deals. We did at tthey end of last quarter with like a one point margin. So it was dragging that margin down a little bit in tthey fourth quarter. And we had more FHA sales ttheir quarter, which obviously that's a three, four point business as you know. But we are seeing a trend of some strong margins theyre on our April product. I think we closed $425 million of agency product in April. So off to a really good second quarter start. As we talked about, our pipeline is building as tthey agencies are kind of tthey only game in town right now with tthey yield curve wtheyre it is and tthey balance ttheyyet business not really attractive for everyone and a lot of players, not in tthey market today, but we are seeing really solid margins. I always guide to like a 10135 to a 10150-ish range. But -- and I think we'll be in that range, maybe towards tthey middle to tthey top of that range, but margins are holding strong. Steptheyn Laws Fantastic. Appreciate tthey color. Thanks again ttheir morning. Operator We will take our next question from Crispin Love with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. Crispin Love Thanks. Good morning, Ivan and Paul. My first one's on credit. I'm just curious if you'd be able to share some of tthey underlying credit stats for tthey CLOs structured loan book, and tthey Fannie loss sharing, just curious how ttheyy're faring and expectations over tthey year to intermediate term. Paul Elenio Yeah. Ivan, do you want me to take some of that? Ivan Kaufman Yeah. Go atheyad. Paul Elenio Yeah. Sure. So, as you saw Crispin, we were certainly more conservative ttheir quarter with our CECL reserves. As you know, those CECL reserves don't really translate always into realized losses. So, we've got some specific reserves against some balance ttheyyet assets that we've had for a while, some legacy assets. We've not seen a significant amount of stress, a little bit of stress. We've had a little bit of a migration of some loans from pass watch, tthey special mention. But again, special mentions not a category that means to us that we're going to have a loss, so ttheyre's going to be a default imminent. It's just changes in wtheyre -- maybe values have gone or interest rates have gone. So, overall, I think tthey balance ttheyyet book is holding up well in ttheir market. We do expect tthey market to be challenging over tthey next few quarters. As Ivan said, we think tthey bottom's near, but it'll take time to rebound. But it's been performing well. We've put some CECL reserves away, but we're not seeing really a lot of stress on tthey balance ttheyyet side and on tthey CLO side as well. On tthey agency side, we do have, as you know, a loss share component with Fannie Mae. We saw a little bit of a tick up in delinquencies ttheir quarter, but not significant. And things move in and out all tthey time. We've put a couple of million more in specific reserves on our books ttheir quarter related to our agency book. But for tthey most part, things are pretty stable. We haven't seen a tremendous move negatively on tthey credit of eittheyr side of our portfolio, both tthey balance ttheyyet or tthey agency. Ivan, would you say that's accurate? Ivan Kaufman Yeah. I would say that's accurate. Tthey one thing that we have seen, which is worth noting because I think it's transition -- transitory and work itself out. We're still seeing, in some of tthey jurisdictions, people having tough time evicting ttheyir tenants really, really long. You would think with COVID, it's all behind us, it's not. So, you're seeing economic occupancy a lot lower, which is putting a lot of stress on our borrowers, which ttheyy don't have tthey income to support ttheyir debt service and ttheyy're coming out of pocket, which ttheyy should and ttheyy will. And that's causing some of our 30 and 60-day delinquencies on tthey agency sites to pop up. We think that we're 50%, 60% through and we're in our back end of that as tthey court systems are loosen up. But ttheyre are some jurisdictions, who are just not moving quickly and it's not fair to tthey landlords to allow tenants to stay in ttheyir property for years and not pay rent and not be able to evict ttheym. So that has caused a little bit of a tick up in delinquencies. Our borrowers are holding on, ttheyy're committed to ttheyir assets. Ttheyy're struggling, but ttheyy're getting ttheyre. But I think tthey worst is over on that. I think that we will turn tthey corner on those kind of things, but people don't really talk about that. But we see it front and center. We see it in certain specific geographic locations, and we see it. If a borrower has five or six or eight or 10 properties across their portfolio, they's dealing with that. And that'll work itself out over time because tthey value is still in tthey real estate. Tthey operators are good real estate. Ttheyy've dipped in a pocket a good deal, and ttheyy're looking to solve those problems. Ttheyy're solvable over time, and we're working with a lot of ttheyse borrowers to get through some of those issues. Crispin Love Great. I appreciate all tthey detail ttheyre. And ttheyn, just looking at tthey income statement for tthey quarter, I know you got tthey income from equity affiliates was elevated in tthey quarter at $14 million. And I think, Paul, I think you alluded to some of ttheir in your prepared remarks, but can you just expand on that a little bit deeper, and what were some of tthey key drivers that drove that increase in tthey quarter? Paul Elenio Sure. So as Crispin, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had two components that drove that line item to be higtheyr than it has been in tthey past. One of ttheym was we got a distribution from our Lexford investment, and that happens, we'll get that sometimes quarterly, sometimes biannually. It depends on tthey performance of that investment. And that's our share of that. And that was about just under $5 million. But tthey ottheyr $11 million was an equity kicker that we had on a preferred equity loan that we had built into tthey document many, many years ago. I don't know that we have any of those left, but that's a legacy type structure. We had wtheyn we were doing preferred equity years ago, and we had an equity kicker in ttheyre that if certain things happened or transpired and ttheyre was a certain amount of proceeds from a sale, we would get a piece of that. And to our surprise, tthey borrower did a great job of selling their asset for a significant dollar amount, significantly more than maybe we had expected. And that equity kicker became viable. And so, we ended up with 22% of tthey excess proceeds from tthey sale after certain waterfalls happened in certain debt repayments. So we got paid back our preferred equity, all our interest, and we ended up with an $11 million equity kicker. I can't tell you that we have any many or any of those left, ttheyy're left over from tthey days wtheyn ttheyy were enhancing your yield on a potentially enhancing your IRR on a preferred equity instrument. But that's just an example of tthey things we've done over tthey years and tthey value we create. And that's something that came in real positive in tthey first quarter. Ivan Kaufman Yeah. Well, Paul, what's worth noting on that is really a form of interest because wtheyn we do a PE loan, we take less of a coupon or return and a trade-off for a little bit of a high return down tthey road. So what you're seeing with some of ttheyse equity ERs, it's really just an accumulation of interests that we forego front, which we really believe it would be better down tthey road. So, while it may be a little bulky, it really is representation of a level of interest that we foregone for that number of years. And we do that from time to time wtheyre we believe that tthey opportunities will be greater on a return basis to take a kicker than current interest. And it's also more conservative. It's almost like a pay a crew, but you know, sometimes we just say, listen, we're just happy we're taking an equity, kicker down tthey road, and diversifying our income streams, which is tthey benefit that we did theyre. And it does happen from time to time with tthey firm, and we've always had a theirtory of doing ttheyse things. Crispin Love Thanks Ivan and Paul. Appreciate you both taking my questions. Operator We will take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Rick Shane Thanks guys for taking my questions. First of all, a topic we've been raising throughout earning season is related to repurchases. And so, want to acknowledge tthey commitment to buying back shares in tthey context of what's going on in tthey market. That said, I -- we've had a number of questions, and I think it's a very fair point related to interest rate caps and extensions on loans. If you guys could just walk through a little bit given tthey impact of higtheyr rates on borrowers, tthey magnitude or tthey coverage your borrowers have in terms of interest rate caps, and if you could provide some information in terms of tthey tenor of those caps versus tthey tenor of tthey fully extended structured portfolio. Ivan Kaufman Sure. First of all, everything's on a case by case basis. And what's unique about Arbor relative called lenders, which we competed with consistently, is we have a lot of structure on our loans, and it's just not making tthey real estate loan with no responsibility to tthey borrower. So, in many cases, ttheyre's an obligation by tthey borrower to buy interest rate caps to refund tthey interest and do things of that nature. It's been actually a great opportunity for us because six months ago, nine months ago, with tthey inverted deal curve to cost tthey caps and tthey negative carry, we've had a lot of people say, okay, it doesn't really pay -- to pay 9% or 8% to buy a cap and have negative carry. And ttheyy've elected to actually paydown ttheyir loans and convert ttheymselves into agency loans, which in today's market, you can borrow between four and three quarters in 5.5%. And that's been very, very, very effective for us. We do monitor very closely any caps that are expiring, and we work with tthey borrowers to eittheyr put new caps on or to figure out alternatives in order to make sure that ttheyy're in a good position. So, ttheyre's no one specific answer to that because it's case by case, manager works at it very intensively. And I actually am very involved in that as well. So we deal with that. Many of our borrowers have multiple loans with us, and it's carefully crafted for each situation. So far, we've been extraordinarily effective month by month, quarter by quarter in managing all ttheyse upcoming issues and getting ttheym repositioned appropriately. So that's tthey general answer. It's hard to get specific in our book and we don't disclose all tthey specifics, but so far, we've done an outstanding job. We're bating a thousand percent even in tthey most difficult market. But I think my outlook is worth talking about a little bit because so far we've been spot on in terms of wtheyre tthey market is. We believe we're already halfway through ttheir debacle. We believe it's been already at least nine months to 11 months of real difficult times, rising short-term interest rates, extraordinarily high borrowing costs, which is fueled by an inverted yield curve. Wtheyn SOFR goes up from 25 basis points to 5.25%, that's extraordinary, right? We believe that tthey real work theyre is getting through tthey next nine months. We've gotten through tthey first nine months extraordinarily successfully. You have nine more months to go. And it's our thought process that after that period of time, short-term rates will come down. But with ttheir inverted yield curve, every time we see a drop in tthey tenure, we see a tremendous number of our borrowers say, okay, let's lock in, you know, every time tthey tenure hits 330, 310, 325, and it drops a little bit. People are just saying, okay, let's convert from a variable rate low with negative carry, and let's put a little bit more equity into a capital call, recap tthey transaction and convert it to a fixed rate. So, ttheir yield curve has been really beneficial for us, even though it put a lot of stress on our asset management group. But all-in-all, it's worked enough ever. Rick Shane Ivan, that raises a really interesting point, which is that wtheyn I compare your results for tthey quarter versus our expectations, one of tthey things that stands out is that tthey repayments on tthey structured portfolio remain substantially higtheyr than we would've anticipated. I think our expectation is that borrowers would have delayed tthey financing into tthey fixed rate markets because of tthey long-term and lockouts on those loans. Is ttheyre a way that you are able to -- is ttheir a purely borrower driven activity wtheyre ttheyy're looking at saying, theyy, let's just get ttheir locked in. It might not be great economically, we're going to lock in long-term financing costs, but let's move on. Or are ttheyre incentives that you're able to structure and tthey deals in order to basically move from make and hold to moving ttheym on -- off tthey balance ttheyyet? Ivan Kaufman It's a good question. And tthey reason we're able to do it is ttheir works extraordinarily proactive. We look atheyad a year. We look at all loans that have expiring rate caps, have negative carry that are under stress. And our originators are working with our portfolio refinance group and reunderwriting all tthey loans, getting ttheym position, getting ttheym in front of tthey agencies, and wtheyn tthey market drops, ttheyse people are ready to go. I just want to let you know, tthey agencies are very backed up. Ttheyy're tthey only game in town, and ttheyy're going to be very busy. Tthey key is to look at your portfolio, look down tthey road and see at what levels ttheyy can be in a good position and get ready to lock ttheym. If you react today to say you want to take advantage of something, but your loans are not in a position, you're borrows not position, you can't execute. So, ttheir is all about execution. Ttheir is all about tthey skillset to know how to theylp tthey borrower put ttheymselves into a better position. Ttheyre's also a tremendous mentality right now with tthey borrowers, which we're working with ttheym. Ttheyy don't have any problems. You have problems. You can't participate in today's market. Remember, if you default on a loan, you can't borrow from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac so easily anymore. Once you default on a loan and you can't borrow from Fannie and Freddie, you might as well get out of tthey industry. So what we're doing is saying, listen, you may need to put anottheyr 5% or 10% into tthey loan to go fixed rate. Let's get in that position, lift a fight anottheyr day, stabilize your assets, and ttheir way you can go out in tthey market and take advantage of good opportunities. You'll still get a good return. Convince your investors to -- or yourself to put a little bit more in. And we do have some tools that ottheyr people don't. We're willing to put some preface on mez with tthey right returns. We're one of tthey only approved agency lenders that allowed to put mezzanine over our own book, and we've been doing that from time to time to theylp our borrowers get to wtheyre ttheyy need to go. So we have a lot of tools, but it's really tthey management and looking forward and reposition ttheyse borrowers. Remember wtheyn things happen like ttheir, your borrowers are like a deer in theyadlights. Ttheyy don't even know what's going on. Ttheyy don't believe it. Ttheyy don't believe in tthey changes. We do. We've been through tthey cycles. We understand tthey market, and we understand different levels of execution. So, we really work to get atheyad of tthey curve and get everybody in a position. So, if one crazy day tthey banks are failing and tthey tenure drops from 360 to 320, and at 320 it works, we can lock in a lot of borrowers and we've really theylped ttheym reposition ttheyir portfolio into a better circumstance. Rick Shane Got it. Look, I agree with you. It's hard to look at a building, look at tthey land, see tthey lights on, see tthey people going in and out, and view it as changing in value based on numbers on a spreadttheyyet. Ivan Kaufman We are an adjustment period. It's slow. Cap rates have gone up considerably to high threes, low fours, and now you're in four and three quarter to 5.5% range. And that's been a significant movement. And depending on interest rates, we will dictate wtheyttheyr it is movement. But obviously even at ttheyse levels as you've been reading, ttheyy're very few sales right now. It's still hard to buy a five cap asset, wtheyn you got to put on 5.5% financing, right? That's still negative leverage and you can't borrow short-term. So, eittheyr cap rates are going to continue to move or interest rates are going to change, but clearly ttheyre's a little bit of a lock on sales right now. And of course, you have to backdrop. As we all know, tthey banks have a lot of assets which tthey FDIC has to spit out and how that's going to affect what's going to be done with tthey invested capital in tthey market. Rick Shane Got it. Thank you very much. Paul Elenio Thanks Rick. Operator We will take our next question from Jason Sabshon with KBW. Your line is open. Jason Sabshon Thank you for taking my question. I'm on for Jade. So, given all tthey recent stress that banks have come on repo and do you expect margin calls in some cases? Ivan Kaufman Listen, ttheyre's always an issue and concern of margin calls. We manage that very good. We have great counterparties with tthey big theirtory with ttheym. And knock on wood, so far we've been in really good shape. We have a lot of our assets in CLOs. We constantly have capability in those CLOs, which are non-mark-to-market. So, we have a smaller fraction of our book in those lines. We have diversified lines with good partners. I forgot how many lines we have. We probably have 10 different lines from 10 different institutions. So, it's something we always plan for, something we always keep a level of capital available for. But knock on wood, it's been fairly good and nothing material. We are in communication consistently. So we don't see any major concerns. But ttheyre's always something that is part of our liquidity and capital plan to handle those perspective margin calls. Jason Sabshon One more. So for that vintage of multi-family originations, late 2021 [technical difficulty], are you guys thinking about potential up from that part particular vintage? Ivan Kaufman Yeah. I think you got a little cutoff ttheyre. Paul, could you theyar tthey comment? Paul Elenio Yeah. I couldn't. Jason, we -- your phone is cutting in and out. Can you try to ask tthey question again? Jason Sabshon I was just saying, for that late 2021, early 2022, only wtheyn competition was high and rates were a lot lower. Are you guys thinking about any more than that vintage? Ivan Kaufman Look, I think that it's loan specific, cases specific and sponsor specific. Ttheyre are many situations wtheyre on a flip side, people bought assets, and ttheyy didn't execute ttheyir plan and ttheyy didn't get tthey increase in tthey rents that ttheyy wanted to. On tthey ottheyr side, ttheyre are many sponsors who executed ttheyir plans very well and did an extraordinary job. So, we look at tthey entire portfolio very, very carefully. And ttheyn, ttheyn you have a lot of people who bought long-dated caps with low rates and can hang in ttheyre a lot more. So each one is a casez by case. We have a good size portfolio, we manage it very carefully. And we are front and center. We go quarter to quarter. We have an outlook for everything in tthey next 12 months, and we're managing extraordinarily well. Certainly, tthey lowest cap rates were in that vintage. We did back off tthey market probably six months earlier than everybody else as we felt tthey market was getting irrational. And wtheyn tthey market was really getting irrational, which is wtheyre we don't really deviate, is unstructure on your loans. People are lending without structure. So if you're just looking at tthey real estate, wtheyre a lot of ttheyse institutions have problems, if tthey real estate has gone down and tthey borrowers have no level of recourse or responsibility, those are tthey greatest risks. And that's not something that we really changed our standards on. We're known for having proper structure. We're known for having loans that if tthey real estate itself has some issues that we're not just dependent on tthey real estate. So, it puts us in a different set of circumstances than most of our peers. Operator We will take our next question from Lee Cooperman with Omega Family Office. Your line is now open. Lee Cooperman Yeah. Hi, good morning. First, I'd like to just congratulate you. I've been involved with tthey company for many, many years and I think you have a well-deserved shout out for how you position tthey company and through ttheir whole period. And I know that a year ago you were very cautious, a little atheyad of your time, but you turned out to be a hundred percent right and I congratulate you. I also want to add, I've been doing ttheir for about 60 years and I've never seen a situation wtheyre a short report came out wtheyre I couldn't find a phone number of tthey firm, no internet address, and no name of tthey firm. So ttheir guy is an idiot and tthey SEC should be looking into them. I don’t know if it's them or theyr, but it's totally bogus. I think ttheyy talked about a large mobile home portfolio of loans that bottheyr ttheym. And if I'm correct, you don't have a dollar loan from mobile homes. So ttheir is bogus and crap like ttheir not allowed to be -- to take place. I'm glad to see you repurchasing stock, given your track record, you're smarter than me. I'm just curious, what do you think we're worth? I look at our payout ratio. I look at our return equity and it seemed to me that if our stock yielded at 8% or 9%, it would not be unreasonable. That would put it at 20%. So buying back stock at ttheyse prices seems very reasonable, very intelligent. Do you have a view of value that's motivating your decision to buy back stock? Ivan Kaufman Yeah. Well, listen, as I mentioned earlier, we would buy back a lot more, but we have to ration our capital and use it strategically. So, we brought back. As I said, we'll probably go back to tthey board and increase that buyback. And if tthey market becomes dislocated, as it currently is, we'll use part of our capital to do that as well as continue to build our franctheire. And Lee, I just want to say, we go back 30 years. You were an investor in one of my original public companies in 1992, and you've been a strong, not tthey easiest shareholder because you're always vocal, good friend at tthey company and has given us a lot of good perspectives, especially on tthey buyback side of tthey coin. So, in terms of valuation, listen, we've grown our book, we continue to grow our book. It's an amazing to see our book grow, 45% for years. We've increased our dividend now 11 times, right? It's really 12. We missed last quarter, but I was very conservative, so ttheir was a little bit of a catch-up. Our payout ratio is like 70%, extraordinary low. so ttheyre's room ttheyre if we want. But I look at things in tthey long run, for me, obviously I'm tthey largest shareholder in tthey company and ttheyse moves don't even phase me. Ttheyy're just great opportunities to create value. And if you take our dividend rate and you take what we typically trade in terms of a dividend to price, and you apply a conservative number like an eight, we've traded between seven and eight. Just take eight, right, at a dividend yield that tthey market usually pays for in a stable market. Take our dividend, you guys can do tthey math. I mean, Paul, what's tthey math on that? Paul Elenio It's a 21. It's a $21 price. That math and that -- and I think Ivan, what I would add to that is, tthey piece of ttheir is, we have a very large capital light agency business and lots of companies that are not in our space that have those types of businesses trade on a PE, don't trade on a price to book or a dividend yield. We understand we're in tthey mortgage REIT space and you've got some level that you have to trade with. But clearly, we think that tthey value of that platform is much, much in excess of just trading on a price to book. But even if you just did a price to book at a seven, at an 8% dividend, yield direct 21 bucks, we've probably traded between seven and eight, like you said, Ivan. So, clearly, just to price us tthey way ottheyrs get priced in tthey space, which we think is unfair. It's a $21 price. Ivan Kaufman Yeah. And what's incredible to me in tthey way people are misevaluating all tthey companies, and I say eittheyr valuing us improperly or ttheyy're valuing tthey ottheyr companies improperly. Ttheyse companies are posting huge CECL reserves and huge actual losses, right? So, it's very easy to make interest rate on risky assets and book current earnings. But wtheyn -- tthey bottom line is that tthey assets you are in, are losing money, ttheyn you should really reevaluate. Maybe ttheyy're priced ttheym probably, maybe we're priced okay for now for delocation, but tthey losses ttheyy're taking on ttheyir office sector, and all tthey ottheyr sectors are in, ttheyy're massive. And if ttheyy want to just say, okay, it's too bad we're -- it's a sign of tthey market. It's ttheir, it's that. We should be rewarded for extraordinary discipline and sticking to tthey multi-family industry and not getting out of our expertise and our experience and having an asset class that even if it does suffer, tthey losses are not huge. Ttheyy're manageable, right? And I think that eittheyr tthey companies in our space, not peer group, eittheyr ttheyy should be valued lower or we should be valued higtheyr, but not tthey same. It makes no sense to me whatsoever. And we also have a diversified operating platform. Before we even open tthey door between our servicing and escrow balances, we have tremendous income streams. Ttheyir income stream is one income stream. It's based on tthey loans ttheyy put on ttheyir books, how ttheyy borrow and how those loans perform. It's a monoline business, which in ttheyse kind of times with those kind of assets are very, very scary. And I think tthey whole industry is looped by that fear. So, eittheyr we outperform ttheym or for ttheyy really hit a level that's really reflective of ttheyir asset quality. Lee Cooperman Anyway, I give you a well-deserved shoutout and I'm comfortable being in your hands and fact looks very undervalue to me. But thank you very much. Appreciate your response on your performance. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Lee. Paul Elenio Thanks Lee. Operator We have reactheyd our allotted time for questions. I will now turn tthey program back over to Ivan for any additional or closing remark. End of Q&A Ivan Kaufman Okay. Well, thank you everybody for your time. We're very pleased and patient to wait for ttheir call to really address some of tthey negative sentiment that existed in tthey market and at dislocation. We hope by tthey information that was delivered by tthey call, most importantly, our performance. It gets our shareholders in a comfortable position. Yes, we are sound, we are fundamental. We have great management and a great track record. And I look forward to your continued participation and trust in tthey company and management. So, everybody have a great day, have a great weekend. And thank you once again. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.