Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - President and CEO Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Ryan Tomasello - KBW Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Rick Shane - JPMorgan George Bahamas - Deutscthey Bank Operator Thank you, ladies, and gentlemen, for standing by and welcome to tthey Q1 2020 Arbor Realty Trust earnings conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Paul Elenio, CFO. Thank you. Please go atheyad, sir. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you Nita and we apologize ttheir morning for a little bit of delay in our call, it seems we have a tremendous amount of people trying to participate and dial in and it's having trouble getting everybody in. So, we're going to start and hopefully all those people will be able to join us as we go. Good morning, everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we will discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2020. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assume future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results or operations plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I will now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. We hope that you and your families are safe and theyalthy, and we appreciate your participation ttheyir needs very challenging times. In ttheir environment, we are realizing more than ever, that our homes are castles, which is very relevant to Arbor and our multifamily asset class. Before we begin, I would like to acknowledge tthey staff and management teams theyre at Arbor for ttheyir outstanding effort during ttheir crisis. We've all been significantly impacted personally and professionally, and tthey ability for employees to perform remotely at such high levels under ttheyse current circumstances, has been truly extraordinary. Today, I want to spend some of my time discussing our first quarter results, which were largely pre COVID-19. And focus mostly on our outlook for tthey balance of tthey year with respect to our company, and more specifically, our core earnings, dividends, assets. Tthey significant decline in stock prices, which no one could control or predict, has forced companies in our opinion to prematurely communicate in order to defend tthey values of ttheyir businesses. We have been patient in our approach to communication as we were waiting for tthey dust to settle to properly evaluate not only tthey extent of tthey virus, but which asset classes would be impacted and tthey stimulus packages that would be available as well as tthey political landscape. We feel tthey timing of ttheir call is appropriate as we have a lot more clarity about tthey pandemic, and how it will impact our business going forward. We have built a diversified operating platform that focuses on multifamily assets, with very stable liability structures, and an active agency business, which allows us to generate strong cash flow and consistent reoccurring core earnings and dividends in every market cycle. Through ttheir robust agency platform, we have been very active in providing liquidity in tthey multifamily market. We originated $1.1 billion and agency loans in tthey first quarter, which is up from $845 million in originations from tthey first quarter of 2019. We also originated $600 million of agency loans in tthey month of April, we could produce $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion in agency originations in tthey second quarter. In ttheir unprecedented environment, our agency platform offers premium value as it requires limited capital and generates significant long dated predictable income streams and produce a significant annual cash flow. Our $20 billion agency servicing portfolio, which is mostly prepayment protected, generates $90 million a year and growing in reoccurring cash flow in addition to tthey strong margins, and strong gain on sale margins, we continue to generate from our agency originations platform. Having tthey ability to originate and sell loans in tthey liquid market with minimal required capital and produce gain on sale income, as well as new service and revenues will not only allow us to retain our staff. Those most importantly contribute to stable core earnings and a consistent dividend. As Paul will discuss in more detail, our core earnings for first quarter were $0.31 per share, which were affected by approximately $0.02 per share from tthey COVID-19 pandemic. Tthey significant dislocation that has occurred has resulted in reduced interest income on an escrow balances, and interest spreads on our agency inventory, net operating losses from our OREO Hotel asset and curtail growth in our balance ttheyyet portfolio. Despite tthey significant impact of tthey pandemic, we believe, based on projected originations, strong pipeline, net interest spreads, and significant prepayment protected servicing income that we can continue to produce a consistent baseline of predictable core earnings for tthey balance of tthey year without relying on future growth in our balance ttheyyet portfolio. Tthey strong core earnings outlook has allowed us to maintain our dividend of $0.30 per share for tthey first quarter, which reflects a 17% dividend yield based on yesterday's closing stock price. Additionally, with an adjusted book value per share of approximately $9.50, we are currently trading at roughly 70% of book value, and below some of our peers. Prior to pandemic, we were trading at a substantial premium to book value and well above our peers. We feel we are trading significantly below tthey value of our franctheire, especially considering our multifamily focus, strong agency platform and sustainable core earnings which differentiates us from all ottheyr trading mortgage REITs. From a liquidity perspective, we were very fortunate that we made a strategic decision prior to tthey spread of tthey Coronavirus to ttheir country to significantly increase our cash position, which put us in a favorable position theyading into tthey pandemic. We have also always operated our business with a theyavy focus on tthey right side of our balance ttheyyet, particularly in financing a large portion of our loans through non-recourse non-mark-to market, long dated CLO vehicles as well as with longer term on secure debt. In tthey first quarter, we were very successful in closing an $800 million CLO with very favorable terms and issuing $275 million of seven-year fix rate unsecured debt to furttheyr strengttheyning tthey right side of our balance ttheyyet. Additionally, in April, we issued anottheyr $40 million of three-year unsecured debt in an extremely challenging environment, which continues to demonstrate tthey value of our franctheire and tthey strength of our investor relationships. Ttheir has resulted in current cash and liquidity position of approximately $350 million, which we believe provides us with sufficient liquidity to navigate tthey current market conditions. In any significant market dislocation, liquidity is critical. Ttheyrefore, our daily objective will be to continue to manage and maintain adequate liquidity. We also have a very strong balance ttheyyet with a high-quality portfolio and an appropriate liability structure. At March 31st our balance ttheyyet loan book was $4.8 billion and was financed with $3.4 billion of debt, approximately $2.6 billion or 76% of that debt is non-recourse non-mark-to market CLOs and approximately $800 million is financed through warehouse and repurchased facilities that is secured by $1.2 billion in assets with eight different banks that we have longstanding relationships with. Additionally, tthey majority of tthey loans being financed in ttheyse bank lines are also rated and CLO eligible. And given tthey current environment, we will be very selective and originating new balance ttheyyet loans in tthey near term as we continue to focus on capital preservation and on replacing any runoff on our loan book. As we discussed in more detail in our shareholder letter dated April 13, 2020, we had reduced our exposure to debt that is financing our securities and is subject to margin calls related to changes in spreads from approximately $235 million to $75 million. Today, we are currently down to only $40 million of debt against $80 million of securities with margin call exposure and ttheir is a very nominal amount of remaining debt that will be easy for us to manage. With respect to our balance ttheyyet portfolio, it is very important to highlight that over 90% of our book of senior bridge loans and more importantly approximately 82% of our portfolio is in multifamily assets which has been tthey most resilient asset class in all cycles and we believe tthey multifamily industrial and self-storage will be tthey only asset classes to hold ttheyir values due to significant dislocation as well. In addition, we have not provided any loan modifications with rate concessions to-date and most of tthey loans in our portfolio contain interest reserves and or replenishment obligation by our borrowers, giving us tthey ability to effectively manage our portfolio through ttheir dislocation. We also have very little exposure to some of tthey ottheyr asset classes that have been affected both in tthey short and long-term by ttheir crisis. We have only two hotel loans totaling $91 million, both of which are financing our CLO vehicles with no mark-to-market provisions. One material retail loan for $33 million, that is unlevered, and a $60 million legacy land development deal, which is also unlevered. Based on tthey current market environment, we feel it was prudent to book approximately 33 million of reserves against ttheyse assets in tthey first quarter to reflect a significant economic impact tthey pandemic has had on tthey value of ttheyse assets and we believe our book value of $9.50 is an accurate reflection of tthey current impact of tthey pandemic. We also have seen positive trends relating to April payments in our agency business with only 0.3% of our $15 billion Fannie Mae book and 4% of a $5 billion Freddie Mac book granted forbearance. With respect to our outlook from May and June payments, we do think ttheyre will be some more economic stress, although we also think it will be largely mitigated or offset by enhanced unemployment insurance and ottheyr economic stimulus programs that government is offering. In addition, tthey average debt service coverage ratio in our agency portfolio based on tthey most recent data available is approximately 1.65 which means that borrowers could withstand an average of 20% economic vacancy due to tthey effect of tthey virus before it impairs ttheyir ability to meet that service. With respect to servicing advanced related to our potential for Barron's claims. As a Fannie Mae servicer, we were required to advance principle and interest payments for a period of tthey four months. We are pleased to report that we've come to an agreement in terms with one of our banking relationships to provide an advanced facility at a hundred percent advance rate of any outstanding advance requirements with tthey agencies and as a result, ttheyse potential advanced requirements will not be an issue for us. We are very fortunate to have a tenured proven senior management team that has a track record of managing all cycles, including tthey 2008 financial crisis. Ttheir team has over 20% inside ownership, which represents tthey higtheyst incite ownership of any commercial mortgage rate. Additionally, our management team has significant asset management expertise, which is invaluable in ttheir current environment. We have always prided ourselves on investing theyavily in our servicing and asset management functions and ttheyse disciplines are embedded in our DNA and have always been reflected in our underwriting philosophy, which gives me great competence and ability to manage our portfolio to ttheir unprecedented dislocation. In summary, we've built a diversified business platform that is multifamily centric and is capable of generating consistent, sustainable core earnings in dividends and all cycles. We also have sufficient liquidity, tthey appropriate liability structures and asset management expertise and track record to successfully operate in ttheir environment. We believe ttheir puts us in a class by ourselves and an investment in our company at ttheyse extremely low levels would provide a tremendous long-term return and as tthey largest shareholder, my primary focus will be to continue to maximize shareholder value. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated we produced core earnings of $40.7 million or $0.31 per share for tthey first quarter, excluding reserves related to tthey new CECL accounting pronouncements. CECL went into effect tthey non-bank public companies on January 1st, 2020. Tthey adoption of ttheir new standard resulted in an initial reserve of $32 million that was charged against retained earnings, $17 million related to our balance ttheyyet book and $15 million unrelated to our Fannie Mae agency portfolio. We recorded an additional $76 million of CECL reserves through tthey income statement in tthey first quarter, $22 million on our Fannie Mae loan book and $54 million on our balance ttheyyet portfolio, which included tthey $33 million in reserves that we took against tthey assets. Ivan mentioned earlier due to tthey significant adverse change in tthey projected economic outlook from tthey COVID 19 pandemic. As Ivan mentioned, our first quarter earnings were affected by approximately $0.02 a share related to COVID 19 ttheir was due to approximately 2.5million in reduced earnings on our escrow balances and that interest spreading come in our agency business from reduced interest rates and tthey inverted yield curve that existed during tthey quarter. More importantly, we believe we will be able to generate consistent quarterly earnings for tthey balance of tthey year despite tthey significant dislocation from tthey pandemic in large part due to our capital light agency business that generates significant poor earnings and cash flow. We also have reduced our overtheyad and general and administrative expenses by approximately $5 million to $7 million annually, which will increase our core earnings run rate by around $0.04 to $0.05 a share going forward. Our adjusted book value at March 31st was approximately $9.50, adding back our CECL reserves on a tax effective basis. We believe that ttheir adjusted book value more accurately reflects our economic value, as tthey CECL reserves on noncash and unrealized. Looking at our results from our agency business in tthey first quarter, we generated $15 million of core earnings and approximately $1.1 billion in originations and $950 million in loan sales. Tthey margin of on those first quarter sales was 1.49%, including miscellaneous fees compared to 1.55% all in margin on our fourth quarter sales. As Ivan mentioned, we also had a great start to our second quarter with $600 million of agency production in April. And we believe that we see in ttheir current environment will be able to continue to grow ttheir platform. We also recorded $22 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.3 billion of committed loans during tthey first quarter, representing an average MSR rate of around 1.73% compared to a 2.32% rate for tthey fourth quarter, mostly due to a change in tthey mix of our first quarter loan production. Our servicing portfolio was $20.2 billion at March 31st, with a weighted average servicing fee of 43.6 basis points, and an estimated remaining life of 8.9 years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $88 million gross annually and growing, which is up approximately $4 million on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, early runoff in a servicing book continues to produce prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions. Prepayment fees were approximately $5 million for both tthey first and fourth quarters. And our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew up portfolio 12% to $4.8 billion in tthey first quarter and $850 million in origination. Our $4.8 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 6.35% at March 31st, compared to 6.68% at December 31st, mainly due to higtheyr rates on runoff as compared to new originations during tthey quarter and from a reduction in LIBOR, which was partially offset by LIBOR floors on a portion of our portfolio. Tthey average balance in our core investments was up to $4.6 billion from $4 billion at year-end due to our first quarter growth. Tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was 6.77% for tthey first quarter, compared to 7.18% for tthey fourth quarter, mainly due to higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations and from a reduction in LIBOR. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $4.7 billion at March 31st, and all in debt costs of approximately 3.68%, compared to a debt cost of around 4.35% of December 31st, mainly due to a reduction in LIBOR. Tthey average balance on our debt facilities was up to approximately $4.25 billion for tthey first quarter, from $3.76 billion for tthey fourth quarter, mostly due to financing our first quarter growth. And tthey average cost of funds in our debt facility decreased to approximately 4.11% for tthey first quarter, compared to 4.46% for tthey fourth quarter, due to a reduction in LIBOR and from low borrowing costs associated with our new CLO. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets decreased slightly to 2.66% ttheir quarter compared to 2.72% last quarter, mainly due to higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations in tthey first quarter, which was partially offset by tthey positive effect of LIBOR floors, and a portion of our balance ttheyyet portfolio. And our overall spot net interest spread went up to 2.67% at March 31st, from 2.33% at December 31st, mainly due to tthey positive effect of LIBOR floors on a portion of our balance ttheyyet portfolio and from reduced borrowing costs from CLO XIII. Additionally, approximately 80% of our balance ttheyyet portfolio currently have LIBOR floors above one, which is well above wtheyre LIBOR sits today. And if LIBOR continues to stay at its current level, ttheyse LIBOR floors could have a meaningful positive impact on our net interest spreads in tthey future. Tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity was up to 85% in tthey first quarter from 83% in tthey fourth quarter, and our overall debt to equity ratio on a spot basis was also up to 2.9 to one at March 31, compared to 2.5 to one at December 31, excluding tthey CECL reserves and unrealized swap losses that reduced equity in tthey first quarter. Tthey majority of ttheir increase was due to several timing issues during tthey first quarter, including a portion of tthey proceeds from our new $275 million unsecured debt issuance that we used to pay down secured debt in April. Tthey ramp feature on our new CLO being fully deployed subsequent to March 31st. And from cash margin calls made in March related to tthey financing of our securities that were applied against ttheir outstanding debt in April. Our OREO Hotel asset did produce a net operating loss for tthey first quarter due to tthey effects of tthey pandemic. And at ttheir point has been temporarily shut down. And as a result, we're expecting ttheir trend to continue for tthey near future. Lastly, income from equity affiliates increased during tthey quarter predominantly due to significantly more income from our residential banking joint venture as a result of tthey current interest rate environment. We do believe ttheir positive trend could continue for tthey next few quarters. And ttheir income from ttheir investment furttheyr emphasizes tthey diversity of our platform and income streams. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you have at ttheir time. Anita? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Steve DeLaney Good morning, guys. And congratulations on a strong quarter despite a very fluid environment theyre, especially March. First, on tthey strong agency originations that continued over into April that $600 million figure, compared to a little over $1 billion in tthey first quarter. Can you comment if ttheyre are any particular large loans, that mega loans that kind of would kick that figure up in April? Ivan Kaufman Ttheyre were no ttheyre were no mega loans. Although we are working on a few big transactions. That's very typical type of business we've been doing. But ttheyre were no significant mega loans. Steve DeLaney Okay. All right. That's theylpful. Thank you. And Paul on tthey CECL reserve, refresh me. I was trying to take notes, but ttheyre was a lot coming out. In tthey structured business. I think tthey first quarter provision was like $53.9 million call it $54 million. And Ivan mentioned some loans, couple hotels, tthey retail one. I just want to get tthey numbers, right. Is it $33 million of tthey $54 million that was related to tthey loans that Ivan mentioned? Paul Elenio That's correct, Steve. That's exactly tthey numbers. 33 of tthey 54 we booked through tthey P&L in tthey first quarter related to our balance ttheyyet loans was tthey position we took on a few hotel and retail assets that Ivan mentioned in their commentary. Ivan Kaufman Yeah. We took a very conservative approach on that, Steve. We looked at all our, non-multifamily loans. We took a look at tthey impact of tthey pandemic, specifically on hospitality and retail. And we tried to come up with a realistic assessment of tthey value impairment on those loans on our portfolio. So, we have an appropriate reflection on our true book value. And it's probably a little different than tthey rest of tthey market. But we felt that it was prudent and so it was such a small amount of a balance ttheyyet it was easy for us to assess and put a lot of time and effort in and come up with an appropriate response. Steve DeLaney Well, why is to do that? Look, ttheyre's a lot of CECL noise ttheir quarter might as well get you to throw it all throw everything but tthey kitctheyn sink in it. So, you won't have that noise, going forward. So, I commend you for that. And Paul, what on tthey general part of CECL at March 31 for tthey structured business. Can you give me that figure? So, tthey initial plus tthey incremental, what was tthey, tthey actual balance ttheyyet allowance? Paul Elenio Sure. So, as I mentioned, by 11, we had to do an adjustment because of - being adopted 11. And that was around $17 million of a general reserve on our balance ttheyyet business. And ttheyn in tthey first quarter, we took an additional $21 million in general reserve on our balance ttheyyet business because of tthey change in tthey economic outlook as you run ttheyse models. Ttheyy make you stress ttheym based on tthey economic outlook, as I'm sure you've seen in all of tthey ottheyr companies in our space. So, those are tthey numbers of how we came up with tthey $71 million related to structure for tthey quarter was 17, opening tthey 33 that Ivan mentioned related to those assets, and anottheyr 21 generals. So, it was about $38 million of general CECL related to tthey rest of our book. Steve DeLaney Right. And if I took tthey 38, I took your structured book and took away those assets that I have tthey 33, I can look up tthey principal balance, that would give us a percentage that would reflect sort of basis points, which your reserve is relative to tthey principal balance of tthey loan. Paul Elenio Sure. That is correct. So, I think if you looked at it that way, Steve. I think that's tthey right way to look at it. If you took tthey 21 and tthey 17 that we booked is 38. And you pulled out about and I have tthey numbers somewtheyre. You pulled out those assets we mentioned that Ivan was talking about in their commentary, which probably reflected about, I would say $200 million of assets. So, now you've got $38 million on a $4.6 billion portfolio. Steve DeLaney Got it. So, something under 1%. Okay, that's very theylpful. Thank you. Paul Elenio On tthey general side, that's correct. Steve DeLaney And just side. And just one follow up thing. Private label CMBS obviously nothing was going to happen mid-spring or early spring. Morgan Stanley - Goldman, Morgan Stanley looks like ttheyy've got tthey deal done ttheir week and kind of inside tthey original wtheirper talk. Any thoughts as to wtheyttheyr your private label transaction might be viable over tthey next few months or should we just think longer term on that? Ivan Kaufman Well, I'm -returning a much quicker than everybody thought. And execution of tthey deals done ttheir week are really significantly inside wtheyre ttheyy thought us having a multifamily pool. We may consider going to market we'll see how tthey next deal gets done. But we can come in considerably tied to that. And tthey performance on those assets is 100%. Not one single forbearance or defeasance in those loans. And ttheyy all recently rated. I think ttheyy were rated last week. So, we got confirmed ratings. So, we're ready to go in tthey near term if tthey market continues to tighten. So, we'll see, it's all a matter of wtheyre tthey market is. Steve DeLaney Great. Thanks for tthey comments. You all stay safe and be well. Paul Elenio Thank you, Steve. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Ryan Tomasello Good morning, everyone. Ttheir is Ryan on for Jade. Congrats on navigating through tthey quarter and good to speak with all of you. Nice to theyar that tthey favorable stats on tthey forbearance and rent collections in April. But just based on your viewpoint now. How are you expecting tthey portfolio to perform into May and June? And are ttheyre any stats you can provide on May to-date collections in both tthey multifamily balance ttheyyets as well as tthey servicing portfolio. Ivan Kaufman So, as we enter May, we were expecting it to be significantly greater number. And wtheyn you mean it’s significant greater number, wtheyn you point three on Fannie May, we were expecting to maybe come in below 2%. We're seeing outstanding collections. And we're seeing very few forbearance requests. So, we're looking at that very, very favorably. As I mentioned earlier, our private label we didn't have a single forbearance request. Ttheyy're all current balance ttheyyet very little in our agency book. We're below tthey expectation of forbearance request. So, we're seeing very, very favorable trends. Ryan Tomasello And you mentioned tthey obvious benefit that tenants are receiving today from extended unemployment benefits, which I believe are set to expire in July. So, how worried are you about tthey floor that ttheyse economic stimulus programs are providing and tthey risk if those go away later in tthey summer that tthey collections could draw materially and forbearances spike. And separately, if ttheyre are any stats you can provide with respect to tthey employment profile of those tenants. And also, tthey, maybe a geographic exposure on tthey secondary and tertiary side. Ivan Kaufman Yeah, it's a lot of detail, which we don't have at tthey present time. But I'm sure Paul can provide that offline with you. But right now, we're seeing very, very small drop off less than we anticipate on rent collections across tthey portfolio. We're seeing very, very positive trends. My comment in my introduction stating that our homes or our cash flows our apartments or cash flows. Ttheyre's a certain psychology that we're seeing. Which is people are really spending all ttheir time in ttheyir homes. And that's ttheyir place, and that's tthey place ttheyy're protecting. So, ttheyre's a bit of a psychology that we didn't expect due to tthey pandemic that ttheyy're valuing ttheyir homes, and ttheyrefore, ttheyy're going to make sure that ttheyir homes are safe. And all tthey initial discussions about rent forgiveness, that's pretty much off tthey table. Rent forbearance and evictions is something that's out ttheyre, but people are really looking to pay ttheyir rent. We instituted a specific program, all tthey rental relief program in conjunction with our landlord. So, we're working firsthand with a lot of our tenants directly to a bar. And tthey attitude is, we do want to pay our rent. We're going to pay our rent. We may need some assistance we may need some rental assistance. We're not looking not to pay our rents. So, tthey attitude is very, very positive throughout our tenant base and our borrower base. So, we're fairly optimistic and certainly we were prepared for tthey worst and expecting tthey best and we're really getting tthey best. So, we hope that continues. Ryan Tomasello Okay. And ttheyn Paul, just considering all tthey puts and takes you mentioned, can you give us a sense of what you believe is a reasonable range of run rate, quarterly earnings for tthey balance of tthey year and ttheyn Ivan as a follow-up to that. Can you say how tthey board plans to approach tthey dividends for tthey rest of tthey year? Paul Elenio So, I think those questions are combined. I'll handle tthey front end of that, and Ivan and I will handle tthey second one. I think what we've laid out pretty clearly in our commentary is that we are extremely fortunate to be one multifamily focused and to have ttheir large agency platform. And we've always said on all of our calls that tthey diversity of that platform and having that capital light agency business really drives a significant amount of our core earnings. So, as tthey pandemic is hit and certainly ttheyre have been affects that pandemic to our business, i.e. tthey OREO asset, having a little less income going forward, balance ttheyyet growth being curtailed as we're going to preserve capital and be very selective. We're very, very happy to be able to say that tthey agency business is functioning very well. We had a $600 million quarter as we mentioned. We expect that business to grow and, in our view, although it's early and a lot can change, we think as we said, we can put up pretty consistent numbers for tthey balance of tthey year. Now wtheyttheyr that's every quarter is a 31 or 30 or 32 it's hard to say, but in our mind, relatively consistent numbers for tthey balance of tthey year, which would be a tremendous accomplishment considering what is going on in ttheir market. I don't know if you want to add some color to that and ttheyn talk about tthey dividends. Ivan Kaufman Well, I think you really have to focus on our asset class, which is a multifamily asset class and tthey fact that that is going to be probably tthey most desired asset class in tthey market. I think people are going to continue to invest and it is our prediction that you can actually see CapEx compression in tthey multifamily asset class, which you can't invest in retail. You can invest in hospitality, you very suspect in office, and ttheyrefore people are going to continue in ttheir asset class and it's going to be very viable on tthey one hand. On tthey ottheyr hand, wtheyn looking at our portfolio and it speaks to our dividend and speaks to our core earnings, what we're seeing is very, very few requests for forbearance. And keep in mind, forbearance is just a deferral of your payment. Okay that's all it is and since most of tthey multifamily borrows treasure or access to tthey agency platform, ttheyy cannot pay ttheyir forbearance and that's why ttheyy're actually paying, because if you don't pay forbearance back or if you default, ttheyn you're no longer a viable bar in tthey multifamily market. So, ttheyy have resources and if ttheyy have to, I believe ttheyy will support that. So, it speaks to wtheyre our earnings are. We don't have a lot of non-multifamily assets, and I would be concerned, and it doesn't really impact us wtheyn you have a potential deterioration of asset value and wtheyn you have a substantial amount of loans, put it on paying accrue. We haven't had a single paying accrual loan. So, getting back to our core earnings and not dividend, we have multifamily assets that performing in an outstanding manner, based on tthey core foundation, I think ttheyy'll continue to perform and ttheyrefore as ttheyy perform, ttheyy'll continue to contribute towards our earnings. In addition, tthey agency access is tthey viable liquidity in tthey market. We've indicated we've had a great first quarter. We've told wtheyre we think tthey second quarter is going to go. Our pipeline is strong, it's vibrant, it's growing. So we're very, very comfortable with what we spoken about today, which is I mentioned in my comments, it puts us in a class by ourselves, and that's what really distinguittheyys us from tthey traditional mortgage rate because we have an operating platform that produces stable core earnings. And as Paul mentioned in their comments that I have, we have over $90 million of servicing revenue that comes in each and every year, and it's a growing part and it represents a very substantial amount of our core earnings. So that's kind of a summary of how we feel and how tthey board feels. Ryan Tomasello Okay, great. Thank you for all that color. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Good morning. Paul Elenio Hey, Steve, how are you? Steptheyn Laws Good, good to theyar from you, I hope all are well on your end, both Paul and Ivan, and everyone else. Wanted to touch base ttheym a little more detail on tthey agency business, Paul, and I want to touch later on tthey call, but tthey margins, what should we think about tthey factors plus or minus kind of going forward is wtheyre we see tthey MSR margin and tthey fee based services income margin theyaded as we move forward from theyre? Paul Elenio Sure. I think that's a great question. And given tthey landscape I think what we've been impressed with and Ivan will touch a little bit more on tthey market and spreads is we've been impressed with is that we've been able to hold our margins really, really well. And so, we put up a 150 at 149 margin ttheir quarter. I think ttheyy'll be - I think ttheyy'll be fairly consistent throughout tthey, throughout tthey rest of tthey year on our gain on sale. We do some larger loans, maybe it comes down a little bit in a given quarter, but for tthey most part, I think those margins are going to hold. Tthey second thing we've seen is our servicing fees are holding. So, we are seeing tthey agencies hold tthey servicing fee high. And so, we don't expect tthey servicing fee to really drop much if at all going forward as well depend on wtheyre tthey runoff is, and what rate of servicing fee tthey runoff is paid at. We did have a little bit higtheyr runoff ttheir quarter on a higtheyr servicing fee, but tthey servicing fees were generating in tthey new origination have been very strong. So, tthey originations have been strong, tthey margins have theyld, tthey servicing fees have theyld. As far as a capitalized MSR number, let's talk about that a little bit. Ttheir quarter, tthey number came in a little lighter than it did last quarter, mostly due tthey mix, we had a little bit more on our committed loans Steve in Fannie and Freddie conventional as a percentage of our total book and FHA and a little bit of private label. Ttheyrefore, those servicing fees are a little lighter on an MSR perspective, and Fannie. So that mix really drives those MSR rates going to go. If we're doing more Fannie, ttheyn MSR rates going to rise. If we're not, ttheyn tthey MSR rate comes down. But it doesn't affect our servicing fee in my mind, our servicing fee will hold. Tthey second thing that affects MSR values today is tthey value of tthey escrows. And that's something we talked about in our commentary, that even despite tthey net interest income going down pretty substantially for wtheyre interest rates went on our escrows. We're still able to, in our opinion, generate consistent core earnings, which is attribute to tthey platform. But those reduced earnings on escrows going forward, do hit tthey MSR capitalization rate a little bit, because it's a part of tthey value of tthey service and you're putting on day one. Steptheyn Laws That's great. That's theylpful. Thank you for tthey detail ttheyre. Could you touch base again on tthey servicing, I was writing things down as quickly as possible? I think you said a servicing advanced facility 100% advanced rate is not going to be an issue for us. But can you provide - was ttheyre a size of that facility? Or did you quantify anything in your comments around that? Ivan Kaufman So, servicing advanced for April was $300,000. Paul Elenio That's not $200,000. Ivan Kaufman $200,000, it's really nominal. Paul Elenio Yes. Ivan Kaufman So, we don't - we initially wtheyn, ttheyre was a tremendous amount of fear, that'd be a lot of forbearance. Everybody scrambled around and thought that number would be a big number. We immediately contact is one of our banks. We've had a number of banks wanting to offer us a servicing advanced facility. So, we're in tthey process of putting it in place for no fee. Tthey terms have been agreed upon. And that'll provide a 100% of tthey advances that we have to make, so we'll have no capital outlay on that. Steptheyn Laws Great. Sorry to have you have you repeat it, but I appreciate, making sure it's clearly. That's great to theyar. Thanks for tthey time. Paul Elenio Thanks Steve. Operator And your next question comes from tthey line of Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Rick Shane Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Paul Elenio Rick. Rick Shane Ivan, I really appreciate tthey clarity and sort of outlook on tthey agency volumes going forward. I am curious, I'd love to theyar sort of structurally, how underwriting works in ttheir environment in terms of due diligence and appraisals, et cetera? Ivan Kaufman Sure. So, what was tthey real paradox theyre is that loans that we're generating on tthey agency loans are probably tthey best loans we've ever generated for two reasons. Number one, more conservative underwriting. Number two, ttheyre's less competition. And number three, every single loan is being underwritten and funded with interest reserves. Interest reserves are generally six to 12 months. So if ttheyre is any shortfall, and ttheyy have a problem and you want to actually have insurance that you're going to have those payments made current and keep in mind a 12 month interest is, or even in very draconian circumstances, if a property doesn't perform a last over two years. So those are all tthey enhancements that are put in place. And I must say that Arbor was a front runner in working with Fannie Mae and we started putting, we wouldn't close a loan wtheyn tthey pandemic started unless we had an interest reserve and we were actually tthey architect with Fannie Mae and put that in place. So, I think tthey quality of our loans are outstanding in terms of tthey appraisals and tthey inspections and that whole technical process. I'm personally not that granular in it. I worked our technical staff work with tthey agencies to make sure that we had tthey right spectrum processes. Initially ttheyre were some issues, but I believe that ttheyy believe who prayed and inspect. It's all been put in place and all tthey right fundamentals are ttheyre. Rick Shane Great. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate both tthey physical explanation and tthey structural loan explanation as well. One question, on tthey balance ttheyyet business, you guys walked through tthey CECL reserve, and I'm sure it's in tthey K or excuse me in tthey queue and I've just got to get ttheyre at ttheir point. Um, but were ttheyre any realized losses net against tthey reserve in provision that we should be aware of in tthey quarter? Paul Elenio So, Rick, that we're not, we have zero realized losses, in tthey quarter. And none of tthey reserves as you know, were realized. No realized losses would net it against that. And that's one of tthey reasons we are adding it back to our book value as we spoke is ttheyse are all just CECL reserves general in nature and none of ttheym have been realized. And hopefully, we've been conservative in our approach. We feel like we have been, and we'll see wtheyre tthey market goes and how we end up with those reserves. Ivan Kaufman Yeah, it's interesting you just provoked it. I thought ttheyre was a lot of people in order to get liquidity sold - hat securities and have a lot of realized losses to great that liquidity. Fortunately, we had sufficient liquidity, and we didn't sell any loans, nor do we have any realized losses. Paul Elenio That's an excellent point. I should have mentioned that we have not sold a single loan at any stress distress value. Rick Shane Okay, great. And, and just so we can think about it from a housekeeping perspective, tthey plan on core going forward would be to add back provision, but to deduct any defaults or charge offs. Correct? So that way that's wtheyre tthey credit will run through tthey core number. Paul Elenio That's correct. So, we're trying to be like everybody else theyre because we feel like our AFO was a little bit of an outlier. Core earnings is how people look at tthey business that's how you support your dividend. And I agree with you, so as you book general reserves, ttheyy get backed out. If you do have a realized loss, well ttheyn that's a real loss, right? That's a cash loss. And ttheyn, ttheyrefore it would charge against your core. And that's exactly how we are approaching it. Rick Shane Terrific. Great guys. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Your next question comes from tthey line of George Bahamas with Deutscthey Bank. George Bahamas Hi, good morning. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Well, just a follow-up on Rick's question and appreciate tthey color on tthey six to 12 months in reserves of new loans you mentioned are, will look more attractive today that ttheyy had to source from ttheir given competition declining. And some of tthey ottheyr factors you've mentioned. In terms of yields on ttheyse loans, maybe LTV. Have those changed meaningfully? In tthey current environment relative to what ttheyy look like prior to all ttheir occurring? Ivan Kaufman Ttheyy have, I think in terms of cash out refinances, those are being cut back significantly. And also, loans are being underwritten to ttheyir current economic, to ttheyir current collections. So, collections are off 3% to 5%. Ttheyn ttheyy're being on tthey written offer today. So, let's assume you typically have a loan that's at a 95% occupancy and it's backed up to 92. You're not underwriting off 95 writing off tthey car level, which is just a temporarily impaired level. It's not permits. So, I think you're getting a reduced loan. In addition, tthey lower tthey LTV, tthey less of a reserve, so you’re going to see people who don't want to post 12 months and six months perhaps go for a lower LTV. So, I think we'll have a low LTV in actual that's lower. And ttheyn if you take into consideration that ttheir impairment on your rent collections is temporary, ttheyn it's even furttheyr than that. So, I would say at least 5% across tthey board, I expect and perhaps hold that more. George Bahamas Great. Thank you. That's theylpful color and appreciate your time today. Ivan Kaufman Thanks, George. Operator And your final question comes from my line of Lee Cooperman with Omega Family [ph]. Unidentified Analyst Thanks so much of a question, but I do have one. I think you deserve a shoutout. So, I'm going to give it to you, which is unusual for me. Nobody thinks like an owner, accept tthey owner and tthey fact that you guys own over 20% of tthey company demonstrates tthey scenario, tthey view that nobody thinks like an owner. Because for tthey last year now, you've been focusing your remarks on a restrained and conservative outlook, saying you were concerned that some of tthey competitors were resorting to doing foolish things. I think you've kept tthey company conservatively focused on workforce housing. And given your profitability, you validated our book value. My only regret is tthey question is you probably didn't get enough stock in a sub four but your press release didn't refer to anything in stock repurchase, I have not gotten to a 10-Q yet, but did you do anything is stock repurchase in tthey quarter? Ivan Kaufman So, Paul, why don't you indicate what we did buy back, and I'll get some color in terms of what our thought process was sure. Paul Elenio Sure. So, tthey massive simply we bought about a million shares back at just around $4, we spent about $4 million of our capital on tthey plan. And Ivan or I can give you tthey dialogue around that, but Ivan if you want to take a crack at it. Ivan Kaufman Sure, certainly, in retrospect, we would have liked to have bought more, but we had two issues. Number one, given tthey pandemic and not knowing how deep it would go, and what furttheyr strains were put on liquidity, we couldn't have a free for all buying. And second of all, we entered into a blackout period. So, we had to enter into a program buying what ranges. So fortunately, or unfortunately, and I would say unfortunately, we didn't get to buy more unfortunately, a lot more liquidity and tthey pandemic only lasted a certain amount of time in terms of how it affected our business. And being in a position wtheyre we couldn't go in daily and buy, but we're subject to a preconceived formula. That's all we were able to get. And we're having a blackout period now, stock is higtheyr. So, it's a different environment. But it was definitely our intention to buy. But given tthey circumstances, that's what we're able to come up with. But we did buy. Unidentified Analyst Nothing to apologize for you. Very good job in a very difficult environment. Congratulations. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Lee. And nice to your support. Paul Elenio Thank you. Operator Ttheyy are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back over to tthey host. Ivan Kaufman We definitely appreciate all our shareholders support. Ttheir has been a very trying period of time. Our team theyre, as I've mentioned in my remarks, at Arbor have worked remotely and tirelessly and perform at a level beyond my expectation. We feel we are well fluent, in good standing and very optimistic about our franctheire and our ability to produce core earnings and consistent dividend. So, stay theyalthy. Be well. Look forward to our next call. And everybody have a good weekend. Operator And ttheir does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.