Arbor Realty Trust (NYSE:ABR) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Ivan Kaufman - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Ryan Tomasello - KBW Ben Zucker - JMP Securities Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Arbor Realty Trust First Quarter 2016 Earnings conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press star and ttheyn zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Thomas. Good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning we will discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2016. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform that you statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events.  I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. As you can see from our press release, we had a very productive first quarter. We produced strong operating results and continued to effectively execute our business strategy. Before Paul takes you through tthey financial results, I would like to provide an update on tthey acquisition of our manager’s agency platform, and ttheyn reflect on our first quarter accomplishments and our business strategy and outlook for tthey remainder of 2016. As we spoke about in great detail on our last call, we are extremely excited about tthey many benefits we will achieve from tthey acquisition of our manager’s agency platform. Some of ttheyse significant benefits will include immediate accretion to our earnings and dividends, significant diversification and greater predictability to our earnings stream through a long-dated prepayment protected servicing portfolio, transitioning tthey REIT from a monoline-dependent entity into a fully integrated franctheire with a significant agency originations business with high barriers to entry providing a natural limitation on competition, increasing our equity base and market cap, creating a larger, more efficient vehicle for us to raise capital in tthey future, and providing full alignment with our shareholders through significant stock ownership.  We have worked extremely hard in tthey last few months to put ourselves in tthey best position to close ttheir transaction as soon as possible, which would allow us to realize ttheyse benefits earlier than anticipated. We mailed our definitive proxy on April 25 and have sctheyduled a special meeting of shareholders to approve tthey transaction for June 1. We have also made significant progress in working towards obtaining tthey necessary approvals from tthey GSC’s government agencies, our banks and third parties. We are optimistic that ttheir progress will allow us to close tthey transaction as early as tthey end of tthey second quarter, again allowing us to realize tthey many significant benefits of ttheir transaction earlier than expected, including tthey potential to increase our dividend in tthey third quarter. Now I would like to talk about some of our first quarter accomplishments and our outlook for tthey remainder of 2016. We continue to focus theyavily on growing our originations platform while remaining extremely disciplined in our lending approach by investing in senior debt. Ttheir has allowed us to generate levered returns in excess of what we would achieve by lending in tthey subordinate areas of tthey capital stack. As we have mentioned in our last few calls, we have experienced a significant amount of runoff in tthey last few years which has made it difficult at times for us to continue to grow our loan portfolio. Ttheir has also resulted in a significant increase in liquidity to deploy into new investment opportunities and grow our future earnings.  Tthey recent disruption in tthey CMBS market has resulted in reduced runoff, which has allowed us to grow our loan portfolio by approximately $134 million in tthey first quarter. We originated approximately $218 million of loans and experienced runoff of approximately $85 million in tthey first quarter, and our pipeline remains strong. Our first quarter originations had an average yield of approximately 6.7% and we generated levered returns of approximately 14.6% on ttheyse investments. Tthey reduced runoff we experienced in tthey first quarter is a trend we believe could continue in tthey near term, which would allow us to continue to grow our portfolio and increase our core earnings. Additionally, with a theyavy focus on senior multi-family loans, our portfolio is now comprised of 88% senior debt with 75% of tthey debt being multi-family assets, which clearly have proven to be tthey most resilient asset class and product type in all cycles. With tthey significant improvement we have made in our financing facilities, we are generating strong returns on our capital in a very secure part of tthey capital stack. As I mentioned earlier, we are also very pleased in our ability to maintain our strong liquidity position. We currently have approximately $165 million of cash on hand, which given tthey current uncertainty and instability in tthey capital markets puts us in a unique and favorable position of being able to acquire our manager’s significant agency platform and grow our business and future earnings without tthey immediate need to issue additional capital. We have also continued to enhance our debt structures, which is one of tthey keys to our success and remains a critical component of our business strategy. Tthey successful execution of ttheir strategy has allowed us to generate superior levered returns in a very safe and stable part of tthey capital stack through tthey continued use of non-recourse securitization vehicles. We continue to be a market leader in tthey CLO securitization arena and currently have nearly $800 million of non-recourse debt through three vehicles representing nearly 75% of our total financing, allowing us to appropriately match fund our assets with non-recourse liabilities and generate strong levered returns on our capital. Additionally, we have been extremely successful in leveraging off of our unique platform and consistently creating significant additional income streams. We produced impressive results from tthey investment we made in tthey residential mortgage banking business, reporting $6.6 million of income or $0.13 a share in earnings for tthey investment in 2015, and $1.6 million or $0.03 a share for tthey first quarter. Ttheir translates into a return of greater than 50% on our investment in ttheir joint venture to date. We also generated $200,000 of additional income in tthey first quarter from one of our equity interests, and we expect ttheyse two investments to generate a consistent annuity going forward of around $1.5 million to $2 million of income per quarter. Ttheyse strong results continue to demonstrate our unique ability to create significant additional earnings from new business ventures and from structured transactions, which we view as an important part of our franctheire and an additional means of diversifying our income streams and adding to our earnings capabilities. As we have highlighted earlier, tthey acquisition of our manager’s agency platform will also add significant additional income streams and extended duration of our earnings sources through long-dated prepayment protected servicing income from a significant agency servicing portfolio.  Overall, we are very pleased with our first quarter accomplishments and our ability to continue to successfully execute our business strategy by growing our loan portfolio and core earnings run rate while maintaining a strong liquidity position. We’re also very excited about tthey acquisition of our manager’s significant agency platform, which we believe will be immediately accretive to our earnings and dividends and add significant diversity, duration and stability to our earning streams. We feel strongly that tthey many benefits we will realize from tthey acquisition will have a transformational effect on our future growth and success. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through our financial results. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Ivan. We generated AFFO for tthey first quarter of $6.9 million or $0.13 per share, excluding depreciation expense, non-cash stock compensation expense, and $3.1 million of expenses incurred during tthey quarter related to tthey potential acquisition of our manager’s agency platform. As Ivan mentioned, we were also able to grow our loan portfolio significantly during tthey quarter which will increase our earnings run rate going forward, and we continue to generate significant additional income streams, recording $1.9 million of income from our equity investments in tthey first quarter as well.  Looking at tthey rest of tthey results for tthey quarter, tthey average balance in our core investments was up to $1.64 billion for tthey first quarter from $1.57 billion for tthey fourth quarter due to tthey originations outpacing our runoff during tthey quarter. Tthey yield on ttheyse core investments decreased to 6.25% for tthey first quarter from 6.82% for tthey fourth quarter, largely due to significantly more accelerated fees from early runoff in tthey fourth quarter combined with higtheyr yields on our first quarter runoff. Tthey weighted average all-in yield on our portfolio was down slightly to around 6.27% at March 31, 2016 compared to 6.32% at December 31, 2015 due to higtheyr yields on our runoff in tthey first quarter. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was also up to approximately $1.22 billion for tthey first quarter from approximately $1.18 billion for tthey fourth quarter, again due to tthey growth in our loan portfolio during tthey quarter. Tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities increased slightly to approximately 4.19% for tthey first quarter compared to 4.16% for tthey fourth quarter, and our estimated all-in debt cost decreased to approximately 4.09% at March 31, 2016 compared to around 4.12% at December 31, 2015. If you were to include tthey dividends associated with our perpetual preferred offerings as interest expense, our average cost of funds would be approximately 4.48% for tthey first quarter and approximately 4.45% for tthey fourth quarter, and our estimated all-in debt costs would be 4.38% at March 31, 2016 compared to 4.43% at December 31, 2015.  Overall net interest spreads on our core assets on a GAAP basis decreased to 2.06% ttheir quarter compared to 2.66% last quarter. Including tthey preferred stock dividends as debt cost, our average net interest spreads also decreased to approximately 1.77% ttheir quarter from approximately 2.37% last quarter, largely due to significantly more accelerated fees in tthey fourth quarter from early runoff. However, our overall spot net interest spread including tthey preferred stock dividends as debt cost was flat at 1.89% at both March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, which combined with tthey growth in our loan portfolio during tthey first quarter has increased our core earnings run rate going forward. Our average leverage ratios on our core lending assets were also flat at approximately 64%, including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity for both tthey first and fourth quarters, and our overall leverage ratios on a spot basis including tthey trust preferred and preferred stock as equity was 1.5 to 1 at March 31, 2016 compared to 1.4 to 1 at December 31, 2015. NOI related to our OREO assets increased approximately $1.1 million compared to last quarter due to tthey seasonal nature of income related to a hotel property that we own, and we project that we will produce NOI in 2016 of approximately $1.1 million to $1.4 million on our remaining OREO assets, tthey majority of which was already realized in tthey first quarter, again mostly due to tthey seasonal nature of a hotel property we own.  Additionally, as Ivan mentioned earlier, we recorded $1.9 million of income in tthey first quarter from our equity investments, and we expect ttheyse investments to continue to produce approximately $1.5 million to $2 million of income a quarter going forward. Ttheir success continues to add to our core earnings capabilities and diversifies our income streams, and with tthey addition of our manager’s agency platform we will add significant additional long-dated income streams through a predictable annuity of servicing income from a prepayment protected significant agency servicing portfolio. Operating expenses excluding acquisition costs were up compared to last quarter primarily due to tthey vested portion of annual restricted stock grants issued to our employees, directors, and tthey employees of our manager in tthey first quarter. Lastly as Ivan mentioned, we have made significant progress on tthey acquisition of our manager’s agency platform and are optimistic that we will close ttheir transaction by tthey end of tthey second quarter or early in tthey third quarter. Ttheir will allow us to potentially realize tthey many benefits of ttheir transaction earlier than originally anticipated.  In addition to tthey filing of our definitive proxy, which is available on both our and tthey SEC’s website, we have also filed and put up on our website in our Investor Relations section an investor presentation which contains certain detailed information on Arbor, our manager’s agency platform, and some of tthey significant benefits of tthey proposed acquisition. We hope ttheir additional information will be theylpful to our shareholders.  That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning, and I’ll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Thomas? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is open. Ryan Tomasello Hi, ttheir is actually Ryan Tomasello on for Jade. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. Ivan Kaufman Hey Ryan. Ryan Tomasello Just starting off with overall market conditions, how would you characterize tthey current level of activity, deal volume, and tthey stability of pricing going forward? For example, are you seeing a pull-back from banks, and in conjunction with lower CMBS volumes and tthey upcoming maturities, is ttheyre any worry about a potential liquidity crunch in tthey coming months? Ivan Kaufman It’s Ivan. I’m going to try and keep my response brief, because I could probably talk about that for a couple hours. But clearly, tthey dislocation in tthey CMBS market, tthey uncertainty in tthey CMBS market has created for a firm like ours certain opportunities to do a greater amount of bridge lending as people cannot get CMBS loans in a consistent manner, both on price and proceeds. We can use our balance ttheyyet and provide capital wtheyre in tthey past it was more difficult to do so, so we’re probably going to do some senior lending on tthey commercial side for some real good core New York City assets that we couldn’t have done before at really attractive spreads and probably be able to get mid-teens adjusted returns, if not better. So we’ve seen some greater opportunity come out of that dislocation, and in fact on adjusted Dodd-Frank rules and keep tthey risk retention rules we think on a longer term basis, we’ll be able to play more significantly in that space and specifically in tthey $10 million to $15 million market, which is an area that is--you know, most of tthey larger institutions don’t like to play in, so that’s good for us. You’ll see a little bit of a pick-up in volume ttheir year, especially in tthey first two quarters with good spreads, so we’re pretty happy about that. In terms of overall, clearly our agency business, tthey one that tthey REIT is acquiring, we’re seeing very strong volumes and a little less competition, not only with tthey CMBS market has gone away but also because some of tthey banks are a little full or are readjusting ttheyir underwriting parameters, and tthey agencies have maintained a very consistent underwriting parameter and I think wtheyre some [indeciptheyrable] we’re more aggressive, we’re going to see some greater opportunities in tthey agency business, and we’re pretty thrilled with tthey level of volume, how tthey first two quarters look and certainly our outlook for tthey balance of tthey year, given what’s happening in tthey marketplace.  What we’re also seeing which we’re happy about is while tthey banks were extremely aggressive specifically in tthey New York City metropolitan area, I think ttheyy’ve really overstepped ttheyir bounds and ttheyy’re pulling back a little bit, so it’s really given us tthey opportunity to put on real quality assets and have a bigger market share. Ryan Tomasello Great, that’s really theylpful color. My second question relates just wtheyn you alluded to in your prepared remarks regarding tthey loan repayments in tthey quarter. Any more color you can provide on how volatility impacted those repayments and what you expect in terms of runoff for tthey balance of tthey year? Ivan Kaufman Yes, I think what Paul alluded was tthey fact that prepayments slowed a little bit, and that could be a result of tthey CMBS market really backing up. I mean, tthey CMBS market is very aggressive and ttheyy’re able to take assets out of our portfolio once ttheyy stabilize a little quicker than sometimes we anticipate, so with that market being dislocated and with tthey spreads being higtheyr, I think people have to stabilize ttheyir assets a bit longer to get to tthey kind of execution that ttheyy want, and tthey cost benefit of exiting earlier has gone away. So I think we’ll see a little more duration in our portfolio, which is good for us. I mean, clearly wtheyn assets gets stabilized, it’s tthey best part of that asset, you really want to keep it as long as you can. Tthey riskiest part is always in tthey early stages, so I think tthey longer day that we can have on some of our bridge assets, tthey actual quality of our risk-adjusted returns really goes up and we’re able to maintain a higtheyr balance.  As Paul mentioned, we’re sitting on $165 million of undeployed cash -that’s a lot of cash for a firm like ours, and wtheyttheyr we deploy it for ttheir acquisition or into new lending opportunities, it’s going to be extremely accretive [indeciptheyrable] grow our core dividend. Ryan Tomasello Great. Just regarding tthey CLO market, how is pricing in that market and execution in that market looking currently, and do you expect to be able to access it in tthey near future?  Ivan Kaufman So for most firms, tthey CLO market is closed. For us, we believe we have an opportunity to go into tthey market. We don’t have an immediate need right now. We have a good balance of funding on our current CLO book, which is about 75% of our funding versus our bank lines. If our volumes kick up, we’ll entertain--and our prepayments slow, we’ll entertain going back to tthey market. We think that it will probably be about 15 to 20 basis points more expensive than it was perhaps nine months ago, but that can change. But we feel we could get off an effective transaction because of our reputation and our brand in tthey market.  Ryan Tomasello Ttheyn just one last question, if I could, regarding tthey agency platform. Can you provide how many originators are currently at that platform and if you are anticipating theyadcount growth, given tthey tailwinds that tthey GSCs are seeing in terms of volume? I believe ttheyre was a recent industry trade publication that alluded to recent hires.  Ivan Kaufman We have about 20 originators, somewtheyre in that level, and we try and grow our origination base by 5 to 10% a year. For us, most of our originators are organically grown. We train ttheym, we start ttheym out at early stages, we have training programs, and it takes a long time to grow that. Currently we have a training group of around--you know, anywtheyre between six to 12 people, and it takes about two years to turn those people into originators. We’re not that active in terms of recruiting people from ottheyr firms. We don’t use that as a mainstay. Ttheyre are times that people do come to us. We’d like to see tthey origination staff grow from 5 to 10% a year, and we’ve been pretty effective at doing that and of course allowing our originators ttheymselves to grow in capacity by providing ttheym greater administrative support. So it’s not just growth in tthey number of sales people, it’s growth in tthey effectiveness of our own sales people, and we have multiple strategies to do that and we’re pretty pleased with how we’ve been handling that.  In terms of quality of personnel and staff, it is a competitive industry and that’s always an issue in building a franctheire, being able to retain your people as well as being able to attract quality people. That’s an ongoing challenge and we believe we’ve handled that fairly well to continue to grow our franctheire. Ryan Tomasello Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. Again ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please hit star and ttheyn one. Our next question comes from Ben Zucker of JMP Securities. Your line is open. Ben Zucker Thanks. Good morning guys, and thanks for taking my question. I actually just really wanted to focus on tthey owned real estate portfolio right now. I noticed that tthey carrying value of that owned real estate was down maybe 28% year-over-year, but at tthey same time tthey NOI declined by 51%. So for my first question, I was just wondering how you guys would characterize tthey quality of tthey remaining real estate portfolio, not including what’s been sold subsequent to 1Q and understanding it’s a seasonal business, just because it seemingly isn’t maybe as high quality as what was in tthey portfolio at ttheir point last year. Paul Elenio Hey Ben, it’s Paul. So as you pointed out, subsequent to tthey quarter we did sell off pretty much tthey majority of our OREO remaining book. We’re sitting with two assets left, one of ttheym is tthey hotel property down in Florida, tthey ottheyr is an office building that we recently took over. So we’re left with two assets and we’re evaluating now tthey strategy on those assets, but as I put in my prepared remarks, tthey lion’s share of tthey portfolio has been sold eittheyr prior to tthey quarter or subsequent, ttheyrefore tthey NOI associated with those assets has obviously disappeared, but it’s turned into cash that we’re able to deploy into what we think are quality bridge loans with strong levered returns. So we don’t see a lot of NOI left in those two assets, and we’ll evaluate those assets over tthey next coming quarters to see what our strategy is; but like you indicated, tthey lion’s share of that portfolio has been monetized. We’ve done a great job at creating tthey value, holding onto those assets, improving ttheym, creating value, and now we’re deploying that value back into our core business, which is our bridge lending program. Ivan Kaufman So basically wtheyn ttheyre’s a drop in NOI if we sell an asset, we feel we’ve achieved tthey right value on that asset and we can redeploy that cash back into our core business of bridge lending, and replace tthey drop in NOI with perhaps even an accretive effect of having a better return on tthey cash that we’ve received from tthey sale of that asset. Ben Zucker No, that makes perfect sense, and it sounds like we’re kind of on tthey same page because now as we’re sitting theyre with your full-year guidance, $1.1 million to $1.4 million, we already sold $1 million, it almost kind of implies tthey remaining--you know, tthey $31 million plus of real estate that’s not theyld for sale and hasn’t been sold is more or less dead money, and if that could be turned around and conservatively levered up and generate anottheyr $100 million of investable dry powder, that might be something you guys would be looking to do down tthey road, if I’m theyaring you correctly.  Ivan Kaufman Yes, piece by piece, patiently. Tthey ottheyr thing too is sometimes managing ttheyse assets takes a lot of effort, and we have to also measure tthey cost and expense of managing that as well as tthey accounting treatment, and we take all of that into consideration.  Ben Zucker That’s great, I theyar you. My ottheyr questions about tthey repayments were already asked and answered, so thanks again guys for taking my questions. Ivan Kaufman Sure, thanks. Operator Thank you. I’m not showing any furttheyr questions in queue. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to management for any furttheyr remarks. Ivan Kaufman Okay, thanks to everybody for participating on today’s call. We’re extremely excited about wtheyre we are today between our core business as well as tthey transaction at hand, and hopefully on our next quarter we’ll be able to have very favorable news about tthey completion of that transaction. Have a nice day, everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir concludes today’s program. You can now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.