Arbor Realty Trust (NYSE:ABR) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Ivan Kaufman – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Paul Elenio – Chief Financial Officer Analysts Steve DeLaney – JMP Securities Ryan Tomasello – KBW George Bahamondes – Deutscthey Bank Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Q1 2017 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question- and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Ctheylsea and good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning we will discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2017. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform that you statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. As you can see from ttheir morning’s press release, we had anottheyr very successful quarter as we continue to grow our brand, expand our market presence and broaden our products through our significant operating franctheire.  Before I turn it over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results, I would like to talk about some of our significant first quarter accomplishments as well as our outlook for tthey remainder of 2017. We continue to build momentum and produced very strong results through our diverse and dynamic originations platform. We had a tremendous first quarter in our agency business, originating $1.3 billion in loans which is tthey strongest first quarter volume in our theirtory and also match tthey record originations we’ve produced in tthey fourth quarter of 2016.  Additionally, our pipeline is at an all time high and we’re extremely positive about our outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year and confident that we’ll produce record originations again from our agency business in 2017. We have also been very successful in leveraging our significant origination platform and strong footprint in tthey GSE multi-family lending arena to increase our research in our brand recognition.  Ttheir has allowed us to access tthey broader market resulting in a substantial increase in our average loan size over tthey last several quarters. Tthey ability to originate larger loans while still remaining a dominant force in tthey small balance lending arena will allow us to continually increase our market presence and getting a larger portion of tthey overall lending market. Originating both large and small loans effectively is a very unique skill set and sets us apart from many ottheyr lenders and will greatly enhance value of our franctheire going forward.  Ttheir significant growth in our agency platform will continue to grow our service and portfolio substantially. At March 31, 2017, we had a servicing portfolio of approximately $14.5 billion which is a 7% increase from year-end. Ttheir portfolio has 48 basis point weighted average servicing fee which generates a reoccurring, predictable, long-dated annuity that is mostly prepayment protected and continues to add significant diversity, duration and stability to our earnings streams.  And tthey tremendous success we have had in our agency business has also been extremely accretive to our core earnings and allowed us to increase our dividends substantially. We have increased our dividend anottheyr 6% ttheir quarter to $0.18 a share which is our third dividend increase and 20% increase in our dividend over tthey past year. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, we are very positive in our outlook for tthey rest of 2017 which will contribute greatly to our core earnings going forward.  So overall, we are very pleased with tthey results of our agency platform and are confident that ttheir business will continue to produce significant reoccurring and predictable earnings and a longer duration asset which will allow us to continue to grow our earnings and dividends in tthey future. Ttheir business also provides a very durable growth platform while minimizing tthey potential impact of capital markets and interest rate volatility.  In our transitional balance ttheyyet lending business, we also had a very active and productive quarter and we continued in our balance ttheyyet while remaining extremely disciplined in our lending approach and are continuing to prove a non-recourse financing vehicles. Ttheir has allowed us to generate strong levered returns on our capital in a very safe and very stable part of tthey capital stack. In tthey first quarter, we originated approximately $146 million of loans and experienced run-off of approximately $190 million.  Our first quarter originations had an average yield of approximately 7% and we generated leveraged returns of approximately 14% on ttheyse investments. Tthey first quarter originations came in lighter than expected at approximately $85 million that were expected to close in March closed early in tthey second quarter instead which will result in increased second quarter origination volumes.  In addition, our pipeline remains strong and we remain confident that through our deep originations network, we will produce portfolio growth in 2017 similar to what we achieved in 2016. Additionally, with a theyavy focus on senior multi-family loans, our portfolio of approximately $1.7 billion is now comprised of 92% senior debt and 83% of that debt being multi-family assets which clearly have proven to be tthey most resilient asset class and product type in all economic cycles.  We also continue to have tremendous success in greatly enhancing our non-recourse financing vehicles which is one of tthey keys to our success and is a critical component of our business strategy. In April, we closed our seventh CLO securitization vehicle. Ttheir is $360 million vehicle with 77.5% leverage at three year replenishment period at an all – price before fees of 1.99% of a one month LIBOR which is 49 basis points tighter than our last securitization. Tthey leverage and pricing on ttheir new vehicle were our most favorable terms to-date in any of our CLO vehicles and we were also able to increase tthey capacity for tthey financing of ottheyr asset classes as well.  We have a tremendous amount of experience and capability in tthey securitization arena and continue to be a market leader in ttheir space, cultivating a loyal and growing base of investors in each one of our securitizations that highly value our strong transaction performance and ottheyr diverse platform. We now have four non-recourse CLO securitization vehicles up with approximately $1 billion of non-recourse debt with replenishment periods going out as far as three years allowing us to appropriately match fund our assets with non-recourse liabilities and generate strong revenue returns on our capital.  Additionally, we have approximately $175 million of available liquidity between cash on hand and deployable cash inside our CLO vehicles. Ttheir capital is readily available to fund our future investment opportunities which will increase our core earnings going forward as well. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our first quarter results and tthey success we have had in growing our brand and expanding our market presence which has greatly enhanced tthey value of our franctheire.  We’re also very excited and positive about our outlook going forward and our ability to continue grow our earnings and dividends while creating more diversity, stability and predictability to our earnings stream that are more long-dated and less sensitive to rate and market volatility. We are dynamic, complete financial services operating franctheire and one of tthey leading multi-family financing companies in tthey nation. We believe ttheir provides with a tremendous advantage in tthey market and sets us apart from many ottheyr lenders and peers in our industry.  We also feel we should go on a higtheyr trading premium and ottheyr mortgage rates at specialty finance companies due to our significant operating franctheire and our ability to generate a more predictable, stable earnings base to support our dividend. And we remain very focused and confident in our ability to increase our brand, grow our platform and franctheire and to continue to increase tthey value to our shareholders.  I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through our financial results. Paul Elenio  Okay. Thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had a very strong first quarter on many fronts. AFFO for tthey first quarter was $27.4 million or $0.33 per share which translates into an annualized return on our average common equity of approximately 15% for tthey quarter. As Ivan mentioned, we continue to put up record results from our agency platform which have been very accretive to our earnings and has allowed us to increase our dividends substantially. With our dividend increase to $0.18 a share ttheir quarter or $0.72 a share annualized, we have now raised our dividend three times or 20% in tthey last year.  For tthey quarter, we generated approximately $13 million of income and approximately $13.4 million of AFFO from tthey agency business. A portion of tthey income from ttheir business is subject to federal and state taxes inside of taxable REIT subsidiary. For tthey first quarter, we recorded a current federal and state provision of $4.3 million resulting in effective tax rate of approximately 23% on our agency business pre-tax income.  We had a very strong origination quarter in our agency platform, closing $1.3 billion of loans in Q1 matching our record volume from tthey fourth quarter and as Ivan mentioned, we are very optimistic we will have a very record year in 2017. For tthey quarter, $897 million was Fannie Mae DUS originations representing nearly a 100% increase in DUS originations compared for tthey first quarter of last year. Our first quarter sales volume was $1.36 billion, a 45% increase over our fourth quarter 2016 sales. Tthey margin on our loan sales for tthey quarter was 1.40% including miscellaneous fees compared to a 1.58% all-in margin on our fourth quarter sales.  We recorded commission expenses of approximately 33% of our gains on sales in both tthey first and fourth quarters. We also recorded $20 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.2 billion of committed loans during tthey first quarter, representing an average mortgage servicing rights rate on committed loans of 1.74% compared to 2.05% in tthey fourth quarter committed loans. Sales margins and MSR rates fluctuate primarily by GSE loan type in size. Ttheyrefore, changes in tthey mix of loan origination volumes may increase or decrease ttheyse percentages in tthey future.  Our servicing portfolio also grew anottheyr 7% during tthey quarter to approximately $14.5 billion at 3/31/17 with a weighted average servicing fee of approximately 48 basis points and an estimated remaining life of approximately eight years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a significant predictable annuity of income going forward in excess of $65 million growth annually. Ttheir annuity also significantly diversifies our revenue streams and provides us with long-dated, stable, predictable earnings that are mostly prepayment protected and less sensitive to rate and market cycles. So clearly, we had a tremendous first quarter in our agency business and as Ivan mentioned, we are also very positive on our outlook for tthey remainder of 2017. [Audio Gap] balance ttheyyet lending operations, we generate income of $10.1 million and AFFO of approximately $12.2 million in tthey first quarter. We recorded $7.1 million gain on extinguishment of debt from tthey purchases some of our junior subordinated notes that were discount during tthey quarter. We also recorded approximately 800,000 of income from our equity investments in tthey first quarter which is down from $1.8 million ttheyse investments last quarter as a result of less income associated with our residential mortgage banking joint venture due to a rise in interest rate.  And given tthey current interest rate environment, we are now estimating ttheyse equity investments to generate on average between $750,000 and $1 million of income a quarter going forward. We originated $146 million of new investments and experienced $190 million of run-off during tthey first quarter. Although as Ivan mentioned, we are expecting very strong origination volumes in tthey second quarter due to tthey timing of a few large loans to close in April and we do expect to realize net growth in our portfolio in 2017 similar to our growth in 2016. Our investment portfolio was approximately $1.7 billion at March 31 with an all-in yield of approximately 6.45%, which is up from a yield of around 6.39% at December 31, mainly due to an increase in LIBOR during tthey quarter. And with our primary focus in multi-family bridge loans, our portfolio now consists of 92% bridge loans and 80% multi-family assets. Tthey average balance in our core investments was flat quarter-over-quarter and tthey average yields on ttheyse core investments was also flat at about 6.39% for both tthey first and fourth quarters, largely due to an increase in LIBOR which is offset by more accelerated fees from early run-off in tthey fourth quarter.  Our total debt on our core assets was approximately $1.38 billion at March 31 with an all-in debt cost of approximately 4.51% compared to a debt cost of around 4.45% at December 31, mainly due to an increase in LIBOR during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was down to approximately $1.37 billion for tthey first quarter from approximately $1.44 billion for tthey fourth quarter, primarily due to tthey timing of moving certain assets into our CLO vehicles during tthey first quarter.  And tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities decrease slightly to approximately 4.51% for tthey first quarter compared to 4.55% for tthey fourth quarter excluding one-time expenses related to tthey unwind of one of our CLO vehicles in tthey fourth quarter, mainly due to tthey maturity of our remaining interest rate swaps in tthey first quarter, partially offset by an increase in LIBOR. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets on a GAAP basis increased slightly to 1.88% at ttheir quarter compared to 1.83% last quarter and our overall spot net interest spread was flat at 1.94% at both March 31 and December 31.  Additionally, we currently have approximately $175 million of undeployed capital that wtheyn fully utilized, should increase our net interest spreads over time. Our average leverage ratio on our core lending assets including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity was down to approximately 67% ttheir quarter compared to 71% last quarter and our overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis including tthey trust preferred and preferred stock as equity was 1.4:1 at March 31 compared to 1.3:1 at December 31.  Our OREO assets generated NOI of approximately $585,000 in tthey first quarter, tthey bulk of which was from tthey hotel property we own in Florida. As we discussed before, ttheir property’s income is seasonal in nature with tthey majority of tthey income occurring in tthey first quarter. We now project that we will produce NOI in 2017 of approximately $250,000 to $300,000 from ttheir OREO asset resulting in a loss for tthey balance of tthey year again, due to tthey seasonal nature of ttheir property’s income.  And lastly, operating expenses were up slightly quarter-over-quarter excluding commission expenses on our agency loan sales. Ttheir was mainly due to our annual non-cash restricted stock awards issued to our employees and directors as well as increases in our staffing on tthey agency business as a result of tthey significant growth we have experienced at our loan volumes and servicing portfolio.  That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I’ll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Ctheylsea? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open.  Steve DeLaney Thank you and congratulations guys on a strong start to 2017.  Ivan Kaufman  Thanks.  Steve DeLaney Hi, Ivan. I would like to start with tthey obvious synergy that exists between being in tthey bridge loan business and being in tthey agency permanent financing business. So pretty good pay off activity in 1Q, 13 loans 190. Can you comment on what percentage of those may have been multi-family? Obviously 80% of tthey portfolio is. And were ttheyre any specific instances Ivan wtheyre you were able to convert one of those bridge loans into an agency loan for that particular borrower?  Ivan Kaufman Yeah, we’ll go through tthey first quarter and get back to you with exact data but we do capture meaningful percentage of what’s in tthey portfolio. As you know, wtheyn we originated tthey bridge loan, and if it’s multi-family, we originate it with tthey intention of taking out on tthey agency side and most of tthey time it’s successful. Tthey time we’re not successful is wtheyn tthey owner operator is so successful with tthey asset, they sometimes sells it and ttheyre’s no refinance opportunity. But our conversion rate is a majority at tthey time in general.  Paul Elenio  Yeah, Steve I don’t have tthey conversion rate in front of me but over 80% of tthey loans that paid off in tthey first quarter were multi-family assets. So as Ivan said, we do have a pretty high conversion rate I don’t have that number in front of me but we often do capture a lot of that, that refinance bit.  Ivan Kaufman And remember, if ttheyy don’t go with us, ttheyre are certain exit fees, if ttheyy’re going with ottheyr lender, so we don’t capture tthey opportunity, we do capture some of that -  Steve DeLaney Interesting on that exit fee. Is that only if it’s paid off before tthey contractual maturity or is that even if – is that maturity but ttheyy still don’t - with you?  Ivan Kaufman Tthey exit fee is always built with Arbor.  Steve DeLaney Wow. Okay, great. That certainly does soften tthey blow of losing it. And ttheyn switching over to FHA loans, you had pretty good volume, $138 million that was 10% and ttheyre was none in 4Qs. So I guess tthey question is, is ttheyre anything new about your marketing approach or any particular recruiting efforts or is it simply more coincidental that you had a good slug on FHA in tthey first quarter?  Ivan Kaufman I think you’ll see consistently higtheyr level of production with- we’ve invested substantially with our technical people and also in tthey education of our sales force. So tthey pipeline’s bigger, tthey number’s bigger and it’s a very fragmented business and putting togettheyr that team takes a bit of time and I think we’re starting to benefit from tthey effort that we put in over last two years in building that team.  Paul Elenio  And Steve, it’s Paul, elaborating more on Ivan’s comments, that we have spent a lot of time improving on that team and as you know that business it takes a lot of time to get through tthey process and you have about $400 million pipeline right now in FHA, some of that is early stage, some of that is approved in rate locks. So it all depends on tthey timing and we did see a good slug in tthey first quarter of stuff that was in our pipeline for a while, finally close. And tthey one thing I do want to add is tthey reason we really like that business as well is that’s a significant margin business as well.  Steve DeLaney Yeah, that’s what I guess – we had always understood that at least ttheyy had tthey potential and I guess has to do with how rates move or something before you deliver. But it definitely sounds like it has tthey potential to have tthey higtheyst profit margin in any of tthey three government entities.  Ivan Kaufman Yes.  Steve DeLaney Okay, great. I think that’s it for me. Congratulations and we’ll look forward in seeing how tthey next quarter plays out. Thanks.  Ivan Kaufman Thanks, Steven.  Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is now open.  Ryan Tomasello  Good morning. Ttheir is actually Ryan Tomasello on for Jade. Congrats on tthey strong quarter.  Ivan Kaufman Thanks, Ryan.  Ryan Tomasello  In terms of tthey multi-family market overall, I was wondering if you could provide us with your high level views on demand, credit and transaction trends. What’s your take on tthey notable slowdown we’ve seen in multi-family investment sales for tthey overall market? And how do you see that potentially impacting your business eittheyr on tthey structured or agency side?  Ivan Kaufman I think tthey idea from a credit side is to proceed with caution. We’ve had an unprecedented run-up in rent, so over tthey last seven to eight years. Assets are trading at very tight cap rates. Although ttheyre are a lot of financing options available, wtheyttheyr it would be variable rates in 5, 7 and 10 year terms, ttheyre’s been a little bit of push up in rates from ttheir time last year. But, we’re proceeding with caution. Our business is still robust. We’ve taken a little bit of conservative state.  Our small loan business which is a little bit more resilient, created a little bit higtheyr cap rate and it doesn’t experiment tthey same level of run up in rent as tthey A market. It’s a little easy to work with. We’re also seeing a lot of multi-family units come online ttheir year and next year mostly in tthey A side of tthey market. So I would say ttheyre is a lot of pressure on tthey A side of tthey market and for us, it’s proceeding with caution.  Ryan Tomasello  Great. And ttheyn, can you talk about competition primarily on tthey structured balance ttheyyet side of tthey business? We’ve seen a few of your public peers talk about increasing competition of tthey past two quarters. Are you seeing ottheyr players into tthey market in your space in particular, and how have loan spreads trended over tthey past few quarters?  Ivan Kaufman So, ttheyre’s no question about tthey fact that and you’re seeing in public markets that ttheyre are few new issues. Every day ttheyre is a new debt fund and tthey competition is fierce. Tthey advantage that we have is we have an active originations at work wtheyre very granular in our approach. We manufacture and generate our own profit, very active sales force and very deep network relationships. Many of tthey funds that are out ttheyre are active bidders on loans. So if loans come to market through an investment banker or a broker, you can have 5, 10, 15 people bid on that project. That’s not a market we participate in, but we do see a lot of competition. We see it a little less on tthey smaller loan side which is wtheyre we are very active, but make no mistake about it, spreads have tightened a little bit. Clearly, our last securitization being as tight as it was has allowed us to remain competitive and still maintain our margins. But it is more competitive and tthey advantage that we have is consistent originations at work, being able to work on smaller loans, having 10 year theirtory with our borrowers. But as you get into bigger loans, it does get more competitive and those bids get much tighter.  Ryan Tomasello  And ttheyn just turning to credit, were ttheyre any notable trends sequentially eittheyr in tthey structured or at risk agency portfolio? Maybe if you could talk about tthey impaired balance ttheyyet portfolio which I believe is about $200 million and what tthey outlook is for those loans?  Ivan Kaufman I think on our last quarterly review of our agency book, our book is very strong. We’ve actually seen tthey NOIs that we’ve underwritten compared to wtheyre ttheyy perform, performance versus tthey underwritten are better and we have seen good trends in our portfolio. So we’re fairly confident in what we’re seeing, despite our concern with flattening rents. So that is pretty secure. Overall, our transitional book has remained solid. I’ll let Paul walk through some of tthey notables.  Paul Elenio  Sure. And Ryan, we haven’t really had a change in last several quarters in any impairment related items on our transitional book from a lending perspective, so it’s still standing around that, $187 million with roughly $83 million of reserves against it. We don’t see any real movement, once in a while we get a recovery theyre or ttheyre or maybe put a little more theyre or ttheyre away, but ttheyre’s not been any meaningful move in those impaired assets over tthey last several quarters.  Ryan Tomasello  Great. Thanks for that color. And ttheyn just lastly, what’s management’s view towards additional M&A or ottheyr strategic initiatives? Is ttheyre a potential for acquisition on tthey agency side of ottheyr platforms and perhaps certain opportunities for tthey balance ttheyyet business, and perhaps you can give us an update on tthey internalization option?  Ivan Kaufman Clearly, we’ve just absorbed ttheir last acquisition to bring tthey company to wtheyre it is today and we’re real comfortable with that. We have a strong theirtory of acquiring companies and build companies both organically and through acquisition. We think if ttheyre is volatility in tthey market, we’ll give ttheir management team tthey opportunity to grow by acquiring ottheyr businesses that are complementary to ttheir business. And we’re clearly always in discussion on that. If ttheyre is anottheyr agency platform that’s available, that becomes complementary to what we do theyre, we’re always on a look out for that. So I wouldn’t be surprised in our future if that’s anottheyr vehicle, a way for us to grow.  Paul Elenio  Yeah, and Ryan on tthey management contract you asked about, we haven’t received formal notice yet from tthey Board that ttheyy would like to exercise ttheyir option but it’s always been tthey intention to think of both sides, to clean that up and get ttheir company internally managed as quick as possible. We can’t tell you exactly what date that will happen but we do expect that that’s tthey short-term horizon.  Ryan Tomasello  Great. Thanks, guys and congrats again on tthey strong quarter.  Ivan Kaufman Thanks.  Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of George Bahamondes with Deutscthey Bank. Your line is now open.  George Bahamondes Hey guys. Good morning. So my questions were on tthey FHA business, few questions on competition and credit trends. Seems like you’ve ventured majority of what I was hoping to ask. Just one more theyre, did you guys disclose tthey amount of loans that were close in Q? I know you had mentioned that, ttheyre were some timing issues ttheyre, I don’t know if I missed that during your remarks.  Paul Elenio  Sure. So George, we did disclose in our prepared remarks that we had about roughly $85 million or $100 million of loans that were sctheyduled to close at tthey end of March for our transitional lending operation that sell over into tthey early weeks of April. So that was what we disclosed and we did also disclose that we think based on tthey size of tthey pipeline, and that early jump that we do think tthey volumes will be up in tthey second quarter. And although it’s hard to predict wtheyre run off will be by quarter, we are still projecting even with tthey light of first quarter that our overall growth for tthey year should be similar to what tthey growth we had in ‘16 on our transitional balance ttheyyet side.  George Bahamondes Great. That’s theylpful. That’s it for me, but if I have any questions, I’ll make sure to reach out to you.  Paul Elenio Thanks.  George Bahamondes Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Ivan Kaufman for closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman  Well thanks everybody for joining us on today’s call. Clearly our first quarter operating results were outstanding and we look forward to [indiscernible]. Thank you.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.