Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2016 10:00 AM ET Executives Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President and Chief Executive Officer Analysts Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Q3 2016 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ttheir conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your first speaker for today, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Paul Elenio. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning we will discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2016. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform that you statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. We are extremely excited to be discussing our results and accomplishments for tthey first time as a new company, now that we have successfully completed tthey acquisitions of tthey agency platform. As we have discussed in tthey past, we believe ttheir acquisition will be transformational to franctheire future growth and success and we're very excited about tthey many benefits we will realized from ttheir combination. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release we had a very strong third quarter already realizing many of tthey benefits of ttheir combination including immediate accretion to AFFO, adding significant diversification and predictability to our earnings streams and significantly increased our equity base and market cap. Ttheyre were many ottheyr achievements during tthey third quarter as well, so we'd like to take tthey time for walk you through our significant accomplishments in our two distinct but complementary and cotheysive business platforms. First I would like to discuss our agency origination and servicing platform. Ttheir platform is extremely important to our overall business strategy and outlook going forward as it allows us to transition tthey REIT from a mono line dependent entity into a fully integrated franctheire with a significant origination business with high barriers to entry ttheyreby providing a natural limitation on competition. We'll also enhanced our presence in tthey multifamily sector provide a strong foothold in tthey GSE portion in particular. As we've expressed many times we find tthey multifamily sector to be an extremely attractive market due to its solid fundamentals, significant borrow demand and strong performance through all cycles. Ttheir agency business also produces significant recurrent, predictable earnings and longer duration assets and ttheyre is also less capital intensive and generate a high ROE than our current business operating on more of a self-funding basis providing a durable growth platform while minimizing tthey potential impact of capital market and interest rate volatility. Tthey newly acquired agency business is a leading national loan origination and servicing platform with over 230 direct employees including 20 originators operating all throughout tthey country with 17 sales and support offices in eight states. We've over 20 years experience in tthey multifamily agency business having originated in excess of $20 billion in loans since inception and over $3 billion in loans in 2015. As we've mentioned on our last call 2016 has also been anottheyr strong year to-date with 850 million originations in tthey third quarter and 2.5 billion originations for tthey first nine months. And we do expect to close out 2016 as our strongest origination year-to-date which we estimate could exceed 2015 originations by as much as 10%. Ttheir growth has resulted in immediate accretion to our AFFO which was $0.21 for tthey third quarter and $0.59 for tthey first nine months substantially in excess of our $0.45 of dividend through September 30. We also believe that we have a very strong fourth quarter which will allow us to continue to grow our earnings and dividends in tthey future. Ttheir platform also contains a very large and profitable servicing portfolio. Tthey portfolio wtheyn acquired was just under $12 billion and to our strong third quarter production has grown to approximately $12.6 billion at September 30. Ttheir service and portfolio contains approximately 48 basis points of servicing fees has an estimate of remaining life of approximately seven years and contains $400 million in escrow balances. Tthey earnings on ttheir escrow balance are currently around one month LIBOR which provide a natural theydge against rising rates as ttheyse balances has significant additional earnings power as rates rise. Additionally tthey majority of ttheir servicing portfolio is prepayment protected which translates into a significant valued asset which has added diversity, duration and stability to our earnings stream. Ttheir is also a very scalable business that would provide significant growth in economies of scale. So overall, we are very pleased with our third quarter results and we anticipate closing out 2016 with tthey strong fourth quarter from our agency platform which we are confident will allow us to continue to grow our earnings in dividend going forward. Now I would like to focus on our third quarter accomplishments from our transitional balance ttheyyet lending business. We continue focus theyavily on growing our balance ttheyyet originations business, while remaining extremely disciplined in our lending approach by investing in senior debt. Ttheir has allowed us to generate leveraged returns in excess of what we would achieve by lending in tthey excess of what we would achieve by lending in tthey subordinate areas of tthey capital structure. We originated $266 million of loans and experienced run-off of approximately $118 million in tthey third quarter resulting in $148 million of growth in our portfolio for tthey third quarter and our pipeline remains strong. Our third quarter originations has an average yields of approximately 6.4% and we generated leveraged returns in excess of 14% on ttheyse investment. Additionally, with a theyavy focus on senior multifamily loans our portfolio is now comprised of 89% senior debt with 86% of that being multifamily assets which clearly have proven to be tthey most resilient asset class and product type in all economic cycles. And with tthey significant improvements we have made in our financing facilities we are generating strong returns on capital in a very secure part of tthey capital structure. We also continue to provide extremely impressive results from tthey investments we made in tthey residential mortgage banking business in 2015. Last year, we talked about how ttheir business have picked up dramatically as a result of tthey current interest rate environment which allowed us to up our guidance significantly for tthey balance of tthey year. Tthey third quarter was even stronger than we expected recording nearly $4 million of income from ttheir investment which is well above our previous estimates. As we have generated $8.6 million of income from ttheir investments for tthey first nine months of ttheir year resulting a return on our invested capital of greater than 100% for 2016. Additionally, we also generated $700,000 of additional income in tthey third quarter from one of our equity interest. As we expect ttheyse two investments to generate a consistent annuity going forward of around $2 million to $2.5 million of income per quarter. Ttheyse strong results continue to demonstrate our unique ability to create significant additional earnings to new business ventures from structured transactions which we view as an important part of our franctheire and an additional means of diversifying our income streams and adding power and its capabilities. As I highlighted earlier tthey acquisition of manager's agency platform has also added significant additional income stream under extended duration of our earnings sources through long-dated prepayment protected servicing income from our significant agency servicing portfolio. We've also continue to focus theyavily on enhancing our debt structures which is one of tthey key to our success and remains a critical component of our business strategy. Tthey successful execution of ttheir strategy has allowed us to generate superior leveraged returns in a very safe and stable part of tthey capital stack through tthey continuous use of non-recourse securitization vehicles. We have a tremendous amount of experience and capability in tthey securitization arena and continue to be a market leader in ttheir space. In tthey third quarter we closed our sixth non-recourse CLO securitization vehicle since tthey financial crisis and currently have an access of $1 billion of non-recourse debt to four vehicles with replenishment period going out as far as three years. Ttheir non-recourse debt represents nearly 75% of our total financing allowing us to appropriately match fund, our assets with non-recourse liabilities and generate leveraged returns on our capital. Additionally, in October we successfully raised $85 million of accretive capital in tthey form of a convertible note instrument with very attractive terms. Tthey note carries an interest of 6.5% which is more than 200 basis points inside our common dividend yield and contains an initially convert price of $8.38 which is above both our comp stock market and tangible book value per share. Ttheir was a very important capital raise which will allow us to deploy ttheir capital into our growing pipeline investment and mid returns on our invested capital without diluting our book value. As a result of our recent success in tthey capital markets we are very pleased with our strong liquidity position. We currently have approximately $150 million of cash on hand combined with over $75 million of investable cash in our CLO vehicles to fund our future investment opportunities. Overall, we are very pleased with our third quarter results and our ability to successfully complete tthey acquisition of tthey agency platform. We believe tthey combination of our two significant business platforms will enhance our current platform, expand our market presence and broaden our products and create longer duration assets which will create tthey value for our franctheire. Ttheir is clearly a transformational combination that will allow us to significantly diversify and create more stable, predictable, long dated earnings streams and grow our core earnings and diverse dividends substantially. We also believe we are now uniquely positioned as one of tthey only public mortgage RIET with tthey ability to originate and service GSE loans combined with a balance ttheyyet to carry those loans allowing us to continue to expand and grow platform and franctheire value. And we are very excited and confident and our ability to continue to increase tthey value to our shareholders. I will now turn call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we are extremely pleased to have completed tthey acquisition of tthey agency business, which we believe will be transformational for our platform.  As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had a very strong third quarter and have already started to realize many of tthey financial benefits of tthey combination. As a result AFFO was $50 million or $0.21 per share for tthey third quarter and $33.9 million or $0.59 per share for tthey nine months ended September 30. Ttheir is above our dividend to-date of $0.47 per share and we do believe we will have a strong fourth quarter from tthey agency business which should result in continued growth in our earnings and dividends going forward. We have provided a substantial amount of financial information regarding our two significant business platform as well as some key metrics and data to assist our shareholder and better understanding our performance in tthey agency business. Tthey press release also include tthey detail reconciliation from GAAP net income to AFFO indicating tthey new adjustments from our agency business which include non-cash item such as mortgage servicing rights, amortization of mortgage servicing rights and amortization of intangible assets from tthey acquisition accounting. Our AFFO for tthey quarter and year to-date ended September 30, translated into return on common equity of 10.8% and 8.8% respectively. Ttheir is up from last quarter due to tthey higtheyr ROE associated with tthey agency business which is less capital intensive and operates more on a self-funded basis. For tthey quarter we generated approximately $14 million of net income and approximately $6.8 million of AFFO from tthey agency business, a portion of tthey income from ttheir business is subject to federal and state taxes inside of taxable REIT subsidiary. For tthey third quarter we reported only a current state tax provision of $300,000 related to ttheir income as we have federal tax NOLs from prior taxable RIET investment a portion of which were implied against tthey third quarter income. After utilizing ttheyse NOLs we still have remaining NOLs that could ttheyylter federal taxes from our agency business, but maybe one more quarter. If we did not have ttheyse NOLs our current federal tax provision would have been approximately $1 million for tthey third quarter resulting in a current federal and state tax expense of approximately $1.3 million for tthey third quarter from tthey agency business. We also had a very strong origination quarter on our agency platform closing $850 million loans since July's acquisitions were approximately 2.5 billion originations for tthey first nine-months of tthey year. For tthey quarter $669 million was Fannie Mae DUS origination and for tthey nine months we've originated $1.67 billion of Fannie Mae loans. Origination fees and gains on sales of originated loans are recorded upon settlement or sale of tthey underlying mortgage loan which normally occurs anywtheyre from 30 to 60 days at tthey closing. At that time many commissions earned related to tthey origination of tthey loan are recorded as compensation expense, ttheyrefore one important metric for tracking quarterly fee income is our loan sale volume which is approximately $969 million for tthey third quarter excluding tthey first 13 days of July prior to tthey acquisition. However, tthey acquisition accounting required us to book tthey acquired loans theyld for sale of approximately $418 million at ttheyir fair value on tthey balance including fees and gains on sale, less commission expense which resulted us not being able to record tthey net income related to tthey sales of ttheyse loans during tthey quarter. Ttheir had tthey effect of us reporting net margins relating to only $552 million of loans during tthey quarter instead of tthey reported sales of $969 million. Tthey third quarter margins on ttheyse sales was 1.76% including miscellaneous fees which can range anywtheyre from 5 to 15 basis points per quarter. We also reported $60 million or mortgage servicing rights income related to $750 million of committed loans during tthey third quarter. Ttheir represents an average mortgage servicing rights rate on committed loans of 2.23% for tthey third quarter. Sales margins and MSR rates fluctuate primarily by GSE loan type in size ttheyrefore changes in tthey mix of loan origination volume may increase or decrease ttheyse percentages in tthey future. Tthey agency business also includes a significant servicing portfolio and has a balance of $12.6 billion at September 30, with weighted average servicing fee of approximately 48 basis points and estimate remaining life of seven years. Ttheir portfolio was up 5.5% since tthey acquisition date and will generate significant predictable annuity of income going forward in excess of $60 million annually. Ttheir annuity will significantly diversify our revenue streams and provide us with long dated stable predictable earnings streams that are prepayment protected and less sensitive to rate and market cycles. Additionally, as Ivan mentioned earlier ttheir is a very scalable business that will provide significant growth and economies of scale in tthey future. Tthey acquisition of tthey agency platform has also increased our total equity to an excess of $700 million and has also increased our market capital over $500 million including tthey newly issued O.P unit spreading larger balance ttheyyet and more efficient vehicle to excess capital in tthey future. Now I'd like to talk about tthey third quarter results from our transitional balance ttheyyet lending operation. We had a very strong quarter generating net income of $7.8 million and AFFO of approximately $9 million excluding depression expenses, non-cash stock compensation expense and acquisition cost. As Ivan mentioned, we also able to continue to generate significant additional income streams recording $4.9 million of income from our equity investment in tthey third quarter which was up from $4.4 million we generated from ttheyse investments last quarter and we are estimating our equity investments to generate $2 million to $2.5 million of income for tthey fourth quarter as well. We also had a strong origination quarter closing $266 million of new investment which is tthey $118 million of runoff which result a net growth in our portfolio of $148 million and we now have an investment portfolio of approximately $1.76 billion at September 30 earning in yield of approximately 6.14% which is up slightly from tthey yield of around 6.11% at June 30. And with our primary focus in multifamily bridge loans our portfolio now consist of 89% bridge loans and 80% multifamily assets. Tthey average balance in core investments was up from $1.64 billion last quarter to $1.73 billion ttheir quarter largely due to tthey growth in our loan book during tthey quarter. Tthey average yield in ttheyse core investments did decrease to 6.15% for tthey third quarter from 6.76% for tthey second quarter largely due to $2 million more in accelerated fees from early runoff recorded in tthey second quarter. Our total debt on core assets was approximately $1.42 billion at September 30 within all-in-debt course were approximately 4.09% which is up from a debt course around 4.01% at June 30, mainly do an increase in LIBOR during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance on debt facilities was also up to approximately $1.37 billion for tthey third quarter from approximately $1.25 billion for tthey second quarter and tthey average cost to funds in our debt facilities decrease slightly to approximately 4.19% for tthey third quarter compared to 4.24% for tthey second quarter mainly due to our new CLO vehicle which carries a lower debt rates in our overall debt cost. Overall net interest spreads on our core assets on a GAAP basis did decreased to 1.96% ttheir quarter compared to 2.52% last quarter. Again largely due to significantly more accelerated fees from run-off in tthey second quarter compared to tthey third and our overall spot net interest spread decreased to 2.05% at September 30 from 2.10% at June 30, mainly due to higtheyr cost associated with certain fees related to our warehouse line due to tthey timing of moving assets into our new CLO vehicle in tthey third quarter. Additionally, as Ivan mentioned we currently have approximately $75 million of undeployed capital in our CLO vehicles combined with $150 million of cash on hand that went fully deployed should increased our net interest spreads substantially. Our average leveraged ratio on our core lending assets including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity were up slightly to approximately 69% ttheir quarter compared to 66% last quarter and our overall debt to equity ratio on a spot basis, including tthey trust preferred and preferred stock as equity was also up to 1.7 to 1 at September 30th from 1.5 to 1 at June 30th due to tthey ramp up feature in our CLO vehicle, tthey cash of which has not been fully deployed as of September 30th. Lastly, operating expenses related to our structured business appeared to be down significantly from last quarter. However, most of ttheir decrease is due to allocating certain public company costs among our two business platforms as a result of tthey acquisition of tthey agency business. Ttheyrefore, next quarter’s results should be more comparable to ttheir quarter wtheyn looking at each of our business units expenses individually. As far as our agency business operating expenses, we generally have one significant variable expense related to commissions earned on sold loans, which normally averages between 35% and 46% of our gains on sales, with tthey remaining operating expenses containing mostly fixed expenses that will stay fairly consistent quarter-to-quarter ottheyr than additions to staffing for tthey growth of our origination and servicing platform. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, tthey third quarter expenses did not include tthey first 13 days of July, as we closed on tthey acquisition of tthey Agency Platform on July 14th. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning and I will now turn it back to tthey operator to take any question you may have at ttheir time. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve DeLaney Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen and congrats on a good start for tthey combined company. Ivan Kaufman Thanks, Steve. Steve DeLaney Ivan, I was wondering if you would mind commenting a little bit on your smaller balance agency multifamily approach? Could you talk a little bit about your platform and your source? How you source loans on tthey smaller loans maybe compared to company like Walker Dunlop that goes after larger loans and in that if you would talk about your technology platform? I have seen some ads in CMA about your ALEX system and just would be curious to theyar some comments about organically how tthey business runs wtheyn you come in every day? Thank you. Ivan Kaufman Sure. I think that’s a good question. It speaks a lot about our franctheire. Given my background in running residential businesses and being to develop and build processes, we focus initially wtheyn we are building our business on smaller loans. That was an area of tthey market that people were not focused on. So, it was little bit of a strategic approach to go wtheyre nobody else was. Tthey problem is to do it efficiently and profitably was not an easy thing to do. So, we developed a lot of internal processes. We trained our originators in a specific way and a recent implementation we developed tthey ALEX system, which is tthey Arbor LoanExpress system to be able to take tthey origination all tthey way through closing on an automated basis which reduces our costs significantly. We think it reduces -- to date we still have room to improve. We save about 26 hours of -- 26 to 30 hours per loan originations and got our originations costs down significantly and we still have more room to grow. Just as importantly, many of our borrowers do multiple transactions. It’s very common for somebody to do 5, 10 transactions for most of tthey year. So to tthey extent that ttheyy were able to use ttheir automated system while originators who allows ttheym to handle more production and communicate more effectively and take on a bigger load, a lot of originators do not like to originate ttheyse small loans because ttheyy are very cumbersome. With tthey implementation of our ALEX program and tthey training of not only our originators and internal people but our borrowers just importantly, ttheyy are able to handle a greater number of transactions and not shy away from what would be smaller transactions wtheyn ttheyy can in fact think ttheyy can work on larger transactions. So that’s been a cornerstone for us in tthey way we built our company. And clearly from small transactions become large transactions, wtheyttheyr it would be tthey borrower growing or wtheyttheyr tthey borrower just had access to ottheyr transactions. So, our average loan balance actually continues to grow significantly even though we are a dominant force within tthey smaller loan business. We are tthey number one provider for Freddie Mac on small loans and Fannie Mae. I believe last year and it should be ttheir year, we’ve done more loan units with Fannie and Freddie than any ottheyr lender. That’s a tremendous accomplishment, gives us tremendous footprint and a tremendous presence and gives us huge amount of repeat business. And what we found is, if somebody’s doing multiple transactions, ttheyy want to go back to us because of tthey consistency of tthey service and reliability of our communication and it’s a little less price sensitive but was service oriented. Steve DeLaney That’s very theylpful. Thank you, Ivan for that. We are seeing a lot about one caps. Citi actually, I saw something on Bloomberg two days ago that Citi’s actually saying that maybe tthey FHFA will raise tthey caps yet again. I guess that would be tthey third time for multifamily caps. Practically speaking, Ivan, given your focus on tthey smaller loans and some larger loans but do tthey caps have a practical limit on your ability to originate? How do you see tthey discussion or noise about tthey caps affecting ACM? Ivan Kaufman I think we are less affected by tthey cap because we focus on smaller loans which are excluded. We also focus on tthey affordability aspect of lending, so we’re less affected. But tthey caps could be a little bit of an issue if tthey market continues to grow. I think tthey agencies did get a bump ttheir year. I think that some of our loan production is going to be puttheyyd to next year because everybody’s bumped up. So, we’ll see a little flow into tthey first quarter of next year. I think if tthey market is larger in 2017 than it is in 2016 in order for tthey agencies to continue to hold tthey same mark than ttheyy have now, ttheyy will need a little bit of a bump up. So, at worst we will maintain tthey same level we did last year, plus tthey growth because a lot of what we do is outside of tthey cap. I’m not sure what tthey FHFA is going to do next year, but I think ttheyy will have to be cognizant of a larger market and see how ttheyy want to react accordingly. But it will have less impact on us than anybody else. Steve DeLaney Appreciate it. Thank you for tthey comments ttheir morning, Ivan. Ivan Kaufman Okay. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] And we have a question coming from tthey line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is now open. Jade Rahmani Thank you. Just a high level question, what are your thoughts about potential M&A in tthey space as a tool to grow tthey platform? Are you interested or ttheyy any potential opportunities to combine with ottheyr entities, private or public? Ivan Kaufman That’s a good question and I’m going to answer that in two ways. First, we will continue to see what ottheyr business operations we can start organically like our residential business, which has contributed significantly in ottheyr lines of business. And we are always keen to do that given our entrepreneurial nature. We do have a theirtory of having acquisitions to grow various businesses. I think that’s something we will evaluate very, very carefully and looked to use our currency and/or cash to expand our businesses. We think that valuations to different businesses over tthey last 36 months have been extremely high. We were fortunate to have a related party transaction, which have a lot of economies to it to be able to pull off that transaction. I think if tthey market has a little dislocation, we will be uniquely positioned to be able to do that. Make no mistake about it. We are specifically focused in tthey multifamily sector, all parts of tthey capital structure, all forms of origination and we will do what we can to find complementary businesses within that space to continue to grow that space but we will also look at ottheyr opportunities outside of that. So, it is certainly a key management discussion theyre and we will be well positioned if ttheyre is some dislocation. Jade Rahmani I was wondering if you comment on tthey crowdfunding initiative that I think is through a separate vehicle. Is ttheyre any potential affiliation or joint venture, some kind of arrangement that ABR could have with that? Ivan Kaufman So, ABR will be a big beneficiary of that. It has to be kept as a separate unrelated entity due to certain requirements with tthey agencies. We have gotten tremendous amount of requests from many of our repeat sponsors if ttheyy could access that kind of funding and to some of ttheyir deals. And that is something that we feel could provide additional new sponsors to come in as well as enhance our relationships. So, we feel that ABR will be a real beneficiary of that product line. Jade Rahmani In terms of borrower demand, seems like tthey GSE business is still very strong but overall, what are you seeing right? Are you seeing any diminution transaction volumes lost somewhat modestly? And also I was wondering if you could comment on your level of visibility at ttheir point into deals that may close early in first quarter 2017? Ivan Kaufman I think from tthey prepared remarks, we were very clear that our fourth quarter is very strong and we are going to finish tthey year strong. Our pipeline is strong. Our presence in brand and tthey market is getting stronger. We are tthey number one lender for small balance loans far and above anybody else. And I think we continue to grow our market share and grab a bigger part of tthey market. We believe 2017 should be as good if not better than 2016, because of all tthey loans on tthey CMBS properties that were up for tthey loan. I think 2017 could be tthey biggest refinance year market. If interest rates remain in ttheir region, I think our acquisition activity will remain strong. So, we are very optimistic for 2017. Jade Rahmani Can you just clarify what your average of loan size is in tthey agency business? Paul Elenio Sure. Ivan, you want me to take that? So, currently for tthey quarter we had an average loan size as Ivan said has been moving up. So if you look at our portfolio of $12.6 billion, we have roughly 2,700 loans so that translates to an average loan size in tthey low five. And it was probably around ttheyre in tthey third quarter, which is probably in tthey low sixes in tthey third quarter. But as Ivan mentioned on tthey Fannie Mae side of tthey business, our average loan size has started to creep up and I think of late, Ivan, correct me if I’m wrong, our average loan size on tthey Fannie side has crept up to about $8 million. Generally, we are in tthey $5 million to $6 million range although lately we have seen some larger loans opportunities and our average loan size has started to creep up. Jade Rahmani And just finally in terms of credit, are you seeing any changes sequentially that could suggest a deterioration, I think that’s one of tthey market fears about tthey series cycle right now? Ivan Kaufman Well, clearly, we’ve had almost 24 quarters of rent growth in our multifamily properties which is unprecedented. We are very cautious in terms of how we are looking at future rent growth and future occupancies. So, we’ve taken a more conservative posture in tthey market than some ottheyr lenders and backed up our own credit underwriting standards. Ttheyre were certain markets that were oil patch related wtheyre about two years ago we started, just our credit philosophy. Tthey fundamentals for renters and new housing starts specifically still work in favor of good occupancy and solid rents stabilized markets. But we are cautious about rent growth. Jade Rahmani Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] And at ttheir time I’m showing no furttheyr questions. So with that said, I’d like to turn tthey conference back over to CEO, Ivan Kaufman for any furttheyr remarks. Ivan Kaufman If ttheyre are no more questions, I’d just like to thank everybody for ttheyir participation. Ttheir has been a fantastic quarter and we are looking forward to a very successful fourth quarter and year-end. Everybody enjoy tthey news of tthey day and we look forward to our next call. Thank you.  Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.