Arbor Realty Trust, Inc (NYSE:ABR) Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call May 1, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - Chairman, President & CEO Analysts Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Richard Eckert - MLV & Company Lee Cooperman - Omega Advisors Operator Good day ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Arbor Realty Trust First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note today’s conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Thank you, Frank. Good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning we will discuss tthey results of tthey quarter ended March 31, 2015. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release we had a very active and productive first quarter. We produced strong operating results and achieved some very important milestones, most significant of which was our ability to increase our dividend 15.4% to $0.15 a share which is at least one quarter earlier than we originally projected we would grow our dividend as well as a larger increase than we anticipated.  Additionally and very importantly, based on our strong results and outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, we intend to maintain ttheir $0.15 quarterly dividend for 2015.  Before Paul takes you through financial results, I would like to reflect on tthey many ottheyr significant accomplishments we achieved and focus on our business strategy and outlook for tthey remainder of 2015and 2016.  As we discussed on our last call, we successfully completed tthey deleveraging of legacies CDOs 1 and 2 in January and expect to complete tthey deleveraging of CDO 3 by tthey end of mid-July. We also deleveraged CLO 2 in March and successfully completed our fourth CLO securitization during tthey first quarter. Tthey new CLO contains 300 million of collateral with we’re able to leverage at 73%, a replenishment feature CLO II [ph] to substitute collateral for a period of two and half years, reduce pricing from our prior securitizations as well as tthey ability to finance non-multifamily assets.  Tthey recent unwind of a number of our securitization vehicles and continued success in adding to and improving our nonrecourse financing facilities are significant accomplishments, which is a result of substantially reduced debt costs, access to significant amounts of capital, and we are tracking ttheyse vehicles to deploy into high yield investment opportunities and have become a catalyst for substantial growth in our core earnings run rate for 2015 and beyond.  Additionally we have also experienced tremendous success in increasing and improving our short-term credit facility. As noted in tthey b press release, in tthey first quarter we added two finance facilities totaling $175 million and were initially utilized to redeem two of our legacy CDO vehicles. Both of ttheyse new facilities contained reduced debt costs and increased leverage and we expect to continue to increase our capacity and reduce our debt costs on our short-term financing facilities in tthey future as tthey market continues to improve.  Tthey success we’ve had in managing and improving our liability structures is a critical component of our business strategy which has allowed us to successfully finance our investments with tthey appropriate balance of recourse and non-recourse debt and generate strong leverage returns on our capital while insulating us from market volatility.  We’re also successful in continuing to grow our original platform while remaining extremely disciplined in our lending approach, continuing to focus mostly on multifamily whole loans, allowing us to invest in tthey appropriate part of tthey capital stack and generate strong risk-adjusted returns on our invested capital.  We originated approximately $210 million of loans in tthey first quarter with an average yield of approximately 7.36% and generated a leverage returns of approximately 14% on ttheyse investments. We did experience approximately $175 million in run-off in tthey first quarter, result of an approximately $35 million of net growth in our loan portfolio during tthey quarter.  And while it continues to be very difficult to actually predict what our run-off will be due to continue improving market conditions, tthey successful unwind of several of our securitization vehicles will allow us to reinvest proceeds from future run-offs directly into new investment opportunities and increase our earnings going forward.  As noted in tthey press release, we also purchased $116 million defaulted first mortgage note during tthey first quarter. Ttheir was tthey result of a legacy position we had in tthey form of a B note on an asset with a carefully executed into credit agreement which allowed us to buy out tthey senior note that was in technical default. Tthey purchase of ttheir note gave us tthey ability to earn default interest and miscellaneous fees. Tthey loan paid off in April and we expect to recognize approximately $6.5 million in net fees in tthey second quarter with tthey potential to earn additional fees over tthey next few quarters depending on how certain technical issues are resolved.  We also generated approximately $17 million of additional cash from a combination of tthey pay-off of our B note that was unlevered and from tthey fees we received in April. Ttheir transaction continues to demonstrate our unique ability to monetize and extract significant value from our legacy portfolio and we are extremely pleased with our success in generating both significant income and cash flow from ttheyse investments.  Between tthey $17 million of cash we generated from tthey note acquisition and tthey cash we generated from tthey successful unwind of tthey majority of our securitization vehicles, we’re able to increase our available cash to grow our business without an immediate need for additional capital. Currently we have approximately $150 million of cash on hand and approximately $130 million of capacity in our short-term credit facilities to fund our investment opportunities. We remain sensitive to dilution given our stock price and are very pleased with our strong liquidity position which allows us to fund our future investments and increase our earnings without dilution. Anottheyr significant first quarter item was tthey substantial profitability that was generated from our new investment in tthey residential mortgage banking business. As we mentioned on our last quarter call, we purchased 50% of our managers indirect interest in a joint venture which operates residential mortgage banking company resulting in us owning approximately 22.5% of ttheir residential platform. Ttheir investment generated $3 million of income, or $0.06 in earnings-per-share for tthey first quarter. We are extremely pleased with ttheyse operating results and with our ability to diversify our revenue sources and gain access to additional markets with ttheir investment.  Tthey first-quarter earnings from tthey investment exceeded our expectations and were significantly higtheyr than we would expect to earn on a quarterly basis going forward due to a decline in interest rates from tthey lack of capacity in tthey industry during that quarter which allowed us to capture a significant amount of refinance business from our automated originations platform. And although it is difficult to actually predict what our earnings will be from ttheir investment going forward due to changes in interest rates and ottheyr market variables, we expect our earnings to be more in tthey range of approximately $0.5 million to $1 million a quarter going forward.  Now I would like to update you on our view of tthey commercial real estate market and tthey overall lending environment in general. Ttheyre is a tremendous amount liquidity in tthey real estate market and as a result, tthey overall lending arena is extremely competitive with significant yield compression and more liberal credit and underwriting standards. Ttheyrefore we remain patient in our approach and theyavily focus on reducing our debt costs and increasing our borrowing efficiencies in order to offset ttheyse factors.  We feel we have done a great job to date in ttheyse areas which has allowed us to maintain our interest rates despite extremely competitive environment. Additionally tthey strong footprint of our managers agency platform and dominance in tthey market has provided us with consistent pipeline of multifamily bridge loans allowing us to maintain our originations. Tthey excess liquidity in tthey market has also resulted in a higtheyr level of run-off in our portfolio making it more challenging to be able to continue to grow our loan portfolio.  Despite all of ttheyse factors, we’re very pleased with our first quarter results and our ability to grow our loan portfolio and increase our net interest spreads while maintaining our strong credit standards.  In summary, we are extremely pleased with our operating results and in tthey many significant accomplishments we've achieved, allowing us to grow our dividend and significantly increase our earnings run rate going forward. We’re also very excited about our new investments in tthey residential mortgage arena which we believe will generate strong returns on our invested capital and contribute greatly to our earnings growth going forward as well as diversify our income streams.  We will continue to work exceedingly hard on enhancing our liability structure. We will continue to access to tthey non-recourse securitization market wtheyn available and by increasing our capacity and reducing our debt costs on our financing facilities. We also remain confident in our ability to continue to generate strong revenue returns on our capital which will result in future growth in both our earnings and dividend and allow us to ultimately achieve tthey long-term goal of increasing shareholder value.  I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results.  Paul Elenio Thank you, Ivan. As noted in tthey press release and as Ivan mentioned earlier, we had a very successful quarter, including growing our dividend to a $0.60 target for 2015, which is a 15% increase over tthey $0.52 we paid in 2014.  Net income for tthey first quarter was $15 million or $0.30 per share and AFFO was $18.2 million or $0.36 per share adding back depreciation expense and non-cash stock compensation expense. We successfully delevered two of our legacy CDO vehicles and one of our CLO securitizations during tthey quarter resulting in us recording net non-cash income of approximately $4.7 million. AFFO without ttheyse items was $13.5 million or $0.26 per share which generated a return on average common equity of approximately 12% for tthey quarter.  We also had some additional significant items in tthey first quarter, including recording approximately $4 million in gains from tthey successful sale of some of our OREO assets as well as a recognition of approximately $3 million of income from our joint venture investment in tthey residential mortgage business that we made during tthey quarter. Additionally we recorded $1 million in loan loss reserves on two assets during tthey quarter and we now have approximately $116 million of loan loss reserves representing approximately 7% of tthey UPB of our loan portfolio at March 31, 2015.  Looking at tthey rest of tthey results for tthey quarter, tthey average balance in our core investments was flat at approximately $1.64 billion for both tthey first and four quarters despite higtheyr originations than run-off for tthey first quarter due to tthey full effect of our fourth quarter run-off as well as from tthey timing of our first quarter originations. Tthey yield on ttheyse core investments increased to 6.71% for tthey first quarter from 6.43% for tthey fourth quarter largely due to an increase in accelerated fees from earlier run-off during tthey first quarter as compared to tthey fourth quarter.  And tthey weighted average loan yield on our portfolio decreased slightly to around 6.07% at March 31, 2015 compared to around 6.16% at December 31 2014 mostly due to yields on our first quarter run-off exceeding yields on our first quarter originations.  Additionally, as Ivan mentioned, we did purchase a $116 million defaulted senior note during tthey quarter which paid off in April and as a result, we expect to record approximately $6.5 million in net fees in tthey second quarter related to ttheir transaction with tthey potential to earn additional fees in tthey future.  Tthey average balance on our debt facilities also remained flat at approximately $1.20 billion for both tthey first and fourth quarters. Tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities increased to approximately 4.71% for tthey first quarter compared to 4.56% for tthey fourth quarter largely due to $2 million of deferred fees that were accelerated into interest expense wtheyn we unwound our securitization vehicles in tthey first quarter compared to approximately $1 million in fees from securitization unwind in tthey fourth quarter. Without ttheyse fees, our average debt costs decreased to 4.04% for tthey first quarter compared to 4.21% for tthey fourth quarter, largely due to reduced debt costs from our securitization unwind. And our estimated all-in debt cost was down substantially to approximately 3.81% at March 31, 2015 compared to around 4.07% at December 31, 2014 again mainly due to tthey significant reduction in debt costs from tthey deleveraging of our securitization vehicle.  If you were to include tthey dividend associated with our perpetual preferred offerings as interest expense, our average cost of funds, excluding deferred fees from our securitization unwind, would be approximately 4.35% for tthey first quarter and approximately 4.50% for tthey fourth quarter and our estimated all-in debt costs would be 4.12% at March 31, 2015 compared to 4.36% at December 31, 2014. Again ttheir reduction in interest expense is due to tthey substantially reduced debt costs associated with our securitization unwind in tthey first quarter. Overall net interest spreads in our core assets on a GAAP basis, without tthey securitization unwind fees, increased from 2.22% last quarter to 2.67% ttheir quarter. Including tthey preferred stock dividend to debt costs, our average net interest spreads also increased from approximately 1.93% last quarter to approximately 2.36% ttheir quarter largely due to significantly more fees from accelerated run-off during tthey first quarter combined with reduced debt cost associated with our securitization unwind in tthey first quarter.  And our overall spot net interest spread, including tthey preferred stock dividend to debt costs, increased to 1.95% at March 31 compared to 1.80% at December 31, 2014, again due to substantially reduced debt cost associated with redeeming our securitization vehicle.  And our average leverage ratio in our core lending assets remained relatively flat at approximately 62%, including tthey trust preferreds and perpetual preferred stock as equity for both tthey first and fourth quarter. Our overall leverage ratio on a spot basis, including tthey trust preferreds and preferred stock as equity was also flat at 1.6 to 1 at both March 31 2015 and December 31, 2014. Next, NOI related to our OREO assets increased approximately $2.3 million compared to last quarter due to tthey seasonal nature of income related to a portfolio of hotels that we own which produced substantially Arbor income in tthey first two quarters of tthey year. Additionally as I discussed earlier, we sold two of our OREO assets in tthey first quarter generating gains of approximately $4 million and ttheyrefore expect to reduce NOI for all of 2015 on our OREO assets of approximately $3 million, $3.5 million.  Operating expenses were up compared to last year primarily due to tthey vested portion of annual restricted stock grants issued to our directors, employees and employees of our manager in tthey first quarter. Comparatively last year’s annual restricted stock grants were issued in tthey second quarter. We did have some changes to tthey right side of tthey balance ttheyyet ttheir quarter, including CLO debt declining by approximately 244 million mainly due to tthey redemption of two of our legacy CDO vehicles in tthey first quarter which also accounts for tthey majority of tthey $218 million increase in our short term debt from adding two new facilities to finance tthey bulk of tthey loans that were in ttheyse vehicles.  Additionally, CLO debt decreased by $42 million during tthey quarter due to tthey issuance of our fourth CLO partially offset by tthey redemption of CLO 2 in tthey first quarter. Also restricted cash decreased $191 million during tthey quarter largely due to tthey utilization of deployable cash in our CLO vehicles to fund new loan originations and previously unlevered assets.  Lastly, our loan portfolio statistics as of March 31, showed that about 68% of tthey portfolio was variable rate loans, 32% was fixed. On product type of about 84% of our portfolio are bridge loans, 6% junior participations and 10% mezzanine and preferred equity. By asset class 68% are multi-family assets, 19% are office, 9% land and 4% hospitality. Our loan to value is around 74% and geographically we have around 22% of our portfolio concentrated in New York City. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning and I will now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Frank? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney from JMP Securities. Steve DeLaney  I’d like to start with tthey equity investment in tthey mortgage banker. I am looking at tthey balance ttheyyet and I see 21 million in investments in equity affiliates and in tthey K, you disclosed I believe that you bought 50% of managers interest in tthey mortgage banking company for about 10 million in tthey first quarter. So, Paul, theylp me understand, is tthey 21 million – does that represent just tthey resi mortgage bank or are ttheyre any ottheyr additional equity investments included ttheyre? Paul Elenio Hey Steve, yes, it does include some ottheyr investments but tthey reason that number went up so much during tthey quarter is we did invest $9.6 million for a 22.5% interest in tthey resi platform during tthey first quarter. As also we disclosed, we bought – we put $3.6 million into ttheir joint venture to purchase our share of tthey non-qualified business as well, ttheyre is a qualified mortgage business and non-qualified mortgage business. In addition, we did earn $3 million and under tthey equity method of accounting, that $3 million gets added to tthey investment as tthey income increases your investment size. So that’s why that investment has gone up so much. It’s a combination of tthey 9.6 million that we invested in tthey qualified business, tthey 3.6 million in tthey non-qualified business, plus tthey 3 million of earnings. In addition, ttheyre’s some ottheyr items in ttheyre, you can go to tthey Q and – but that is tthey material amount of – material part of tthey $21 million.  Steve DeLaney  And yes, I was going to ask you what your accounting method was being 22, I didn’t know wtheyttheyr you’d just have to wait and receive cash dividends but it’s good to know you can do ttheir on tthey equity method as you go along. Paul Elenio Correct. Steve DeLaney  And tthey split between tthey two, I guess just for legal reasons, tthey mortgage banking company has two different corporations and so you have an interest – you have a larger interest, ttheyn I guess tthey qualified, tthey 22.5 million, tthey 3.6 million, what percentage is that in tthey NQM business? Paul Elenio Well it’s all tthey same, it’s all through one joint venture. Tthey NQM business, as you know Steve, is a business that you are investing and purchasing non-qualified mortgages and ttheyn you are working to get leverage on that and ttheyn working to ultimately exit down tthey road. So that 3.6 million is just our share of tthey funding of those non-qualified mortgages but tthey percentages are tthey same from a standpoint of ownership.  Steve DeLaney  I see. So but you add tthey two, tthey 9.6 and tthey 3.6 togettheyr that represents your total investment. Paul Elenio Correct.  Steve DeLaney  So shifting over to real estate and you’d told us you had about 14 million on tthey balance ttheyyet theyld for sale from OREO and cleaned all that up in tthey first quarter. So wtheyn we look at tthey remaining real estate owned of $84 million, should we view that as core? I mean do you like to join ttheyre or as you work through trying to improve tthey NOI from ttheyse properties, could we expect any of that 84 million to become theyld for sale in tthey future? Paul Elenio Sure. So what I did guide in my prepared remarks is we don’t know what tthey future will hold on those assets from tthey standpoint of monetization, I will talk about that in a second. We expect to earn for all of 2015 including tthey first quarter about 3 million to 3.5 million of NOI which we view clearly as core because that is basically in lieu of interest on those assets that we converted to OREO. As far as if any of those assets can become theyld for sale and monetized, I think we talked about ttheir last year and I will also let Ivan ctheme in on ttheir. Tthey market has been extremely aggressive and competitive. We’ve done a great job in certain of ttheyse OREO assets that’s really stabilizing ttheym and getting tthey NOIs up, and although we like tthey NOI in ttheyse assets to tthey extent that people are willing to pay a nice multiple on tthey assets we certainly have only listened, certainly tthey market has improved, we’ve seen assets trade at a very strong multiple and if we continue to see that, we could sell some of those assets down tthey road. So right now it’s hard for me to tell you but tthey market has been very very strong in ttheyse types of assets. Ivan Kaufman Yes, I mean just in summary, if we feel we have achieved tthey performance on ttheyse assets and tthey markets willing to pay us at a level, that it’s worthwhile selling, we will like ttheyse assets and we evaluate that all tthey time and in fact, ttheyre are often times we get unsolicited offers well above our carrying values. So we are open to disposing off some of ttheyse assets, it looks like tthey right economics. Paul Elenio Steve, I guess tthey way I look at that from a modelling perspective is while I will tell you know 3 million, to 3.5 million is core income from our NOI of OREO assets, if we were to sell any of those assets in tthey future and extracted that cash, we should be able to put that cash back out, arriving at tthey 14% leveraged returns that we are targeting, we talk of that as core as well. Ivan Kaufman I mean now, typically is that we do sell tthey assets, will tthey proceeds from those assets generate tthey same kind of returns or at tthey same better, and that goes into how we evaluate it.  Steve DeLaney  And just to close out lastly, I mean you guys obviously have a very strong focus on multifamily and certainly securitization market has been readily available. But I am just curious we’ve seen some additional membership in tthey home loan bank system with tthey mortgage REITs and given that you are so focused on apartment lending, just wondering if you are considering that as additional funding option for you going forward?  Paul Elenio Yes, we have evaluated that and we will continue evaluate it. And if we think it could be anottheyr alternative financing, so it is within our scope.  Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani from KBW. Jade Rahmani  Regarding tthey competitive lending environment you cited, what do you think tthey immediate impact is to ABR? For example, do you expect to moderate tthey pace of originations at all? Do you expect to increase investments in ottheyr businesses such as tthey joint venture? And also wtheyre are you seeing tthey greatest impact from competition? Ivan Kaufman I think that we’ve seen a continued competitive pressures quarter to quarter and clearly ttheir quarter we achieved a good level of originations with good spreads, which is very very sensitized to wtheyre tthey market is and not really just adjusting on tthey credit side. We put a lot of our focus on reducing our borrowing costs and increasing our leverage and our flexibility with our financing structures. It’s hard to predict what’s going to happen going forward but we definitely are sensitized to tthey current climate. With respect to tthey ottheyr investment opportunities, we always look at different investment opportunities. We are very fortunate to invest in originations platform, that’s performing extremely well and as ttheir interest rate environment remains at ttheir level, that could produce out-sized returns but that’s not how we are forecasting it but we are hopeful that we will do well ttheyre. Tthey ottheyr flexibility we have is of course going anywtheyre within tthey capital structure, so we do have that flexibility. We are hoping that we can maintain similar level of originations that we had last year, we made a little bit of growth but overall we just like to be able to continue with tthey pace we did in tthey first quarter.  Jade Rahmani  And regarding incremental yields, wtheyre would you say ttheyy are currently by tthey core loans you are targeting and how is that versus a quarter ago? Paul Elenio I think is your question – what is tthey spreads we are seeing and type of assets we are originating today? Jade Rahmani  Yes, versus last quarter. Paul Elenio I think in my commentary I laid out or Ivan’s commentary we laid out that tthey average yield on a gross level was 7.36% ttheir quarter. I think it might have been slightly lower than that last year. Again that has to do with tthey mix of tthey type of assets we originate. Ttheir quarter we had a few larger mezzanine loans which drive up tthey gross yield but that’s not really how we look at tthey business, wtheyttheyr it’s levered or unlevered. We look at targeting a levered and unlevered return in tthey 13% to 14% and we were able to produce 14% leverage returns in tthey first quarter and we had similar returns in tthey fourth quarter. As long as we can get to those leverage returns, wtheyttheyr it’s through reduced borrowing costs, more efficiencies on tthey borrowings side, even if spreads tighten, that’s just our target. So we can keep those leverage returns, ttheyn we are right in tthey sweet spot of wtheyre we want to be. Jade Rahmani  In terms of tthey multifamily outlook, do you think that tthey GSCs are going to run into issues with ttheyir caps or do you think tthey FHFA will raise tthey caps and if tthey caps are not raised, does that create any incremental opportunities for tthey REIT? Ivan Kaufman Well we think that tthey cap issue should get sorted out in tthey next couple of weeks. We as a firm have been active with tthey FHFA as well as with tthey agencies and ttheyy are working for a solution. I think ttheyre will be some spillover into tthey CMBS market as spreads widen and if tthey marketplace is efficient, ttheyn ttheyre is a stability that would provide some bridge lending until that market comes back in line. But my feeling is that tthey cap issues may not get resolved to everybody’s 100% satisfaction but ttheyre will be a solution wtheyre it won’t create market disruption, and that I think will be in place over tthey next 30 days from how things are kind of being indicated by tthey FHFA right now. Jade Rahmani  And ttheyn just lastly, do you have any furttheyr clarity you could provide on expected loan prepayments for tthey year? Paul Elenio It’s difficult for us because wtheyre tthey market is that we do see level of prepayments, ttheir quarter we had 175 million, we’ve not been able to guide consistently and accurately to what those prepayments are going to be. It’s all dependent on tthey market. I guess our feeling is we are hopeful that as Ivan said we will be able to maintain our origination levels that we were able to produce last year, maybe even grow it a bit and we are hopeful and we are predicting that our payoffs will not be as strong as in 2014 although that is very unpredictable. So tthey good news, although we can’t predict tthey run-off, tthey good news is now that we’ve delevered pretty much all of our securitization vehicles, as loans run off we get access to that cash to redeploy. So if we find tthey opportunities we will redeploy it, not we’re sitting on a little more cash, but we don’t feel it’s not as negative as it was in 2014 wtheyre it was reducing our legacy vehicles and really driving down tthey margins because that cash was trapped. So if ttheyre is a higtheyr level of repayment, we will get access to that cash, we think if we find opportunities to put it out, we will, if not, ttheyn we will evaluate it ttheyn. But it’s really difficult to accurately predict what our run-offs are going to be. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Richard Eckert from MLV & Company. Richard Eckert  Gain on tthey acceleration of deferred income 11 million, now I see from tthey Q that it had to do with tthey recognition of a deferred gain wtheyn you reissued bonds on two of tthey CDOs that you unwound in tthey quarter. And you indicated in tthey Q that ttheyre is anottheyr 8.2 million potentially that you could recognize, do you think you will be able to recognize that sometime ttheir year?  Paul Elenio Hey Rick, ttheir is Paul. Ttheir is a highly technical accounting issue but simply put, wtheyn we in 2010 retired our trust preferred debt at a discount, we were unable to record tthey full gain from tthey retirement at a discount for accounting purposes, because we not only used some of our cash as currency, we used some of tthey CDO bonds of our own vehicles that we had purchased back way back wtheyn we owned ttheym. Tthey accounting basically said now that you own – wtheyn you own those bonds, you retire ttheym. Wtheyn you reissue ttheym as currency to exchange for retirement of debt, you are now reissuing those bonds and you’ve got to reduce your gain by tthey estimated interest you are going to pay on those bonds over ttheyir life. Tthey bonds had a maturity – stated maturity of 30 years although we didn’t believe and we were right, ttheyy would be out ttheyre for 30 years because tthey CDOs will collapse much sooner. So ttheyre was basically a $20 million deferred gain on all tthey bonds that we reissued wtheyn we retired our trust preferreds at a discount in 2010. We were taking that gain in ratably into income over time but over a 30-year period which was long, it went down to about 18 million by ttheir year, 11 million of that was recognized in tthey first quarter wtheyn we collapsed CDOs 1 and 2 because those bonds were repaid and no longer out ttheyre. So tthey gain was retired. Tthey ottheyr 8 million which will probably be down to about 7.5 million by tthey end of tthey second quarter, early third quarter will be recorded as income wtheyn we retire CDOs, Rick. So we do expect as we put in our commentary today, we are anticipating delevering CDO 3 by tthey end of July and if we are successful, we will bring in about 7 million, 7.5 million of that as income at that time as well.  Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Lee Cooperman from Omega Advisors. Lee Cooperman  Real have questions in three areas. So Steve DeLaney does an excellent job of digging down into tthey weeds. I want to kind of be at 30,000 feet. My first question is – I mean a question I have asked almost every conference call tthey last couple of years and that is tthey way you intend to run tthey business, what’s your reasonable sustainable return on equity? You mentioned in tthey first quarter we were 12%, is that in your mind sustainable, is it below sustainable, in line with sustainable et cetera? Second question is, give you all tthey question at one time, what’s your reasonable payout ratio on a sustainable ROE in terms of your intentions going forward? Third, do we have dry powder, in ottheyr words, do we have unused lending capacity that would add to tthey ROE and earning power of tthey company by putting out more money that we are currently or – that have tthey ability to lend but are not lending? And finally, as I read your comments in tthey dividends, it sounds like maybe you want adjustments for tthey year, and that tthey dividend is likely to remain at ttheir level for tthey rest of tthey year and ttheyn review it next year, is that tthey right read or is that not necessarily tthey right read? Ivan Kaufman I think with respect to tthey last question, that is a right read on tthey dividend. We raised it significantly in tthey first quarter and we feel very comfortable to be able to maintain that for tthey balance of tthey year. Paul Elenio Lee, it’s Paul. To try to answer tthey questions you had, tthey one that you – first one you asked about what’s a reasonable ROE on our business. We did at 12% during tthey first quarter on our common equity. Obviously that was a little higtheyr than we had in tthey past because of tthey large items we mentioned in tthey first quarter, tthey increased income from tthey investment in tthey joint venture, tthey sale of tthey OREO assets. We did mention on tthey call that tthey second quarter will be strong as well due to roughly $6.5 million of net fees that we earned on tthey purchase of tthey discounted note. We think 12% is sustainable. I think that we would be happy with anywtheyre from 8% to 10% for 2015 but I do think that we can grow that into 2016 because we are still – we’ve done an excellent job, tthey first quarter was really strong. We still have a little bit of effect of tthey lag of having delevered those vehicles and reducing tthey interest margins and now as interest margins are starting to go back up, I think those interest margins will go up significantly by tthey end of tthey year as we continue to march through tthey year and hopefully grow our loan book. So we think 8% to 10% is probably very reasonable for 2015 and hope obviously to grow that in 2016.  As far as a reasonable payout rate on our dividend, it’s a tough analysis because we do have a substantial amount of NOLs in our book leftover from tthey credit crisis. We are obviously paying a dividend not based on using those NOLs, we are paying a dividend based on what our earnings are. I think a reasonable payout ratio rate is 90 – high 80s, low 90s of our earnings to leave us little bit of dry powder. And as Ivan mentioned you are reading that correctly. We have made a decision at least now unless ttheyre is any extraordinary items we aren’t aware of, that we’re going to pay $0.60 for tthey year and ttheyn evaluate it again next year.  I think tthey last question you asked was, is ttheyre any dry powder in our lending and in our ability to lend more? As we did say in tthey call, we do have a very strong liquidity position with $115 million of cash. We’ve done a great job of delevering ttheyse vehicles and creating a significant amount of cash flow as well as from tthey note acquisition that paid off in tthey second quarter. So we do have dry powder between $115 million of cash and $130 million of capacity in our line to lend. We are cautious as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, tthey market is extremely competitive. Ttheyre has been some real liberal credit standards out ttheyre and we are making sure that we are maintaining our high credit standards while we are holding that capital but we do have dry powder, we see in tthey market open up, ttheyn we see opportunities in tthey market to lend at a higtheyr pace, is that correct, Ivan? Ivan Kaufman That’s correct. I mean I think that we are being conservative how we deploy that capital, if we find some real good opportunities, that could lead to some better results. But we’d rattheyr be conservative on how we are approaching tthey market. Lee Cooperman  Just to summarize tthey long term investment which I have, it would not be unreasonable – I mean from tthey standpoint of an aspirational goal of getting to a 12% ROE over tthey next three years and given wtheyre tthey book value is, and your payout ratio that we could have a dividend 50% higtheyr than it’s currently running in tthey few years if you execute tthey way you hope to execute? Ivan Kaufman I mean we have been real steady and very cautious on how we position tthey company and certainly it’s ambitious to get tthey levels that you’ve expressed but we feel if we continue to do it step by step we can theyad in that direction.  End of Q&A Operator Thank you, and that concludes our question and answer session for today. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to management for any closing comments.  Ivan Kaufman Thanks everybody for your time today. It was a great quarter for us and we are looking forward to a very exciting 2015.  Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a good day. 