Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q4 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call February 14, 2020 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President, Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Ryan Tomasello - KBW Henry Coffey - Wedbush Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to tthey fourth quarter 2019 Arbor Realty Trust earnings conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded [Operator Instructions]. Now, it's my pleasure to turn tthey call over, tthey conference over to your Chief Financial Officer, Paul Elenio. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you Carmen and good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we will discuss tthey results for tthey quarter and year ended December 31, 2019. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. And before we begin, I just want to inform you that Ivan is in transit due to some unforeseen travel issues ttheir morning. His audio sounds clear, but to tthey extent that we lose them, I will pick up their prepared remarks and ttheyn we will get them back. So before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in tthey earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I will now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you Paul and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. We are very excited today to discuss tthey significant success we had in closing out 2019 as well as our plans and outlook for 2020. As you could see from ttheir morning's press release, we had an outstanding fourth quarter with tremendous operating results which continues to demonstrate tthey strength of our brand and tthey value of our operating franctheire. Additionally, tthey significant growth we have experienced in 2019 has provides with a very strong baseline of predictable and stable core earnings theyading into 2020 making us very confident in our ability to comfortably maintain our dividend as well as grow it in tthey future. Over tthey last five years, we have delivered annualized shareholder returns of approximately 30%, significantly outperforming our peers in each and every year. And ttheir performance, combined with tthey quality and diversity of our income streams along with tthey consistency of our earnings and low dividend payout ratio, clearly differentiates us, which is why we believe we can consistently pay tthey lower dividend yield at a substantial premium to our peer group. Focusing now on out 2019 accomplishments, some of our more significant highlights include generating substantial growth in our core earnings allowing us to increase our dividend three times to an annual rate of $1.20 a share up from $1.08 per share, delivering a total return of 54% in 2019 and 175% cumulatively for tthey last five years with an annualized return of approximately 30%, achieving returns on equity of 14.5%, a 35% increase from last two years, producing record originations of $7.6 billion, a 12% increase from our record 2018 numbers, increasing our balance ttheyyet portfolio 30% in 2019 to $4.3 billion, growing our servicing portfolio to $20 billion, an 8% increase from 2018 and a 48% increase over tthey last three years, continuing to be a market leader in tthey non-recourse securitization arena closing two new CLOs totaling $1.3 billion with improved terms and flexibility, achieving significant economies of scale with substantially reduced debt cost in all of our borrowing facilities allowing us to maintain our margin in a very competitive market, raising $450 million of accretive growth capital to fund our growing pipeline and increase core earnings and increasing our market capital approximately $2 billion allowing us to access growth capital more efficiently and effectively. To highlight ttheir incredible success furttheyr, I would like to talk about tthey growth we experienced in our business platforms. In our agency business, we grew our servicing portfolio 8% in 2019 and 20% over tthey last two years. Ttheir servicing portfolio is now over $20 billion with a servicing fee of 44 basis points and having average remaining life of nine years, which reflects a 10% increase in duration over tthey last two years. As a result, we have created a very significant predictable annuity income of $88 million gross annually and growing, tthey majority of which is prepayment protected and ttheir growth in our servicing portfolio also continued to increase our annuity income from our escrow balances which is currently earning $16 million annually for a combined annual run rate of servicing income and escrow earnings of $104 billion, which represents approximately 40% of our total annual revenues. We also produced significant origination volumes, closing $1.3 billion in agency loans in tthey fourth quarter and $4.8 billion for tthey year with strong margin in a very competitive market. And with a diverse origination platform and strong footprint in tthey multifamily affordable housing market, we are confident we will increase our origination volumes in 2020. In addition, as we talked about in our last call, we were active with our new Arbor private label product, which we launctheyd as a result of tthey disruption in tthey agencies during tthey third quarter of last year, we closed $400 million of ttheir product in 2019 and expect to close an additional $200 million to $300 million in tthey next few months and issue our first securitization of around $600 million to $700 million in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. We are pleased with our progress to date and believe ttheir product furttheyr diversifies our lending platform and will also act as a mitigant against furttheyr changes and disruptions with tthey agencies. With respect to our balance ttheyyet business, we have experienced tremendous growth in our loan book. We grew ttheir portfolio 24% in 2018 anottheyr 305 in 2019 on $2.8 billion in originations. Our balance ttheyyet portfolio is now at $4.3 billion and tthey significant growth we experienced will continue to increase our run rate of net interest income growth going forward. And it is also significant [indiscernible] multifamily assets which Paul Elenio And we also have a very robust pipeline which will allow us to meaningfully grow our loan book in 2020 and significantly increase our [indiscernible] Ivan Kaufman In our single family rental business, we continue to make progress in developing our platform. We have closed approximately $150 million of SFR product to-date and we are pleased with tthey opportunities we are seeing to meaningfully grow ttheir business in tthey future and our pipeline continues to grow significantly. We believe ttheir business provides enormous opportunities in both tthey bridge and permit lending products and we are confident that we will build ttheir out to significant driver of yet anottheyr income stream and furttheyr diversify our lending platform. We also continue to have tremendous success through our securitization expertise and our strong banking relationships and substantially reduced our debt costs, which has allowed us to achieve significant economies of scale and maintain our margins in a very competitive market. In tthey fourth quarter, closed our 12th non-recourse CLO with $635 million of assets and significantly improved terms including reduced pricing, increased leverage and a three-year replenishment feature. We were also very successful in tthey fourth quarter in exchanging our 5.25% convertible debt with a new three-year convertible debt issuance with fixed rate of 4.75%. Ttheir transaction had many significant benefits including reducing our interest cost, resetting both our conversion price and dividend protection on tthey new bonds and much higtheyr levels of generating up to $30 million of additional capital to fund tthey growth in our business. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our 2019 results and tthey tremendous success we continue to have with our operating platform and greatly enhancing tthey value of our franctheire. Our results have been truly remarkable and ttheyy consistently outperformed our peers. We have created a strong baseline of diversified predictable core earnings theyading into 2020 and we are also very excited about tthey future growth opportunities across our business lines. It is also important to note that we have made a strategic decision to increase our cash balance, which is approximately $500 million with cash and liquidity on hand for operations. We believe, at ttheir point in tthey cycle, it is very prudent to have submission amount of cash available that will put is in a very offense position as we transition to a different part of tthey cycle. And even with ttheyse high cash balances, we have been able to consistently grow our earnings and dividends and remain very confident in our ability to continue to grow our dividend in tthey future. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you Ivan. As tthey press release ttheir morning indicated, we had a very strong fourth quarter and full year 2019. As a result, AFFO was $42.1 million or $0.34 per share for tthey fourth quarter, excluding a one-time loss in tthey early exchange of our convertible debt securities of $7.3 million and $6.1 million in unrealized gains on theydges related to our private label business. We have excluded tthey theydging gains related to our private label business from tthey AFFO since ttheyse loans have not yet been securitized or sold and tthey earnings process is not yet complete. We intend to adjusted AFFO in tthey future, spreading theydging gains or losses associated with ttheyse loans in tthey quarter in which tthey loans are sold to properly reflect tthey true economics of ttheyse transactions. We also generated ROEs of approximately 14.5% in 2019, representing a significant increase over tthey last two years which continues to demonstrate tthey earnings power of our capital light agency business as well as tthey significant growth and cost efficiencies we are experiencing as we continue to scale our balance ttheyyet business. As Ivan mentioned, we are very pleased with our ability to continue to generate core earnings in excess of our current dividend and remain confident in our ability to comfortably maintain our current dividend as well as grow it in tthey future. Looking at tthey results from our agency business. We generated $37 million of pretax income in tthey fourth quarter on approximately $1.3 billion in originations and $900 million of loan sales. Tthey margin on tthey fourth quarter sales was 1.55% including miscellaneous fees, up from 1.43% all-in margin on our third quarter sales. We also recorded $28 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.2 billion of committed loans during tthey quarter, representing an average MSR rate of around 2.32% compared to 2.02% rate for tthey third quarter, mostly due to a change in tthey mix of our fourth quarter loan production. Our servicing for portfolio also grew anottheyr 8% in 2019 to $20 billion at December 31, with a weighted average fee of approximately 43.8 basis points and an estimated remaining life of 8.8 years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $88 million gross annually, which is up approximately $4 million on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, early runoff in our servicing book continues to produce prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions. Ttheir accounted for $4.7 million in prepayment fees in tthey fourth quarter compared to $5.3 million in tthey third quarter. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio up 30% to $4.3 billion on $2.8 billion originations in 2019. Tthey significant growth continues to increase our core earnings run rate and based on our current pipeline and deep origination network, we remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to grow our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio in tthey future. Our $4.3 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 6.68% at December 31, compared to 7.04% at September 30, mainly due to higtheyr rates on runoff as compared to new originations during tthey quarter and from a reduction in LIBOR which was partially offset by LIBOR floors in a portion of our portfolio. Tthey average balance in our core investments was relatively flat at approximately $4 billion for both tthey third and fourth quarters despite our fourth quarter growth, mainly due to tthey timing of originations and runoff in tthey fourth quarter which tends to be later and tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was 7.18% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 7.31% for tthey third quarter mainly due to higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations and from a reduction in LIBOR which was partially offset by more acceleration of fees from early runoff in tthey fourth quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $3.9 billion at December 31 with an all-in debt cost of approximately 4.35%, compared to a debt cost of 4.65% at September 30, mainly due to a reduction in LIBOR and from reduced borrowing costs on our new CLO in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was up to approximately $3.76 billion for tthey fourth quarter from $3.52 billion for tthey third quarter, mostly due to senior unsecured notes that we issued in tthey fourth quarter and tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities decreased to approximately 4.60% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 4.87% for tthey third quarter, due to a reduction in LIBOR and from lower borrowing costs associated with our new CLO which was partially offset by $1.4 million of non-cash fees that were accelerated from tthey early unwind of CLO VII in tthey fourth quarter. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets increased to 2.58% ttheir quarter compared to 2.44% last quarter mainly due to tthey positive effect of LIBOR floors on a portion of our balance ttheyyet portfolio and from reduced borrowing costs from our recent CLO execution. And our spot net interest spread was down slightly to 2.33% at December 31, from 2.39% at September 30, mainly due to higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations, partially offset by a positive effect of LIBOR floors on a portion of our balance ttheyyet portfolio and from reduced borrowing cost in CLO XII. And lastly, tthey leverage ratios in our core lending assets including tthey trust preferreds and perpetual preferred stock as equity was up to 83% in tthey fourth quarter from 80% in tthey third quarter due to our new unsecured debt issuance and increased leverage on CLO XII. And our overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis was flat at 2.5 to one at both December 31 and at September 30. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. I will now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions. Carmen? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve DeLaney Good morning everyone and Happy Valentine's Day. It's probably not a bad thing for all of us to take one day to think more about love than mortgages. So Ivan, good to have you with us. Can you share with us what your 2019 rankings were with Fannie and Freddie? Paul Elenio I think we were once again for tthey 13th year in a row a top 10 Fannie Mae lender. I think our ranking came in at nine. We were tthey number one Small Balance Lender for Fannie Mae. And for Freddie Mac, I think we were tthey number three Small Balance Lender for tthey Freddie Mac small balance program. Ivan Kaufman That's correct. Steve DeLaney Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn tthey new caps, everybody kind of focuses on tthey $20 billion a quarter, but you can only do $20 billion a quarter at 37.5% if that is affordable. And can you comment on that affordable segment and tthey size of that and how tthey profile of your customer base versus maybe some ottheyr larger lenders might fit in and tthey prospects that your market share with tthey GSEs because of that 37.5% might have a tailwind and might go up in 2020? Paul Elenio Well, we do have one of tthey largest percentages of tthey affordable in meeting tthey housing goals for tthey FHFA. So we are viewed very favorably. And we don't have to scramble like ottheyr lenders do wtheyn doing ttheyir part. On tthey ottheyr hand, we don't know what's going to happen in tthey third and fourth quarter if ttheyy are not meeting ttheyir 37%. But we are being viewed very favorably and being treated very well. Steve DeLaney Okay. Thank you. And you commented on tthey private label that you hope to do a securitization in tthey second quarter. You are $400 million at tthey end of tthey year. What is sort of that target size to do a securitization? Paul Elenio Well, our minimum target size is $350 million. That was tthey minimum target. And because tthey transaction costs get spread out over tthey volume, so getting to $700 million is a significant achievement for us above what we projected transaction costs to be more efficient. Steve DeLaney Great. And that kind of cost, it kind of ties into my last question on that. Can you give us a sense that tthey execution on that and tthey leverage, how you think tthey return on your equity in that private label CMBS might compare with tthey returns you are seeing today on your structured business? Paul Elenio Well, I can't front run tthey market. We are not permitted to do that. Steve DeLaney Understood. Ivan Kaufman But everybody who has goals can understand that credit spreads are tight significantly since we saw tthey origination process. So we are very optimistic in our very efficient execution and we are being viewed very, very favorably in tthey market for having a multifamily-only securitization. And tthey risk retention part by maintaining our own BPs with what we are uniquely qualified to do based on our capital structure. You can look at various [indiscernible] from our investors. So fingers crossed. We are feeling very optimistic and comfortable and could set ttheir platform off to really surge well atheyad of most ottheyr platforms in tthey market. Steve DeLaney And long duration cash flows as well. So thank you. Thank you for all those comments. Thanks Paul. Paul Elenio Thanks Steve. Operator [Operator Instructions]. And our next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Ryan Tomasello Good morning everyone. Ttheir is Ryan Tomasello, on for Jade. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Paul Elenio Hi Ryan. Ryan Tomasello Hi everyone. Just considering tthey potential tailwind that Ivan was just talking about and given tthey affordability component on tthey GSE side and coupled with tthey ramping of tthey SFR business on tthey structured side, can you give us a sense of what you are targeting for originations in 2020 in both of those business, maybe on a nominal or just kind of growth rate basis? Ivan Kaufman So le me give you an overall on our outlook on tthey agency business. It is kind of consistent with my comments last year. What we decided last year was to give flat guidance to our prior originations and pretty similar in tthey future. And it's not so much that we can't originate more, but we have chosen to maintain our margin in our credit. So we didn't grow our agency business as big as some of tthey ottheyr lenders did but that was by choice and design. So our guidance could be maybe slightly higtheyr than what we did last year on tthey agency side. With respect to tthey SFR business, we are so excited about tthey opportunities ttheyre. It's an enormous market. We are assembling and have assembled quite a staff. It's taking time and expense. And while it didn't contribute economically in tthey last year and probably it drained, we are expecting a positive contribution. We are closing about $150 million. That space is divided into three components, as we see it. Single-family rental to build, which we feel we will be tthey dominant lender in and we are very active in that. We are creating tthey product in that space. We have a huge pipeline. And ttheyn we have tthey single-family bridge to securitization of tthey middle market, which is generally people who are buying anywtheyre between 25 to 250 units which we have developed a nice flow and we expect to grow to somewtheyre between $20 million a month in originations. We are currently operating about 410 million originations a month. And more significantly, we are working now to figure out tthey biggest part of tthey market and we are assembling tthey team to do that as well wtheyre we can originate one-off single-family rental loans which is 80% of tthey market. So that business we have invested enormous amount of time. As a management team, we have great theirtory in building platforms to manufacturing capability. So we are extremely excited about it. And we think that's really wtheyre a tremendous amount of growth net additions will come in tthey future. Ryan Tomasello That's very theylpful color, Ivan. And I guess just following up on tthey SFR business. How long do you expect that ramping period to take, just given I am assuming tthey hiring that's necessary in just building out tthey infrastructure? And maybe you can give us a sense or remind us of how tthey returns might vary across those three different buckets that you laid out? And how that compares to kind of tthey typical traditional agency and structured transitional product you originate today? Ivan Kaufman Yes. Jade, I think it's a little premature to have that kind of detailed discussion. But like any entry into a business, tthey margin is generally bigger and as you enter a business on a competitive basis, you gain a franctheire value. So I think as we go quarter-to-quarter, we will talk more about tthey growth in that business as its evolving and we are getting a footprint in it. So I think it would be a little premature but we are pleased with tthey margins we are getting and our relationship we are developing and tthey potentially opportunities. Ryan Tomasello And one last one, Ivan, just regarding tthey environment for multifamily overall. What are you seeing in terms of fundamentals and underwriting? Are you seeing any signs of deteriorating credit performance across tthey market? And what do you really see as tthey biggest risks for multifamily going into 2020. Ivan Kaufman So we think that and that's what we have given guidance of just very modest growth, if any, in tthey agency business, that ttheyre is an excess use of IO, ttheyir cap rates very compressed and tthey is very aggressive lending environment. We are seeing an increased in some taxes across many, many jurisdictions. And we are using a lot of prudence to underwrite tthey expense side as well as understand that traditionally ttheir level of amortization in assets tend to use caution while we are underwriting loans. So we put forward tthey appropriate measures to protect our origination side which affected tthey asset management side. We have deepened tthey [indiscernible]. We have added to that we will continue to work very aggressively to front run potential changes in tthey economic environment and manage our assets and our borrowings accordingly so we can grow well atheyad of tthey curve to anticipate any changes in tthey environment. Ryan Tomasello Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Henry Coffey with Wedbush. Henry Coffey Yes. Good morning and thank you for taking my questions, letting me become part of ttheir small crew theyre. And I do agree with Steve though. I thought it was nice to theyar their voice. Wtheyn we look at tthey data, Fannie, Freddie and recently tthey FHA have started tightening a little bit in tthey summer. And tthey FHA sort of jumped into ttheir on tthey residential side. Wtheyn you look at tthey multifamily business, ttheyy are not as tempered, by past experience ttheyre, but have tthey GSEs started to tighten up a little bit? I mean given your own insight into what's going on, I am sure you are in active dialogue with ttheym. But I was wondering if you could give us some thoughts about that? Ivan Kaufman My answer is, ttheyy have not. Ttheyy have not at tthey moment. Ttheyir underwriting standards continue to be consistent with ttheyir prior year standards. So we will wait and see what ttheyy do. Ttheyy have been pretty consistent along tthey line. Henry Coffey And ttheyn I am equally intrigued with tthey single-family business. It seems to be more of a private than a public market, which is good for you as a lender. Are you looking at tthey full spectrum, which is what it sounds like? And can you give us some sense of what tthey lower end of tthey market looks like in terms of rates and expected losses and risk factors? Ivan Kaufman Yes. Well, it is a private market and that's why we are uniquely positioned with our permanent capital, our securitization ability, our originations capability to really enter that market effectively. Tthey key to tthey biggest part of tthey market which is tthey aggregation of individual borrowers and individual units is wtheyre really I think margin is and tthey growth will come from. That's 80% of tthey single-family to rent market. So we are working really hard on tthey technology side to be able to originate that product effectively. If we are successful, if we can combine that with tthey ottheyr originations we do on tthey single-family rental, we will have significant volume and scale to effectively access securitization market on a very consistent basis. So we are in tthey beginnings. We do have tthey background and tthey capability, tthey franctheire and tthey name and we think ttheir is a real significant year for us to combine all tthey components that I mentioned earlier and build out those platforms. But we are making significant progress on tthey single-family rent market. Tthey single-family build to rent market, which we love, we are developing a very loyal customer base to our originations that work on tthey mid tier borrowers and now we want to build out tthey individual aggregation on tthey individual unit. So we are quite pleased. As I mentioned earlier, I ttheir it's a little early to give any kind of projections, but it's starting to begin to make a contribution for tthey firm's earnings even ttheir year. Henry Coffey Listen, thank you very much and thank you for taking my question. Paul Elenio Thanks Henry. Operator And I am not showing any furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I will turn tthey call back to Ivan Kaufman for their final remarks. Ivan Kaufman Okay. Thank you everybody for your participation and it's been a ptheynomenal 2019. We are extremely optimistic about 2020 and we are very prepared even for a change in tthey cycle as we depend on our balance ttheyyet and we have cash flow accumulating. We will have a very offensive position. So thank again and have a good day. Happy Valentine's Day everybody. Operator And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for participating in today's conference and you may now disconnect.