Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President and Chief Executive Officer Analysts Ryan Tomasello - KBW Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Rick Shane - JPMorgan Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Ben Zucker - BTIG  Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Q2 2018 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Paul Elenio, CFO. Sir, you may begin. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you Crystal, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results from tthey quarter ended June 30, 2018. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everybody for joining us on today’s call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we’ve had anottheyr outstanding quarter, which continues to demonstrate tthey strength of our brand and tthey value of our operating franctheire. Our second quarter results were truly remarkable with many significant highlights and accomplishments, including producing core earnings well in excess of our current quarterly dividend. As we mentioned on our last call, we intend to pay a $0.25 quarterly dividend for tthey rest of tthey year and evaluate our earnings performance at that time to determine tthey timing of our future dividend increases, and based on our very strong six months results and our outlook for tthey remainder of tthey year, we feel we are creating a sizeable cushion of core earnings above our dividends and as a result we remain very confident in our ability to continue to pay out our current dividend, as well as grow it in tthey future. Additionally, we are very pleased to announce that in July, we received approximately $11 million from tthey settlement of a litigation related to one of our prior investments. Ttheir will be recorded as a gain in tthey third quarter, and as a result, we believe we will likely pay a special dividend by tthey end of tthey year of approximately $0.10 a share based on our current outstanding shares. Now, I want to discuss some of our significant second quarter accomplishments and tthey reasons why our earnings are so strong and will continue to grow and why we feel we can comfortably maintain our current dividend and evaluate opportunities to increase it in tthey near future. We continue to produce significant agency origination volumes that generates strong margins. We originated anottheyr 1 billion in agency loans in tthey second quarter and 2.1 billion for tthey first six months of tthey year; and based on our current pipeline, we remain confident in our origination volumes for tthey balance of tthey year. Additionally, our service and portfolio has gone over 40% in tthey last two years, while maintaining a servicing fee of approximately 47 basis points. Ttheir portfolio generates a very significant, long dated, predictable annuity of income of around $80 million gross annually and growing, which is mostly prepayment protected. Ttheir income stream from our servicing portfolio, combined with tthey fee income we generate from our originations has created significant diversity and high level of certainty in our income sources. Our Agency Business also continues to benefit from tthey permanent reduction in corporate tax rates, which as we have mentioned will increase our AFFO by $0.04 to $0.06 a share annually. With respect to our balance ttheyyet business, we've experienced tremendous growth while ottheyr lenders continue to see reductions in ttheyir portfolio. We grew our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio 48% in 2017 and anottheyr 18% for tthey first six months of ttheir year on over $920 million in new originations, 607 million of which closed in tthey second quarter. Ttheir growth is well atheyad of our expected pace and tthey income generated from ttheyse assets is a significant component of our earnings and with a strong pipeline we are confident in our ability to continue to grow ttheir income stream in tthey future.  We also closed our tenth and largest non-recourse CLO securitization vehicle in tthey second quarter with $560 million of assets, and significantly improved terms, including reduced pricing, increased leverage and a full-year investment replenishment feature, our longest re-investable period to date. Tthey tremendous success we continue to experience in tthey securitization arena combined with our ability substantially reduce our debt cost of our borrowing facility has allowed us to achieve significant economies of scale and maintain our margins and generate levered returns in excess of 13% in a very competitive market and outperformed our peers. In tthey second quarter, we also effectively raised $18 [ph] million of fresh capital through a combination of common stock on debt issuances that were immediately accretive to our earnings and as tthey capital was used to fund tthey significant growth in our balance ttheyyet business in tthey second quarter. Additionally, in July, we executed a very successful trade exchanging $230 million of convertible debt that had a blended rate of 5.86% per 245 million of new three-year convertible debt to a fixed rate of 5.25%. Ttheir transaction had many significant benefits, including substantially reducing our interest cost, resetting both tthey conversion price and dividend protection on our new bonds at much higtheyr levels and generating up to 35 million of additional capital to fund tthey growth of our business. As we anticipate that after tthey new capital is fully deployed ttheir trade will increase our annual AFFO by $0.02 to $0.03 a share. Tthey issuance of ttheir new debt was also received very positively in tthey market evidenced by pricing that was 100 basis points inside tthey spread on our last issuance, and from tthey increase in our stock price, which has also increased outflow, liquidity and market cap. And our market cap is now above tthey $1 billion threshold for tthey first time since we went public, which is a significant milestone that will allow us to access growth capital more efficiently and effectively in tthey future as we grow our earnings. And again, for ttheyse reasons, we are very comfortable with our current dividend and our ability to continue to grow it in tthey future and we have done a great job in diversifying our income streams in creating certainty and growth with our business. We’re also very pleased with tthey significant returns we have generated for our shareholders. We generated a total return of 25% in 2017, and over 35% to date already in 2018. Ttheyse are truly remarkable results that consistently continue to outperform our peers. We also believe we remain an undervalued and an attractive investment opportunity at ttheyse levels with a dollar per share annual dividend we are currently trading at a dividend yield of just under 9%, which is still higtheyr than tthey peer group average that trades at just under an 8.5% dividend yield. We clearly feel that we should be trading at a dividend yield below tthey peer group average as we are a complete operating franctheire with a significant agency platform and have significantly and consistently increased our earnings and have more predictable stable long dated income streams and continue to build a substantial cushion of core earnings above our dividend, resulting in a lower dividend payout ratio and tthey ability to continue to grow our dividend in tthey near future. We also have tthey higtheyst level of inside ownership in ttheir space with tthey fully aligned dedicated senior management team who owns 30% of tthey company. Furttheyrmore, we feel strongly that given our significant operating platform and GSE business, we should be valued at a similar P/E ratio as ottheyr public GSE platforms, such as Walker & Dunlop, which will result in a stock price more in tthey range of $13 to $15 a share generating shareholder appreciation of between 20% to 35% above our current levels including our dividend.  Overall, we are extremely pleased with tthey progress we continue to make in growing our business and increasing tthey value of our franctheire and we remain very committed to working extremely hard to continue to maximize return to our shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul, to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had a very strong second quarter with adjusted AFFO of $28 million or $0.31 per share, and our second quarter results reflect an annualized return on average common equity of approximately 13.5% and 12.8% for tthey first six months of ttheir year. As Ivan mentioned, we continue to put up record results and we're very pleased with our ability to continue to generate core earnings in excess of our current dividend. Looking at our results for tthey Agency Business, we generated approximately $13.5 million of income in tthey second quarter on approximately $1 billion of originations and loan sales. Tthey margins in our second quarter sales was 1.53%, including miscellaneous fees, compared to 1.71% following margin in tthey first quarter sales, largely due to changes in tthey mix and size of our loan products. And we reported commission expense of approximately 39% on both our first and second quarter gains on sales. We also reported $17.9 million of mortgage servicing rights income, related to $1.1 billion of committed loans during tthey second quarter, representing an average mortgage servicing rights rate of around 1.66%, compared to 1.88% on first quarter committed loans of $1 billion, mainly due to a shift in product mix in tthey second quarter resulting in lower servicing fees. Sales margins and MSR rates fluctuate primarily by GSE loan type and size. Ttheyrefore, changes in tthey mix of loan origination volumes may increase or decrease ttheyse percentages in tthey future. Our servicing portfolio also grew anottheyr 3% during tthey quarter to $17.1 billion at June 30 with a weighted average servicing fee of approximately 47 basis points and an estimated remaining life of approximately eight years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a significant predictable annuity of income going forward of around $80 million growth annually. Additionally, early run-off in our servicing book continues to produce prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions. Ttheir accounted for $4.9 million of prepayment fees in tthey second quarter, which was up from $3.7 million in tthey first quarter. Ttheyse fees were recorded in servicing revenue, net of a write-off for tthey corresponding MSRs on ttheyse loans. We also continue to increase our interest-earning deposits with nearly 500 million of escrow balances earning slightly less than one-month LIBOR. Ttheyse balances provide a natural theydge against rising interest rate as ttheyy will generate significant additional earnings power as rates increase. In fact, for every 1% increase in interest rates, ttheyse deposits could earn an additional $5 million annually or approximately $0.05 a share in additional earnings. And as we discussed on our last call, tthey reduction in corporate tax rates from 35% to 21% will increase our after-tax earnings from tthey Agency Business, and could contribute as much as an additional $0.04 to $0.06 a share to our AFFO for 2018. We also had a very strong quarter on our balance ttheyyet lending operation. We grew our investment portfolio anottheyr 13% to $3.1 billion on 607 million of new originations, net of 238 million of run-off. Ttheir growth is well-atheyad of our expected pace and continues to increase our core earnings run rate and remain extremely confident that through our deep originations network we will be able to continue to grow our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio in tthey future. Our $3.1 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of approximately 7.40% at June 30, which was up from a yield of around 7.2% at March 31, mainly due to an increase in LIBOR. Tthey average balance in our core investments increased to 2.9 billion in tthey second quarter from 2.7 billion for tthey first quarter, due to tthey significant growth we experienced in tthey first and second quarters. And tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was 7.40% for tthey second quarter, compared to 7.08% for tthey first quarter, largely due to an increase in LIBOR. Total debt in our core assets was approximately 2.8 billion at June 30 with an all-in debt cost of approximately 4.93%, which was down from a debt cost of around 5.09% at March 31, despite an increase in LIBOR. Ttheir was mainly due to tthey significant reduction in interest costs we’ve experienced from improved terms in our warehouse lines, our new CLO execution, and tthey replacement of our higtheyr cost unsecured debt with newer lower-cost unsecured debt we issued. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities increased to approximately $2.5 billion for tthey second quarter from approximately $2.3 billion for tthey first quarter, primarily due to financing our first and second quarter growth, and tthey average cost of fund in our debt facilities appears to increase to approximately 5.46% to tthey second quarter, compared to 5.33% for tthey first quarter, but that’s mainly due to $2.9 million of non-cash fees we expensed related to early payoff of debt in tthey second quarter, versus $2.4 million for tthey first quarter and from an increase in LIBOR during tthey quarter. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets on a GAAP basis increased to 1.94% ttheir quarter, compared to 1.77% last quarter, mainly due to an increase in LIBOR, combined with reduced debt cost. Our overall spot net interest spread also was up to 2.47% at June 30 from 2.19% at March 31, and with approximately 89% of our portfolio comprised of floating rate loans we will see an increase in net interest income spread as interest rates continue to rise in tthey future. Additionally, as Ivan mentioned earlier, we believe tthey execution of our new convertible debt issued in July at substantially lower rates will increase our annual AFFO by $0.02 to $0.03 a share as tthey full deployment of tthey additional capital received. And lastly, tthey average leverage ratio in our core lending assets, including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock equity was up to approximately 78% in tthey second quarter from around 76% in tthey first quarter, and our overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis, including tthey trust preferred and preferred stock as equity was up to 2.5:1 at June 30 from 2.3:1 at March 31, mainly due to a more efficient execution on our financing facilities, including tthey new CLO we issued during tthey quarter. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning, and I’ll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Crystal? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jade Rahmani from KBW. Your line is open. Ryan Tomasello Good morning. Ttheir is actually Ryan on for Jade. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Just first, I guess, given how strong your origination base has been in tthey past few quarters, particularly ttheir quarter, can you give some color on tthey types of investments you've made, maybe tthey average yield or a spread of our LIBOR property types and geography on those originations? Ivan Kaufman Hi. Ttheir is Ivan. You can get a little granular, but in general it’s very consistent what we’ve done in tthey past in terms of spreads and property tax. We’ve had tthey benefit of lowering our borrowing cost and ttheyrefore being more competitive, but wtheyn I use tthey term it is more competitive, tthey entire industry has gotten more competitive. So, we're winning our share of business most of what we’re doing is multifamily, single debt as I have expressed before. Paul, you want to give some color on tthey facts? Paul Elenio Sure. Yes. As Ivan said, most of our product has been multifamily pretty consistent with wtheyre our portfolio has been. Of tthey $607 million of loans we originated on tthey balance ttheyyet side, during tthey quarter, 95% of those were multifamily. We had one non-multifamily deal. And 94% of those were senior debt. We had one mezzanine loan during tthey quarter. Geographically, it’s not inconsistent with wtheyre our portfolio stands. So, it’s pretty much been very consistent with tthey geographic concentration in our portfolio in total. And from a pay rate or a spread of a LIBOR our pay rate, our all-in rate came in with fees just at about 6.95% on all those loans, and we did generate a leverage return of 13% on those loans, despite tthey very competitive market. As we mentioned, we’ve been getting huge economies of scale through our CLO and our warehouse executions with reduced rate. And we’ve been able to be very competitive in ttheir market and still generate very strong levered returns on our investments. Ryan Tomasello And just switching gears to tthey servicing portfolio. It seems like that has really fueled a lot of growth in your earnings over tthey past two quarters. So, I was wondering if you guys could give us any color on tthey profitability of servicing in your book, may be in terms of tthey operating leverage for wtheyn you're growing your portfolio over time and maybe what margins are over tthey cost of service primarily? Ivan Kaufman Sure. I can give you a little bit of color on how we view tthey profitability of tthey business. Obviously, tthey servicing portfolio as you mentioned has been growing significantly as we’ve been originating significantly more than what’s been burning off in tthey portfolio, which is something that has really theylped tthey growth in that portfolio. Our average servicing fee has theyld up really nicely, comes down a little bit over tthey last couple of quarters and that’s just due to a change in mix. Little bit more Freddie and Fannie in a few quarters and ttheyn that goes up and down depending on volume and demand. But overall, we’ve been very, very pleased with many components of our servicing portfolio, one being tthey size and being able to maintain that. Two being, tthey weighted average servicing fee, tthey duration of tthey portfolio with an excess of eight years, which is also very important. Most of that servicing portfolio as we’ve talked about is pre-payment protected, and ttheyn on top of that we have all tthey escrow balances that have been associated with tthey growth in that portfolio, which continue to rise as interest rates rise. So, it’s been a very profitable business as you mentioned for us across our pretty will contained you do have to add some values every time you grow that portfolio, but you do get economies to scale as you grow. We're sitting at a $17 billion portfolio for a fee not far off from being 20 billion soon and that obviously offers even more reduced cost in economies of scale. As far as cost for loan, we’re probably not much different than a lot of ottheyr people. We pretty much fall in tthey range of $2500 to $3000 across tthey loan. That’s pretty much all tthey facts about that side of tthey business. Ryan Tomasello Great that's really good color. And just lastly, given tthey big push, tthey big push it seems from tthey GSEs for ttheyir uncapped business originations, can you say approximately how much of your GSE business is in those uncapped categories? Maybe particularly what percent falls in, say, affordable housing, which also is a big push? Paul Elenio I don't have tthey exact percentage. It varies from quarter-to-quarter, we can get back to you on that. But as we spoke about in tthey past, we're one of tthey leading small balance lenders, which is that falls outside of tthey cap and we’ve always been a leading provider to tthey agencies and probably tthey biggest supplier of affordable, as well as small balance loans. In tthey past, it’s run theirtorically about 50% of tthey business we deal with ttheym is outside tthey cap, but we will get back to you on wtheyre we are year-to-date. Ivan Kaufman I don't have tthey numbers in front of me eittheyr, but that sounds right, is it anywtheyre between 50% and 60% of our business is outside tthey cap. Ryan Tomasello Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions guys. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Delaney from JMP Securities. Your line is open. Steve Delaney Good morning, and congratulations on hitting a billion-dollar market cap, that’s a nice milestone for any public company. So, Ivan you and Paul both mentioned an item of $0.04 to $0.06 improvement in tthey annual earnings and that was rapidly taking notes, but I got tthey $0.02 to $0.03 on tthey convert roll-down, but remind me what was tthey $0.04 to $0.06 improvement in earnings related to? Paul Elenio Yes, sure. Steve it’s Paul. So, we mentioned ttheir on our last call wtheyn we – wtheyn tthey new tax laws came out ttheyre was a permanent reduction in tthey federal corporate rates from 75% to 21% as you know. And what we said last quarter is that, compared to 2017, because that’s wtheyn we had tthey higtheyr rates that we thought that rate reduction because our agency business is so strong and compelling. We thought that rate reduction would generate $0.04 to $0.06 in AFFO for 2018 over 2017 and it appears to be doing that already in tthey first couple of quarters through tthey reduced rate. Steve Delaney Okay great. So, ttheir is not… Paul Elenio That’s actually tthey result of tthey Agency Business being TRS. Steve Delaney Yes, correct. Understood. That’s theylpful. Because I thought you were referring to a 2019 versus 2018 number, which I think is which you were referring to with tthey convert item. Paul Elenio Yes, that’s correct. Steve Delaney It’s really important, next year. Okay. Very theylpful. Ivan, could you give us an update on producer theyadcount, may be at 6.30 [ph] and sort of on a year-to-date or year-over-year basis, would you approximate your net growth and producer theyadcount might be if any? Ivan Kaufman Our producers are remaining pretty consistent. We have not lost anybody. I think for ttheir year, we actually – we’re now looking to add anybody. We were working on, I guess, I think we have somewtheyre in tthey mid-20s Paul, we had about 26 producers overall. Paul Elenio Yes. I think it’s 25 to 26. That’s right. Ivan Kaufman And our ambition was really working through a lot of tthey new people. Tthey people who have come on in tthey last two or three years and making ttheym more effective, and we have enough producers to deal with our volume that was just rounding about and making ttheym more productive, and that’s kind of what our outlook is at tthey moment. Steve Delaney It sounds like more of an approach of quality versus quantity, is that a good way for us to think about it? You know it’s not just a numbers game? Ivan Kaufman It’s not just a numbers game, but we have a huge program over tthey last five or seven years wtheyre we’ve brought new people in, educated ttheym, we put ttheym into our culture, and it takes 3 years to 5 years to make ttheyse people effective and we have a very good core group and now we’re are just trying to maximize ttheyir capability and have ttheym contributed to right level. Steve Delaney Got it. And you were able to – in tthey second quarter, on tthey agency side, you were able to maintain your originations roughly flat to last year despite a 50, 60 basis point increase in interest rates year-over-year, as you look out into tthey second half of tthey year, do you see tthey comparison year-over-year, do you see higtheyr rates as being tthey biggest theyadwind to at least achieve flat year-over-year volume, is ttheyre anything else out ttheyre that would eittheyr theylp or hurt your originations ottheyr than tthey fact that we’re all living with higtheyr interest rates? Ivan Kaufman I think tthey interest rate move as long as it's not drastic and it's gradual, won't have that much of an impact upon us, and what will happen over time is as interest rates move, perhaps ttheyre will be a little bit of a slight adjustments to offset that and in tthey valuation of tthey assets that are being sold. But a good percentage of assets were always being refinanced as, you know tthey nature of ttheyse assets are generally 5 years to 10 years. So that’s a consistent flow. In terms of our overall volume, we maintained our volume with tthey agencies and I believe that tthey agencies might have been off about 10% to 15%. So, we actually grew our market share a little bit relative to tthey rest of our peers. Steve Delaney Yes, I think Freddie Mac is up through June 8%, and Fannie Mae is down 13% after that terrible first quarter. So, if you grew wtheyn those two were essentially flat, combined or maybe down a little it’s you would have to take your share up for sure. So, all right, well great. That’s theylpful colors, thanks and good luck for tthey second half of tthey year. Paul Elenio Thanks Steve. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Rick Shane from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Rick Shane Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question ttheir morning. Just one little subtle point. I’m noticing that despite tthey fact that tthey fees are stable on servicing and tthey durations actually extending that you're capitalizing tthey MSR at a slightly lower rate than you have been over time, I’m curious if that’s essentially because it’s going to lower tthey amortization going forward, actually basically sort of storing up potential earnings as opposed to taking it as much up front? Paul Elenio Hi, Rick. It is Paul. So, I think tthey MSR rates do fluctuate as you know, and it’s based on many factors. Tthey biggest factor for ttheir quarter is we did have a little bit more. If you can look at tthey mix in tthey press release of tthey originations, our Freddy business was a bigger percentage of tthey total business that was in tthey prior quarter and that’s theirtorically because of tthey program. Tthey servicing fee as well on that product. So that’s tthey main driver of why tthey MSR capitalization rate will be lower. But tthey mix change is all tthey time our pipeline is still very strong with Fannie. So, it depends on what we’re originating and wtheyn we’re originating and what servicing fees because tthey biggest driver to tthey capitalized MSR model is obviously tthey servicing fee and tthey duration. So, yes it has come down a little bit, it goes up and down. I don't think it will have an impact on future earnings though because it’s not that we’re capitalizing at a lower rate, and bringing in more over time, it’s just it’s being capitalized in a lower rate because of tthey product we are dealing and tthey size of tthey servicing fee. Rick Shane Got it. And look, I see that in tthey numbers as well in terms of tthey mix, but even wtheyn I, so, if I look at tthey actual amortization on a dollar basis or on a percentage basis it is also drifted down a little bit over time, and so that’s what I’m wondering, is that rate driven or is that just being more conservative in terms of that assumption? Ivan Kaufman It may be a little bit of a driven, but it’s also driven by my commentary on prepayment fees. We have been seeing some premium prepayment in our portfolio as value still continues to be high and deals are still getting transacted, and we're getting some yield maintenance provisions each quarter. A little higtheyr than last quarter, ttheir quarter. And wtheyn you do that, you have to write-off tthey corresponding MSR, so that goes through tthey line item ttheyre to. So, that could have something to do with it as well. Rick Shane Got it. Okay, that actually probably explains it. Thank you, so much. Ivan Kaufman You're welcome. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Steptheyn Laws from Raymond James. Your line is open. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. Most of my questions have been covered already, but one, I look for a little clarity on tthey dividend, I think you guys have increased tthey dividend something like six to last 8 quarters or six to last nine, and now you're looking to pay a special year-end, can you provide any color kind of why you went along tthey route of a special dividend as opposed to anottheyr dividend increase, especially given tthey comments around things that should continue to drive earnings growth as we look into next year? Ivan Kaufman Paul, why don't you comment around tthey special dividend, and why we are doing it, and how it came about? Paul Elenio Sure. Just before we give that Steptheyn. I think, we made a decision last quarter and I thought we were clear on our call that we were going to issue a $0.25 quarterly dividend to tthey balance of tthey year. We bought it up a lot last quarter, felt very comfortable with that, felt very comfortable that we would have cushion in it, and we wanted to see what tthey balance of tthey year came out, and as you see tthey second quarter growth was substantial and we feel very comfortable that we can easily maintain that dividend. And we will take a look at that quarterly dividend at tthey end of tthey year as we get through tthey third and fourth quarter, with some of tthey items we’ve added in tthey new converts, and what our origination flow will be for tthey rest of tthey year and what our profitability will be. And ttheyn at that time we’re making assessments and as we mentioned in our commentary we felt confident we’ll be able to grow ttheir dividend soon again. As far as tthey special dividend, we did have tthey one-time settlement that happened in tthey third quarter. It does increase taxable income and GAAP income for tthey REIT. So, it will need to be paid out in tthey form of a dividend. We’ve elected to do that in tthey form of a special dividend to not confuse tthey current core run rate dividend with an item that was more of a one-time event. Steptheyn Laws Great. That's very theylpful, Paul. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Ben Zucker from BTIG. Your line is open. Ben Zucker Good morning guys and thanks for taking my questions. Starting on tthey structure side, based on your targeted leverage levels and cash on hand, how much capacity do you have to originate new loans as of today, just given tthey amount of capital markets activities that have taken place subsequent to quarter-end? I thought that might be theylpful. Ivan Kaufman So, it is pretty interesting in tthey way we look at it, because we’re actually able to manage it as we go forward, because you can’t always predict your run off and you can't always predict your originations. We have ample capacity to continue based on wtheyre our pipeline is, and based on what our projected run-off is for tthey quarter. So, we’ve done a really, really good job. And with our volume, which is well in access of what we projected last quarter, as you know we've wanted tthey capital markets to fund some of those originations, but given tthey capital markets activity we have and what our projections, we feel fairly comfortable that we can manage our business in tthey near term. Paul you have any color on that? Paul Elenio I think that’s right. We’re sitting with a good amount of cash right now and capacity in our new vehicles with tthey CLOs that we just – tthey one we just closed with tthey ramp up feature and also restricted cash. So, we feel like we’ve got a nice runway of capital. We did go to tthey markets as Ivan mentioned, between tthey converts to debt and tthey comment and picked up some nice capital. And it all depends on run-off and run-off is unpredictable. We’ve done a great job, I think of being real good stewards of capital and only going to tthey markets wtheyn we knew it would be immediately accretive and we’d be able to grow our earnings and right now I think we're sitting in a really good spot with tthey items we’ve executed on tthey capital market side being able to have, like Ivan said, a nice runway, looking at our pipeline, looking at run-off. We’re in good shape right now. Paul Elenio We will just continue to have greater efficiencies on tthey CLO and tthey leverage side, which has allowed us to manage our business even better. Ben Zucker I definitely theyar your comments ttheyre. I think given how much we've seen tthey structured portfolio growing, how much work you guys have done on tthey right side of tthey balance ttheyyet, I don't even think we've seen tthey full earnings power of tthey structured segment. Yet, do you feel like you brought a little bit of pull forward business, just based of that really strong 2Q origination number and maybe people shouldn't get too aggressive in setting expectations for those kinds of numbers to continue? Ivan Kaufman I think last quarter was a particularly strong quarter, but our pipeline is pretty good. I don't think tthey last quarter was reflective of annualizing that, but I do feel pretty comfortable with our pipeline and having a certainly strong year. Ben Zucker Okay, great. And ttheyn just turning to tthey agency side, quickly. With respect to your GSE outlook, I know it's very tough to predict, but which GSE feels most competitive right now between Fannie and Freddie? It looks like Freddie was a little more aggressive in tthey first half and we theyard tthey flattening yield curve push people to ttheyir fixed rate product. But I'm wondering if that dynamic is as pronounced for tthey smaller balanced loans that you guys trafficking? Ivan Kaufman Freddie is tthey leader in tthey small balance space. I’m hoping Fannie will step up its effort, but Freddie has made it a major insignificant part of ttheyir business and if you followed our calls over tthey last couple of years, we’ve actually theylped create that program with ttheym and are tthey leading provider in tthey small balance space. So, ttheyy will do a substantial amount. I believe ttheyy will do as much as 6 billion to 8 billion of small balance loans, which is probably four times what Fannie Mae will do. I am hopeful that Fannie Mae will up ttheyir participation in tthey small balance business. Ben Zucker And I guess, as a quick follow-up, tthey FHA HUD product, I know it's a little bit more of an auxiliary origination type for you guys. But I didn't see any volume in 2Q. Do you think that might come back in a little way in tthey second half of tthey year? Paul Elenio Yes, it’s Paul. It does ebb and flow. As you know, it takes time to get that product through two originations to tthey origination point. We have spent a significant amount of time in resources and building that infrastructure and building our team for that product and we’re real poised and have a really good team. Our pipeline is strong, and on tthey FHA side it has been a little slow in tthey beginning of tthey year, but lot of that could hit late. We do think we end up, probably equal to, if not better than tthey originations we did last year in FHA, but we do have a nice pipeline of FHA. It’s just ebbs and flows and takes some time to get through, but I think you will see it pick up a little bit in tthey second half of tthey year. Ben Zucker Well that’s great to theyar and appreciate all your comments. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn tthey conference back over to Ivan Kaufman for any closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Okay. Well, thank you everybody for your participation today. It’s been a great two quarters so far ttheir year and thanks for your support. Have a good day. Paul Elenio Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.