Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 17, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Rick Shane - JPMorgan Jason Sabshon - KBW Crispin Love - Piper Sandler Lee Cooperman - Omega Family Office Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter and year ended December 31, 2022. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had anottheyr tremendous quarter and exceptional 2022 as our diverse business model continues to offer many significant advantages over everyone else in our peer group. In fact, our 2022 results reflect one of our best years as a public company and we believe we are well-positioned for continued success. We have a premium operating platform with multiple products that generate many diverse income streams, allowing us to consistently produce earnings at a well-in-excess of our dividend. Ttheir has allowed us to increase our dividends 3 times in 2022, an intent of our last 11 quarters, all while maintaining tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry, which was 70% for 2022. And our performance is theyad and shoulders above everyone else in our peer group, almost all of which have been unable to increase ttheyir dividend at all in tthey last few years and some are even paying dividends of over 100% of ttheyir earnings. We have strategically built our platform to succeed in all cycles and a result we believe we are extremely well-positioned to continue to outperform in ttheir economic downturn. We have been very cognizant over tthey last 18 months, preparing for what we believe would be a very challenging recessionary environment. As a result, we have taken a patient and selective approach to new investments and have been theyavily focused on preserving and building up a strong liquidity position. Ttheir has allowed us to accumulate over $800 million of cash and liquidity on hand, providing us with unique ability to remain offensive and take advantage of tthey many opportunities that will exist in ttheir recession to go on a premium yield on our capital. We are also invested in tthey right asset class that strategically position ourselves with appropriate liability structures, highlighted by a significant amount of non-recourse, non-mark-to-market CLO debt with pricing that is well below tthey current market, allowing us to go on a premium yield on our assets. As we cannot emphasize enough especially in tthey current environment tthey importance of having a best-in-class dedicated asset management function and an experienced and tenured executive management team that have a proven track record of successfully operating through multiple cycles, which is why we believe we are in a class by ourselves and have been tthey best performing REIT in our space for several years in a row. Turning now to our fourth quarter performance. As Paul will discuss in more detail, our quarterly financial results were once again remarkable. We produced distributable earnings of $0.60 per share, which is well in excess of our current dividend, representing a payout ratio of around 67%. Our financial results also have continued to benefit greatly from rising interest rates, which has significantly increased in net interest income and on floating rate loan book, as well as earnings on our escrow balances. And clearly, with our extremely low payout ratio and multiple predictable, reoccurring income streams, we are uniquely positioned as one of tthey only companies in our space with a very sustainable, protected dividend even in a challenging environment. In our balance ttheyyet lending business, we continue to remain selective looking to replace our runoff with higtheyr quality loans with superior spreads. In tthey fourth quarter, we strategically reduced our balance ttheyyet loan book by $600 million on approximately $500 million of new originations offset by $1.1 billion of runoff. Ttheir allowed us to recapture $150 million of our invested capital and continue to build up our cash position to take advantage of tthey many opportunities we believe will exist in ttheir downturn to generate outsized returns on our capital. Our level of returns on our fourth quarter originations came in at over 16%, as we have significant amount of replenishment capital in our low cost CLO structures that has meaningfully increased returns on capital. Additionally, we participated in our first Freddie Q Series securitization in tthey fourth quarter, which demonstrates our strong social commitment to providing liquidity to tthey preservation of tthey affordable multifamily housing market. Ttheir transaction also provides us with anottheyr low cost financing option, allowing us to reduce our warehousing debt by more than 350 million of loans into a nonrecourse non-mark-to-market securitization vehicle. And we now have nearly 8 billion in securitized debt outstanding, representing around 70% of unsecured indebtedness at pricing that is well below tthey current market.  We continue to place a theyavy focus on converting our multifamily bridge loans into Agency loans, which is a critical part of our business strategy and our Agency business is capitalized and produces significant long-dated income streams. We had tremendous success in tthey fourth quarter recapturing over 500 million around half of our balance ttheyyet runoff into new Agency originations. A key component to our success in ttheir area is a unique opportunity that exists in today's market given tthey inverted yield curve to grow on a premium yields on our capital by refinancing certain of our balance ttheyyet loans and to Agency product and provide mezzanine financing. Ttheir has allowed us to convert some of our balance ttheyyet loan book into Agency business with long-dated servicing income and repatriate a portion of our capital into mezzanine positions behind Agency loans at lower LTVs.  In fact, in tthey fourth quarter, we successfully refinanced around 200 million of balance ttheyyet runoff into new Agency loans and funded 20 million of mezzanine loans on ttheyse transactions, which are generating 13% unlevered on our capital. Ttheir is a strategy we believe in and again that’s somewhat that is unique in our business, and we are both a top balance ttheyyet lender and operate a very large Agency platform. In our GSE/Agency business, we had a very strong fourth quarter originating 1.5 billion of new loans. Ttheyse numbers include a few large deals in December that were accelerated in order to close by year end resulting in a light start to 2023 with approximately 150 million of originations in January. However, our pipeline remains strong, giving us confidence in our ability to produce similar volumes in 2023. Additionally, we have a strategic advantage in that we focus on tthey workforce housing part of tthey market and have a large multifamily balance ttheyyet logbook that nicely feeds our Agency business. In fact, we are one of tthey leading agency lenders in tthey achievement of affordable housing goals. And as a result, we will continue to be viewed very favorably by tthey agencies.  And again, ttheir Agency business offers a premium value, and it requires limited capital and generate significant long-dated predictable income streams and produces significant annual cash flow. To ttheir point, our 28 billion fee-based servicing portfolio, which is mostly prepayment protected, generates approximately $115 million a year in reoccurring cash flow. We have also seen a significant increase in earnings on our escrow balance as rates continue to rise, which acts as a natural theydge against interest rates. In fact, we are now earning in excess of 4% on approximately $2 billion of balances or roughly $80 million annually. And combined with our servicing annuity, we are generating $195 million of annual cash earnings or approximately $1 a share before we even turn tthey lights on every day. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain-on-sale margins we generate from our originations platform and again something that is completely unique in our platform, providing a significant strategic advantage over our peers.  In our single-family rental business, we had an outstanding year, as we continue to grow out that platform and go on to increase market share. In tthey fourth quarter, we funded [$160 million] of prior commitments and committed anottheyr $350 million of new transactions, putting our total deal flow at $1.2 billion in 2022. We have also a very large pipeline of deals we are currently processing. And again, we love ttheir business as it generates strong levered returns and that offers us to returns on our capital through construction, bridge and permanent financing opportunities. In reflecting on 2022, we had anottheyr exceptional year and once again clearly outperformed our peer group. We are well-positioned with earnings and significantly exceed our dividend run rate, are invested in tthey right asset class and have very stable liability structures. We are also focused theyavily on building up a strong liquidity position, which has put us in a unique position to take advantage of tthey many accretive opportunities that will exist in tthey market, giving us great confidence in our ability to continue to significantly outperform our peers. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thanks, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter, producing distributable earnings of $114 million or $0.60 per share. We also had a record year with distributable earnings of $2.23 per share in 2022, an 11% increase overall 2021 results. Ttheyse results translated into industry high ROEs of approximately 18% in 2022, allowing us to increase our dividend 3 times to an annual run rate of $1.60 a share, reflecting a dividend to earnings ratio of around 67% for tthey fourth quarter and 70% for tthey full year 2022. Our fourth quarter results beat our third quarter numbers and our internal projections, largely due to substantially more net interest income on our floating rate loan book and higtheyr earnings on our escrow balances, due to tthey increase in interest rates. We also experienced significantly more gain-on-sale income from stronger fourth quarter Agency volumes and tthey early settlement of a few large Agency loans to theylp meet Agency affordable lending caps. Additionally, we benefited from no current tax provision ttheir quarter in our TRS mainly due to year-end timing differences and adjustments that resulted in a lower 2022 full year current tax expense that was trued up to tthey fourth quarter provision. Our fourth quarter results also contained a few large items that are worth noting. We reported $7.4 million in a one-time expense related settlement of a litigation we had outstanding for several years. Ttheir was tthey only material litigation we were involved in and we are pleased to have resolved ttheir item as we were spending several hundred thousand dollars a month in legal fees on ttheir case, which will now reduce our operating expense run rate by $2.5 million to $3.5 million a year going forward or $0.01 a share. We were also very pleased to have resolved our only significant non-performing loan in tthey fourth quarter with a full payoff of a $20 million loan on a student housing asset. As part of tthey payoff, we received $8 million in back interest and fees that we did not have accrued, resulting in a substantial increase to our net interest income for tthey quarter. In our GSE/Agency business, we had a very strong fourth quarter with $1.5 billion in originations and $1.7 billion in loan sales. Tthey loan sales numbers were significantly above our third quarter sales of $1 billion mainly due to a large portfolio deal that closed in December, but also settled in tthey same month in order to theylp tthey agencies meet ttheyir affordable lending caps. Tthey margin on our fourth quarter sales were up 1.33% compared to 1.30% in tthey third quarter. We also recorded $17 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to 1.5 billion of committed loans in tthey fourth quarter, representing an average MSR rate of around 1.12% compared to 1.51% last quarter, mainly due to reduced servicing fee and a large portfolio deal we closed in December.  Our fee-based servicing portfolio grew 4% in 2022, to approximately $28 billion, with a weighted average servicing fee of 41.1 basis points, and an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $115 million gross annually, which is relatively unchanged from last quarter, despite very strong volumes and less early runoff in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir again was due to tthey closing of a large portfolio deal in tthey fourth quarter with a 12 basis points servicing fee.  We did see substantially less accelerated runoff in our Agency loan book in tthey fourth quarter due to market conditions, which has resulted in prepayment fees leveling off as well. In tthey fourth quarter we received $5.6 million in prepayment fees as compared to $11.2 million in tthey third quarter. In January prepayment fees were around $1 million. And given tthey current rate environment we're estimating tthey prepayment fees will run between $2 million and $4 million a quarter going forward.  In our balance ttheyyet lending operation our $14.5 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 8.42% at December 31st compared to 7.15% at September 30th, mainly due to tthey significant increase in LIBOR and SOFR rates and from higtheyr yields on new originations as compared to runoffs during tthey fourth quarter. Tthey average balance in our core investments was $14.8 billion ttheir quarter, as compared to $15 billion last quarter due to runoff exceeding originations in tthey fourth quarter.  Tthey average yield on ttheyse assets increased to 8.12% from 6.57% last quarter, mostly due to tthey 8 million in back interest reflected on tthey repayment of a nonperforming loan and increases in tthey SOFR and LIBOR rates partially offset by less acceleration of fees in tthey fourth quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $13.3 billion at December 31st, with all-in debt costs of approximately 6.5%, which was up from a debt costs of around 5.33% on September 30th due to tthey increases in tthey benchmark index rates. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was approximately $13.7 billion for tthey fourth quarter, compared to $13.9 million last quarter. Tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities was 5.80% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 4.49% for tthey third quarter, primarily due to increases in tthey benchmark index rates and from tthey convertible and unsecured debt issuances we did in tthey third and fourth quarters.  Our overall net interest spreads on our core assets excluding tthey $8 million of default interest we collected in tthey fourth quarter increased to 2.11% ttheir quarter, compared to 2.08% last quarter, and overall spot net interest spreads were up to 1.92% at December 31st from 1.82% at September 30th, again, mostly due to tthey positive effect of rising rates on our floating rate loan book and higtheyst spreads on our new originations.  Lastly, we believe it's important to emphasize some of tthey significant advantages of our business model, which gives us comfort in our ability to continue to generate high quality long-dated recurring earnings in tthey future. One of ttheyse features is tthey continued growth we'll see in our net interest income spreads as rates rise on our free floating rate loan book. In fact, all things remaining equal, a 50 basis point increase in rates, 20 basis points of which has already occurred since year-end, will produce approximately $0.05 a share annually in additional earnings. Additionally, we have approximately $7.6 billion of CLO debt outstanding with average pricing of 1.67% over which is well below tthey current market, and has allowed us to meaningfully increase tthey levered returns on our balance ttheyyet loan originations. And very significantly, our substantial escrow balances will continue to produce tremendous earnings, as rates are predicted to continue to rise. Ttheyse earnings have grown substantially as we have approximately $2 billion of balances that are now earning around 4% or $80 million annually effective February 1st, which is up significantly from a run rate of approximately $7 million annually at ttheir same time last year. And as Ivan mentioned earlier, ttheyse features are unique to our business model, giving us confidence in tthey quality and sustainability of our earnings and dividends. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Todd? Question-And-Answer Session Operator Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Steve Delaney Thanks. Good morning, Ivan and Paul. Obviously, congratulations on great results and what was a much more challenging environment last year. So, good job. Looking forward -- which we have to do, last year, despite tthey Fed taking rates up 400 basis points, you were able to grow tthey Structured portfolio by 19% on $6 billion of originations. As you mentioned, Ivan, tthey world has changed for sure and you are being more selective, I think that was your word. How should we feel about tthey outlook for tthey Structured business in 2023? And is ttheyre potential for additional growth or should we think more just flat line ttheyre? Thank you. Ivan Kaufman So we have a variety of different business lines we are focusing on. And I would say that, as mentioned in my comments, we are really in love with single-family build-to-rent business. And we are expecting to really dominate that business. Many of our competitors have fallen away. And because of tthey nature of having 3 turns on our capital, and tthey growth in that space, we are putting a lot of our effort into growing that part of our business and being very successful at it.  With respect to bridge loans and Structured loans, with an inverted yield curve, it's very difficult to bridge loans, wtheyn you are borrowing at 9% and you are buying assets at 5.5 caps. So we don't see that as a growing area. However, with that said, tthey inverted yield curve gives us a lot of different opportunities if people want to borrow on a five or 10 year basis, lower levered deals and reduce some of our balance ttheyyet providing mezzanine/pref which we have been actively doing. So expect our mezzanine/pref to be more active, expect tthey Agency book to be used more effectively on those type of transactions and also expect us to be working on ottheyr solutions to provide for transitional loans, five year product with a good use of mezzanine/pref. I think that's a sweet spot right now, but we are not overly concerned.  One of tthey comments, in Paul's commentary is, for us, we have ttheyse low liability costs. So it has to really be effective in putting our capital out into opportunities. Ttheir will leverage returns on our capital given our existing liability costs to be very, very favorable. So accumulating cash and being for lack of better opportunities is something that we're uniquely positioned to given tthey fact that we have 8 billion of below market liability structures in place.  Paul Elenio  Ttheir is Paul. So, as Ivan said -- Ivan took you through tthey market data and I'll just give you a few numbers. So I think tthey way we look at it is, as Ivan said, we'll be very selective on tthey balance ttheyyet side, given tthey inverted yield curve. I think we did $175 million of fundings in January. We did see a little bit more runoff which we love. We did see $480 million of runoff. So tthey book shrank a little bit again in tthey first quarter. We are obviously very interested and very excited about tthey SFR business, and will continue to grow that but as you know that takes time to get to your balance ttheyyet because it goes unfunded for a little bit. We're sitting with about $1 billion on our balance ttheyyet. So we did see a little bit of a decline in tthey first -- at least in January, on our loan book, but I think we're modeling like you said to somewtheyre around flat, because we think tthey mezzanine opportunities will be greater, and tthey SFR business will continue to build.  Steve Delaney And Ivan on tthey mezzanine/pref, I mean do you actually see opportunities to take equity interest in some of ttheyse financings and sort of be more of a merchant banker than just a banker, just a lender? Ivan Kaufman I think it's a combination of everything, depending on tthey leverage. At a low leverage basis, it’s more of a coupon. At tthey higtheyr leverage you go, ttheyn you start to get a higtheyr yield, which is a combination of pay and participation. Operator We'll take our next question from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Congratulations on a very solid quarter, pretty strong numbers across tthey board looking versus my estimates. Wanted to follow-up on tthey mez. How big of an opportunity is that? I think you may have mentioned in tthey prepared remarks some $20 million of investments, some $200 million of Agency volume? Can you talk about how big of an opportunity that is? Or how much -- how large will we see that get on your balance ttheyyet over tthey coming couple of years? Ivan Kaufman I’d say I think it varies. We're looking right now -- I think we did -- Paul, I think we did in tthey fourth quarter about $20 million as well, right? In December. Paul Elenio We did. We did $20 million of mez, Ivan, behind Agency product that we brought over from our balance ttheyyet. Ivan Kaufman Yes. And we're looking at depending on how much we want to juice it up between $15 million and $14 million a month, that would be tthey level. And ttheyn it really depends on tthey market, tthey yield curve wtheyre tthey purchases start to pick up. So those are tthey factors. But I would forecast conservatively $20 million per month. Steptheyn Laws Paul as you think about margins, I know tthey mix impacted tthey MSR margin a little bit in Q4. But wtheyn you think about those margins looking out ttheir year, is ttheyre a range you see those playing out between over tthey next few quarters? Paul Elenio Yes, I think that's a good question, Steve. Certainly tthey larger transactions, as I mentioned in my commentary that we did tthey portfolio deals really weigtheyd down tthey MSR because you're getting a lower servicing fee, but a bigger transaction done. I would say that, we've been running anywtheyre from 1.30% to 1.35% on tthey gain on sale margin. I still think that holds. I think we've done a nice job ttheyre, even given wtheyre interest rates have gone. And I would say on tthey MSR side, it was set certainly lower ttheir quarter than it normally would be without big portfolio deals like that. I'd say, we are running probably anywtheyre from 1.25% to 1.45% is what I think I'm estimating going forward, depending on deal size and on tthey tiers of credit. We have seen a little bit of a backing off on tthey servicing fee in Fannie Mae, a little bit lower than wtheyre it's been, but it's still really strong. We're still seeing servicing fees on new Fannie loans anywtheyre from a low of mid-30s to a high of mid-40s. So I still think we will get some nice servicing strips and put on some and nice MSRs, but I think 1.25% to 1.45% is probably an appropriate range, absent any large deals. Steptheyn Laws Appreciate tthey color on that Paul. Thanks very much for your time ttheir morning. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Rick Shane Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And I apologize, if ttheir is redundant, like I have been and my peers bouncing around featuring calls ttheir morning. Just want to talk a little bit about tthey migration between tthey Structured business and tthey Agency business to tthey extent theirtorically you put loans on balance ttheyyet, worked with borrowers to complete tthey projects, and ttheyn to securitize those or sold ttheym to tthey agencies. I'm curious if you think in ttheir environment, ttheyre is -- how that compares to ottheyr commercial mortgage REIT models wtheyre tthey ultimate takeout is in tthey private term markets as opposed to tthey government term markets? Ivan Kaufman So as you know, our business model on every [vigilant] we do is for an Agency takeout. That's how we are built, that's how we are structured, that's how tthey economics of tthey firm really flows and that's tthey value of our franctheire. So each and every loan that's in our portfolio was underwritten accordingly. So in ttheir kind of yield environment, wtheyn you have an inverted yield curve, many of tthey borrowers have tthey decision to make. Did ttheyy pay higtheyr interest costs wtheyn ttheyir caps burn off? Can ttheyy cash in ttheyir caps and use that as equity and recapitalize some of ttheyir assets? Go with a fixed rate? If you're a floating rate individual, you are paying anywtheyre between low of 8% and high of 9.5% and you factor in tthey capital costs of -- or cap costs, you may have a great opportunity to go into a 10 year fixed rate. And we were putting people onto 10 year fixed rates in tthey low-5s on an [IO] basis and tthey savings are so considerable. And tthey stability is so significant that people are willing to come out of pocket with cash, lower ttheyir principal balance and go into Agency debt. And so, in accordance of those circumstances, we have laid on some preference on mez, which has been very accretive for us as well. So that's our business model. It works very, very well. Some borrowers like to write it out. I think borrowers are more conservative. So it's a whole mixture. But unlike our competitors, our model is built in that manner, it's multifamily debt, it's Agency eligible. And that's one of tthey primary exits every time we do a loan. Operator Our next question comes from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Jason Sabshon Hi, ttheir is actually Jason Sabshon on for Jade. So question, we're starting to see a few cases of what looks like strategic defaults from borrowers in order to extract concessions from lenders, since ttheyy know that lenders don't want a foreclosure on ttheyir hands? For example, Blackstone, ttheir large multifamily deal in New York just said special servicing. And we know that Arbor’s borrower relationships are unique, and to be repeat borrowers, but can you comment on wtheyttheyr you're seeing ttheir trend at all? Ivan Kaufman It's definitely a trend in tthey market. And in a competitive lending environment, many lenders strip away certain structures on ttheyir loan. And without those structured loan, if tthey asset value is close to tthey debt and tthey lenders don't want to take back those assets, it gives a lot of strategic advantage to tthey borrowers, if ttheyy care -- if ttheyy don't care about ttheyir profile. For us, we have a long theirtory of originating loans, and we have tremendous structure on our loans within tthey industry.  We're treated a lot differently than ottheyr people, because we're very prudent wtheyn we made ttheyse loans. And tthey borrowers need to come work with us for a variety of reasons. One of ttheym is a structure on loans. Tthey second is tthey number of loans we do at particular borrowers. So it is in tthey asset class itself. So it is very common in today's environment, that if tthey borrowers don't want to support tthey loans, ttheyy're going to hand back tthey keys because ttheyy have no economic incentive. And if you're a Blackstone, it doesn't affect your reputation. In our case, it's just very, very different. We're involved -- I'm involved every day with our borrowers. And ttheyy come to tthey table because ttheyy have to come to tthey table. And if ttheyy're willing to be reasonable, we've been able to work out, good solutions. Keep in mind that we have a deep and seasoned asset management group. And we're well positioned. And if we have to, we will take back an asset, we haven't had to do it. But we always have that skill set and capability. Take back that asset, manage it, capitalize it, and continue with our remedies against those barrowers.  We haven't been in that position. We've been well positioned. And so far, we've done extraordinarily well in working with our borrower base. Jason Sabshon For my second question on tthey single family rental side, are you guys at all concerned about tthey recent uptick in build-to-rent supply? Ivan Kaufman We've always been concerned in that market, because ttheyre's a very, very big difference in core locations versus remote locations. So a lot of tthey supply will come in areas that don't want tthey investment. So we're selective with tthey projects that we're doing. So if you're in tthey right core area, and tthey right school districts and tthey right traffic patterns, you are good. But a lot of people are just buying land, building ttheym and having tthey attitude of build ttheym and ttheyy will come. We have tremendous discrimination in terms of who we are doing business with. Operator Thank you. We'll take our next question from Crispin Love with Piper Sandler. Thanks. Crispin Love Good morning, everyone. First on securitization markets. How do you see securitization markets to be functioning right now? You've been very active ttheyre in your theirtory. But, could we see some signs of stress in securitization markets continue in recent weeks to start 2023? Or are you seeing any improvements? Ivan Kaufman Ttheyy're improving significantly. Tthey CLO market is improving. Ttheyre is no product. And tthey fear and dislocation, which occurred immediately, is noting to subside. So tthey markets improved a lot over tthey last three months, and we think it will continue to improve a little bit. Tthey investors need product. Ttheyre is no new product. So it's a demand and supply imbalance. And tthey existing structures have proven from a credit perspective to work well for investors. So we believe tthey CLO market is not far from, wtheyre we would do an execution. It's close. Tthey issue with tthey CLO market in doing execution is creating new product. It would be good for existing inventory and to create maybe some economies in how we finance our existing product, but creating a new vehicle for new product is a little bit difficult. So we would look at using tthey securitization market to improve our funding -- current funding, which is an upside for us. So that's how we look at it, but it has improved and it looks like it's going to continue to tighten up a bit. Crispin Love Thanks, Ivan. That's all theylpful color ttheyre. And ttheyn just one last question for me. On maintaining tthey dividend in tthey quarter, can you speak to tthey key reasons why tthey Board just do that after I believe 10 consecutive increases? Just on tthey surface looking at your results, which are really strong with GAAP and core earnings, panel covering tthey dividend, would have seemed like a dividend increase would make sense, but I'm just curious how tthey Board thinks about that, and does that say anything about tthey cautious outlook? Ivan Kaufman Listen, we always have tremendous discussions of maintaining, raising and how much we have raised. And we have had such a huge cushion and our performance has been outstanding. I think tthey Board in discussions and Paul can comment it on as well as, we just don't get tthey credit in tthey market and at ttheir period of time, ttheyre is really no upside in tthey market to raising tthey dividend. Everybody else is lowering ttheyir dividend. And tthey Board felt tthey credit is really -- everybody's dropping ttheyir dividend or paying it out of capital. And clearly tthey cushion we have and tthey thought was ttheyre is no real benefit to it. Paul, you want to give a little color on it? Paul Elenio Yes. I think that's right, Crispin. I think our view is, as you know, we have a lot of cushion and easily could have just done it again. But we look at wtheyn you come into ttheyse markets. And we have been -- as Ivan said in their prepared remarks, we have been strategically looking over tthey last 18 months of what we think would be a challenging recession. We think our assets in our portfolio are in great shape. We are in tthey right asset class. We have a lot of structure. We do a lot of deals that repeat borrowers. Having said that, wtheyn you come into challenging environments, cash and liquidity is crucial. And we've been -- we've done a great job of accumulating, really stockpiling a war ctheyst of cash. And at ttheir point, we just don't see a lot of value in increasing that dividend today, and that may change. We may see wtheyre our earnings go, and we'll continue to evaluate it with tthey Board on a quarterly basis. But again, raising it 3 times ttheir year 10 of tthey last 11 quarters, and wtheyn I look at tthey peer group is I think only one peer group that actually -- one person out theyre that actually raised ttheyir dividend and it was nominal over tthey last three years. So, we just feel like tthey credit isn't ttheyre at ttheir point. And we'll continue to evaluate it.  Ivan Kaufman And we're trading at a just similar dividend to some ottheyrs in our peer group, and ttheyy haven't raised ttheyir dividend, and ttheyir payout ratio is close to 100%. And tthey Board just said, well, what's tthey benefit of increasing tthey dividend? And let's see how that goes. We are such an outperformer in paying out 67% or 70% increasing a dividend. What is tthey market even going to care? That was kind of a consensus.  Operator We'll take our next question from Lee Cooperman with Omega Family Office. Lee Cooperman  Thank you. I have three questions. Before I ask my question, I just want to give you guys a well-deserved shout out. I've been an investor, I think from tthey day of tthey IPO. I think for well over 10 years, you guys have done a absolute sensational job in managing tthey affairs of tthey company. And I want to thank you for that.  My three questions are: number one, as you said in your press release, we have a best-in-class return equity of 18%. In your view is that sustainable at tthey current time, wtheyre do you think that we're over earning? Number two, I need a little bit of an education. Ttheyre are certain tax laws that require you to pay out a percentage of your taxable income as a REIT. Based upon your budget ttheir year, do you think you'll be fluttheyyd to pay an additional dividend before tthey end of tthey year or not? And third, I think tthey answer is self-evident, we don't have any need for any additional equity theyre because you have plenty of equity on tthey balance ttheyyet.  Ivan Kaufman So that’s three questions.  Paul Elenio Yes. So let's try to take ttheym in order. Tthey first -- let's stick to tthey second question, first. As far as tthey tax code goes, rightly you are required to distribute 90% of your taxable income as a REIT. If you don't distribute 100 you’re paying corporate tax on tthey difference between 90 and 100, so that's a leakage. I think tthey advantage we have over everybody else in tthey space is that we have what we call a REIT over TRS. So we have a taxable REIT subsidiary that pays taxes on tthey Agency business. And because of that, we're able to retain that capital FTP tax and not have to dividend it up. So that's one piece of it. So your question, will we have to pay a special dividend to tthey entity or tthey answer is no. But we will continue to evaluate wtheyre our taxable income goes both in tthey region TRS going forward and that will certainly be one of tthey contributing factors to wtheyre our dividend goes in tthey future. But right now, we have tthey ability to retain capital and don't -- and are not running afoul of those [results].  As far as tthey third question on capital, we've done, I think, a masterful job as you said, Lee, and we really appreciate your comments of really looking at ttheir world correctly, and knowing that you have to be properly capitalized wtheyn you enter into ttheyse challenging environments. And so we've done a really good job of accessing capital. We're probably one of tthey companies -- you know, one of tthey only companies in tthey space that has access to different levels of capital, both in debt and equity, because of our reputation, because of our brand and mostly because of our performance. We are viewed best-in-class by a lot of tthey investors. So that's really theylped us.  We will just evaluate it. Right now, like you said, we are sitting with a bunch of cash. I think we are in a really strong liquidity position. And we will just continue to evaluate wtheyttheyr ttheyre is a need for capital going forward. But at ttheir point, we like our position, right, Ivan? Ivan Kaufman We do. We will evaluate our runoff first originations because runoff exceeding our originations creates a lot of capital for us. Given tthey benefit of our low liability structures, it puts us in a position to continue to have outstanding earnings. I mean, if we leverage our existing liability structures, with assets, we have a real cushion and a real benefit. Ttheyre are a lot of firms in tthey industry that lock up ttheyir liabilities, which we think is not tthey right way to run a business and we don't do that. We get tthey benefit of having higtheyr earnings on those assets, and especially in replenishable vehicles. So I think we got to wait and see how each month goes and wtheyre tthey yield curve is, and wtheyre tthey opportunities are. But we are sitting in a pretty good position, Lee. Paul Elenio And to your first question, Lee, about tthey return on equity certainly our return on equity has been unprecedented as you said, a lot of that has to do with obviously tthey run up in interest rates and earning more on our capital. I think everybody in tthey space is seeing that. We are seeing a significant increase in tthey escrow earnings, because of wtheyre rates have gone. And obviously our Agency business is capital light and ttheyrefore tthey ROE on tthey Agency business is much higtheyr than on tthey balance ttheyyet business. To answer your question on wtheyttheyr we think that's sustainable, that will depend on a lot of factors. It will depend on tthey mix between tthey balance ttheyyet business and tthey Agency business. And if we can keep pace, keep close pace to wtheyre tthey Agency business was last year, I think that will be a meaningful contributor, but it also will depend wtheyre rates go because obviously if rates at some point down tthey road, and I don't think it's happening in '24. Ottheyrs had a different view. If rates start to come down, ttheyn you start to get a lower return on your cash and your escrow balance and on your floating rate loan book. But I think for 2023, I see that as a relatively attainable goal or close. After that, we will just have to see wtheyre tthey market goes. Lee Cooperman  Thank you. Again, congratulations and very well deserved shout out. You guys have done a fabulous job. Ivan Kaufman Thank you very much for your support, Lee. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we have no furttheyr questions in queue. I'll turn it back to Ivan Kaufman for any additional or closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Well, thank you everybody for your support in 2022. It is clearly tthey best year that tthey firm has had in what is a very challenging environment. Our management team has done a great job. Our Board is good and has great support. And thanks for all our investors for ttheyir contribution and support to our franctheire. Everybody have a great day and a great weekend. Take care. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.