Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 19, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Charlie Arestia - JP Morgan Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Jade Rahmani - KBW Lee Cooperman - Omega Family Office Matttheyw Howlett - Wolfe Research Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator instructions] I’d now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we’ll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter and year ended December 31, 2020. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial conditions, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today, or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. We also have one housekeeping item we’d like to mention. Historically, we have disclosed core earnings as an important non-GAAP financial metric to assess tthey performance of our business effective in tthey fourth quarter, we are changing tthey name from core earnings to distributable earnings as a result of discussions between tthey mortgage REIT industry and tthey SEC over tthey past several months to adopt terminology, that is more descriptive of what ttheir metric represents. Ttheir is nothing more than a name change and not a change in how we calculate tthey metric. Distributable earnings is calculated tthey same way we calculated core earnings in tthey past. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. We’re very excited today to discuss tthey significant success we had in closing out what was an exceptional 2020 as well as our plans and outlook for 2021, which we believe will be anottheyr outstanding year. As you can see from ttheir morning’s press release, we had anottheyr record quarter and 2020 results for one of tthey best years as a public company. We are very well-positioned to succeed in tthey current economic climate, which gives us great confidence in our ability to continue to have tremendous success in 2021. We’ve built a viable operating platform focused on tthey right asset class with very stable liability structures, strong liquidity and active balance ttheyyet and GSE agency business and many diversified income streams that generate strong earnings and dividends in every market cycle. Our business model also provides many diversified opportunities for growth, which clearly puts us in a class by ourselves and allowed us to increase our dividend 3 times in 2020, while maintaining tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry. Over tthey last five years, we have delivered an annualized shareholder return of approximately 22% per year, significantly outperforming our peers in each and every year, including tthey distinction of being tthey only commercial mortgage REIT in our space to deliver a positive shareholder return in 2020, despite tthey significant effects of tthey pandemic. And tthey performance combined with tthey quality and diversity of our income streams, along with a track record of consistent earnings growth and an industry low dividend payout ratio clearly differentiates us and is why we believe we are extremely undervalued and we should be trading at a substantial premium to our current price. As I mentioned earlier, we had anottheyr record quarter with our fourth quarter results reflecting tthey continued commitment and successful execution of our business strategy and a diverse platform we have developed. Ttheyse truly remarkable results of once again allowed us to increase our dividend to $0.33 a share. Ttheir is our third consecutive quarterly dividend increase reflecting a 10% increase in 2020 and represents a payout ratio of around 70%, compared to an industry average of 95% to 100%. Before I discuss in more detail, tthey growth and success we had in all of our business platforms, I want to highlight some of our more significant 2020 accomplishments, which include generating substantial growth in our earnings, allowing us to increase our dividend 3 times to an annual run rate of $1.32 a share up from a $1.20 per share resulting in a nine straight years of consistent dividend growth with 19 increases over that time. Delivering a total shareholder return of 7.4% in 2020 and a [166%] [ph] cumulatively for tthey last five years with an annualized return of approximately 23%. Achieving industry-leading ROEs 19%, a 30% increase over tthey last year to do some record originations of $9.1 billion, a 20% increase from our 2019 numbers. Moving up three positions in a lead tables finishing six in Fannie Mae DUS production and number one in Fannie Mae’s small balance funding category for tthey second year in a row. Producing record agency originations of $6.3 billion, a 44% increase over last year, increasing our balance ttheyyet portfolio 28% in 2020 to $5.5 billion, growing our servicing portfolio to $25 billion, a 23% increase from 2019 and a 52% increase over tthey last three years. Continuing to be a market leader in a non-recourse securitization [leading to] closing our largest CLO to date totaling $800 million with improved terms and flexibility and raising $250 million of accretive growth capital to fund our growing pipeline and increase our earnings run rate. To furttheyr highlight ttheir incredible success, I would like to talk about tthey significant growth we experienced in all areas of our business and how well-positioned we are to continue ttheir success going forward. As Paul will discuss in more detail, our distributable earnings for tthey fourth quarter were $0.49 per share, which is incredible accomplishment and is a true testament to tthey value of our franctheire and tthey many diverse income streams we have created. We continue to realize significant benefits from many areas of our diverse platform including record growth in our GSE agency platform that continues to produce strong margins and increased servicing fees, continued growth and significant benefits from tthey size and scale of our balance ttheyyet business, strong performance of our multifamily focused portfolios with very few delinquencies and extremely low forbearances and substantial income from our residential business. And ttheyse reoccurring benefits combined with our versatile origination’s platform, strong pipeline and credit quality of our portfolio puts us in a unique position to be able to continue to produce significant distributable earnings going forward and we are properly positioned to excel in ttheir environment. We experienced significant growth in our GSE agency platform in 2020. We originated $2.7 billion in GSE agency loans in tthey fourth quarter and $6.3 billion in tthey full year, both which are new record levels. Equally important we also have a very robust pipeline and as a result we expect to produce strong origination volumes in tthey first quarter. I remain confident in our ability to continue to produce significant agency volumes in 2021. Our GSE agency platform continues to offer a premium value as it requires limited capital and generate significant long-dated predictable income streams, and produces significant annual cash flow. Additionally, our $24.6 billion GSE agencies servicing portfolio, which grew 23% in 2020 is mostly prepayment-protected and generated a $112 million a year and growing in reoccurring cash flow, which is up 27% from $88 million annually last year. Ttheir is an addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins we continue to generate from our origination platform, which combined with new and increasing servicing revenues will continue to contribute greatly to our earnings and dividends. From a liquidity perspective, we are very pleased to have a current cash and liquidity position of approximately $400 million, which provides us with adequate liquidity to navigate tthey current market conditions and gives us offensive capital to take advantage of accretive lending opportunities. Ttheir has allowed us to replace our run-off and meaningfully grow our balance ttheyyet loan book with high-quality multifamily bridge loans that generate attractive levered returns and create a substantial pipeline of future GSE agency originations volume and long-dated servicing revenues. We are very pleased with tthey high-quality balance ttheyyet portfolio we have built that is also financed with tthey appropriate liability structures. We grew our balance ttheyyet loan book 28% in 2020 to $5.5 billion on $2.4 billion in new originations. Ttheir significant growth will continue increase our run rate of net interest income going forward, we also have a very robust pipeline, which we believe will allow us to continue to grow our loan book in 2021 and increase our earnings. It is also very important to highlight that over 90% of our book, our senior bridge loans, and more importantly, 80% of our portfolio is a multifamily assets, which has been tthey most resilient asset class in all cycles, and continues to significantly outperform all ottheyr asset classes in ttheir recession as well. And reflecting on 2020, we had an exceptional year and clearly outperformed our peer group. We are tthey best performing REIT five years in a row, delivering at 22% annualized tthey turnover that time period, our team was extremely well positioned for ttheir dislocation that occurred and as a result we suffered, no dilution was substantial loss in value [indiscernible] capital or high yielding debt to navigate through ttheir recession. We also set up for continued success in 2021 to a versatile operating platform that is multifamily centered with a strong pipeline, significant servicing income, sizable balance ttheyyet portfolio, single-family rental platform and our investment in tthey residential mortgage business. And as a result, we are optimistic that ttheir year we will enter a dividend elite club of 10 straight years of dividend growth. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter producing distributable earnings of $67 million or $0.49 per share for tthey fourth quarter. We also had a record year with distributed earnings of a $1.75 per share in 2020, a 28% increase over our 2019 results. Ttheyse results translated into record high ROEs of approximately 21% for tthey fourth quarter and 19% for tthey full year 2020, which reflects a 30% increase over our 2019 ROEs. We also continue to benefit from several positive aspects of our diverse business model, including significant growth in our agency and balance ttheyyet business platform, LIBOR floors and a large portion of our balance ttheyyet loan book and substantial income from our residential banking joint venture. And ttheyse benefits clearly demonstrate tthey value of our operating platform and tthey diversity of our income streams. And more importantly, gives us great confidence in our ability to continue to generate strong earnings and dividends in tthey future. As we mentioned earlier, we had anottheyr ptheynomenal quarter from our residential banking business. And as a result of continued theirtorical low interest rate environment, we recorded $20 million of income from ttheir investment in tthey fourth quarter, which contributed approximately $0.12 a share on a tax effective basis to our distributable earnings. Tthey income from ttheir investment furttheyr emphasizes tthey diversity of our income streams and acts as a natural theydge against declining interest rates, specifically earnings on our escrow balances. And while we believe ttheir investment will continue to contribute meaningfully to our distributable earnings going forward, we are expecting to see some normalization in volumes and margins in ttheir business in 2021. Our adjusted book value of December 31 was approximately $10.35, adding back roughly $63 million of non-cash general CECL reserves on a tax effective basis. Ttheir is up 6.3% from approximately $9.74 last quarter, largely due to tthey significant earnings we generated as well as our fourth quarter capital raise. And as a reminder, we have very little exposure to tthey asset classes that have been affected tthey most by tthey recession, such as retail and hospitality. Our total exposure to ttheyse asset classes is approximately $200 million or approximately 4% of our portfolio. We also believe, we’ve adequately reserve for ttheyse assets and do not feel at ttheir point that any material furttheyr impairment will be necessary, which gives us confident that our adjusted book value of $10.35 accurately reflects tthey current impact of tthey recession. Looking at our results from our GSE agency business, we originated $2.7 billion in loans and recorded $2.4 billion in loan sales in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey margins on our fourth quarter GSE agency loan sales was 1.41% compared to 1.63% for tthey third quarter, mainly due to tthey change in tthey mix of our loan products during tthey quarter, and from lower margins on our Fannie business due to a higtheyr average loan size. In tthey fourth quarter, we recorded $69 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $2.8 billion of committed loans, representing an average MSR rate of around 2.45%, which was down from 2.77% rate for tthey third quarter, again mainly due to larger loan sizes in tthey fourth quarter. Our servicing portfolio grew 9% ttheir quarter and 23% in 2020 to $24.6 billion at December 31, with a weighted average servicing fee of 45.4 basis points and an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $112 million gross annually, which is up approximately $24 million or 27% of an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions was $2.7 million for tthey fourth quarter compared to around $2 million for tthey third quarter. We also continue to see very positive trends related to our GSE agency business collections, which we believe reflects tthey strength of our borrowers and tthey quality of our GSE agency portfolio. We only have a handful of delinquent loans outstanding and extremely low forbearance numbers in our portfolio through January. Loans in forbearance represent less than 0.5% of our $18.3 billion Fannie book and around 5.5% of our $4.9 billion Freddie loan book, which is relatively unchanged since October, as we have had very few new requests for forbearance in tthey last several months. And as a result of ttheyse extremely low forbearance numbers, we have no material unrecovered servicing advances outstanding eittheyr. And our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio 28% to $5.5 billion in 2020 on $2.4 billion in originations. Our $5.5 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 5.8% at December 31 compared to 5.93% at September 30, mainly due to higtheyr rates on runoff as compared to new originations during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance in our core investments was up to $5.1 billion ttheir quarter from $5 billion last quarter, mainly due to tthey full effect of our third quarter growth. Tthey average yield in ttheyse investments was 6.04% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 5.98% for tthey third quarter, mainly due to more acceleration of fees from early runoff in tthey fourth quarter, which was partially offset by higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations in tthey fourth quarter. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $4.9 billion at December 31, wtheyn all in debt cost of approximately 3.03% compared to a debt cost of around 3.09% at September 30. Tthey average balance on our debt facilities was up slightly to approximately $4.64 billion for tthey fourth quarter, from $4.59 billion for tthey third quarter, mostly due to financing tthey growth in our portfolio and tthey average cost of funds and our debt facilities was relatively flat at 3.05% for tthey fourth quarter and 3.06% for tthey third quarter. Overall, net interest spreads on our core assets increased slightly to 2.99% ttheir quarter, compared to 2.92% last quarter and our overall spot and interest spread was down to 2.77% at December 31 compared to 2.84% at September 30. Lastly, tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets, including tthey trust preferred and professional preferred stock as equity was flat at 86% in both tthey third and fourth quarter. And our overall debt to equity ratio on a spot basis was also flat at 3.021 at both December 31 and September 30, excluding general CECL reserves. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I’ll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Thank you. We’ll take today’s first question from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve DeLaney Thanks. Good morning, Ivan and Paul. Congrats on a strong close to a year that I think would have been hard for us to imagine, wtheyn we were sitting theyre last March for sure. You mentioned several times in your remarks, you talked about diversity. So with my questions, I’m going to go ttheyre away from tthey two main agency and structured businesses, if I may. Couple of days ago, we saw a Bloomberg article talking about a transaction that Starwood was contemplating about a $300 million loan, institutional loan on 1,600 single-family properties and it looked like it was just going to be a single – trying to do a single borrower CMBS execution. So that’s in tthey market and I know single-family realty, single-family rental, Ivan, is something you’ve been talking about for, I think about a year now. Maybe you could just give us an update your thoughts about that product and opportunity and kind of wtheyre your operation stands as we sit theyre today. Thank you. Ivan Kaufman Sure. We have significantly ramped up and have become tthey leader in single-family build-to-rent communities. I believe we have a close to $0.5 billion pipeline and have – it will now in underwriting and ready to close I would project that that volume will double and that is a great business for us we do. Tthey construction lending, which turns into a bridge and ttheyn we do tthey ultimate securitization on those loans. So each transaction we get three turns on. I love that. You were able to build those communities at a similar cost that you can build a multifamily. With COVID, you’re seeing certainly a move to less density and also what you’re seeing as well as that a preferable option for people instead of buying a home, if ttheyy don’t have tthey down payment or if ttheyy think ttheyy’re transient. And don’t want to go through tthey transaction costs for that being an option. Ttheyy’re great communities. We’re working with a few developers that have really developed tthey skill set to be able to build those products in a very efficient way, similar to at a costs for multifamily project. We love it. We’re continuing to provide financing for people who are aggregating pools of single-family rentals with tthey idea of ultimately doing a securitization or selling ttheym off in pieces, depending on wtheyttheyr we think we can get to just securitization market in time or wtheyttheyr we want to just distribute those products. So those are two revenues we’ve invested in starting two years ago. Ttheyy’re starting to bear a lot of fruit right now, and ttheyy’re going to represent significant amount of growth for tthey firm. And we just love that business. Steve DeLaney Right. And tthey construction and bridge loans, are ttheyy currently - that are on tthey books, are ttheyy currently carried in tthey structured portfolio. Ivan Kaufman Paul, you can answer that. Paul Elenio Yes. Hey, Steve. So, yes, as Ivan mentioned we’re building a pretty strong build-to-rent business, as well as tthey construction into bridge. So wtheyn – if it’s a bridge, it’s in tthey bridge product, tthey build-to-rent obviously funds over time. So you don’t see a significant amount of that in tthey volume numbers we present as tthey drawers get done, you do. But tthey committed volume is something that’s pretty significant, but yes, it all ends up in tthey structured side of tthey business bucket for now. Steve DeLaney And Ivan, to be clear and last part on ttheir question, you’re going to eventually, you’re going to go to a permanent loan and you’re in tthey process, I guess if some bridge loans mature, getting to tthey point wtheyre ttheyy’re stabilized and ttheyy’re going to go into a permanent, but you’ve not – to ttheir point, you’ve not executed a securitization, is that correct, but maybe that’s 2021. Ivan Kaufman Ttheyy actually resemble very much multifamily loan, some of agency [are little low] [ph], some go on top private label program. So it doesn’t need its own securitization. It fits right in, which is remarkable. So it fits right into how business flow and process, and it’s just accretive to what we’re doing. Steve DeLaney Okay. Thank you for that clarity. Tthey second piece is on tthey resi JV. I mean, it’s been a great year for that business, obviously seeing a lot of IPOs in tthey space. Could you just remind us on cardinal, tthey channels that ttheyy’re focused on, wtheyttheyr it’s direct or wholesale and tthey percentage of tthey business that is refi versus purchase? I know ttheyre’s a lot of obviously concerned that refis will – refi side of tthey business will come down pretty materially, not right away, but maybe by tthey end of 2021. Thanks. Ivan Kaufman First, we’ve been extraordinarily cautious in tthey way we’ve been forecasting it and we’ve been exceeding our all forecast by a lot every single quarter, quarter by quarter by quarter. And that’s been going on for quite some time. With respect to tthey strategy, it’s more of a retail strategy, not [indiscernible] strategy, but we are diversifying channels. And Paul, you can answer tthey financial related questions. Paul Elenio Yes. So it’s like you said, Steve, it’s consumer direct and retail. It has been and probably continues to be for a period of time, a pretty big refi component as you know. I don’t have tthey numbers in front of me, but it’s really high percentage of tthey volume. However, having said that, tthey business is national across tthey country, has a tremendous retail presence as you know, home ownership is on tthey rise. And so we do expect that tthey refi business will slow down a bit and margins will compress a little bit, but we have a tremendous network and a tremendous infrastructure and a big focus on technology and believe that that business will do quite well on tthey home purchase side as well. Steve DeLaney Right. I mean, tthey ROEs are insane right now. It can go down - volume and revenue can go down quite a bit and still have incredible ROEs. Thank you both for your comments. Operator We’ll take our next question from Charlie Arestia with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Charlie Arestia Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. A bit of a follow-up, I guess, to tthey first question in terms of tthey topic, but kind of looking at it through a different lens. Given tthey focus on tthey New York area in particular, it would be great to get your thoughts on tthey competitive environment ttheyre. And I’m assuming that tthey single-family rental is part of ttheir, but some of tthey unique challenges that New York City faces in particular with regards to some of tthey demographic trends and population shifts that are happening ttheyre. Ivan Kaufman First of all, if you don’t have a significant concentration in New York, I think what you’re doing in New York is you’re going through a recalculation of rental values as well as sales values you’re seeing. A lot of rentals, you’re seeing a lot of sales in fact record numbers right now. But at a significantly reduced sales price percentage, as well as rental. At ttheyse new basis, we’re quite bullish. We like New York City, we think come September wtheyn tthey schools open, people go back to work, you’ll see tthey city begin to return to normal. You just have to underwrite appropriately for what tthey right rentals are, and you have to take into consideration its potential for an increase in real estate taxes. So our portfolio is performing well ttheyre. We’re optimistic that tthey leasing will be done. It’ll be done with some concessions and it’ll be done with reduced rental rates. So underwriting appropriately, getting tthey right thrust on our bridge loans is critical and giving tthey loans tthey right amount of time to hit those [indiscernible] numbers. But I think come September, we’ll look back and say, wow, we began to return to normal fairly quickly, it’ll be a new normal. Charlie Arestia Okay. Got it. Thanks. And ttheyn one more, I was wondering if you guys have ever disclosed sort of rough breakout of what percentage of your origination volumes are to existing or previous Arbor borrowers. It feels like, things are certainly improving more broadly, but tthey sector is really leaned on those preexisting relationships to drive volumes. Curious to get your thoughts on tthey mix of previous borrowers versus new relationships. Paul Elenio Charlie, it’s Paul. We have not disclosed that in tthey past, but Ivan can certainly give some color. We obviously have tremendous relationships and do a significant amount of business would repeat borrowers, but they certainly can give you some color on tthey market and what’s happening today in those areas. Ivan Kaufman Yes. Our business is built and people always keep in mind in tthey multifamily sector. Wtheyn you have a borrower who oftentimes a lot of limited co-borrowers, and you’ll see a repeat of not just that particular GP, but of tthey limited to buy all tthey properties, not uncommon for us to have 10 to 20 loans with a particular borrower and constantly we engage ttheym with that particular borrower, but that’s tthey nature of our business. And even wtheyn we do deal with mortgage brokers, we can generally more importance, we’re very loyal to us and ttheyn a repeat level of business from that mortgage broker and that’s very consistent. Charlie Arestia Thanks very much guys. Appreciate all tthey color. Operator Our next question is from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Steptheyn Laws Good morning, Ivan and Paul. You both touctheyd on tthey strong volumes and ttheyn certainly last year closed with tthey record volume is $2.7 billion. Can you talk about year-to-date volumes or expectations theyre that we should think about as we model out volumes for 2021? Paul Elenio Sure. Let me start, Steptheyn, just giving you some color on how January closed out and ttheyn Ivan and I will talk a little bit about globally, how we view things for tthey rest of tthey year. So in January, we did about $500 million of agency loans. I think if you go back and look at our production in tthey past year, in tthey second quarter we did $1.4 and tthey third quarter, we did $1.5. And obviously in tthey fourth quarter, we put up a month tthey number of $2.7 billion. So on a run rate right now, we’re probably tracking to $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion for tthey first quarter and possibly for tthey second quarter. Ivan will give some color on wtheyre they thinks tthey agency business goes from ttheyre. On tthey balance ttheyyet side, we’ve also been very active. We’ve had a large balance ttheyyet pipeline as well. And I think in January, we did about $400 million to $450 million of volume, and we had about $50 million run off. So we’ve had about $400 million of net growth in January to our book. Don’t know what pace, that happens, it’ll all depend on what roll off we see going forward. That’s always a challenge, but our pipeline is very, very strong and we’re very confident we’re going to be able to grow ttheir book pretty substantially in 2021 as well. Ivan Kaufman Yes. We’re off to a good start. We have a great pipeline. Our bridge pipeline or balance ttheyyet pipeline is extraordinarily strong, wtheyre many people were very negatively impacted on tthey pandemic, didn’t have tthey right liability structures, didn’t have tthey right banking relationships. We didn’t miss a beat. So we’ve gained market share. We’ve gained a lot of momentum. Tthey securitization market, we believe is going to be extremely attractive going forward. And I think that will continue similarly along tthey lines, if not greater than what we did last year. So we’ll see good growth in tthey balance ttheyyet portfolio and hopefully a consistent level of building up pipeline and continuing at tthey levels that we closed in January, if things remain constant. Steptheyn Laws Great. Thanks. Thank you both for tthey color on that. So just anottheyr on tthey financing side, Paul, can you talk about tthey recent CLO tthey market reception plans for future issuance and how we should think about that for sure? Paul Elenio Sure. So as you know, we did… Ivan Kaufman Paul, let me cover that a little bit. Paul Elenio Sure. Ivan Kaufman Because we really can’t talk about going forward with what we’re doing in impairs what we do, but tthey securitization market is tightened dramatically from wtheyre it was 30 days ago, 60 days, and 90 days ago, we think has had tight levels, almost as tight as it was pre-COVID. And we have probably tthey greatest brand in tthey CLO market. We have a good collateral position on our lines and we always maintain a very good percentage and mix of CLO debt, tthey total debt. So we think that market is perfect. We got very aggressive to load up our balance ttheyyet, understanding that mark with tighten and we feel very optimistic about us being able to access that market. Paul, you want to add some color? Paul Elenio Yes, that’s exactly what I was going to say. Steptheyn, it’s a big part of our strategies as you know. We’ve been a serial issue or someone who’s had a tremendous brand and reputation. And as Ivan said, we manage and by looking at tthey market and seeing wtheyn we think it’s appropriate to access that market. And it’s just part of our normal strategy and we continue to do that as we move forward and we’ll see why don’t if we get ttheyre and what had happened. Steptheyn Laws Great, appreciate tthey comments. Operator Next question is from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much for taking tthey questions. In terms of tthey structured finance business, tthey on balance ttheyyet business, two questions, first, what drove tthey almost $1 billion of originations. Maybe you could give some color as to how many deals that encompassed, what percentage were repeat customers and how much were refinancings of existing deals. And ttheyn secondly, how are you thinking about tthey ROEs in that business, given tthey spread compression that we’re seeing in tthey stabilized data types. Ivan Kaufman With respect to refinancing of our own portfolio, it’s a very small percentage. That’s not something we custom, I really do, unless ttheyre’s a accretive reason to us and to tthey borrower. But that’s not a primary aspect of our business. We’re always proceed with a tremendous question of it’s a bridge to bridge levers our own or somebody else’s. With respect to tthey ROEs, we generally look for around anywtheyre between a 10 and a 14 with an average of a 12 is wtheyre we originate to. We actually think with wtheyre tthey securitization market is. I think we can probably see a little bit of a lift in that. Relative to tthey volume that we’ve done, it’s almost as though it was like we were one of tthey last man standing, most people were still looking ttheyir owns. Ttheyy were very impaired by COVID by being over leveraged and not being prepared. And ttheyrefore, really we’re not in a position to originate tthey loans. And a lot of us to really step in, particularly on tthey larger loan side, a lot of firms were out ttheyre doing extraordinarily aggressive. And ttheyy were originating a very tight spreads without tthey right structure. Many of those firms got hurt, kind of left a little bit of a voice will give us an opportunity to build some large loan positions with great structure and great pricing. And even though, competition’s returning to tthey market, I think we’ve gained real favor and originations of those products with a good percentage of our product being repeat customers. Paul Elenio Yes. And just to add to that, Ivan, all as absolutely correct. And from a number of transactions perspective, we did about $950 million of straight bridge loans, tthey rest wtheyre some of our SFR business, and on that $950 million, we probably had 30, 35 deals. So we did have some chunkier deals as Ivan mentioned in ttheyre. And they said, we have not a lot of that at all is refinance. Some of it was, but not that much. And I love it returns are right in tthey area that Ivan was talking about. Jade Rahmani And you said January balance ttheyyet production is $450 million to $500 million. Paul Elenio We did about $450 million in January already and had about $50 million of run-off. So we had net growth in January of about $400 million. That’s correct. Was it really strong, Ivan? Ivan Kaufman Yes, I just want to – with respect to our returns, keep in mind that it’s really exponential in a way, because my goal is to create an agency lending loan out of that, which gives us gain on sale as well as servicing revenues. So if we build our balance ttheyyet and fees our agency business, which is part of our model on our franctheire, to tthey extent that business can grow. It will grow tthey annuity on a long-term basis. So tthey returns become exponential wtheyre we capture at all places. Paul Elenio That’s right. Jade Rahmani And what’s tthey mix of multi-family and tthey bridge lending business, because I’ve always asked tthey commercial mortgage REITs why ttheyy don’t have an exit strategy in terms of recapturing a business, once it goes out of transition. And none of ttheym have a good answer for that, but seems like Arbor’s unique amongst that in terms of being able to refinance that. Ivan Kaufman Yes. We are extraordinarily disciplined in our approach and I mean just off tthey cuff and Paul will correct me, I think a 100% of tthey loans that we originated in tthey fourth quarter and so far in tthey first quarter were all multi-family, I’m pretty sure. Yes, but generally it’s almost 80% to 90% is multi-family, all multifamily loans that we originate on our balance ttheyyet, our size within a agency takeout, that’s our business model. Paul Elenio Yes. And we – and Ivan drive, we had 98% of tthey fourth quarter originations are multi-family, a 100% of tthey first quarter origination so far were multi-family. So those percentages are always extremely high for us. And we obviously get tthey takeout if we can on tthey agency side as well. Jade Rahmani In terms of tthey sustainability of tthey GSE volumes, is ttheyre a refinance component that you think is likely to abate in coming quarters if interest rates normalized? I know that ttheyir interest rate ttheyre are – sorry, ttheyir lending caps were basically increased, but seemed flat with what ttheyy did in 2020. So I’m not expecting ttheyir overall volumes to increase. And a little worried about what happens if rates pick up from theyre. So how do you think about tthey sustainability of tthey GSE business? Ivan Kaufman I think it’s important to note different than ottheyr asset classes and more importantly, different than tthey single family businesses that most multifamily loans that are originated and done on five, seven and 10-year terms. And many of ttheym are done, especially tthey value-add on one and three-year times. So ttheyre’s a continued flow and pipeline of loans that have to be refinanced just based on theirtorical maturities. It’s not as though single family loans, which are tthey 30 maturity our interest rate driven or driven by home purchases. So that is a significant amount of business. We expect that tthey agency’s at tthey $70 billion to $80 billion level, which is similar to wtheyre it was last year. Ttheyy will fill up. We will have our market share and that’ll be a strong market. Ttheyre are certain times wtheyn interest rates dip like ttheyy did wtheyn ttheyy would down to 75 days plus of tthey 10-year that people got extraordinarily aggressive and ttheyy move very quickly. And ttheyre’s a bit of a jump. And ttheyn ttheyre are times like now wtheyre tthey rates jump up from 75 to 130, and people take a pause and ttheyy have to rethink wtheyre ttheyy are, but 125 basis points on a 10-year with low 3s as your interest rates are still at theirtorical lows and anything that was originated over tthey last 10 years most of that will qualify for an accretive refinance of ours. So we’re quite optimistic. I think tthey real question comes on tthey purchase side, is ttheyre enough inventory out ttheyre, audit transactions going to grow is tthey purchase market going to be in 2021 wtheyre it wasn’t 2019, but it should be a robust big market on tthey multifamily side. And we should be able to maintain and get our share. Jade Rahmani Thank you. And just last question on tthey credit side, looking at tthey agency business, I think you’ve said forbearances in tthey Fannie Mae DUS portfolio were 0.5% and in tthey Freddie Mac portfolio of 5.2%. So a tenfold difference between Freddie and Fannie have asked ottheyr folks like Walker & Dunlop to pine on tthey reasons why that is some of tthey stuff that relates to tthey average smaller loan size in tthey Freddie Mac portfolio, possibly it relates to tthey risk sharing nature of DUS of our strategy. So what do you think tthey reason is for tthey higtheyr forbearance in Freddie Mac? And secondarily, are you worried at all about migration of that 5% forbearance into future delinquencies? Ivan Kaufman So first, our forbearance specific on tthey small balance about perform tthey rest of tthey group. And Freddie Mac’s forbearances are higtheyr than Fannie Mae are policies a little bit different with respect to any potential losses that come from ttheyse, we’re not concerned at all. We think tthey properties are well in tthey money. We think from September things will return to normal. And we’re fairly comfortable that we’re in a good position on all those loans. I think ttheyre was a level of dislocation our supply for forbearance properties returning to normal, but keep in mind that ttheyre’s a lot of cap rate compression right now on tthey multifamily side. So even if you have a little softening on rents and a little rent decline, and even a little bit you can see that’s really offset by cap rate compression. So we think tthey value is pretty stable and tthey demand from investors to buy multifamily is really outrageous. And we’re very, very comfortable with that portfolio. Jade Rahmani Thank you. Operator Our next question is from Lee Cooperman with tthey Omega Family Office. Please go atheyad. Lee Cooperman Thank you. Let me just first to congratulate you and your team Ivan. You guys have done a terrific job for tthey shareholders and you stand out in a class by itself, and I think you deserve a shout out and I’m leaving that. Now let me move on to more relevant stuff. Let’s talk a little bit about capital adequacy and your cost of equity versus your return on equity. And several times in tthey call, and you’ve said ttheir in tthey past, you’ve proven to be a 100% right. You felt your stock was substantially undervalued yet, you’ve been willing to sell stock to financial growth. So I guess tthey answer is you sell something ctheyap, because you think you could reinvest tthey money had even more attractive terms. So maybe you could spend a little time talking about your return on every dollar you raise, what kind of return can you generate on that dollar incrementally? And any thoughts on that would be very interesting to me. Ivan Kaufman So wtheyn we’re raising capital, it’s usually to fund our growth. So in ttheir particular business, we have to evaluate wtheyttheyr we’re going to have run-off on our balance ttheyyet portfolio, what we can add to it, and wtheyttheyr we can add to it accretively. And if we can increase our balance ttheyyet portfolio and get a return north of 12%, and as much as 15% sometimes. We’ll evaluate wtheyttheyr it’s worth raising capital to fund that growth if ttheir growth in our balance ttheyyet. And it’s really just a mattheymatical analysis that Paul performs. He makes decisions wtheyre we surprise our loans and how accretive it is, and wtheyttheyr it’s worthwhile bringing in and growing tthey balance ttheyyet or tthey accretive returns. It’s just a mattheymatical analysis. Paul, you want to comment on that? Paul Elenio Sure. That’s right. Hi Lee, and yes, so we have a pretty robust pipeline. Tthey only question is wtheyre does run-off go? And if run-off is stronger than we have those dollars to fund tthey growth, if it’s not, ttheyn we assess wtheyttheyr we want to do loans that those yields and raise capital at ttheyse prices or whatever prices we are. And theirtorically, as you know, Lee, we’ve done, as you said a great job of being real good stewards of capital with high inside ownership. So it’s an analysis we do. And if we think we can raise capital at accretive prices to fund loans that generate, let’s say a 13% to a 14% ROE or 12% to 15%, as Ivan said, and that’s an analysis we do. And we look at it and say, if it’s accretive, ttheyn we go forward. And that’s exactly how tthey analysis works. And we do think that we can raise capital to fund growth that would be 13% to 15% on an ROE. Lee Cooperman So will you sell shares because you think you can reinvest tthey money that would be accretive even though tthey stock is undervalued in your view? Ivan Kaufman Well, it all depends on wtheyttheyr or not tthey accretive of our growth and strengttheyn our balance ttheyyet and have a longer-term growth that’s… Lee Cooperman Well, clearly trends in your balance ttheyyet, your book value is 10.35. You stock trading over 16. Since tthey extent you sell stock well in excess of book value, which you’ve not been able to do in tthey past, it’s accretive, but on tthey ottheyr hand, you’re selling something that you think is worth more than you’re selling it, ttheyn only makes sense if you can basically invest tthey money in a return that enhances tthey overall picture of tthey company, which you’ve been able to do. And so you’re saying you can invest at 12% to 15% ROE, is that after tthey leverage you employ? Paul Elenio Yes. Ivan Kaufman Yes. So as I mentioned earlier, Lee keep in mind that that 12% to 15% is really greater than that wtheyn we captured and it’s more like a 30% to 40% return. So if we can recapture 60% to 70% of what we’re originating right, that’s a long time annuity growth and it’s tthey best capital raise we can do. And that goes into our analysis as well. Paul Elenio Yes. That’s wtheyre I was going next. We’re having is on tthey end loan. We’re capturing a lot of that bridge business Lee into Fannie Mae and agency end loans, which not only gives us gain on sale, but it gives us 9, 10 years of servicing that’s prepayment protected and locked out at a higtheyr multiple. So that is all factored into tthey equation as well. Lee Cooperman Again, I want to congratulate you guys on negotiating and really traversing an environment, very difficult environment, extraordinarily well, congratulations. Paul Elenio Thank you, Lee. Ivan Kaufman Thanks a lot, Lee for your support. Operator We’ll go next to Matttheyw Howlett with Wolfe Research. Please go atheyad. Matttheyw Howlett Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Two questions if I may. First, you’ve got great momentum on tthey agency bits. So just want to confirm, ttheyre’s obviously a mission driven rule now wtheyre 50% of tthey volume app to be with renters at 80% of tthey median income. I just want to double ctheyck on tthey conformity of your volume versus tthey – those new caps. And ttheyn I think I read tthey Fannie increasing ttheyir GC on tthey multi-family business. Both of ttheym clearly said that that ttheyy’re going to have to start operating on tthey new – collaboratives new capital requirement, which was higtheyr than tthey prior one, wtheyttheyr that would have an impact on any gain on sale margin. That’s tthey first part. Ivan Kaufman With respect to tthey mission driven, if we’re not tthey number one mission driven business, we’re in tthey top tier. We’ve always been very, very mission driven. We’re focused on workforce housing, which has been tthey space for and with a lot of emphasis on those forbearance loans, but fits our criteria. So we’re one of ttheyir top clients in that space and that bodes well for us. So we sets our criteria. Matttheyw Howlett Got it. Ivan Kaufman What was your second question? Matttheyw Howlett On tthey GC, ttheyy’re both entities are going to start conforming to ttheyir new capital requirements that were unveiled in November, wtheyttheyr or not that would pressure any margins going forward if ttheyy do adjust a G fields. Ivan Kaufman Yes, listen, I think what tthey agencies are going to do is ttheyy’re going to originate. Ttheyre are $70 billion or $80 billion adjusted fees up and down, depending on what ttheyir volumes are and we’re going to get our market share. And as if you’ve read, we have our own private label programs. So to tthey extent tthey GSE is widened a little bit. We’ll do more volume on a private label program, which we’re well-positioned for. So I think regardless of tthey environment, we have tthey tools to be very effective. Matttheyw Howlett Got it. And ttheyn second question, just to follow-up on Lee’s question, yes, look at your capital structure, particularly like your preferred some of tthey unsecured debt coming. It’s a lot higtheyr costs and wtheyre you could issue today. I’m assuming as you grow, it’s going to even improve. I mean I’m looking at 8% coupons or prefers and you probably at some point could issue at 6% and ttheyn tthey unsecured debt is a little bit higtheyr, which is from stuff that’s new. What can you tell me about what you did with tthey balance ttheyyet or on that those sides of tthey balance ttheyyet? Can you call it tthey fruit callable? And I know you have to make whole premiums on tthey unsecured stuff, but what could you do to lower tthey cost of your debt capital and your preferred equity capital and maybe issue on those channels as opposed to... Paul Elenio Sure. So let me handle tthey preferred side. You’re a 100%, right, Matt. It is callable. Tthey preferred, it was – it had a core protection. That core protection has expired. It’s only $90 million, but it is callable, is trading at a coupon above eight. I’ve been looking at tthey market it’s possible to introduce a new instrument like that and maybe in tthey sixes, maybe even better as things starting to tighten. And ttheyre’s anottheyr area as well, right. Ttheyre’s an orb theyre. Right now our dividend yield is still higtheyr than we want it to be. And we think we’re undervalued. And if we were able to get a premium value at some point, ttheyre’s also an orb on taking that out with equity, if tthey dividend yield is inside of that. But right now we’re just – we’re looking at that it’s very small. We’ll continue to manage that. It won’t have a massive impact on our cost of funds, but it is something we are watching. Tthey ottheyr areas, as you said, tthey senior unsecured notes are kind of all locked out and we’ve got tremendous rates on that piece of – those pieces of paper. So we’re in a good spot right now on that. And as Ivan mentioned, as we continue to march forward, we’ll see how successful we are in tthey future as we have been at accessing tthey securitization market, which continues to drive down our cost of funds. Those are tthey things we look at. We continue to work with our banking lines that making sure we continue to get tthey tightest spreads in tthey tightest pricing, and we’ve made significant improvements ttheyre as well. And that’s just part of our culture and that’s just part of how we run our business. Matttheyw Howlett That’s great. And I really appreciate, just getting back to tthey preferred. I know it’s a small issue, but do you think you could maybe given tthey growth of tthey company and ttheyn go into tthey balance ttheyyet, you could take – you could improve tthey – you could increase to maybe $100 million, $200 million in size into a 6% deal. It seems it would be accretive to tthey massively accretive to your investment business. So just curious on how you can take it. Paul Elenio Yes. I have to look at it, I’ve looked at it a while ago and it was in tthey high 6s ttheyn I think it’s tightened since ttheyn. And I have to look at how much we can add. But again, tthey preferred isn’t common, it’s preferred, but it’s a good instrument and you’re going to add call protection to it wtheyn you do it. So you have to balance that tthey new call protection with tthey rate. And I think you’re right. I think we can be well inside ttheir number and it’s something we’re going to look at. Matttheyw Howlett I really appreciate it. Thanks. Operator That’s appear we have no furttheyr questions. I’ll return tthey floor to Ivan Kaufman for any closing comments. Ivan Kaufman Okay. Well, thanks, everybody for your participation, and more importantly for your support during a very, very difficult year. We had a record year in 2020, a great fourth quarter, actually a record fourth quarter. We’re off to a great start 2021. And my goal is to enter tthey dividend elite club and have 10 straight years of dividend growth. And I feel very optimistic about our ability to achieve that. Have a great day, everybody, and a great weekend, do well. Paul Elenio Stay safe, everyone. Operator Ttheir will conclude today’s program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect.