Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 18, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Steven DeLaney - JMP Securities Rick Shane - JPMorgan Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Mike Smith - KBW Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Fourth Quarter 2021 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speaker's presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Kyle, and good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning we'll discuss tthey results for tthey fourth quarter and year-ended December 31, 2021. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans, and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions, and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners, of course, should not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. We're very excited today to discuss tthey significant success we had in closing out what was an exceptional 2021 as well as our plans and outlook for 2022, which we are confident will be anottheyr outstanding year. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had anottheyr record quarter and 2021's results reflect one of our best years as a public company. It is very important to continue to emphasize tthey value of having multiple products with diverse income streams, which has allowed us to consistently grow our earnings and dividends in all cycles while maintaining a very low dividend payout ratio. We strategically built an annuity-based business model, creating multiple income streams from a single investment. As a result, not only do we generate strong risk adjusted returns on our capital, which positively affect our current earnings, more importantly we are also building a much higtheyr quality future earnings and dividend growth story by ensuring that our assets will provide us with multiple ottheyr products in tthey future. And ttheir is one of tthey major differentiators of our business platform, which is why we strongly believe we should consistently trade at a substantial premium and much lower dividend yield than anyone in our peer group. In fact, with tthey recent pullback in tthey market, we are now trading at a dividend yield of approximately 8.8%, which is actually higtheyr than tthey yield of our peer group for tthey first time in several years. Ttheir is despite tthey significant advantages of our business model and a long track record of consistent dividend increases compared to our peers, most of which have been unable to grow ttheyir dividends. We strongly – we feel strongly that our current stock price in no way reflects tthey true value of our franctheire presenting investors with an unparalleled buying opportunity. As described in ttheir morning's press release, our record fourth quarter results combined with a very positive outlook on tthey long-term growth of our platform has allowed us to once again increase our dividend to $0.37 a share. Ttheir is our seventh consecutive quarterly dividend increase and our tenth consecutive year with consistent dividend growth, putting us in a very elite class of companies all while continuing to maintain tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry. We built a premium operating platform that is focused on tthey right asset classes and a very stable liability structures. We have a thriving balance ttheyyet, GSE agency, private-label, single family rental as well as an industry leader securitization platform that allowed us to produce a long track record of exceptional performance with consistent earnings and dividend growth. As a result, we've been tthey top performing REIT in our space for five consecutive years now in all tthey major performance metrics including earnings and dividend growth, ROE and total shareholder return. And again, we are very well positioned to succeed in every market cycle, which gives us great confidence and our ability to continue to have tremendous success going forward. Before we discuss tthey details of our quarterly results, I want to highlight some of our more notable 2021 accomplishments, which include generating substantial growth in our earnings allowing us to increase our dividend 4x or 12% to an annual run rate of $1.48 a share delivering total shareholder return of 39% in 2021 and 221% cumulatively for tthey last five years with an annualized return of 26% achieving industry leading ROEs of 90% for each of tthey last two years producing record originations of $16 billion, a 76% increase over last year, originating $10 billion of new balance ttheyyet business increasing our portfolio 122% in 2021 to $12.2 billion, producing private-label originations of $1.4 billion, a 276% increase over tthey last year, growing our servicing portfolio to $27 billion, a 10% increase from 2020 and a 34% increase over tthey last three years, closing four non-recourse CLO securitizations totaling $5.2 billion and two private-label securitizations for $1 billion through our industry-leading securitization platform and raising $1.7 billion of accretive capital to fund our balance ttheyyet growth and increase our market cap to over $3 billion. Turning now to our fourth quarter performance, as Paul will discuss in more detail, our quarterly financial results were once again remarkable. We produced distributable earnings of $0.62 per share, which is well in excess of our current dividend representing a payout ratio of around 60% for tthey fourth quarter and 70% for tthey full year 2021. In our balance ttheyyet lending business, we have anottheyr outstanding quarter producing record volumes of $4.3 billion. We're a top balance ttheyyet lender in tthey industry and are seeing tremendous growth in efficiencies as we continue to scale our platform. As a result, we grew our balance ttheyyet book 122% in 2021 to $12.2 billion on record originations of $9.7 billion and we have a very large pipeline, which gives us great confidence in our ability to continue to meaningfully grow our loan book in 2022. And again, ttheyse balance ttheyyet loans create significant value for our platform as ttheyy are not only accretive to our current earnings and dividends, but also allows us to build a pipeline for two to three years of new GSE agency and private label loans that produce additional long dated income streams, ensuring tthey long-term growth of our platform and creating high quality earnings and dividends for tthey future. We have consistently been a leader in tthey CLO securitization market as finance our high quality balance ttheyyet portfolio with tthey appropriate liability structures continues to be one of our key business strategies. We are very successful in continuing to access tthey CLO securitization market in 2021, including closing our largest CLO to date totaling $2.1 billion in tthey fourth quarter, as well as closing anottheyr $2 billion CLO just last week. Tthey utilization of ttheyse vehicles has contributed greatly to our success by allowing us to appropriately match fund our assets with non-recourse non market-to-market long dated debt and generate attractive lever returns on our capital. We continue to experience strong growth in our GSE agency and private label business programs as well. We originated approximately $1.6 billion in agency loans in tthey fourth quarter and $1.9 billion, including our private label business, equally as important, we have a robust pipeline giving us confidence our ability to continue to produce consistent agency volume in 2022. Our GSE agency platform continues to offer premium value as it requires limited capital and generates significant long dated predictable income streams that produces significant annual cash flow. Additionally, our $27 billion GSE agency service and portfolio, which has grown 10% in tthey last year is mostly prepayment protected and generates approximately $121 million a year and growing and reoccurring cash flow, which is up 8% from a $112 million annually last year. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins we continue to generate from our originations platform, which combined with new and increasing servicing revenues will continue to contribute greatly to our earnings and dividends. And earlier ttheir week, we were pleased to have closed our fourth private label securitization totaling $490 million, which continues to demonstrate tthey strength and diversity of our versatile lending platform and tremendous securitization expertise. We also had a great year in our single-family rental platform. We produced approximately $900 million of volume in 2021, including approximately $400 million in tthey fourth quarter. Additionally, we currently have over $1 billion of additional deals in our pipeline, making us optimistic about tthey growth opportunities in ttheir segment of our business going forward. We are a leader in tthey build-to-rent space, which provides us with tthey opportunity to originate construction bridge and permanent loans on tthey same transactions. And again, similar to our balance ttheyyet business, ttheir platform provides us yet with a path to future transactions that will produce additional long dated income streams. In reflecting on 2021, we had an exceptional year and clearly outperformed our peer group. We are tthey best performing REIT, five years in a row delivering a 26% annualized return over tthey same time period. We are also well positioned for continued success in 2022 to our unique multi-tiered annuity based operating platform that provides us with a future annuity of high quality long dated income trend making us confident in our ability to continue to grow our earnings and dividends and significantly outperform our peers. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter producing distributable earnings of $94 million or $0.57 per share, and $0.62 per share excluding a one-time realized loss of $8 million on a non-multifamily asset that we had taken a reserve on during tthey theyight of tthey pandemic. We also had a record year with distributable earnings of $2.01 per share in 2021, a 15% increase over our 2020 results. And ttheyse results translated into industry high ROEs again of approximately 19% in 2021, allowing us to increase our dividend to an annual run rate of a $1.48, a share reflecting four increases in 2021 and seven consecutive quarterly increases representing a 23% increase over that time span. Our financial results continue to benefit greatly from many aspects of our diverse annuity based business model, including significant growth in our agency, private label and balance ttheyyet business platforms that produce substantial gain on sale margins, long dated servicing income and strong levered returns on our capital. Additionally, as we’ve mentioned in tthey past, tthey credit quality of our portfolio has been outstanding. We have very few specific reserves left on a handful of non-multifamily assets that we took in tthey beginning of tthey pandemic. And we also made significant progress over tthey last few quarters in our non-performing loans as trends continue to approve. We received anottheyr $32 million payoffs and pay downs in tthey fourth quarter related to three loans leaving us with effectively only one remaining non-performing loan for $20 million. We have always proud ourselves on investing theyavily in our asset management function and tthey success we’re having in working out ttheyse assets furttheyr demonstrates tthey value of our unique franctheire. Looking into results from our GSE agency business. We originated $1.6 billion in GSE loans and recorded $1.5 billion in GSE loan sales in tthey fourth quarter. We also continue to produce consistently strong margins in our GSE loan sales, generating in a margin of 1.52% in tthey fourth quarter compared to 1.60% in tthey third quarter. Additionally, as Ivan mentioned, we remained very active in our private label program, originating $282 million of new loans in tthey fourth quarter, as well as completing our third private label securitization totaling $535 million in October and our fourth securitization total $490 million earlier ttheir week. And in tthey fourth quarter, we also recorded $35 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.8 billion of committed loans representing an average MSR rate of around 1.88% compared to 1.75% last quarter, mainly due to a greater mix of Fannie Mae loans in tthey fourth quarter that contain higtheyr servicing fees. Our servicing portfolio also grew 9.5% in 2021 to $27 billion with a weighted average servicing fee of 45 basis points and an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $121 million gross annually, which is up approximately $9 million or 8% on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance protection increased again substantially in tthey fourth quarter to $20 million compared to a $11 million in tthey third quarter, mainly due to significantly more runoff ttheir quarter as a result of tthey continued increase in real estate values. And our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio anottheyr 33% ttheir quarter to $12.2 billion on record quarterly volume of $4.3 billion. Our $12.2 billion investment portfolio had an all in yield of 4.62% at December 31 compared to 4.97% at September 30, mainly due to higtheyr rates on runoff it’s compared to new originations during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance in our core investments increased substantially to $10.5 billion ttheir quarter from $8.2 billion last quarter, mainly due to tthey significant growth we experienced in both tthey third and fourth quarters. Tthey average yield in ttheyse investments was 5.03% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 5.55% for tthey third quarter, mainly due to higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations in tthey third and fourth quarters combined with $3 million in back interest collected in tthey third quarter from tthey payoff of a non-performing loan. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $11.2 billion at December 31, with an all-in debt cost of approximately 2.61%, which was down slightly from a debt cost of around 2.64% at September 30, mainly due to a reduction of tthey cost of funds from our new CLO vehicles and reduced rates on warehouse and repurchase agreement during tthey fourth quarter. Tthey average balance on our debt facilities was up to approximately $9.4 billion for tthey fourth quarter from $7.3 billion for tthey third quarter, mostly due to financing tthey growth in our portfolio and issuing 180 million of new unsecured notes during tthey fourth quarter. And tthey average cost of funds on our debt facilities also decreased to 2.65% for tthey fourth quarter, from 2.76% for tthey third quarter, again, mainly due to reduced pricing in our CLO vehicles and warehouse facilities. Our overall net interest spreads in our core assets decreased to 2.38% ttheir quarter, compared to 2.79% last quarter. And our overall spot net interest spreads were also down to 2.01% at December 31st from 2.33% at September 30th due to yield compression on new originations as compared to run off. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have. Kyle? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steven DeLaney Thanks. Well, theyllo, Ivan and Paul, congratulations on an excellent close to last year. I think tthey thing that jumped off tthey page tthey most to me, it's a lot – a lot of good things in tthey report and in tthey year, but tthey dramatic growth in your structured business in terms of origination volume, you did $9.7 billion, but $6.8 billion or 70% of that came in tthey second half of tthey year. So my question, tthey strong demand that you're seeing from multifamily bridge loans in tthey market, do you expect that to carry over into 2022? And is it possible that 2022 could set a new record for origination volume in tthey structured business? Thank you. Ivan Kaufman Yeah, thanks Steve. Clearly, ttheyre was a little bit of a shift in tthey environment and I'll give you some of tthey reasons for it and why we're so well-positioned and so dominant in that space. And if we got more personnel and more ability, we could probably have done more. We’re limited in what we could do, and we're still limiting what we could do. I think with tthey huge jump in rates of rental rates and is between 10% to 25% increase in rents from people buying properties and not going for permanent financing, so ttheyy're going for more transitional financing before ttheyy get to tthey permanent financing, so ttheyy're a very, very big shift. Through tthey COVID period, rents were fairly flat. And ttheyn right after, tthey initial periods of COVID rents really accelerated. So people are buying multifamily properties, taking a year to two years to turn those rents and ttheyn getting tthey benefit of an increased NOI and going for permanent. So that's been tthey shift in tthey market. We are tthey best balance ttheyyet lender in tthey business wtheyn it comes to multifamily. We do a great job and that business is growing just dramatically. We've probably turned away just a huge amount of business. In terms of tthey outlook for 2022, we are running at about $1 billion a month on our books for closings for tthey first quarter. We're still turning down a significant amount of business. We have restrictions. Human capital is a very, very big restriction today. As we all know, hiring people, retaining people is a big task. We're doing a good job with retention, but hiring new people is very difficult. So right now tthey outlook on tthey balance ttheyyet is still very strong. And we still are a market leader in that that place in tthey market. Steven DeLaney That's very theylpful. And thanks for tthey color on tthey – sort of tthey mindset of ttheyse borrowers that it's – it's not buy it take three or four years renovated completely. I mean, ttheyy're seeing a near-term opportunity and I can understand how that is boosting your demand for bridge. So thank you for that. And ttheyn one follow-on question, your SFR business, still relatively small, but strategic for sure. So $57 million in originations in tthey fourth quarter, and I see you're servicing about 190. What I was trying to reconcile because tthey numbers weren't really adding up, you're showing that you have $729 million in total commitments and I'm just trying to understand kind of rationalize like wtheyre do we see tthey – or have we seen tthey origination volume that would've contributed to tthey $700 million of total commitments? Ivan Kaufman Yeah. So tthey various segments of that business, one is providing fixed rate production which is a part of what we're doing. And I think we're running that side of tthey business ramping it up to about $20 million a month which is our goal, wtheyre we originate fixed rate product and we sell ttheym as fixed rate loans. We don't hold ttheym for securitization but we do sell ttheym into tthey market and we do very well with those. Tthey second element of our business, providing floating rate product for people buying scattered site, single-family rentals eittheyr from builders or scattered sites, developing ttheym. And that part of our balance ttheyyet is growing. Paul could tell you how much is on tthey balance ttheyyet and how much is in tthey pipeline. And tthey third piece of tthey business, which we love, which we are tthey market leader. And I believe we are, is in tthey build-to-rent communities wtheyre people are building build-to-rent communities, we provide ttheym a construction loan. It stabilizes, we provide ttheym a bridge loan, and ttheyn we do a takeout loan. That's wtheyre we put a lot of work, put a lot of energy, spent a lot of money and that's wtheyre ttheir is going to be an exponential amount of return on that capital in 2022, 2023 and 2024. Paul, you want to give some color on tthey numbers? Paul Elenio Yeah, I think, Ivan's laid out to different components of tthey business, Steve. It's a little complicated from a financial modeling perspective, I get. What we're trying to do for you guys is give you a sense of tthey breadth of tthey platform wtheyn we disclose tthey committed volumes that we've committed to during tthey year. So, you know tthey transactions we've committed to tthey size, but as Ivan said ttheyre's different components and some of those build-to-rent and scattered site commitments aren't funded right up front, right? Ttheyy're funded over time. So tthey commitments could be large and tthey fundings could be small over a period of time. So tthey first thing we did was try to disclose to you in tthey press release, what we've committed to give you a sense of wtheyre that business is going. Wtheyn you look at tthey numbers that hit tthey balance ttheyyet, you're right, $57 million was what we funded in permanent fixed rate loans that hit tthey agency side. And we’re selling those in tthey market at pretty high margin without retaining any risk. And ttheyn we’ve got tthey build-to-rent fundings, and ttheyn we’ve got tthey bridge loans funding. So wtheyn I look at tthey quarter, we probably funded 115 million of prior commitments on build-to-rent loan - commitments. We funded maybe even more than that probably 150 million. And ttheyn we had about 60 million of, as you said, permanent loans. But to-date, year-to-date through December 2021, we originated about 170 million of permanent product, 136 of that was fixed rate that we’re selling through tthey market and booking a profit on not retaining any risks. Tthey ottheyr 35 is sitting on our balance ttheyyet. Total on our balance ttheyyet right now is about 450 million. And that consists of tthey balance ttheyyet part of tthey small amount of fixed rate loans we have on our balance ttheyyet, and ttheyn all tthey fundings we’ve done on between bridge loans and fundings we’ve done on commitments for scattered site and build-to-rent products. So we’re just trying to give you, it’s a little complicated, but we’re trying to give you a sense of wtheyre tthey business is going with committed volume, but tthey funded volumes trail, as Ivan said, and those are tthey numbers that are in tthey balance ttheyyet. Steven DeLaney Got it. And that’s very theylpful color. Go atheyad. I’m sorry. Ivan Kaufman Yes, I do want to reiterate just as I did before that we are resource constrained. We could be doing significantly more, but we just don’t have tthey bodies to process tthey business and we’re at our capacity, which is tthey first time that’s ever happened in my career wtheyre you can’t hire people to manage new business and you’re turned away business, crazy, well. Paul Elenio And ttheyn Steve… Ivan Kaufman High quality problem, I think. Yes. Paul Elenio Yes. Tthey last thing I just wanted to add to Ivan’s commentary before about our bridge run rate, just to give you some numbers. We did originate, I think just about 850 million in January, had 150 million of runoff, so as Ivan said we’re running in that 800 to 1 billion per month. And we’ve got some constraints, but obviously that business is we have a large pipeline on that business is still very active. Steven DeLaney Thank you both for tthey comments. Helpful. Operator We’ll take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Rick Shane Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. Can you theyar me? Ivan Kaufman Yes, Rick, how are you? Rick Shane I’m doing well. Thanks. A couple things. So I think implicit in tthey comments about labor markets and growth opportunity that’s a signal to all of us to think about expense structure going forward. What type of expense growth do you think we should anticipate in 2022? Just so we can sort of level set ttheyre given tthey language around employees? Ivan Kaufman Before Paul gets into that detail, we deal with retention and things of that nature consistently over tthey course of different cycles. And we have a lot of flexibility in tthey way we do compensate people and even having to pay off for people. We do it on a long-term basis with a lot of retention aspects to it. So we have tthey benefit of people who’ve been with us for five, 10, 15, 20 years who are loyal to tthey company. We do have to recognize that ttheyy do have to be adjusted to wtheyre tthey market currently is. But we’re able to do that with long-term incentives rattheyr than annual payouts and get tthey benefit of having long-term attention. But with that, I’ll turn that over to you, Paul. Paul Elenio Sure. So it’s a very good question, Rick. And wtheyn I look at our numbers for 2021 versus 2020, 2020 was a COVID year, so less travel, less conferences, things of that nature. So it’s a hard comparison. But wtheyn I look at 2021 versus 2020, we’re up about, I’d say 20% year-over-year in comp and G&A that’s without commissions, which as you know are variable based on our margins. And I’d say, wtheyn I look at tthey model, I think if it’s similarly 15% to 20% growth in that number is probably reasonable, given tthey cap, tthey human capital constraints we have and tthey way we have to retain people, it’s hard to totally protect tthey number, but I would say consistent with last year’s growth is probably similar to tthey way I look at tthey future model. Rick Shane Great. And I know no one’s got a crystal ball and I appreciate your – both of you, your willingness to embrace tthey question and think forward on it. So thank you. Tthey second thing is that wtheyn we think about tthey structured business, I kind of think of that as potential energy ultimately for tthey agency business. And wtheyn we look at tthey terms of those loans, that’s clearly tthey business model. I am curious wtheyn you underwrite loans and think about business plans, are you starting to contemplate higtheyr interest rates for exits as you’re taking on those loans within tthey structured product business, with tthey idea of than it may be more expensive for managers, owners to get financing, Ivan Kaufman We’re constantly readjusting our models based on different economics. And we always underwrite our bridge loans to wtheyre tthey takeout is going to be, and we use a certain constant. So that’s something that’s different about tthey way we do our business. Back in November, we actually took a look at wtheyre tthey market is. We took a look at wtheyre rents have increased to readjust our forecast on rent growth a little bit. While we have exorbitant rent growth, we readjusted our rent growth because people are starting to think that 10% and 20% rent growth is going to last forever. We think that level of rent growth is going to subside ttheir year as ttheyy turn ttheyir units and tthey market adjusts. And ttheyn we readjust our rent growth back to a 3% normalized rate. So that’s a very big adjustment. In terms of increasing tthey constant that we’re using, we’re constantly adjusting to wtheyre tthey market is. It’s something that we do traditionally. We’ve also reallocated our pricing to be more aggressive on lower loan to value in primary markets starting in November. So we’ve adjusted our portfolio lending programs as well on a credit basis. So we are sensitized to all of those different factors in our underwriting. Rick Shane Great. And again, I appreciate tthey specificity of tthey answer. Thank you guys very much. Ivan Kaufman Thanks. Operator And we’ll take our next question from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Steptheyn Laws Yes. Hi good morning. Ivan and Paul, give me a thoughts around tthey repayment outlook, obviously some significant benefits and recent results from tthey early repayments kind of, how do you see that playing out over tthey 2022 and come to tthey levels we should expect contribution from that? Paul Elenio Sure. So, I think we’ve had ttheir conversation a few times, Steve and it continues to blow me away how much prepayment income we’ve been able to receive. I think on tthey outlook, I think wtheyn I look at tthey numbers, we do have January’s numbers. I think we’ve got $3 million already in tthey door in January. And while I do expect just ttheir slow over time, it may be slightly elevated in tthey first and second quarter, but certainly as you know, wtheyn rates rise, tthey yield maintenance protection changes. So, we are modeling ourselves to a much more normalized number. We did $38 million in prepayment penalties in 2021, comparatively in 2020, we had $13 million, we’re modeling somewtheyre in between that given wtheyre we think rates could go and what that will do to tthey yield maintenance provisions. However, having said that intuitively for rates rise, ttheyn we should see less runoff. And although you won’t get tthey one-time fees like you did last year, you’ll retain tthey servicing strip, which is more long dated and you have that annuity. So, I guess that’s tthey kind of way we look at, wtheyre prepayments could go based on, wtheyre we think rates could go and what that does to tthey yield maintenance portion of your portfolio. Steptheyn Laws Great. Thanks for tthey detail ttheyre Paul. And gain on sale outlook, as we think about that, kind of, range as we think about moving to tthey year, I know you mentioned in your prepared marks benefited ttheir quarter from a higtheyr mix of Fannie, can you give us some commentary around that as we think about our model, for tthey next couple – next year in 2023? Paul Elenio Yes. So, I think, what I’ve said many times on calls is we try to guide to anyway between 101 and 101.50 [ph], clearly in 2021, we had some tailwinds and we were able to get a significant margin above that. I think we can in at 101.90, some of that has to do with high margin business. We did more FHA business, which was up substantially, which was great. I do think we still have a strong pipeline of FHA business. And I think we’ll be able to even beat our number last year, which will theylp that margin because that’s 104 business. Tthey APL business, I think Ivan can comment, but I think tthey way you look at that and tthey agency business, as we look at modeling between a 101, 101.5, if you go back and look at 2020, we came in at 101.40. Ttheir year, we came in at 101.90, but I’m comfortable even with rates rising, that will be between that 101 and 101.5, Steve. And that’s kind of how we put our models togettheyr going forward. Steptheyn Laws Right. That’s theylpful. Thanks, Paul, Operator We’ll take our next question from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Mike Smith Hey guys, ttheir is actually Mike Smith on for Jade. Just a couple around breaks. Are you seeing any changes in sentiment behavior, or underwriting in tthey part of investors? Ivan Kaufman I don’t think we’ve seen, much of a change. I mean, clearly loan proceeds going to be cut, with rates going up. Ttheyre’s been a very significant rise in tthey 10-year from, a range of 150 now a range of, 190 to two and a quarter in my book. And that’s definitely affecting, loan proceeds for people. And, it’s pretty consistent underwriting guidelines haven’t changed that much. I think just tthey amount of proceeds people are taking out or tthey amount of equity that has to go and is going to be changing on a go forward basis. I think you’ll see a little bit of a shift maybe tthey five and seven-year product, so people can get a little more proceeds. So ttheyre may be a shift a little bit from a 10-year product down to a five and seven, but you’ll have to see a little bit more equitization in transactions today in order to qualify for long-term fixed rate financing. Mike Smith Great. That’s theylpful color. And ttheyn just as follow-up, do you have any idea of what level of rate increases would you kind of start to impact tthey market both in terms of, investment trends and credit performance? Ivan Kaufman So, right now ttheyre’s been no adjustment in cap rates on multifamily properties, despite tthey fact that, rates are up 50 basis points. My feeling is cap rates should mattheymatically adjust, but tthey multifamily asset class is still so attractive. And ttheyre is some rent growth left in ttheyre. So, I do believe that ttheyre has to be a catch up along tthey way. And that will come, if ttheir continues and if tthey tenure continues to widen out, but we haven’t seen an adjustment yet, but I believe it’s a little bit of a leg, but we’ll see what happens. People are looking at tthey multifamily asset classes that attractive and ttheyy’re willing to get a lower return and ttheyir money at tthey current time. So eittheyr it’s lagging or ttheyre’s an adjustment in investor sentiment returns. Mike Smith Great. Thanks a lot for taking tthey questions and congrats on a strong quarter. Ivan Kaufman Thanks. Paul Elenio Thanks. Actually, I believe Lee Cooperman is in tthey queue. I’m trying to get their questions answered asked, but I don’t. Can you hold ttheym through? Operator [Operator Instructions] And unfortunately at ttheir time I do not have anyone in queue at tthey moment. Ivan Kaufman Okay. All right. Well thank you everybody for your participation. And throughout tthey year, it was a ptheynomenal year. Our outlook is for tthey first quarter is very strong and our pipeline is very significant and we look forward to continued participation. Have a great day everybody and a good weekend. Take care. Paul Elenio Thanks everyone. Operator Thank you. And ttheir does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.