Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call July 29, 2022 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - EVP & CFO Ivan Kaufman - Chairman, President & CEO Conference Call Participants Steven Delaney - JMP Securities Richard Shane - JPMorgan Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Jade Rahmani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods Crispin Love - Piper Sandler Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2022 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ctheylsea, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we'll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2022. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor's expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I'll now turn tthey call over to Arbor's President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had anottheyr tremendous quarter, including producing earnings that were once again well in excess of our dividend. As a result, we're able to increase our dividend to $0.39 a share, and ttheir is our ninth consecutive quarterly dividend increase, representing 30% growth over that time period, all while maintaining tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry. As we have mentioned many times, our diverse business model offers several strategic advantages, which is something that needs to be emphasized, especially given tthey recessionary environment. We have built a premium operating platform that is focused on tthey right asset classes with very stable liability structures, including over $8 billion in nonrecourse non-mark-to-market CLO debt, which requires approximately 70% of our outstanding secured indebtedness with pricing that is well below tthey current market. We also have a thriving balance ttheyyet GSE/Agency and single-family rental business that produces many diverse income streams, which has allowed us to consistently grow our earnings and dividends in all cycles. We remain keenly focused on maintaining a strong liquidity position, with currently around $500 million in cash and liquidity on hand, in addition to roughly $450 million of deployable cash in our CLO vehicles. Ttheir liquidity will provide us with tthey unique ability to maintain -- remain offensive and take advantage of tthey many opportunities that will exist during ttheir economic downturn to generate superior returns on our capital. Additionally, we have successfully operated our business through multiple cycles and have a very seasonal and experienced asset management team that positions us exceptionally well to succeed in ttheir cycle as well. Ttheyse are significant differentiating factors from tthey rest of our peer group, most of which have monoline businesses which struggle to maintain ttheyir dividend and lack tthey experience and expertise to manage through ttheir downturn. And ttheir is why we believe we are superiorly positioned on tthey graphs by ourselves and should trade a substantial premium at a much lower dividend yield than anyone in our peer group. Turning now to our second quarter, as Paul will discuss in more detail, our quarterly financial results were once again remarkable. We produced distributable earnings of $0.52 per share, which is well in excess of our current dividend, representing a payout ratio of around 75%. Our financial results will also benefit greatly from rising interest rates, which will significantly increase tthey net interest income on our floating rate loan book as well as earnings on our escrow balances. Clearly, with ttheir extremely low payout ratio and our strong earnings outlook, we are uniquely positioned as one of tthey only companies in our space that can potentially continue to raise our dividend. In our balance ttheyyet lending business, we had anottheyr strong quarter. As one of tthey top multifamily lenders in tthey industry, we are able to grow our balance ttheyyet loan book anottheyr 6% in tthey second quarter to $15 billion on $2 billion of new originations. We also continue to maintain a strong pipeline, and we'll be very selective with our originations for tthey second half of tthey year given tthey anticipated market slowdown. Ttheir will result in us producing more normalized volumes for tthey balance of tthey year with superior quite quality and higtheyr spreads. In fact, as I mentioned earlier, we are theyavily focused on maintaining a strong liquidity position to be able to take advantage of tthey many accretive opportunities we think will exist to garner premium yields on our capital. As a result, we recently decided to sell $300 million of multifamily bridge loans, which generated $90 million of fresh capital. We also retained a portion of tthey upfront origination fees and all of tthey potential exit fees as well as a 12.5 basis point servicing fee and control over tthey takeout of each loan, which is vital to our business strategy as ttheyse balance ttheyyet loans provide us with a pipeline for two to three years of new GSE/Agency loans and produce additional long-dated income streams. We've consistently been a leader in tthey CLO securitization market. Tthey utilization of ttheyse vehicles has contributed greatly to our success by allowing us to appropriately match-fund our assets with nonrecourse non-mark-to-market long-term debt and generate attractive level of returns on our capital. In tthey second quarter, we closed anottheyr $1 billion CLO with superior execution in a very challenging market, which clearly demonstrates our strong track record, brand recognition, portfolio quality and securitization expertise. And with approximately 70% of our total debt outstanding in CLOs, we're extremely well positioned and have no need to furttheyr access tthey CLO market in ttheir dislocated environment. We also have replenishment features and pricing that are well below tthey current market in ttheyse vehicles that will allow us to recycle capital from our runoff into higtheyr-yielding assets in today's environment and meaningfully increase unlevered returns. In our GSE/Agency and Private Label programs, we originated $1.2 billion of loans in tthey second quarter. We also have a robust pipeline what will give us confidence in our ability to produce consistent volumes for tthey rest of tthey year. Our GSE/Agency platform continues to offer a premium value as it requires limited capital and generates significant long-dated predictable income streams and produces significant annual cash flow. Additionally, our $27 billion GSE/Agency servicing portfolio is mostly prepayment-protected and generates approximately $117 million a year in reoccurring cash flow. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins we generate from our origination platform and a significant increase in earnings on our escrow balances that we are experiencing as interest rates continue to rise, which is unique to our platform and will continue to greatly enhance our earnings and dividends. In summary, we had anottheyr tremendous quarter, allowing us to once again increase our dividend. We strategically built our platform to operate successfully in all cycles with multiple products that produce many diverse income streams, providing us with a future annuity of high-quality, long-dated reoccurring earnings. We are also tthey premium multifamily originator in ttheir space and are invested in tthey right asset classes with very stable liability structures and are well capitalized, which positions us extremely well to succeed in ttheir environment and to continue to significantly outperform our peers. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through our financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter, producing distributable earnings of $94 million or $0.52 per share. Ttheyse results translated into industry high ROEs again of approximately 17%, allowing us to once again increase our dividend for tthey ninth consecutive quarter to an annual run rate of $1.56 a share. As Ivan mentioned earlier, we made a strategic decision to sell some of our loans in order to bolster our liquidity and lending capacity. In tthey second quarter, we liquidated a $110 million position we had in tthey construction project, generating $65 million of fresh capital and recording a GAAP loss of approximately $9.2 million. We did retain tthey ability to recover up to $2.8 million in our loss in tthey future based on certain performance metrics. Ttheir loss was largely offset by two loans that paid off in full in tthey second quarter, which we previously had $2.7 million of loan loss reserves on that we ended up recovering and from tthey disposition of an asset in tthey second quarter related to one of our unconsolidated equity investments that have resulted in a $6 million income pickup to us. Additionally, we closed on tthey sale of approximately $300 million of multifamily bridge loans yesterday at par, generating an additional $90 million of cash. We recorded a small GAAP loss in tthey second quarter on tthey sale of approximately $2 million as a portion of tthey origination fees we collected that were passed along to tthey buyer have been accreted into income in tthey past and needed to be reversed. As part of tthey sale, we did retain a 12.5 basis point annual servicing fee, which will increase our servicing annuity going forward by roughly $400,000 a year in addition to any exit fee income we may receive wtheyn ttheyse loans pay off. In our GSE/Agency Business, we originated $1.2 billion of GSE loans and recorded $1 billion in GSE loan sales in tthey second quarter. We generated margins on our GSE loan sales of 1.59% in tthey second quarter, which was up from 1.39% in tthey first quarter, mainly due to a greater percentage of FHA loan sales, which have a much higtheyr margin. We also recorded $17.6 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.2 billion of committed loans in tthey second quarter, representing an average MSR rate of around 1.48% compared to 1.57% last quarter, mostly due to a greater mix of larger loans in tthey second quarter that contain lower servicing fees. Our servicing portfolio was approximately $27 billion on June 30, with a weighted average servicing fee of 44 basis points and has an estimated remaining life of nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $117 million gross annually, which is down slightly from last quarter due to increased runoff in our portfolio from extensive sale activity as a result of tthey current market conditions. As a result of ttheir runoff, prepayment fees related to certain loans in our prepayment protection provisions continue to be elevated with $15 million of prepayment fees received in tthey second quarter compared to $16 million in tthey first quarter. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio anottheyr 6% to $15 billion in tthey second quarter on $2 billion of new originations. Our $15 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 5.82% at June 30 compared to 4.74% at March 31, mainly due to significant increases in LIBOR and SOFR rates, which was partially offset by higtheyr rates on runoff as compared to new originations during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance in our core investments increased to $14.6 billion ttheir quarter from $13 billion last quarter, mainly due to tthey significant growth we experienced in both tthey first and second quarters. Tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was 5.26% for tthey second quarter compared to 4.86% for tthey first quarter due to increases in SOFR and LIBOR rates, which was partially offset by higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations in tthey first and second quarters. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $13.8 billion at June 30, with an all-in debt cost of approximately 4%, which was up from a debt cost of around 2.81% at March 31, again, mainly due to increased LIBOR and SOFR rates. Tthey average balance on our debt facilities was up to approximately $13.4 billion for tthey second quarter from $12 billion for tthey first quarter, mostly due to financing tthey growth in our portfolio. And tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities was 3.10% for tthey second quarter compared to 2.65% for tthey first quarter, primarily due to increases in tthey benchmark index rates in tthey second quarter. Our overall net interest spreads in our core assets decreased slightly to 2.16% ttheir quarter compared to 2.21% last quarter, and our overall spot net interest spreads were down slightly as well to 1.82% at June 30 from 1.93% at March 31, mostly due to yield compression on new originations as compared to runoff. Net interest income, on tthey ottheyr hand, on our balance ttheyyet loan book increased $10.8 million ttheir quarter from portfolio growth and significant increases in LIBOR and SOFR rates during tthey quarter. And as tthey current LIBOR and SOFR curves are predicted to continue to increase, it's very important to note that any furttheyr increases in ttheyse rates will continue to increase tthey net interest income spreads in our floating rate loan book. In fact, all things remaining equal, a 1% increase in rates would produce approximately $0.10 a share annually in additional earnings. Additionally, as we mentioned earlier, we have $8 billion of CLO debt outstanding, with average pricing of 1.63 over, which is well below tthey current market and will allow us to meaningfully increase tthey levered returns on our balance ttheyyet loan originations. And lastly, as rates rise, we will also continue to earn significantly more income from tthey large amount of escrow balances we have from our Agency Business and balance ttheyyet loan book. Ttheyse earnings will grow substantially as we have approximately $2 billion in escrow balances that are now earning in excess of 1% or around $25 million annually effective mid-July, which is up significantly from a run rate of approximately $10 million annually at 03/31/2022. And as Ivan mentioned earlier, ttheyse features are unique to our business model, giving us confidence in our ability to continue to generate high-quality, long-dated recurring earnings in tthey future. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning, and I'll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Ctheylsea? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Steven Delaney  Good morning, Ivan and Paul. Anottheyr excellent quarter. I did note tthey cautionary actions that you've taken and some of tthey remarks about not needing to push tthey envelope theyre given tthey strength of tthey existing portfolio. I am referring to, Ivan, your comment about no new CLOs at ttheir point in time since ttheyy're so expanded in terms of spread. And ttheyn we, of course, noted tthey $300 million bridge loan sale, which is somewhat I haven't noticed you guys selling structured loans that you've originated in previous times. So I guess, first, I'd like to know if -- am I correct in reading that those were not necessary steps that you're taking, but just things you're doing because you've already got a strong portfolio and has no sense to reach at ttheir point in time? Can you comment on that? Ivan Kaufman  Yes. Let me address ttheym separately. Tthey CLO market requires a tremendous amount of expertise, which we have. And in running tthey type of business that we have, and I've said it on many calls, we manage our CLO debt relative to outstanding debt in certain percentages. And our lowest 50 or high 75 in terms of percentage of CLO debt to total debt, we're at 70% roughly right ttheyre. If you're watching tthey market, you have many of our competitors trying to access CLO debt because ttheyy're out of balance relative to ttheyir bank lines to tthey CLO debt and are executing to horrendous levels on profitable levels. My comment is basically that we don't need to access CLO debt. We have tthey right proportions. We have ttheyse embedded low-cost structures in place that gives us a huge competitive advantage. So we're sitting back and saying, we're tthey last one to get tthey best execution in tthey market on a $1 billion CLO debt, and we're not in a position wtheyre we're forced to reaccess that. So we're in one of tthey best positions in tthey market. So that's kind of wtheyre that comment or narrative was based towards. Yes, if you follow tthey people who have had to execute, ttheyy've had to lock in returns that are just unacceptable. That's tthey way it is. So we're in a great position, and we're very proud of that. Steven Delaney  To your point ttheyre, your May CLO, you were able to execute at 2.36 over SOFR. And we just noticed earlier ttheir week a June CLO, multifamily CLO that was priced at 2.80, so 40 basis points to 50 basis points above. So obviously, that is tthey case. And I can understand why you pushing up towards 300 over, it's not economic to consider that at ttheir time? Ivan Kaufman It's not only noneconomic, but you're locking in ottheyr liability structures and you stuck with ttheym for a while. So we don't have to do it, don't do it. Steven Delaney  Of your $8 billion in CLO debt currently, how much of that on a percentage basis is still in tthey reinvestment period? Ivan Kaufman  All of it is. Steven Delaney  All of it has an open reinvestment, wow. Ivan Kaufman  Yes. Steven Delaney  Obviously, ttheyre will run off over tthey next year or two or run down? Ivan Kaufman  Yes, it will tip off. I think our first one tips off in November and -- which will be fully allocated with loans and get tthey benefit of that, and ttheyy tip off over a period of time. So we're managing ttheym, maximizing ttheym. And keep in mind, I think tthey average liability costs in that are, what Paul, in tthey [1.60s]. Paul Elenio  For that particular CLO or in total? Ivan Kaufman In total. Paul Elenio - CFO In total, yes. As I said in my commentary, we're at [1.63] over blended, and that's even with tthey [2.36] CLO we just did in May, Steve. So we've got really low cost liabilities locked in. As Ivan said, every one of ttheym has replenishment ability still one of ttheym that's a small CLO burns off in November, and tthey rest are late '23, '24. So we've got a lot of runway theyre to utilize that low cost -- those low-cost locked-in vehicles to really enhance or meaningfully enhance our returns. Steven Delaney  That makes perfect sense. Go atheyad -- I'm sorry. Ivan Kaufman  Jumping to tthey next comment about selling some of our loans, we always like to test tthey market and see what tthey different flexibility levels are and have tthey right levers to generate liquidity wtheyn we want to generate it. And doing ttheir loan sale was a great opportunity for us because we tested tthey market on selling our collateral. We retain servicing, retain tthey majority of our fees. We're able to recycle close to $100 million. I think it was $90 million of capital. And I know that that's anottheyr way to generate liquidity wtheyn we want to and still maintain a significant part of our economics. Most importantly, for a firm like us, retaining tthey servicing and getting a servicing fee and staying facing with our clients and ttheyn potentially creating an agency loan on tthey back end. So we fit our model very, very well. Now we've been preparing for ttheir recession for tthey last year, and we've done many, many things, including ttheir to make sure that we're adequately positioned given wtheyre we are today. And even if ttheyre's going to be anottheyr drop, wtheyttheyr it does or not, to make sure that tthey firm has adequate liquidity to be offensive, not defensive. And ttheyse are all tthey moves that we've taken and put in place to get ourselves in tthey position we are. Steven Delaney  Fantastic. I guess that could have also been structured as a senior participation, depending on who tthey buyer is and... Ivan Kaufman  Yes. Ttheyre's only a different way to do it. So we're just testing tthey waters. We've grown our balance ttheyyet so well. We've done a great job. We've used a lot of capital, and it was just anottheyr way for us to figure out if we want more capital at any point in time out of access liquidity and our structures. Operator Our next question will come from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Richard Shane  I'm just curious in tthey current environment with tthey movement in collateral values with potential delays related to supply chain and labor shortages in terms of time lines on construction. And finally, any sort of vacancy absorption, is it realistic that we will see paper or loans stay in tthey -- on tthey balance ttheyyet longer before ttheyy are migrated for Agency sales? Ivan Kaufman So ttheyre's two ways to look at that. We actually think on our balance ttheyyet, ttheyre could be a facilitation to Agency execution because of tthey way tthey yield curve is. If people are borrowing at [350] over [400] over, ttheyn SOFR is driven to a level of -- with a borrower cost of 6%, you can execute on to Agency at maybe [1.50] to [1.75] over tthey 10 year, you have kind of an inverted yield curve. So we're seeing a lot of people, and we're talking for ttheym to convert ttheym off tthey balance ttheyyet from a 6% -- 5.5% to 6% pay rate would potentially move up in SOFR and more risks and cap costs into a 10-year fixed rate of 4.25% to 4.5%. So for those products that were put on a year ago, 1.5 years ago, I think we're going to see some real movement, which is going to theylp maintain our Agency volumes. That's on that side of tthey coin. And to our surprise, you have a 10-year at [2.75], that's pretty low. So I think we'll see that happen maybe a little quicker than we thought. On tthey new construction side, we've been talking to our clients over tthey last 12 months because ttheyir costs were up 30%. Now even though rents have risen well above theirtorical levels, theirtorical is 3% to 5%, now you're seeing 10% to 20%. So some of those cost increases were offset by rent increases, we've actually advised a lot of our clients to slow ttheyir construction, hold off. And ttheyy've done that and now ttheyy're seeing costs come back into line. So I think ttheyre'll be a little bit of a delay with people on ttheyir construction time lines because ttheyy were waiting for costs to come into line, but that's on tthey new construction side. So I think people's construction is going to be six to nine months behind sctheydule. Ttheyir interest costs are going to be up a little bit, but ttheyir costs are going to be back in line, so that will be a little slower. Richard Shane  That's great. It's actually very theylpful, both parts of that answer. And I apologize I think we've asked ttheir before. But given tthey floating rate nature of tthey loans, do you require borrowers to take any interest rate protection in tthey form of caps? Ivan Kaufman  Yes, our loans require caps. Some of ttheym have spring caps. Most of tthey loans have a lot of caps and of course, tthey rates were moving up. All ttheyse caps were -- if ttheyy weren't in place, it will be put in place and that was a whole process. So a majority of our loans are significant. Super majority of our loans have those caps. Operator Our next question will come from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws  I wanted to follow up on Steve Delaney's questions around CLO. But as older loans pay off and you're able to replenish ttheyse vehicles with newer production, how much incremental spread pickup is ttheyre on tthey new loans you're putting into those facilities? Ivan Kaufman  So let me give a little bit of an outlook, and I think ttheir will be theylpful. We have had, I think, eight price increases in tthey last nine months on our bridge pricing. That is eaten over a period of time. So we think that our bridge pricing, which was at one point in time, [300 to 350] over is a range is now [400 to 450] or almost a full point. So as loans pay off in those vehicles, we replace ttheym with higtheyr coupons. And Paul, you can really talk more about tthey math at ttheir point. Paul Elenio  Yes. So I think that's excellent color. And Steve, what we're seeing is for tthey -- we've been targeting over tthey last year as things were quite competitive somewtheyre 10%, 11% levered returns, maybe to 12%. In tthey second quarter, tthey $2 billion we originated, we actually got a 12% levered return on. I think we got just under 11% in tthey first quarter. And what Ivan and I were talking about tthey ottheyr day was tthey math is simple. Wtheyn we got ttheyse [1.63] overspread CLOs and we're now pricing deals at [4 to 4.50] over wtheyn loans are paying off that were [3, 3.50] over and wtheyn we're originating new loans at [4, 4.50] over and putting ttheym in those low-cost vehicles, those returns can meaningfully move. You could end up from an 11 to 12 to 14 to a 15. And we're starting to see that migration now in tthey new product. And that's why in Ivan's commentary, we talked about being very selective in our loans going forward and really having more normalized volumes going forward in our balance ttheyyet business. For instance, we think we originated -- we're about to close out July, we did about $230 million of new production in July, bridge-wise. We had about $120 million runoff, but more meaningfully than tthey size of tthey number is that 2.30 is going to be higtheyr credit quality and wider spreads, and we're going to replace that into vehicles and really drive up tthey returns pretty meaningfully. Ivan Kaufman And I think with that in mind, our outlook for tthey balance of tthey year is to try and manage our production to match our runoff. And we're going to try and take advantage of ttheyse low-cost vehicles not have to access tthey CLO market in a dislocated environment and try and maintain our balance ttheyyet at tthey level that is on at ttheir point in time. Steptheyn Laws  Appreciate tthey color. Tthey math ttheyre is certainly powerful as things turn over. Paul, I wanted to follow up on tthey repayment fees. I think you said $15 million ttheir quarter, that was roughly flat from $16 million. What are your expectations around that going forward, just kind of given tthey moves and everything we saw in tthey second quarter, kind of how should we think about what that will be on a go-forward basis? Paul Elenio  Sure. So a couple of things, and we've talked about ttheir for several quarters, Steve, and it's been surprising, Ivan and I. You have two factors, right? We saw about $1.2 billion in runoff in our servicing book in tthey second quarter. That was up from about $1.1 billion in tthey first quarter. Fees were somewhat flat, $16 million to $15 million. But we've been talking internally sales will certainly start to slow, right? Tthey market is changing. In fact, for July, I can give you some color. We collected $1.5 million in prepayment fees in July on $250 million of runoff. So that's any indication of what's to come, tthey numbers will be significantly down. And ttheyre will be significantly down for two reasons. One, sales volume is going to slow and already has started to in July. And two, as rates rise with SOFR sitting at 2.30 and LIBOR sitting at 2.37, your maintenance is a product of rates, right? So as rates rise, you'll maintenance turns to go down and sometimes even go away. But tthey good news is we'll be able to retain that in our portfolio and clip that servicing coupon, which is a long-term annuity that we love. So I do expect sales to decline significantly, and I do expect prepayment fees to come down significantly. Having said that, because of tthey size of our book, we're still going to have some of those fees. And again, 1.5 in July, if you annualize that, maybe it's 4.5, 4, I don't know what tthey number is, but it's not $15 million going forward. Operator Our next question will come from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Jade Rahmani Considering tthey growth in tthey balance ttheyyet portfolio, you all achieved tthey bridge loan portfolio over tthey last several quarters and tthey current change in valuations in real estate. How are you feeling about tthey credit quality of tthey existing portfolio and tthey outlook ttheyre? Ivan Kaufman  So I think wtheyn I mentioned earlier, Jade, that we had eight price increases over tthey last nine months, commensurate with that, we also adjusted our underwriting standards step by step by step. We've adjusted ttheym by having lower LTVs. I think our LTVs from nine months ago until now on tthey originations basis, probably 7 percentage points less We've adjusted our exit test because as we've talked on ttheir call wtheyn we do a bridge loan, every bridge loan is underwritten to Agency execution and final takeout. So we kept adjusting those underwriting standards. So we feel very comfortable with tthey book that we put on over tthey last nine months. In addition, a lot of our loans have a lot of different rebalance and tests that have good structural enhancements. So we're real comfortable with what we have in place and tthey way we manage our book and our asset management capability. So we've begun to go through our portfolio. We've begun to work with our borrowers and making sure that ttheyy have adequate interest reserves and replenishments to take it into consideration a rise in interest rates. And we're comfortable with tthey way we're running our outlook. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much for that. And on tthey multifamily rent growth side, it seems that rents are continuing to be very robust in tthey market. Across tthey servicing portfolio and tthey bridge loan portfolio in your surveillance, are you seeing continued strong rent growth? And are you seeing tthey transitional loans, those projects hit ttheyir business plans? Ivan Kaufman I think that tthey rent growths have far exceeded all of our underwriting and all our expectations. I mean you're seeing 10% to 20% rent growth. You're seeing people not having to use ttheyir renovation dollars to turn get ttheyir rent growth. So tthey rent growth story is still strong. I would put a caution on that a little different than tthey rest of tthey marketplace having been through a lot of cycles. I think if you're looking at a recession, we're going to lower rent growth going forward. And we're also going to a little bit higtheyr in economic vacancy. So we're still optimistic about what's in tthey portfolio and tthey rent rolls, but we are proceeding with some level of caution for 2023 with probably flat to 3% rent growth and 1 points to 2 points higtheyr in economic vacancy. That's how we're looking at 2022. Jade Rahmani  And under that scenario, what kind of delinquency rates or default rates does that imply? Anything material? Ivan Kaufman  Nominal. Not anything that's significant, not anything that we can't handle and not anything that's not within our capital projections. Jade Rahmani  So for tthey color that we've gotten from ottheyr mortgage REITs as well as diversified REITs we cover is a decline in values, somewtheyre in tthey 5% to 10% range and increase in cap rates somewtheyre in perhaps tthey 30 basis point to 60 basis point range. Do you concur with that? Or do you think that's maybe overly optimistic? Ivan Kaufman  I think that's overly optimistic. I think that values are all 5% to 20% on tthey marketplace. It all varies on tthey market and tthey type of collateral. And I think cap rates are up 50 basis points is probably tthey right level and in slow market, it's probably 75. So we're a lot more conservative. And we've been a lot more conservative, a lot more in anticipation of tthey slowdown in tthey market beginning nine to 12 months ago. So -- and we've been through special sale, we'll see how tthey sales behave. Jade Rahmani  Lastly, wtheyn you look at tthey bond market, tthey treasury market is beavering interestingly, and I think people are surprised by how low yields are, particularly, just say, tthey 10-year treasury. Are ttheyre rates that you look at that are more indicative, maybe a proxy versus tthey high-yield bond market or wtheyre CMBS is trading or CLOs. What do you think we should be focused on to gauge tthey theyalth of tthey commercial real estate finance markets? Ivan Kaufman  Well, right now, if you're looking at tthey liquidity in tthey CMBS market and tthey CLO market, it's taken a significant change. And as we said, we wouldn't want to execute into tthey CLO market today. I'm not sure wtheyttheyr it gets worse before it gets better. We're not thinking tthey CLO market is something we would execute into at least for anottheyr six to nine months. We'd have to see all -- we'd have to see AAAs on tthey CLO market get down to below 2 for us to feel attractive, and that would be kind of return to some normalcy. So tthey CMBS market, as you know, is not something that one would want to execute into near term. So we will see over tthey next three to six months if ttheyy return to a normalized level, ttheyse are not normalized levels. Jade Rahmani  And do you think acquiring securities is interesting, acquiring AAAs or ottheyr pieces of tthey capital stack and some of ttheyse CLO deals? Ivan Kaufman  Yes. Listen, we love to be in a position and something we'll explore as to wtheyttheyr we can put togettheyr some funds to start to acquire subordinate classes in tthey CLO market. We have tthey ability to understand tthey underlying that's better than most, as well as structures. And we think some of ttheyse subordinate classes are trading, ttheyy went off with $400 with [3.50] over and probably buy ttheym with $800 and we think that's a good trade, and it’s something that we would love to do as a firm. Jade Rahmani  Well, certainly in tthey past, Arbor hass been creative at putting togettheyr opportunistic strategies. So look forward to seeing that. Operator Our next question will come from Crispin Love with Piper Sandler. Crispin Love  Congrats on a great quarter theyre. First one is on just core expenses. Core expenses look to be very well contained during tthey quarter. So I'm curious if ttheyre's anything that you did proactively theyre to keep ttheym under control, especially on tthey compensation side or if ttheyre's any ottheyr areas to call out? Paul Elenio  Sure. So let me just do it at a high level and ttheyn maybe if Ivan wants to ctheme in, they can. So, you have to look at tthey numbers comparatively, Crispin. So yes, last quarter, I think we put up about $57 million in comp and G&A combined. Ttheir quarter it’s $52 million, but ttheyre's some variable items in ttheyre that you've got to strip out and kind of compare. So commissions were about $6.5 million last quarter. Ttheyy were about $5 million ttheir quarter. So that’s $1.5 million change. And that's variable based on wtheyre volumes are. Obviously, we had a more sale volume last quarter on tthey Agency side because of an APL trade that we were able to get off. And ttheyn stock comp, stock comp was $6 million last quarter. It was only $3 million ttheir quarter because ttheyre are a lot of one-time grants that we give to our employees in March of tthey year as part of ttheyir comp plan. So wtheyn you strip all that out comp and G&A came in about $44 million ttheir quarter, and it came in about $46 million last quarter without those variable items. So it is down $2 million. Most of that is because of tthey FICO reset, right? Tthey first quarter is always a little bit elevated because FICO -- you have tthey FICO cap that you've got to hit on tthey bonuses for tthey executives. And ttheyn that comes down. But having said all that, I think we've done a really good job of maintaining our staff, maintaining our cost. We've been preparing for ttheir cycle for some time. And although I guided probably having comp and G&A up 15% on last quarter's call year-over-year, I think it's more like 10% now, and maybe we'll even do better than that. But yes, we've done a good job of making sure that we're only growing our staff in tthey areas that we think are meaningful, tthey asset management side, tthey servicing side, and that's tthey reason tthey numbers are wtheyre ttheyy are. Ivan Kaufman  Just to comment on that, we're in a very different environment than we were two years ago, wtheyre ttheir industry was inundated with massive volumes and everybody had to do what ttheyy can to retain ttheyir staff as well as attract staff and costs we're getting out of control. So clearly, ttheyre were outsized things that were not in a normal course of business, but our volumes were big enough to offset that. I think we're going to a more normalized environment. I think you'll see us being in a very good position to do a better job at managing our costs and our productivity. So we look forward to getting back to normal in that sense. Crispin Love  Great. That's all theylpful. And ttheyn I appreciate your commentary earlier on originations in tthey Structured business, but I'm just curious if you can get a little bit of a finer point on it. So if I kind of start with tthey second quarter, that $2.05 billion kind of divide that by 3 is about 680 per month, which was a little bit below your 800 that you talked about last quarter. So first, I'm just curious on how originations trended through tthey quarter? And ttheyn is that $230 million that you talked about for July kind of a good kind of jumping off point to tthey next few quarters? Ivan Kaufman  Yes. I want to give a little color and maybe ttheir will theylp on tthey credit conversation as well. So tthey comments were geared towards us. We had a very, very large pipeline going into tthey last three to four months. And we were sctheyduled to probably close $750 million to $1 billion a month. And our pipeline was probably at one of tthey larger points, and we took an extraordinarily active approach with our borrowers, letting ttheym know that tthey loans had to be resized because rates have gone up, values had adjusted. And we're a lender, we're not a broker, and we own tthey risk on all loans. And we work very hard with tthey borrowers to eittheyr go back and get a price reduction or reequitize ttheyir loans with anywtheyre between 5% and 10% more. As a result of that, we had a massive fallout in our pipeline because ttheyy understood with our guidance that ttheyir values were different than what ttheyy went to contract under. So we were able to really shrink tthey number of loans that we needed to close to a very, very considerable pace, 50%, even more. My comments in terms of my outlook going forward is that we're expecting anywtheyre between on tthey low side, $100 million runoff per month to $400 million on tthey high side in our current portfolio. So more normalized $200 million to $300 million of runoff a month. That's probably tthey level in which we will look to originate for tthey balance of tthey year. We think it's a theyalthy level. And we think that's a level that's appropriate for our capital and still maintain a leading position as a balance ttheyyet originator. So that's how I would look at tthey outlook at tthey present time given tthey environment. That, of course, could change. That's on tthey current scenario. Paul, do you want to give any color on that? Paul Elenio  That's exactly -- Ivan, it's exactly what we're doing, Crispin, wtheyre we came in 230 for July, $120 million of runoff with a little light runoff in July. But Ivan's right. We're estimating anywtheyre $200 million to $300 million a month in bridge production, but we're going to be managing that against our runoff to keep our portfolio kind of constant to maybe growing a little bit And things can change, but that's our run rate right now. Crispin Love  Great. That's all really theylpful. So kind of tthey idea is you're looking more at maintaining tthey portfolio theyre just in tthey environment rattheyr than kind of increasing like you have been? Ivan Kaufman  And recycle it into higtheyr rate loans as well. Paul Elenio  That's very important. So while tthey portfolio may not grow substantially for tthey balance of tthey year, tthey levered returns will grow because we're putting our capital out at higtheyr returns and financing ttheym in ttheyse low cost vehicles we have that will really drive up tthey returns. Operator I'd now like to hand tthey call back over to Mr. Ivan Kaufman for any closing or additional remarks. Ivan Kaufman Well, that concludes our call today. Appreciate everybody's participation. Clearly, ttheyse are adjusting times and changing times, which we feel we are extremely well positioned. We're pleased to have once again increased our dividend, which is a remarkable effort and result. And look forward to next quarter's call. Have a great rest of tthey summer, everybody. Take care. Operator Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Ttheir concludes today's conference call, and we appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at any time.