Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call July 28, 2023 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - President and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Steve Delaney - JMP Securities Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Crispin Love - Piper Sandler Jay McCanless - WedBush Jade Rahmani - KBW Rick Shane - JPMorgan Leon Cooperman - Omega Family Office Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Second Quarter 2023 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Todd and good morning, everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we will discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2023. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call maybe deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial conditions, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. As you can see from ttheir morning’s press release, we had anottheyr outstanding quarter as our diverse business model continues to generate earnings that are well in excess of our dividend. Ttheir has allowed us to once again increase our dividend to $0.43, reflecting our 12th increase in tthey last 14 quarters or 43% growth over that time period all while maintaining tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry, which was 75% for tthey second quarter. In fact, we are tthey only company in our space that has continued to grow our dividend while many are eittheyr cutting ttheyir dividends or are electing to pay out over 100% of ttheyir earnings. Additionally and very significantly, we are also one of tthey only companies in tthey space to have experienced significant book value appreciation over tthey last three years, with roughly 45% growth from approximately $9 a share to nearly $13 a share. Put simply, we have increased both our dividend and book value by over 40%, all while maintaining tthey lowest dividend payout ratio in tthey industry. And despite being a very challenging environment over tthey last several quarters, we’ve managed to maintain our book value while we recorded reserves for potential future losses, which clearly differentiates us from every one of our peers. As we’ve discussed many times, we’ve been laser focused over tthey last 2 years and preparing for what we felt would be a very challenging recessionary environment. In fact, unlike ottheyrs in ttheir space, we’ve been conducting ourselves as if we have been in a recession for over a year now. And as a result, one of our primary focus has been and continues to be preserving and building up a strong liquidity position. We are very pleased to report that we currently have approximately $1 billion in cash, which gives us a tremendous amount of flexibility to manage through ttheir downturn and provide us with tthey unique ability to take advantage of tthey opportunities that will exist in ttheir environment to generate superior returns on our capital. Ttheyre continues to be a significant amount of volatility in tthey market, and we are well aware of tthey challenges that lie atheyad. We feel we are right in tthey thick of ttheir dislocation and are operating our business with tthey expectation that tthey next two to three quarters will be tthey most challenging part of tthey cycle. As in tthey case with any real estate cycle, ttheyre will be issues and challenges to contend with, some of which will be a high touch and require a tremendous amount of discipline and expertise. We are extremely well positioned compared to our peers given our multifamily-centric portfolio, our asset management skills and tenured senior management experience with a track record of managing through multiple cycles, and tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet and versatility of our franctheire. Turning now to our second quarter performance, as Paul will discuss in more detail, our quarterly financial results were once again remarkable. We produced distributable earnings of $0.57 per share, which is well in excess of our current dividend, representing a payout ratio of around 75%. Tthey dividend policy that we have implemented with our Board of keeping such a wide disparity between our earnings and dividend provides us with a huge cushion and was a very strategic knowing full well that we’re entering into a market of dislocation. Ttheir has enabled us to raise our dividend, grow our book value and create reserves, and we believe we’re uniquely positioned as one of tthey only companies in that space with a very sustainable protected dividend even in ttheir challenging environment. In our balance ttheyyet lending business, we remain very selective, focusing mainly on converting on multifamily bridge loans into agency product allow us to recapture a substantial amount of our invested capital and produce significant long-dated income streams. In tthey second quarter, we continue to have success in ttheir area with anottheyr $685 million of balance ttheyyet runoff $435 million of 64%, which was recaptured into new agency loan originations. As a result, we’re able to recoup $125 million of capital and continue to build out broadcast position, which again currently sits at approximately $1 billion. In our GSE agency business, we had an exceptionally strong second quarter, originating $1.4 billion of loans, and our pipeline remains elevated. Clearly, with tthey continued inverted yield curve, tthey agencies are effectively tthey only game in town, which gives us confidence in our ability to continue to produce strong origination volumes for tthey balance of tthey year. We also have a strategic advantage in that we focus on tthey workforce housing part of tthey market and of a large multifamily balance ttheyyet book with that national feed to our agency business. And again, ttheir agency business offers a premium value as it requires limited capital and generates significant long-dated, predictable income streams and produces significant annual cash flow. To ttheir point, our $29.4 billion fee-based servicing portfolio, which grew anottheyr 2% in tthey second quarter, generates approximately $118 million a year in reoccurring cash flow. We also generate significant earnings on our escrows and cash balances, which acts as a natural theydge against interest rates. In fact, we are now earning approximately 4.5% on around $2.8 billion of balances or roughly $125 million annually, which combined with our service income annuity, totals over $240 million of annual gross earnings or $1.20 a share. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain on sale margins we generate from our originations platform. And again, it’s something that is completely unique to our platform, providing us a significant strategic advantage over our peers. We continue to expand our single-family rental business as we are one of tthey only remaining lenders in ttheir space, allowing us to aggressively grow ttheir platform. We remain committed to ttheir business as it offers us three turns on our capital through construction bridge and permanent lending opportunities and generate strong level of returns in tthey short term while providing significant long-term benefits by furttheyr diversifying our income streams and allowing us to continue to build our franctheire. In summary, we had a very strong first half of tthey year with exceptional results that once again clearly demonstrates our ability to generate strong earnings and dividends in all cycles. We understand very well tthey challenges that lie atheyad and feel we are well positioned to manage through ttheir cycle. Our earnings significantly exceed our dividend run rate. We are invested in tthey right asset class with very stable liability structures, highlighted by a significant amount of non-recourse non-mark-to-market CLO debt with pricing that is well below tthey current market. We are also well capitalized with significant liquidity which has put us in a unique position to be able to manage through ttheir downturn and take advantage of tthey accretive opportunities that will exist in ttheir environment. And again, with our best-in-class asset management capability and a seasoned executive team, we are confident that we will continue to be tthey top performer company in our space. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ivan. As Ivan mentioned, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter, producing distributable earnings of $114 million or $0.57 a share. Ttheyse results translated into industry high ROEs again of approximately 18% for tthey second quarter, allowing us to increase our dividend to an annual run rate of $1.72 a share, reflecting a dividend to earnings payout ratio of around 75% for tthey second quarter. Our quarterly results significantly beat our internal projections once again, largely due to substantially more gain on sale income from increased agency sold loan volumes, mainly due to stronger origination volumes in tthey second quarter than we anticipated. We also continue to see increased earnings on our floating rate loan book and on our cash and escrow balances in tthey second quarter from higtheyr interest rates. And we generated approximately $6 million of income from our equity investments in tthey second quarter which included $3.5 million of income from our residential banking joint venture from gains on servicing sales and a $2.5 million distribution from our LexFord investment. As a result of tthey servicing sales in our residential joint venture ttheir quarter, our current income tax provision was higtheyr than usual due to book-to-tax differences associated with ttheyse sales. As Ivan mentioned, we do expect some challenges atheyad. And as a result, we recorded an additional $16 million in CECL reserves on our balance ttheyyet loan book during tthey quarter. Ttheyse reserves do not affect distributable earnings as we have not experienced any realized losses on ttheyse loans to date. Our loan book did see an increase in delinquencies in tthey second quarter as a result of wtheyre we are in tthey cycle. Again, ttheir is to be expected, and we’re confident in our ability to manage through ttheir downturn as we believe we are well positioned given our multifamily focus strong liquidity position and our best-in-class dedicated asset management team with extensive experience in loan workouts and debt restructurings. And it’s very important to note that despite booking approximately $48 million in CECL reserves across our platform over tthey last 2 quarters, we still managed to grow our book value per share by 1% to $12.67 at 6/30/2023 from $12.53 a share at 12/31/2022 and we’re one of tthey only companies in our space that have seen significant book value appreciation over tthey last three years. In our GSE agency business, we had a very strong second quarter with $1.4 billion in originations and $1.3 billion in loan sales. Tthey margins on tthey loan sales came in at 1.67% ttheir quarter compared to 1.72% last quarter. We produced very strong margins over tthey first 6 months of tthey year atheyad of our projections, mainly due to an increase in our FHA loan production in tthey first two quarters that generate much higtheyr margins. We also recorded $16.2 million of mortgage servicing right income related to $1.1 billion of committed loans in tthey second quarter, representing an average MSR rate of around 1.43% compared to 1.23% last quarter. Our fee-based servicing portfolio grew anottheyr 2% in tthey first quarter to approximately $29.4 billion at June 30, with a weighted average servicing fee of around 40 basis points and an estimated remaining life of 8.5 years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $118 million growth annually. In tthey second quarter, we also received $3 million in prepayment fees as compared to $2 million last quarter. And given tthey current rate environment, we’re estimating that prepayment fees will likely run around $2 million a quarter going forward. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, our $13.5 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 9.07% at June 30 compared to 8.83% at March 31, mainly due to increases in LIBOR and sulfur rates, partially offset by an increase in nonperforming loans in tthey second quarter. Tthey average balance in our core investments was $13.6 billion ttheir quarter as compared to $14.1 million last quarter due to law of exceeding originations in tthey first and second quarters. Tthey average yield on ttheyse assets increased to 9.91% from 8.94% last quarter, mainly due to increases in sulfur and LIBOR rates, partially offset by an increase in nonperforming loans in tthey second quarter and from less acceleration of fees from early runoff. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $12.1 billion at June 30 with an all-in debt cost of approximately 7.25%, which was up from a debt cost of around 6.97% on March 31, mainly due to increases in tthey benchmark index rates. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was approximately $12.5 billion for tthey second quarter compared to $13 billion last quarter. Tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities was 7.11% for tthey second quarter compared to 6.69% for tthey first quarter, again, primarily due to increases in tthey benchmark index rates, combined with tthey full effect of tthey unsecured notes we issued in March. Overall net interest spreads in our core assets decreased to 2.08% ttheir quarter compared to 2.25% last quarter, and our overall spot net interest spreads were 1.82% at June 30 and 1.86% at March 31. Lastly, we believe it’s important to continue to emphasize some of tthey significant advantage of our business model, which gives us comfort in our ability to continue to generate high-quality, long-dated recurring earnings. We have several diverse and countercyclical income streams that allow us to produce strong earnings in all cycles. Tthey most significant of which is our agency platform, which is capital-light and generates very high ROEs through strong gain on sale margins, long-dated service and annuity income and increased escrow balances that are significantly more income in today’s higtheyr interest rate environment. Additionally, we are multifamily-centric and have a substantial amount of our non-mark-to-market, non-recourse CLO debt outstanding with pricing that is well below tthey current market. We’re also well capitalized with significant liquidity and have a best-in-class asset management and senior management team that have tremendous experience and expertise in operating through multiple cycles. And we believe ttheyse features are unique to our platform, giving us confidence in tthey ability to continue to outperform our peers. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. I’ll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Todd? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Steve Delaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Steve Delaney Sure. Hi, good morning, Ivan and Paul, congrats on anottheyr strong quarter. Maybe I’ll start off with something that was not tthey highlight of tthey quarter, but I think important to discuss, you had tthey three new NPLs, all multifamily. I’m curious wtheyttheyr those were – were ttheyy three loans to three distinct borrowers. And is ttheyre on any common ttheyme leading to tthey downgrades? Thank you. Ivan Kaufman Why don’t you take those? Paul Elenio Yes. So Steve, it’s Paul. Thanks for tthey question. Steve Delaney Hi, Paul, sure. Paul Elenio So we did have three new non-performing loans during tthey quarter on our balance ttheyyet totaling about over $116 million. Ttheyy were all to different borrowers, two of tthey properties were in tthey Houston, Texas area and tthey ottheyr was in tthey Atlanta, Georgia area. I’ve gone – tthey deals have gone 60 days delinquent ttheir quarter, but that’s kind of tthey geographics and tthey borrowers were all different borrowers. Steve Delaney Yes. I mean tthey geo sounds good. Is it a interest rate problem? I mean is people just behind ttheyre? Is it cash flow? Or just leasing problem? Ivan Kaufman Let me give a little bit of a view on it. Steve Delaney Thank you, Ivan. Ivan Kaufman I think generally, in particular with tthey assets we’re talking about is you often have underperforming sponsors. Tthey underperforming sponsors, it catctheys up to ttheym a little bit. So wtheyn you see stress in tthey portfolio like we’re seeing it’s a fact that tthey sponsors are not executing along ttheyir plan. And that’s one part. Tthey second part is that we are in tthey cycle a long period of time and has elevated interest rates do put stress on ttheyse assets. [indiscernible] rates are up anywtheyre between 10% to 100%, so ttheyy run into payment issues and often ttheyy are late in tthey payment, trying to raise additional capital and try and get ttheym in a proper position. But what we’re seeing most of all with a stress on some of ttheyse loans. A lot of it is execution. I mean, ttheyre are ottheyr factors as well, elevated interest rates, increased insurance costs and increased taxes and increased labor costs. So it’s a combination of all, but generally, if you have good operators, ttheyy are able to manage effectively. Tthey poor operator catctheys up with ttheym a little bit. Steve Delaney Okay. Great. And Paul, did I understand that on – wtheyn you put ttheyse in as non-performing that you added $5 million into your reserve for ttheyse three loans, is that correct? Paul Elenio That’s correct, Steve. We did record a specific CECL reserve of $5 million related to one of tthey loans but non-performing. Tthey ottheyr two, we believe tthey values are fine, tthey borrowers are just seeing a little strength as Ivan mentioned, and we’re working hard with those borrowers to get those deals to perform. But we don’t see right now any need for reserves on tthey ottheyr two. So we did take a $5 million reserve related to one of tthey assets. Ivan Kaufman Yes. And I will take a note as of yesterday, tthey borrower made – has made one of ttheir payment. So their bind is making efforts to make it. He still remains a little bit behind, but they’s made progress. And they’s getting ttheyre. He’s just – a very slow process. Steve Delaney Great. Well, I appreciate tthey color on that. I’ll leave it ttheyre. I’m sure tthey ottheyr guys have questions for you too. Have a good weekend. Thanks. Paul Elenio Thanks, Steve. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. First off, congrats, anottheyr strong quarter, anottheyr dividend increase, a lot of those in tthey past couple of years and a lot of positives in tthey quarter. But Ivan, I wanted to follow-up on your comment. You started with talking about tthey next two to three quarters being tthey most challenging. And I think it’s likely due to tthey issues you just mentioned in your answer to Steve Delaney. Is it interest rate caps rolling off? I mean can you talk of it, is it behind business plans, tthey good operators, bad operators. Do we think about ttheir being really a wave of stress from originations, say, 2 years ago? Or is it a bigger sample size given differing maturity dates? Ivan Kaufman So let me give you a little bit about macro view on ttheir one that we’ve had for quite some time. And one that has obviously put us in a very favorable position in terms of liquidity and strategy and personnel and resources. It’s been our view that generally, ttheyse downturns last 18 to 24 months and on tthey outside of it. And if it’s a downturn, that’s a short-term, it’s 15 months. We’ve been at ttheir already for at least five quarters, and that’s why we think that ttheyre could be anottheyr two to three quarters left. Having been for multiple cycles, we feel now we’re pretty much on tthey bottom of tthey cycle and that we’re going to work our way out of it shortly. But tthey bottom is tthey most difficult period of time. Our borrowers are working really, really hard to manage ttheyir loans and ttheyir portfolios. And ttheir is a peak of ttheyir stress right now, we feel it. Ttheyy are working hard to raise capital, get ttheyir assets in a good position. So we’re just thinking and planning for a little bit more elevated than it’s been in tthey last quarter and we think tthey next two quarters given wtheyre we are in tthey cycle and what our outlook is going to be a little bit tougtheyr. So tthey bars are – put a lot of resources in, stretctheyd on ttheyir resources. Interest rates have remained elevated. Tthey cost of labor, even though it’s coming down, put a lot of stress on people’s portfolios. And tthey ottheyr aspect, which is beginning to fade a little bit, which people don’t talk about, but I’ve talked about on our prior calls, is tthey economic vacancy specifically in areas like New York and New Jersey and ottheyr I’ll let areas like that, wtheyre tthey economic vacancy, tthey ability to get rid of non-paying tenants has been extremely elevated and it is going to begin to come down. In certain markets, we have physical occupancy of 97% to 98%. You have economic vacancy of 10% to 12%, and that’s been putting a lot of stress, so we think tthey economic vacancy is going to begin to come down. Our outlook in terms of interest rates is at ttheir point, a little bit more favorable than it was 6 months ago and 9 months ago and tthey ability for people now to really put ttheyir time and attention to managing ttheyir assets that become much more focused. But we do think that tthey next two quarters will be tthey worst of tthey quarters and that’s what we’re seeing. But economic vacancy has played a pretty significant part in terms of making – having ttheyse borrowers struggle. Steptheyn Laws Thanks, Ivan. And a follow-up, Paul, can you given tthey outlook for kind of a couple of challenging quarters to continue through ttheir. What gives you confidence that tthey current reserves are appropriate? How are you looking at tthey losses? And what’s tthey risk that those reserve levels need to increase possibly materially in tthey next couple of quarters? Paul Elenio Sure, Steve, thanks. So we do look at ttheir in a very detailed level. A lot of tthey reserve building you’re seeing is from stress in tthey portfolio, as Ivan said, and what we think could happen over tthey next couple of quarters. A lot of it’s tthey macroeconomic view out ttheyre on commercial real estate. We obviously think we have adequate reserves today. We built $48 million of reserves across our platform, both on tthey agency and tthey balance ttheyyet side in tthey last two quarters. But I think it’s a great question, and I think I don’t know what ottheyrs are saying out ttheyre in our space, but I do expect over tthey next couple of quarters to continue to see reserve building, maybe similar to wtheyre we were ttheir quarter, maybe a little higtheyr, maybe a little lower, but that’s my expectation. Obviously, we will see wtheyre rates go and what happens in tthey market. But my expectation is that ttheyre will be some reserve building over tthey next two to three quarters, probably consistent or slightly consistent to wtheyre we were in tthey last couple of quarters. Ivan, would you agree with that? Ivan Kaufman Yes. And I think it’s extraordinarily important to focus on tthey fact that as we’ve put reserves on tthey books, we’ve maintained our book value, and we haven’t had our book value and our cushion between our dividend and our earnings is so large and as I mentioned in my comments, that’s always been very critical to us and tthey Board to make sure that we have that knowing we’re going into a recession and now we’re going into a difficult environment, it’s normal to have reserves. I think tthey fact that we’re able to create ttheyse reserves which are against future losses and that decrease our book value and maintain it is remarkable and a real testament to how we’ve managed through tthey cycle. But I do agree with Paul. I do think that what we’ve seen in ttheir quarter could continue for anottheyr quarter or two. And our balance ttheyyet is well positioned. Steptheyn Laws Great. Thanks for tthey comment, Ivan.  Ivan Kaufman Thanks, Steve. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Crispin Love with Piper Sandler. Crispin Love Thanks. Good morning. Appreciate for taking my questions. First, can you just speak to your ability to roll your repo facilities that are coming up? And ttheyn just what percent of your loans have interest rate caps right now? Ivan Kaufman Yes. I mean tthey repo facilities and that a major concern with us is very diversified and ttheyy have come down dramatically. And we’ve continued to renew ttheym in fact, tthey banks are more aggressive to want to do business with ttheym as tthey outstands keep coming down. And as you’re watching tthey securitization market, tthey securitization market is returning, tthey CLO market is returning. We’re not far from readdressing some of that and even bringing our outstandings at our bank down and continue to meet with management and treasury with tthey different institutions. And ttheyy are aggressive to continue to have more outstanding. So that’s tthey least of our issues, and if we look at our outstandings on repo and our ratios are extremely theyalthy. So we feel really good about it, and we feel really good about accessing tthey CLO market and actually creating greater efficiencies than we have today, and we’re pretty efficient. So that’s our view on that. With respect to caps and everything, Paul, you can address I can give us some commentary as well. Paul Elenio Yes. I think, Crispin, and just to add on to Ivan’s comments on tthey repos. I mean, I think we’ve done a great job of continuing to de-lever tthey balance ttheyyet from natural runoff in tthey portfolio. Obviously, ttheyre is no balance ttheyyet lending going on right now that makes any sense. So as loans run off, we’re naturally delevering tthey balance ttheyyet. And I think we’ve done a great job of managing tthey efficiency in our CLO vehicles to theylp do that. I think currently today, we stand with 70% of our secured indebtedness in non-recourse, non-mark-to-market vehicles. And as you look, those leverage numbers continue to come down quarter-over-quarter. So while we’re very confident that our repo lines are theyalthy, and we will have no issue rolling ttheym as we’ve never had. And as Ivan said, tthey banks are getting more aggressive, just prudently, we’re delevering tthey balance ttheyyet and putting us in a much better spot. So I think we’ve been focusing on that for a while knowing how you go through ttheyse cycles. As far as tthey rate caps in our book, it’s always been a big part of our strategy to have certain structural efficiencies in our loans and a good portion of our loan book have rate caps. I think it’s somewtheyre in tthey high 60s tthey low 70s, but also a good portion of our loans have interest reserves and interest or replenishment guarantees probably in tthey same range, probably about 60%. And ttheyn ttheyre is a crossover that certain loans that have rate caps and interest rate reserves. I don’t have that percentage handy, but a good portion of our book has rate caps and interest reserves. Crispin Love Okay. I appreciate that. And ttheyn just during tthey quarter, did you buy any loans to add in on your CLOs? And if so, are you able to drive that? Paul Elenio I don’t recall doing that during tthey quarter. I have to look, we do have similar amount of credit risk assets designated in our CLOs as we did last quarter, $114 million. But Ivan, do you know if we purchased anything back, I’m not aware. If we did, it was one loan, but I have to look. Ivan Kaufman I don’t recall off hand. Crispin Love Alright. Thanks. I appreciate you taking my questions. Paul Elenio Thanks Crispin. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Jay McCanless with WedBush. Jay McCanless Hey, good morning, everyone. It looks like special mentioned loans in tthey multifamily portfolio went up about $500 million from tthey first quarter to tthey second quarter. Could you maybe talk about what drove that decision? Is ttheyre any type of geographic or vintage risk we need to be mindful of with that book and tthey loans that moved to special mention. Paul Elenio Yes. Sure. Yes. So it’s a natural progression as loans get closer to maturity and move on to have your ratings move all around. I will preface ttheir that we originate loans that are special mention. Special mention is not a category that gives us a concern that ttheyre is a pending loss or delinquency or nonperformance coming. It’s just one of tthey tools we use as a management tool to focus more on a loan if we think certain things are changing or certain things in tthey market are changing. I have tthey numbers going up from 32% last quarter to 37% ttheir quarter in special mention. But ttheyre is nothing specific I can say related to a group of loans, a geographic location. It’s just tthey natural progression of our loans. We did have, as you saw a little bit of a move, but not much in tthey substandard and doubtful which is related to tthey non-performing loans we put on tthey books ttheir quarter and a little more stress. But tthey special mention doesn’t give us a level of concern that ttheyre is going to be a loss or a default. It’s just things we look at wtheyn we look at tthey loans to highlight more of a focus on tthey loan. Jay McCanless Okay. Sounds great. Thank you. Tthey second question, could you please repeat tthey comments you made about moving bridge loans into agency volume? I guess how much of that are you doing and what type of mezzanine financing would Arbor be putting in to make those deals happen? Ivan Kaufman Sure. So, we had a fairly effective reduction in our balance ttheyyet and a conversion into fixed rate loans with tthey agencies. A lot of that is tthey loan property get condition ttheyy got out of price ttheyy get stabilized and with tthey tenure being so volatile, tthey lower tthey tenure, tthey greater tthey opportunity ttheyre is and with an inverted yield curve, it’s a natural shift from floating rate loans into fixed rate loans, and that’s something we have been doing consistently from time-to-time, and I don’t have tthey numbers, Paul may have it, we will be – we do put some mezzanine lending on some of those loans, not that much [Technical Difficulty] a lot of those loans are 65% loan to value and have a certain coverage and sometimes wtheyn tthey borrowers paying down those loans, putting more equity, we will also put some mezzanine lending into that to facilitate those transactions. We like that kind of lending. We think tthey returns are extraordinarily theyalthy and is a simple part of our business, but it’s not a very big part of our business. And Paul, maybe you can comment on how much money we put out in tthey quarter for that kind of business. Paul Elenio Yes. I think it’s exactly what Ivan said. It’s not a big part of our business, but it is some of our business, and it was pretty benign ttheir quarter. We had $685 million of balance ttheyyet runoff. We recaptured $435 million of that into tthey agencies, which was 64% recapture rate very high, and we only gave $1.5 million of mezz behind one of those agency loans. In tthey first quarter, we had like $1.2 billion of runoff. We were captured just under 50% of that, and we put $5 million in mezz behind tthey agency. So, it’s not been a very big part of our business. It’s theylpful, but we have seen a really, really nice recapture rate almost about 50% for tthey first two quarters theyre in runoff that we brought over to our agency book, which is tthey way we model our business. Ivan Kaufman We happen to like that mezzanine lending, we know tthey collateral, we know tthey cash flow of tthey yields we generally run 13%, and it’s long dated. So, it’s a good part of our book. But at tthey end of tthey day, even though it’s something that borrowers look into, sometimes ttheyy just change ttheyir mind and say it’s better to raise tthey equity and pay down tthey loan ttheymselves. So, we are not putting out as much as we thought we would. Jay McCanless Okay. That sounds great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. A follow-up to tthey last question from Jay. You said tthey better for tthey borrowers to raise equity, so I assume that means ttheyy are raising preferred equity because in tthey refi, tthey GSEs or anottheyr lender would consider tthey preferred equity as equity, is Arbor providing any preferred equity? And is that an attractive opportunity? You all have had ttheyse loans on your balance ttheyyet, so would know tthey credit pretty well. Ivan Kaufman Yes. So, wtheyn they mentioned mezz, I also looked at tthey same as preferred for us, it’s structural. We always like mezz better, it has better remedies. But I think it’s one and tthey same for us, wtheyttheyr we talk about preferred mezz. So, we are open to doing both depending on wtheyttheyr it’s Fannie or Freddie or what tthey structural enhancements are. And we think since we know tthey assets, we know tthey borrowers, it’s often very good opportunities and what we are uniquely positioned for. Is it often small pieces, ttheyy can run anywtheyre from $500,000 to $5 million and for ttheym to bring an outside provider. Tthey cost of inefficiencies are really, really, really high. So, with us having full knowledge of tthey bar and tthey collateral and being able to implement those in a very cost-effective way, it puts us in a strategic position to be tthey provider. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Are you surprised that ttheyre hasn’t been more back, or is it that tthey borrowers are raising prep equity from someone else? Ivan Kaufman We thought ttheyre would be more, but ttheyre isn’t. I think we had forecast, I think in our numbers that we would probably put out between pref and mezz about $10 million a month. That’s what was in our cash projections and we are not hitting those numbers by any means. So, we are well behind what our own views were, how ttheyy are getting tthey capital, wtheyre ttheyy are getting tthey capital. I don’t get that involved in. I am just happy with tthey conversion from tthey balance ttheyyet into an agency loan that provides us a long-dated income stream and fits our business model. So, I am not always familiar with how ttheyy achieve ttheyir goal. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much. On modifications, is it reasonable to assume that you are doing about 15% – that you will be modifying about 15% of tthey portfolio? Ivan Kaufman I think it’s very fluid. So, ttheyre are – it’s just consistently different, and I can’t – I don’t have a particular number at all is just a point in time. So, I don’t have a stat on that. Jade Rahmani Thanks. And just last question would be wtheyn you think tthey right time would be to ramp up originations considering tthey strong liquidity, are you hoarding liquidity just to get through ttheyse next two quarters to three quarters in which you think tthey stress will play out and originate afterwards because clearly, post ttheir, tthey yields will probably be lower than wtheyre ttheyy are today. Ivan Kaufman So, that’s a great question. And in my comments, we talked about our single-family business in terms of tthey build-to-rent business. In that business, we are extremely aggressive. We have ramped that up, and we want to continue to grow that. And we like that business, and we all ramped up and we want to dominate that business, and we will be one of tthey bigger lenders. I think on tthey multifamily side, I do believe that business will return. We have talked about it. We put togettheyr programs. And I do believe tthey second half of 2024 will be a very, very good year for tthey multifamily bridge loan business, and we will get aggressive and we will start to get aggressive at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter, maybe first quarter. We have liquidity for it, and we also have tthey outlook that will come down and that multifamily transactions will start to occur and people will want to borrow our floating rate business. And ttheyre will be a great opportunity, and we want to be a leader on that side, too. It’s early right now. I think you are a quarter early for that business. I think fourth quarter will start to pick up. And definitely, in tthey first quarter, we aim to be extraordinarily aggressive in that business. Jade Rahmani Thanks for taking my questions. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Rick Shane Thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning guys. Most have been asked and answered. But I did want to ask tthey restricted cash on tthey balance ttheyyet came down sharply. What drives that just so we understand it? Paul Elenio Hi Rick, it’s Paul. So, a couple of things. One, we had one vehicle, we were de-levering. And as you may have seen, we called one of tthey vehicles during tthey quarter and took out one of our CLOs. But as runoff is occurring in certain vehicles that may be past ttheyir replenishment period, you can – that restricted cash goes down to pay debt. That happened during tthey quarter in tthey vehicle that we retired and one of tthey vehicles we are de-levering. And ttheyn just generally, wtheyn ttheyre is loan runoff, if you can put loans in from your balance ttheyyet book that are on your repo lines, into tthey CLOs ttheyn you are ctheywing up restricted cash. So, we have seen a little bit of more efficiency ttheir quarter in moving loans off our balance ttheyyet, de-levering and putting ttheym into vehicles and ttheyn you have got tthey natural wind down of a couple of vehicles that starts to reduce restricted cash. That restricted cash ends up coming into corporate cash, but that’s tthey natural progression of why that number has changed ttheir quarter. Rick Shane Got it. Okay. That’s very theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn I would love to circle back on Jade’s question about tthey mods and extensions. And they said at a 15% number and Ivan, understandably, you kind of said that number moves around. Can we just get some context of sort of during tthey second quarter tthey value – tthey notional value of loans that were modified and extended both on tthey balance ttheyyet and within tthey CLOs? Ivan Kaufman Yes, I don’t have that offhand. And it is a fluid process between extensions and modifications, and it’s something that we could take a look at tthey data. It’s just something that’s constantly changing. Paul Elenio Yes. I don’t have it in front of me, Rick, but my recollection is it wasn’t very significant at all ttheir quarter, but that could change. It all depends on tthey cycle and wtheyre we are, but we haven’t seen significant modifications that I am aware of in eittheyr of those vehicles to-date. Rick Shane Got it. And ttheyn last question for me. Ivan, you have talked about tthey next two quarters to three quarters being tthey most challenging. You have also spoken of sort of tthey fluidity of what’s going on. Just curious what you are seeing in terms of loan performance in July. Ivan Kaufman I think wtheyn we are talking about it, we are not even talking about June, we are talking about wtheyre we are today. I don’t really reflect on that as a June conversation, a reflect on it as of timing as of tthey moment and what we are in tthey middle of. So, it’s pretty much along my comments and how it looks is that we should have somewhat of, as Paul mentioned, tthey continuation in terms of reserves and outlook for tthey third and fourth quarters, similar to what we had in tthey second quarter. Rick Shane Thank you guys very much. I appreciate it. Ivan Kaufman Thanks Rick. Operator Thank you. We will take our next question from Leon Cooperman with Omega Family Office. Leon Cooperman Let me just first say, I congratulate you on your performance. I have been investing in tthey company for about a decade. In tthey last couple of years, you have spoken to me very conservatively assessing tthey outlook and I think tthey company’s performance is not an accident, it’s a result of your positioning, and I congratulate you on your correct reading of tthey environment. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Leon. Leon Cooperman Let me – if I can get on to some ottheyr questions. Your distributable earnings of $0.57, do you think ttheyre is a lot of push and pulls. Do you think that’s close to recurring earnings, or you think you over-earned in ttheir quarter? Paul Elenio Yes. I think we don’t give a financial outlook, Leon, but I would say that we are expecting that those numbers will be not that strong in tthey third quarter and fourth quarter. But I don’t know how much different. We have had a couple of things during tthey quarter. I will give you an example. We had $1.3 billion of loan sales in our GSE agency business. We have excessively high second quarter volume, given that rates rose to about 4% for a short period of time and have come back down. We see a little backlog in that business. We expect that business to be strong for tthey balance of tthey year, but I am projecting $1 billion, $1.1 billion versus $1.4 billion in tthey agency business in tthey third quarter and probably something stronger than that in tthey fourth quarter. So, I expect our agency business to come in for tthey year higtheyr than we did last year, but I do expect a dip down in tthey third quarter and ttheyn a big rise in tthey fourth quarter. So, that gain on sale associated with those sales will change and likely end up with a reduction in gain on sale and a slightly less distributable earnings. Also, we are expecting tthey portfolio to continue to run down as ttheyre is no balance ttheyyet lending and one-off has been naturally roll to our agency business. So, I don’t know if it’s easy for us to say that, that’s a recurring number. I can’t tell you what tthey number is going to be, but those are a couple of items that I think could make it slightly less going forward. Having said that, we still think tthey number is substantially higtheyr going forward than wtheyre our dividend is today, right, Ivan? Leon Cooperman Yes. So, as we get to it. I think that tthey 57 is probably higtheyr now than it will be in anottheyr couple of quarters. But I suspect that tthey earnings will be above tthey dividend. Ivan Kaufman We still feel very confident about that, Leon. You don’t like to comment on tthey distributable borrowing because if we did wrong every time we have exceeded everybody’s expectations including… Leon Cooperman And tthey three loans that were highlighted as being issues, what is tthey loan-to-value ratio on average for those three loans? Ivan Kaufman I don’t have ttheym offhand. But one, we took a reserve against and we didn’t expect payment, but we got payment. We got our June payment. Tthey ottheyr one is a great asset, just poorly managed, so we have to take a look at what tthey stabilized value of that asset is. And you have to also keep in mind that on a lot of ttheyse loans, we have a lot of recourse on ttheyse loans with substantial sponsors. So, we look at a combination of not just tthey asset, but tthey sponsor and tthey recourse liability that we have. So, it’s a combination of multiple factors on each of ttheyse different assets. Leon Cooperman Last question, just an observation. What do you think tthey sweats [ph] of thinking about? Tthey fully diluted share count is 187 million shares. If I take what you own, what tthey employees own, what Black Rock owns and Blackstone owns and what I own. Ttheyse guys are sort of a meaningful percentage of tthey float. And what do you think ttheyy are thinking? Ivan Kaufman All I can say is ttheyy didn’t properly understand tthey company, wtheyn ttheyy shorted tthey stock, tthey information, as we have ttheyn talked about on tthey calls before, was inaccurate. And on tthey face of it is all of tthey analysts, everybody made no sense. So, I think whatever ttheyy did, ttheyy have made a tremendous error in ttheyir analysis. I mean our performance has certainly been contrary to all ttheyir comments. And more significantly, ttheyy just didn’t understand tthey fundamentals of our company relative to our peers. But Paul, if you have any comment on that? Paul Elenio No, I think that’s it. I mean I don’t know who is shorting tthey stock. I am not involved in who is shorting it. But I don’t know what ttheyir thinking is, but a lot of times, ttheyse are just financial odd place and ttheyy work or ttheyy don’t, but we just continue to do what we do, continue to perform really well, and tthey results of our performance will be what ttheyy are for those people. Leon Cooperman Congratulations on your performance. I am a pleased shareholder. Thank you very much and good luck. Ivan Kaufman Thanks Leon. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey call back to Ivan Kaufman for any closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Sure. Well, thank you everybody for participating on tthey call and being shareholders of tthey company. We once again had an extraordinary quarter, raising our dividend, having great distribute – great earnings and are very prepared to manage through tthey rest of tthey year. And everybody have a great weekend. Take care. Paul Elenio Thanks everyone. Operator Thank you. Ttheir does conclude tthey second quarter 2023 Arbor Realty Trust earnings conference call. You may disconnect at ttheir time and have a wonderful day.