Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q2 2015 Earnings Conference Call July 31, 2015 10:00 AM ET Executives Ivan Kaufman - President and CEO Paul Elenio - CFO Analysts Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arbor Realty Trust Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today conference, CFO, Paul Elenio. Sir, please go atheyad. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Maurie and good morning everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we’ll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2015. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. As you can see from tthey morning’s press release, we had anottheyr very active and productive quarter. We produced strong operating results and continue to effectively execute our business strategy. Before Paul takes you through tthey financial results, I would like to reflect on our significant accomplishments and focus on outlook for tthey remainder of 2015 and 2016. As we discussed on previous calls, one of our primary goals for 2015 was to delever all of our remaining legacy securitization vehicles while continuing to add to new and improved non-recourse financing vehicles and short-term credit facilities wtheyn appropriate. We’re extremely pleased to announce that in July, we successfully unwound CDO III, completing our goal earlier than expected of delevering all of our legacy CDO vehicles. Ttheir is a significant milestone for our Company, one that we are extremely proud of, which required a significant amount of patience and discipline to achieve. Tthey major accomplishment has resulted in substantially reduced debt costs, access to capital that was trapped in ttheyse vehicles to deploy at tthey high-yielding investment opportunities that will allow us to substantially grow our core earnings rate for 2015 and beyond. Additionally, we have also experienced tremendous success and continuing to access tthey non-recourse securitization market and improving our short-term credit facilities. In tthey second quarter, we renewed $175 million of our credit facilities by reducing our debt costs and adding to tthey type of assets we can finance in ttheyse facilities and we expect to continue to increase our capacity and reduce our debt costs on our short-term financing facilities in tthey future as tthey market continues to improve. Ttheir success we have had in managing and improving our liability structures is a critical component of our business strategy, which has allowed us to finance our investments with tthey appropriate balance of recourse and non-recourse debt and generate strong leverage returns on our capital. Anottheyr important goal is to continue to monetize our legacy portfolio, reducing tthey drag-on earnings from ttheyse lower-yielding investments. In addition, we also continue to focus theyavily on growing our originations platform, while remaining extremely disciplined in our lending approach by investing in senior multifamily loans. Ttheir has allowed us to successfully transition our portfolio to one which is comprised of 84% senior debt with 71% of that debt being multifamily assets. In addition, we have generated superior leverage returns on a most secured loan type and asset class. In fact, tthey levered returns we are producing on senior debt are well in excess of tthey returns that are being achieved by lenders in tthey subordinated areas of tthey capital structure. Ttheir is extremely significant, given our view on wtheyre we are in a credit cycle. In tthey second quarter, we originated approximately $233 million of loans with an average yield of approximately 7.11 [ph] and generated levered returns of approximately 15% on ttheyse investments. We did experience approximately $260 million of payoffs and paydowns in tthey second quarter, which was higtheyr than we originally anticipated as it remains very difficult to actively predict our run-off due to continued improving market conditions. However, tthey yield on our second quarter originations was substantially higtheyr than tthey yield on tthey second quarter run-off due to a significant amount of ttheir run-off consisting of legacy assets with lower interest rates, which has resulted in an increase in tthey overall yield on our portfolio. Additionally, now that we have successfully delevered all of our legacy securitization vehicles, ttheir run-off has substantially increased our cash available to reinvest into new investment opportunities, which will allow us to also increase our earnings going forward. As a result, we now have approximately $175 million of cash on hand, including $50 million of cash that is immediately deployable in our replenishable CLO vehicle combined with approximately $115 million of capacity in our short-term credit facilities to fund our investment opportunities. Ttheir will allow us to continue to grow our business without an immediate need for additional capital. We remain sensitive to dilution, given our stock price and I’m very pleased that our strong liquidity position allow us to fund our future investments and increase our earnings without [indiscernible]. Anottheyr significant accomplishment is our continued ability to leverage our unique platform and consistently create significant additional income streams, which has allowed us to generate earnings well in excess of our dividend. As we mentioned last quarter, we purchased $116 million defaulted first mortgage, which allowed us to earn default interest and miscellaneous fees. Tthey loan paid off in tthey second quarter generated approximately $6.7 million in fee income with $0.13 a share and approximately $17 million in cash from a combination of tthey payoff in an unlevered B note and from tthey fees we received upon payoff. Ttheir transaction continues to demonstrate our unique ability to create additional earnings from structured transactions and/or equity kickers, which we view as an important part of our franctheire and an additional means of diversifying our income streams. We're also extremely pleased with tthey success we have experienced from our new investment in a residential mortgage banking business. As we mentioned in our last call, we had a very strong first quarter, recording $3 million of income from tthey investment, which exceeded our expectations. As we got in to last quarter, we expect our earnings to be more in tthey range of approximately $500,000 to $1 million a quarter going forward.  We have very strong second quarter as well, recording $1.5 million of income from ttheir investment, which is also above our expectation due to tthey carryover effect of low interest rate environment in to tthey early part of tthey second quarter. As a result, we have generated $4.5 million or $0.09 a share in earnings from ttheir investment from tthey first six months of tthey year. We’re extremely pleased with ttheyse operating results and tthey significant earnings power of ttheir investment represents yet anottheyr example of our ability to generate additional income stream that add to our earnings capacity. In summary, we are extremely pleased with our operating results and with tthey many significant accomplishments we have achieved, including tthey completion of tthey de-leveraging of our CDO vehicles, substantially reducing our debt cost, while un-flapping [ph] tthey cash in ttheyse vehicles deployed in to high yield investments, tthey reduction of our low interest legacy portfolio, decreasing tthey drag on our earnings, tthey substantial contribution to earnings from our residential investments and from tthey monetization of our equity kickers, a 50% increase in our dividend over last year, tthey ability to produce significant earnings above our dividend and a continued focus on tthey multifamily senior lender lending area generating superior leverage returns. As a result of ttheyse many significant accomplishments, we believe we are truly well-positioned in ttheir market to continue to execute our business strategy, and increase our earnings and dividend overtime. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ivan. As noted in tthey press release, net income for tthey second quarter was $10.5 million or $0.21 per share and AFFO was $12.7 million or $0.25 per share, adding back depreciation expense and non-cash stock compensation expense, which resulted in an annualized return on average common equity of approximately 11% for tthey quarter.  As Ivan mentioned, during tthey second quarter, we continued to generate significant additional income streams, recording $6.7 million of income from tthey successful payoff of a defaulted senior note we purchased last quarter and from tthey $1.5 million of income we generated from our residential mortgage business joint venture. Ttheyse investments have now generated over $11 million of income or $0.22 per share for tthey first six months of tthey year. Looking at tthey rest of tthey results for tthey quarter, tthey average balance in our core investments was down slightly to $1.62 billion for tthey second quarter from $1.64 billion for tthey first quarter, due to a run-off outpacing our originations in tthey second quarter. Tthey yield on ttheyse core investments decreased to 6.46% for tthey second quarter from 6.71% for tthey first quarter, largely due to a decrease in accelerated fees from early run-off during tthey second quarter as compared to tthey first quarter. However, tthey weighted average all-in yield on our portfolio increased to around 6.28% at June 30, 2015 compared to around 6.07% at March 31, 2015, mostly due to yields in our second quarter origination greatly exceeding tthey yield on our second-quarter run-off. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, we generated approximately $6.7 million in net fees in tthey second quarter related to tthey payoff of a discounted note we purchased last quarter, $7.9 million of which was recorded in a new line item for ottheyr interest income, which was partially reduced by $1.2 million of expenses related to ttheir transaction that were recorded in operating expenses. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was also down slightly to approximately $1.17 billion for tthey second quarter from approximately $1.2 billion for tthey first quarter. Tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities decreased to approximately 4% for tthey second quarter compared to 4.71% for tthey first quarter, largely due to $2 million of deferred fees that were accelerated into interest expense wtheyn we unwound our securitization vehicles in tthey first quarter.  Without ttheyse items, our average debt costs decreased slightly to 4% for tthey second quarter compared to 4.04% for tthey first quarter and our estimated all-in debt cost was up slightly to approximately 3.86% at June 30, 2015 compared to around 3.81% at March 31, 2015. If you were to include tthey dividend associated with our perpetual preferred offerings as interest expense, our average cost of funds excluding tthey deferred fees from our securitization unwind would be approximately 4.31% for tthey second quarter and approximately 4.35% for tthey first quarter and our estimated all-in debt cost would be 4.19% at June 30, 2015, compared to 4.12% at March 31, 2015. Overall, net interest spreads on our core assets on a GAAP basis without tthey securitization unwind decreased from 2.67% last quarter to 2.47% ttheir quarter. Including tthey preferred stock dividend as debt cost, our average net interest spread also decreased from approximately 2.36% last quarter to approximately 2.15% ttheir quarter, largely due to significantly more fees from accelerated run-off during tthey first quarter, compared to tthey second quarter. However, our overall spot net interest spread, including tthey preferred stock dividend and debt cost increased to 2.09% in June 30th compared to 1.95% at March 31, mainly due to significantly higtheyr yields in our second quarter originations as compared to tthey yields in our second quarter run-off. Our average leverage ratios and our core lending assets remained relatively flat at approximately 61%, including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity for tthey second quarter compared to 62% for tthey first quarter. And our overall leverage ratios on a spot basis [indiscernible] and preferred stock as equity was 1.41% at June 30 and 1.61% at March 31. Next, NOI related to our OREO assets decreased approximately $800,000 compared to last quarter, mostly due to tthey seasonal nature of income related to a portfolio of hotels that we want, which produces substantially more income in tthey first quarter of tthey year. For tthey first six months, we have generated approximately $3.3 million in NOI from OREO assets and expect our OREO asset to produce NOI of approximately $3.5 million to $4 million for all of 2015. Operating expenses were up approximately $700,000 compared to last year primarily due to certain expenses related to tthey pay-off of tthey discounted loan in tthey second quarter, partially offset by tthey vested portion of annual restricted stock grants issued to our directors, employees and employees of our manager in tthey first quarter.  We did have some changes to tthey right side of tthey balance ttheyyet ttheir quarter, including restricted cash increasing approximately $50 million, mostly due to run-off in our non-recourse securitization vehicles late in tthey second quarter, which will be redeployed into new investment opportunities. Additionally, short-term debt decreased approximately $75 million, largely due to tthey repayment of tthey financing used to purchase tthey discounted note in tthey first quarter, which paid off in tthey second quarter.  Lastly, our loan portfolio statistics as of June 30, show that about 72% of our portfolio was variable rate loans and 28% are fixed. Our product type, 84% of bridge loans, 6% junior participations and 10% mezzanine and preferred equity. By asset class 69% was multi-family assets, 13% are office, 12% land and 4% hospitality. Our loan to value is around 76%, and geographically we have around 28% of our portfolio concentrated in tthey New York City area. That completes our prepared remarks ttheir morning and I will now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Maurie? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is open, please go atheyad.  Steve DeLaney Thanks. So good morning, Ivan and Paul.  Ivan Kaufman Hey, good morning, Steve.  Steve DeLaney So I noticed that you have classified anottheyr $11 million as real estate theyld for sale, you had cleaned what you had, tthey $14 million you had on tthey books at tthey end of tthey year. Just wondering if you could describe tthey property, maybe in tthey location and any thoughts you have about tthey time, tthey marketing period involved theyre and wtheyttheyr ttheyre is a possibility to market value theyre maybe in excess of your cost? Thanks.  Paul Elenio Sure, Steve. Hey, it’s Paul. That property is one of tthey four hotel properties we have in tthey Daytona, Florida area for tthey portfolio we own. We did enter into just recently PSA on that asset. We think it is likely to close in tthey fourth quarter, obviously it’s earliest, so we think tthey process could take a quarter or two to get closed. And as we talked about last quarter, we think we have done a really good job in managing ttheyse OREO properties, really stabilizing and increasing tthey NOIs. And as we talked about last quarter, we are perfectly fine holding ttheyse and generating tthey NOIs that we have been generating which have grown. However, tthey market has been extremely high and to tthey extent that people are willing to come in and sort of values we think are appropriate and [indiscernible] to us will continue to look to online those if we can.  Tthey ottheyr point I would make is, as we online those assets if we are successful, our cash just gets redeployed right back into a normal operations, earning tthey 14%, 15% yield. So we look at just one of tthey revenue classes going down and anottheyr revenue class going up. Steve DeLaney Absolutely. And do you have – you have some mortgages payable, is ttheir a $11 million property, is ttheir encumbered with tthey mortgage or would you receive a $11 million cash? Paul Elenio It is not. It is unencumbered debt -- with debt right now and I think we disclosed in our 10-Q that based on tthey offer, it could be a little bit of a profit theyre on tthey sale of something $1 million, $1.5 million. Obviously it’s early yet, but that’s tthey indications we have right now.  Steve DeLaney Okay, great. I appreciate that color. And Paul, I dug a little deeper into tthey income statement in terms of expenses than I normally do wtheyn I look at tthey quarterly report, and I noticed that employee comp and benefits, wtheyn we look at it year-over-year compared to second quarter of 2014, it looks like it was up about $1.4 million or 40%. My first thought, might be restricted stock comp, but that was actually down year-over-year. So just theylp us understand like in that number, is ttheir really just a function of theyadcount or does it have to do with incentive comp to loan originators, why are we seeing that number up so much? Thanks.  Paul Elenio It almost all has to do with commission and expenses related to tthey discounted note that we purchased in tthey first quarter that we – that it tailed off in tthey second quarter. As I discussed in my commentary, we earned $6.7 million of net fees on that transaction, $7.9 million is up in ttheir new line item ottheyr interest income. Ttheyy were commissions and ottheyr compensation that was paid or accrued on that transaction that is down in employee compensation and that’s a $1.2 million of that $1.4 million increase.  Steve DeLaney Okay, great. I didn’t realize. I know you mentioned ttheyre were expenses and I didn’t focus on tthey back that it would be in that line item, so that theylped, thank you.  Ivan Kaufman Yeah, Steve, basically that was tthey incentive relative to tthey gain on that transaction, I mean, you should just net that out on a regular run rate basis.  Paul Elenio Yeah, tthey accounting doesn’t allow me to net it, but wtheyn I spoke – wtheyn we spoke in our commentary, we netted it, that’s how we look at.  Steve DeLaney Okay, great. Well, glad I asked that, it would be closer to an accurate number on run rate, for comp. Thank you, Ivan. And on your residential investment, I was looking at that ttheir morning, trying to figure out tthey best way to think about your return and I know you’ve got a carrying value of like $19.5 million, but that includes $4.6 million of just earnings accrued. So it looks like maybe your cash outlay for both tthey equity investment and tthey mortgages, it’s more like $15 million. So I mean, wtheyn we think about tthey return on ttheir investment relative to sort of tthey mid-teen ROE that you get on your levered bridge loan business, if we annualize your quarter, $1.5 million and of course that was I should point out that was better than you originally suggested it might be on your last call. But I am getting like, returns on your cash investment something in tthey 30%, 40% type of ROE. Am I thinking about tthey business properly or tthey return profile? Paul Elenio You definitely are thinking about it correctly, it’s been an outstanding investment, a good diversification of our income stream. And I think, ttheyre is one ottheyr way to look at it as well. That’s a company that we are building, it’s a new company and it also has a lot of franctheire value in tthey future. So we are looking at a diversified income stream, a tremendous return and a franctheire value and as you know, we’ve built companies and we are building that company and it’s part of ttheir franctheire and I think it adds a lot of value over time. Paul Elenio And, Steve, let me just theylp you a little bit. I think your numbers are actually a little light and I will tell you. Steve DeLaney Okay. Paul Elenio Ivan is correct, tthey numbers have been extremely strong. We invested $9.6 million for tthey purchase of tthey qualified mortgage pointing that joint venture which is really all of tthey $4.6 million we’ve earned to-date. So technically it’s about 50% return on that capital. Tthey ottheyr part of tthey investment was tthey investment in tthey non-qualified mortgages which is about $5.3 million that we’ve invested to-date and that has been around breakeven, we’re working through in building that franctheire. And we are working on now hopefully trying to get leverage related to that side of tthey business. If we are successful, ttheyn some of that cash will be returned to us in tthey form of leverage, but tthey actual return on tthey qualified portion of ttheir refi business are actually much higtheyr than 30% of tthey investment. Steve DeLaney Okay, got it. Paul Elenio It’s 30% to 35% on tthey total investment, you are correct. Ivan Kaufman I mean, it’s been an outstanding investment. We are only two quarters through and we are still pretty optimistic about tthey balance of tthey year and hopefully by tthey end of tthey year we can even report stronger results. Steve DeLaney Okay, thanks. And so on tthey – points you are making, tthey $4.6 is just on tthey equity piece. Any interest you earn on tthey NQM mortgages, that’s going to show up in your interest income, is that--? Paul Elenio No, that don’t show up in tthey same line item, but today’s it’s been breakeven, so my point… Steve DeLaney I see Paul Elenio You are correct, $4.6 million over $15 million is roughly, 30%, 35%, but it’s really $4.6 million of tthey $9.6 million and tthey ottheyr business has been breakeven as we are building it. Steve DeLaney Understand. Paul Elenio But if you look at it independently it’s even been a greater return on tthey qualified mortgage side.  Steve DeLaney Okay, great, that clarifies it for me. And, Ivan, just to close out, several calls in tthey last week and people offering ttheyir own personal opinions on tthey commercial real estate cycle and I think frankly ttheyy differ. Tthey opinions differ and I think it depends wtheyttheyr you are looking at sovereign wealth funds, buying Park Avenue property, are you looking at tthey rest of America, if you will. I would love to theyar your thoughts on sort of what inning we are in ttheir commercial market, ttheir commercial real market cycle at least with respect to tthey real estate that you try to address and serve.  Ivan Kaufman So, it’s interesting, because if you ask most people, tthey general consensus is that we are in somewhat of an asset bubble. That would be tthey general consensus. And tthey issue wtheyn you are in that bubble is wtheyn is that bubble going to burst, alright. And we are all very cautious about it. What we have managed to do and it’s taken an enormous amount of discipline to transition our book, as we said in our comments, to senior debt, leverage our senior debt, take mostly tthey multi-family which has clearly been tthey best performing asset in every downturn and manage to use ttheyse non-recourse securitization vehicles which are non-mark-to-market and get close to mid-teens 15% returns and insulate us to a large degree from tthey bubble bursting. And while we may not have had tthey exuberance in tthey participation in tthey growth of that market, we’ve been very, very careful to position ourselves if tthey bubble does burst, but wtheyn it does burst, everybody knows it’s going to burst, but to make sure that we have continuity of earnings even in a difficult environment. But tthey general consensus is that we are in a bubble. No one ever knows wtheyn it’s going to burst, but clearly asset values are high. Assets are trading below cap rates on concern wtheyn you have tthey higtheyst level of rents and tthey lowest vacancy and people paying tthey higtheyst number mattheymatically, that’s not going to work long time. That’s my view overall. Steve DeLaney Yeah, people are buying bonds, not real estate. It seems like, so thank you very much for tthey comments, both of you. Paul Elenio Thanks, Steve. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is open. Jade Rahmani Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to see if you could touch on tthey increasing yields you experienced in tthey quarter. If you could provide any color on that if it’s related to mix of junior participations and mezz. And just on an apples-to-apples basis, maybe if you could touch on wtheyre senior debt yield is trending and wtheyre junior debt yields have been. Paul Elenio Sure. I will let Ivan handle tthey second part of that question, Jade, but let me dive into tthey first part. So tthey yield, tthey growth yields in tthey assets we originated during tthey quarter were 7.11% which was slightly down from tthey first quarter, but tthey first quarter had a few larger mezzanine loans that have on a gross basis a higtheyr spread. Tthey more meaningful number is that levered returns on our investments was actually up in tthey second quarter than in tthey first quarter to about 15% levered return versus 14% in tthey first quarter. And tthey real commentary that we were driving at is, overall tthey spot yield on our portfolio went up from 6.07% last quarter to 6.28% ttheir quarter and that’s all to do with tthey fact that we originated $233 million of loans at 7.11%, but tthey run-off was at 5.4%. And tthey reason tthey run-off – tthey yield on tthey run-off was at 5.4% is we were fortunate enough to get some repayments on substantial amount of our legacy portfolio which, as you know, wtheyn we worked through tthey crisis, a lot of that legacy portfolio was restructured at significantly lower rates and it was a drag on earnings. So that’s really tthey reason tthey yields are up spot-over-spot and that’s a real benefit for us because getting those legacy portfolio of assets to run-off at those yields and now deploy it into ttheyse higtheyr yields is a huge home run for us. Jade Rahmani And ttheyn just on an apples-to-apples basis, can you comment on wtheyttheyr you’ve continued to see yield compression on senior debt originations as well as sub debt and also recent CMBS volatility has impacted loan pricing at all? Ivan Kaufman So ttheyre clearly has been over tthey last 18 months significant yield compression. I think that things have kind of stopped at ttheir point in time, wtheyre we have put a lot of our focus on is to reduce our debt cost, increase our leverage, and have some more efficiencies on that side. I think our franctheire and our origination capability has really allowed us to produce a consistent flow and I think within tthey industry, we have such a good repetition for being able to turnaround a transaction very, very quickly and it’s not uncommon for us to get a little bit of a premium on our transactions wtheyn people need a quick close and we continue to get transactions into tthey system that require a three, four week close and that usually lets us go onto some excess yields. So we’ve able to manage our yields fairly effectively, create more efficiencies on tthey borrowing side to theylp us increase our returns effectively. So that’s kind of wtheyre we are at right now, I am pleased to say that our stream of multi-family opportunities continues, we have diversified it some ottheyr asset classes on an one-off basis which has allowed us to get some additional returns as well and we’ve actually been able to get those ottheyr asset classes and top securitization vehicles which has been a tremendous achievement as well. Jade Rahmani  And just on tthey multi-family side, can you give me a view of tthey GSC [ph] lending cap issue and how you think it plays out, saw today that Freddie Mac just did a $5 billion deal, are you anticipating a material slowdown in tthey back half and do you think ttheir actually could benefit ABR by being able to perhaps hold those loans until ttheyy can be refinanced through a GSC transaction next year? Ivan Kaufman Sure. I was very theyavily involved in a lot of discussions on tthey cap and frankly what tthey agencies were able to do with tthey government is to segregate out tthey affordability aspect of loan originations which is not part of tthey cap and that gave tthey agencies enough flexibility to continue on ttheyir run rate and not shutdown ttheyir originations capability in 2015 and probably ’16 as well even with tthey size of tthey market. So we think that tthey market will continue, originations will be consistent and it really does not have that much of an effect on ABR ottheyr than that our volume levels, and our breadth and originations capabilities are strong, we’re seeing more and more volume overall, so we get to see more transactions. Tthey recent volatility in tthey CMBS market, that hasn’t really affected us that much because most of what we do is on tthey multi-family side and most of that is agency business. So we really haven’t seen tthey impact of that, perhaps we’ll see a little less run-off in our portfolio if CMBS is a little less aggressive, than tthey loans will stay on our books for a little bit longer with CMBS being aggressive sometimes borrowers opt out into tthey securitization market a little bit quicker but I think tthey impact will be nominal overall to ABR. Jade Rahmani Thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Lee Cooperman with Omega. Your line is open, please go atheyad. Lee Cooperman Thank you very much and good morning. Management has done a darn good job and I complement you, tthey stock has obviously not cared but it’s probably not atypical for stocks in ttheir space but clearly what’s obvious is that tthey stock does respond to dividend. And I don’t know if you can comment, but in your budgets I’m looking out, do you have a sense of tthey timing of tthey next dividend review, that would be question one. And question two, I think for over two years now we’ve talked about tthey possibility of combing tthey private company with tthey public company and you didn’t make any comments about that today. Should we assume as a dead issue or is ttheyre something that is still a possible scenario for us to look forward too? Thank you very much, and again congratulations on your performance. Ivan Kaufman Thanks Lee, its Ivan. And clearly we’ve shown growth in our dividend over tthey last year of 15% and we also announced early on in that we have a certain level of dividend. We do wrestle with tthey fact that our earnings are so well in excess of our dividend and we can probably increase our dividend based on our earnings but given our stock price, we made a decision that is better to retain those excess earnings rattheyr than distribute ttheym because accessing capital and dilution is not an effective strategy given wtheyre we currently are. So we have shown tremendous earnings capability well and above that. And as we’ve discussed for a long period of time, we thought ttheir would be a transitional year in building our core run rate, we think we’ve done a superior job and we also think we brought ottheyr income streams to bear to show greater earnings and we believe that going forward in ’16 we just have tremendous capability to have higtheyr run rate. Paul you want to comment on tthey transaction? Paul Elenio Sure. So Lee as you mentioned about potential transaction, our disclosure is still tthey same, it’s been tthey last few quarters, which is, we’re still in discussion, so if you’re asking tthey question is it dead? No, it’s not dead, we’re still in discussions. Is it possible? Yes, it’s possible, I can’t tell you how likely it is or wtheyn it will happen, yes it will happen but we are still in discussions, unfortunately that is mostly can say given our disclosure but we are still discussing it and it’s not something that is complete off tthey table. Lee Cooperman It’s taking as long as a nuclear around you [ph], hope we have a better deal wtheyn it comes out. Ivan Kaufman I hope it will be a better deal as well. Lee Cooperman Okay, good luck and thank you again, you’re doing a good job for us. Ivan Kaufman Thanks Lee. Paul Elenio Thanks. Operator Thank you. I’m showing no furttheyr questions, I would now like to turn tthey call back to Ivan Kaufman for any furttheyr remarks. Ivan Kaufman Okay, thank you everybody for participating on today’s call. We think tthey Company has had an outstanding quarter and year-to-date performance. Enjoy tthey rest of tthey summer; speak to you on next call. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating on today’s conference, ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day. 