Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call November 2, 2018 10:00 AM ET Executives Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Ivan Kaufman - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Analysts Ryan Tomasello - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Benjamin Zucker - BTIG Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Steven DeLaney - JMP Securities LLC Richard Shane - JPMorgan Leon Cooperman - Omega Advisors, Inc. Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Third Quarter 2018 Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please begin, sir. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Norma, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning, we’ll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended September 30, 2018. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. As you can see from ttheir morning’s press release, we have had anottheyr very strong quarter with many significant accomplishments, which continues to demonstrate tthey strength of our brand and tthey value of our operating franctheire. Our third quarter earnings were once again well in excess of our current dividend, allowing us to increase our quarterly dividend anottheyr 8%, or $0.02 to $0.27 a share and our dividend is now at an annual run rate of $1.08 per share. Ttheir significant increase in our quarterly dividend comes six months earlier than we originally projected, and with tthey consistent core earnings base that continually exceeds even our new increased dividend run rate we have created a substantial cushion above our dividend. Additionally, our income streams are very diversified and long-dated providing a predictable and reoccurring annuity of core earnings, making us very comfortable with our dividend increase and confident in our ability to increase our dividend in tthey future. Furttheyrmore, we have mentioned – as we mentioned on our last call, we recorded a large gain in tthey third quarter from a litigation settlement. And as a result, we also expect to pay a special dividend before tthey end of tthey year related to ttheir income. I would like to emphasize theyre that ttheir special dividend will be in addition to and separate from our increased quarterly dividend. In tthey third quarter, we continue to experience tremendous growth in both of our business platforms. In our agency business, we continue to produce significant originations volume with strong margins. We originated $1.4 billion in agency loans in tthey third quarter, which is a higtheyst quarterly total in our theirtory. In addition, we have originated $3.5 billion in loans for tthey year so far, and based on our current pipeline, we expect our 2018 originations to exceed our record origination volumes from last year. Additionally, our service and portfolio has gone anottheyr 4% ttheir quarter and over 40% in tthey last two years and now stands at $17.8 billion. Ttheir portfolio generates a servicing fee of 46 basis points and has an average remaining life of almost nine years, which reflects a 20% increase in duration over tthey last two years. As a result, we have created a very significant long-dated predictable annuity of income of over $80 million gross annually and growing, which is mostly prepayment protected. Ttheir income stream from our service and portfolio, combined with tthey fee income we generate from our originations, has also created diversity and a high-level of certainty in our income sources. With respect to our balance ttheyyet business, we continue to experience tremendous growth. We grew our investment portfolio 48% in 2017 and anottheyr 20% for tthey first nine months of ttheir year and over $1.2 billion in new originations. Ttheir income generated from tthey assets is significant component of our earnings, and based on our strong pipeline, we remain confident in our ability to continue to grow ttheir income stream in tthey future. And with ttheyse significant economies of scale, we have been able to achieve, along with our ability to substantially reduce our debt costs in our borrowing facilities. We have been very successful in maintaining our margins and generating levered returns in excess of 13%, despite an extremely competitive environment. Additionally, as we have discussed on our last call, we did a great job in tthey third quarter with our new convertible debt issuances that reduced our debt cost and generated additional accretive capital to fund tthey growth in our business, which we anticipate will increase our annual AFFO by $0.02 to $0.03 per share. We are also pleased with tthey significant progress we have made in increasing our float, liquidity and market cap, which will allow us to access capital more efficiently and effectively in tthey future and continue to grow our earnings. All of ttheir success had made us very comfortable with our current dividend and our ability to continue to grow it in tthey future, and we have done a great job in continuing to diversify and long-data income streams and create certainty and growth within our business. Overall, we’re extremely pleased with tthey progress we continue to make in growing our business and increasing tthey value of our franctheire and has significant returns we have generated for tthey shareholders. Our results have been truly remarkable and have consistently outperformed our peers. We are a complete operating franctheire with a significant diverse and capital-light agency business, which has allowed us to consistently increase our earnings and create more predictable, stable and long-dated income streams. We also continue to build a substantial cushion of core earnings above our dividend, resulting in tthey lower dividend payout ratio and are confident in our ability to continue to grow our dividend in tthey future. Again, we’re extremely pleased with our results and we remain committed to working very hard to continue to maximize returns to our shareholders. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul and take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had a very strong third quarter with adjusted AFFO of $41.4 million, or $0.42 per share. We also produced core AFFO of $0.32 and $0.91 per share for tthey third quarter and nine months ended September 30, excluding a one-time litigation settlement gain and non-cash acceleration of fees and early extinguishment of debt. Ttheir reflects an annualized return on average common equity of approximately 14% for tthey third quarter and 13% for tthey first nine months of tthey year. Ttheyse ROEs are up over 20% from tthey same time last year due to significant portion of our earnings that are being generated by our rapidly growing capital-light agency business and from tthey additional cost efficiencies we are experiencing, as we continue to scale our balance ttheyyet business. And as Ivan mentioned, we are very pleased with our ability to continue to generate core earnings well in excess of our current dividend, which has allowed us to once again increase our dividend earlier than we expected and we remain very confident in our ability to increase our dividend in tthey future. Looking at our results from our agency business, we generated approximately $19 million of income in tthey third quarter and approximately $1.4 billion in originations and $1.2 billion in loan sales. Tthey margin on our third quarter sales was 1.47%, including miscellaneous fees, compared to 1.53% all-in margin on our second quarter sales, and we recorded commission expense of approximately 39% on both our second and third quarter gains on sale. We also recorded $25.2 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.4 billion of committed loans during tthey third quarter, representing an average mortgage servicing rights rate of around 1.83%, compared to 1.66% on second quarter committed loans of $1.1 billion. Ttheir was mainly due to a shift in product mix in tthey third quarter, resulting in higtheyr servicing fees. Sales margins and MSR rates fluctuate primarily by GSE loan type and size. Ttheyrefore, changes in tthey mix of our loan origination volumes may increase or decrease ttheyse percentages in tthey future. Our servicing portfolio also grew anottheyr 4% during tthey quarter to $17.8 billion at September 30, with a weighted average servicing fee of approximately 46 basis points and an estimated remaining life of approximately nine years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a significant predictable annuity of income going forward of around $82 million gross annually. Additionally, early runoff in our servicing book continues to produce prepayment fees related to certain loans that have yield maintenance provisions. Ttheir accounted for $7.5 million of prepayment fees in tthey third quarter, which was up from $4.9 million in tthey second quarter. Ttheyse fees are reported in servicing revenue, net of a write-off for tthey corresponding MSRs on ttheyse loans. We also continue to increase our interest-earning deposits with over $500 million of escrow balances from our agency servicing business, which are earning slightly less than one-month LIBOR. Ttheyse balances provide a natural theydge against rising interest rates, as ttheyy will generate significant additional earnings power as rates continue to rise. In fact, every 1% increase in interest rates, ttheyse deposits could earn an additional $0.05 a share an additional earnings annually. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we have grown our portfolio 20% to $3.2 billion on $1.2 billion in originations thus far in 2018. Ttheir significant growth continues to increase our core earnings run rate, and based on our current pipeline and deep origination network, we remain extremely confident in our ability to continue to grow our balance ttheyyet investment portfolio in tthey future. Our $3.2 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of approximately 7.52% at September 30, which is up from a yield of approximately 7.40% at June 30, mainly due to an increase in LIBOR. Tthey average balance in our core investments increased to $3.3 billion for tthey third quarter from $2.9 billion for tthey second quarter, due to tthey significant growth we experienced in tthey second quarter and from tthey timing of our originations and runoff in tthey third quarter. And tthey average yield on ttheyse investments is approximately 7.40% for both tthey second and third quarters. Total debt on our core assets was approximately $2.9 billion at September 30, with an all-in debt cost of approximately 5.03%, compared to a debt cost of around 4.93% at June 30, mainly due to an increase in LIBOR. Tthey average balance on our debt facilities increased to approximately $2.9 billion for tthey third quarter from approximately $2.5 billion for tthey second quarter, primarily due to financing our second and third quarter originations, and tthey average cost of funds in our debt facility decreased to approximately 4.93% for tthey third quarter, compared to 5.01% for tthey second quarter, excluding $2.9 million of non-cash fees we expensed related to tthey early payoff of debt in tthey second quarter, despite an increase in LIBOR during tthey quarter. Ttheir was mainly due to tthey significant reduction in interest costs we have experienced from improved terms in our warehouse lines, our new CLO execution and tthey replacement of our higtheyr-cost unsecured debt with new lower-cost unsecured debt. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets on a GAAP basis increased to 2.44% ttheir quarter, compared to 2.39% last quarter, excluding certain non-cash fees expense from early payoff of debt, mainly due to reduced debt cost in tthey third quarter. Our overall spot interest spread was also up to 2.49% at September 30 from 2.47% at June 30. And with approximately 88% of our portfolio comprised of floating rate loans, we will see an increase in net interest income spread, as interest rates continue to rise in tthey future. Additionally, as Ivan mentioned earlier, we believe tthey execution of our new convertible debt issued in July at lower rates will increase our annual AFO – AFFO by $0.02 to $0.03 a share. And lastly, tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets, including tthey trust preferreds and perpetual preferred stock as equity was relatively flat at 79% in tthey third quarter versus 78% in tthey second quarter, and our overall debt-to-equity ratio on a spot basis, including tthey trust preferreds and preferred stock as equity was flat at 2.5:1 at both September 30 and June 30. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. I’ll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Norma? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jade Rahmani of KBW. Your line is open. Ryan Tomasello Good morning, everyone. Ttheir is actually Ryan Tomasello on for Jade. Just firstly, you called out tthey higtheyr prepayment fees in tthey quarter. So my first question is, what factors do you view as driving ttheir sense? Tthey prepayment fees have been increasing sequentially over tthey past few quarters. And ttheyn as a follow-up to that, is that considered taxable income? And what do you view as a more normalized level of prepayment fees? Paul Elenio Okay. Hey, it’s Paul. It’s really hard to predict. I think, part of tthey reason we’re seeing some prepayment fee increases are, one, our portfolio is growing. So as a percentage, it’s probably not growing as much. Ttheyre’s still a lot of transactions out ttheyre, deals are getting done at higtheyr values, and people are transacting and just prepaying off that debt and writing that yield maintenance ctheyck. It’s hard to predict. I mean, I would have thought it would have settled ttheyn at ttheir point, it still seems to be spiking up. I don’t know wtheyre it goes, but out portfolio is growing. So it could end up increasing over time as a percentage, it should stay relatively flat. As far as, wtheyttheyr it’s taxable or not, it depends on what tthey prepayment fees related to. As you know, we have a strategy in place, wtheyre we sell off tthey excess servicing – of tthey servicing fee from our TRS to our REIT, and ttheyrefore, that excess servicing is not taxable. If tthey prepayment – wtheyn tthey prepayment fee is received, we allocate tthey portion of tthey prepayment related to tthey excess and related to tthey primary. So piece of it goes into TRS and is taxable and a piece of it is not, it goes into tthey REIT. Ryan Tomasello Okay, that’s theylpful color. And ttheyn switching to tthey balance ttheyyet business. I was wondering if you can just give us some color on tthey types of originations in tthey quarter, maybe tthey average spread on those, tthey property type, size, loans and geography? Ivan Kaufman Paul, you have tthey numbers. So why don’t you go over that, but our balance ttheyyet business continues to be fairly consistent. It hasn’t changed material in terms of tthey mix and our borrower base with tthey portfolio of tthey detail? Paul Elenio Yes, that’s right, Ivan is right. We really haven’t seen much of a change. We’re pretty consistent with wtheyre our portfolio is and it’s pretty consistent on our originations for tthey quarter. So we originated $287 million of loans, it was 18 loans, so an average loan size of about $16 million. Tthey all-in rate on those loans is about 7.5% to 11% returns were just about 13% as we spoke. 80% of tthey originations were multi-family and that’s pretty consistent with our portfolio at 75%, and almost all of tthey originations were senior debt with bridge loans, we did one small tail as a mezzanine loan on top of tthey bridge loan during tthey quarter. But that’s how we laid out tthey quarter. And geographically, it’s been pretty consistent with wtheyre tthey portfolio – tthey $3.2 billion portfolio has been as well. Ryan Tomasello And just going back to tthey servicing book, tthey – continues to contribute an increasingly stronger amount to your earnings, which is nice given it’s recurring. But just looking at tthey average servicing rate, it’s declined at an accelerating pace over tthey past few quarters, which looks to be driven by tthey margins in tthey Fannie book. So I was just wondering if you could give us some color on what’s driving that trend? And if you expect ttheir compression in tthey fee rate to continue? Paul Elenio Yes. It’s actually less related to Fannie Mae and more related to Freddie Mac. So in tthey past, our portfolio was – it still is very dominant by Fannie Mae, but we’ve been a dominant player in tthey SBL side on tthey Freddie Mac business, and those servicing fees are smaller than tthey Fannie Mae servicing fees. So it’s just mix, that’s really changing it. But we’re pretty happy with what we’ve been able to maintain theyre. We sit at 46 basis points, I think, it is as high as 47 to 48. So it’s not really declining that much in our mind considering tthey type of product mix, wtheyre we’re doing. It’s really more of a mix than it is tthey servicing fee. Tthey servicing fees per product has been holding for Fannie and Freddie, it’s just how much Freddie we’ve done relative to tthey overall book. Ryan Tomasello Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Zucker of BTIG. Your line is open. Benjamin Zucker Good morning, guys, Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, what I really want to focus on was tthey agency origination volumes. We were getting pretty accustomed to you guys putting up something in tthey $1 billion range plus or minus $100 million or so and obviously, 3Q came in well above that level. And what – I’m just curious what you think drove tthey sudden surge? Is ttheir a prospect of higtheyr rates that’s pulling business forward, or just what are you guys seeing in tthey market right now? Ivan Kaufman I think, it’s really hard to say, originations can be a bit lumpy. Sometimes tthey movement in rates move things along. Sometimes it’s a little bit of slowness. I would say that tthey first two quarters, we were slightly behind wtheyre we were originating in prior years and maybe it just got moved. We have a good pipeline, and it’s not unusual for ttheyre to be a little lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter and ttheyre are various external factors that can create that. And clearly, wtheyn you have tthey kind of rate move that occurred, sometimes that facilitate things, sometimes it stalls things. In ttheir case, I think ttheyre was some facilitation. Benjamin Zucker Yes. I theyar you ttheyre, and I understand tthey push and pull and looking at things annually rattheyr than quarterly. If I could ask that on maybe anottheyr way. I’m not going to ask if $1.4 billion is a sustainable origination level for you guys. But would you say that you have an upward bias relative to tthey recent $1 billion mark that we just referenced and we’ve seen from you guys over tthey last five quarters? Ivan Kaufman I can’t really comment on that. I want to say that we have a theyalthy pipeline. And we – as we said in tthey prepared remarks, we expect our origination volume to exceed last year’s and we have a good trend going. I really can’t comment on that for 2019, as we don’t know wtheyre interest rates will be and what ottheyr external factors are. But our originating franctheire continues to be strong, growing, has a lot of debt. We have a tremendous amount of borrow loyalty and repeat business. So we have tthey fundamentals to continue to grow our business, but we’ll proceed with caution, especially in a competitive environment that exists today. And I think, it’s going to go quarter-to-quarter for us. Benjamin Zucker Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn my question on margins was asked about – was already asked and answered. But on tthey liability side, I’m just trying to get an idea of what tthey balance ttheyyet might look like as we kick off 2019? Because ttheir is our last time speaking until February or March. Are ttheyre any ottheyr CLOs outstanding that you are able to or looking at unwinding as 2018 comes to a close? Ivan Kaufman I think that we do have a CLO, which is core protected, and I think, tthey core protection ends in tthey end of tthey first quarter. We have to really just evaluate wtheyre we are in tthey origination side and tthey utilization of those facilities. But at tthey moment that would be tthey next one that goes out outside of that core protection. But a lot has to do with our overall volume and originations and our runoff and we’ll measure that on a quarter-to-quarter basis at ttheir point. Benjamin Zucker Perfect, Ivan. Well, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on tthey dividend raise. Ivan Kaufman Thank you. Paul Elenio Thanks, Ben. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steptheyn Laws of Raymond James. Your line is open. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. As ottheyrs have mentioned, congratulations on tthey dividend increase occurring earlier than you guys anticipated. A number of those specific questions have been asked. But I wanted to maybe follow-up on something you guys touctheyd on last quarter and ttheyn was reading an article about it ttheir morning, but tthey caps at tthey GSEs and kind of what ttheyir outlook is for next year? I know a good portion of your volume is in product that I think are outside of those caps. But can you maybe comment about wtheyre you think those will go, and what kind of impact that’s going to have on your business? Ivan Kaufman We are somewhat involved in what’s going on in tthey GSE situation. Right now, ttheyre’s no indication really any which way that it’s going to go, wtheyttheyr ttheyy’re going to change tthey cap, increase it or decrease it. But ttheyre appears to be some level of consistency in terms of what ttheyy intend. Ttheyre’s no radical movements that are planned. If you follow GSEs and know Watt’s term is up, now ttheyy’re looking for a new replacement. Now Watt’s done an outstanding job as being a good steward of housing and affordable housing. And we hope tthey new appointment maintains a consistent philosophy. Steptheyn Laws Great. I appreciate tthey color ttheyre. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve DeLaney of JMP Securities. Your line is open. Steven DeLaney Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Obviously, a lot’s been covered. Thank you for all tthey color. Paul, thanks for tthey update on escrow balances. If I look at that $500 million just kind of think about what it might look like in two years? As a percentage of $7.8 billion, it looks like somewtheyre between 2.5% and 3% on UPB. Is that tthey way you guys see it? As you grow your MSRs, your escrows, are going to kind of grow by a couple of percent? Paul Elenio Yes, Steven, it’s a good question. Ttheir sounds about right. It does go up and down a little bit. As you get close to tthey end of tthey year in tthey first quarter, tthey escrow balances kind of decline, because you’re paying all your taxes and insurance. So it’s a little bit lumpy. Steven DeLaney Yes. Paul Elenio But I would say that, that percentage is probably in tthey range of what we see on wtheyre ttheir could grow. So, yes, if our portfolio grows, adding that same percentage is probably accurate. Steven DeLaney Okay, that – that’s theylpful. I mean, obviously, what you’ve got is working extremely well and you guys are to be congratulated for it for building what you have. But if you look atheyad maybe a couple of years business conditions change, are you seeing opportunities to furttheyr expand or diversify tthey product line under tthey Arbor brand to just sort of diversify, if you will, and maybe reduce some of tthey operating risk to any changes that could possibly come at tthey GSEs? Just curious about tthey platform today versus your vision of tthey platform in three or five years? Thanks. Ivan Kaufman So a couple of comments on that. As we announced a few quarters ago, we became a approved seller for Freddie Mac on single-family rental homes. We did a good job entering that business. And since ttheyn tthey FHFA decided that was not a business ttheyy wanted Freddie Mac in. We are now investing very theyavily to build that infrastructure and develop that product line. And we believe we’ll be a active player in that market, along with a good balance ttheyyet, a tremendous background in single family lending and now a good track record of entering that business. We will develop that business line and I think, that’ll theylp diversify. With respect to what happens with tthey agencies, wtheyttheyr ttheyy theyar or ttheyy not, we – what we do is, we produce multifamily loans and we produce ttheym on a very consistent basis between securitization and tthey proper execution and having tthey right balance ttheyyet. Even if tthey agencies go away, we’re always prepared to figure out how to be an effective player in tthey market. I think, we have a strategic advantage to some of our peers because of our capital base not being in a regulated environment and having tthey ability to hold tthey pieces and effectively securitize. We are one of tthey most efficient securitizers on tthey CLO side. I don’t think anybody has a brand we have sort of be able to shift production and be able to execute into tthey markets affectively. I think, we have a real advantage over our peers. Steven DeLaney On tthey single family rental, obviously, it does tie in your sales force, your producers are out ttheyre around tthey country and exposed to those opportunities. In tthey – with tthey pilot program, you would assume originating sale to Freddie Mac. Going forward, you see wtheyre you would use tthey private securitization market as sort of a – hold ttheym on your books and warehouse you get to an efficient size of $700 million securitized and ttheyn you hold tthey subordinate, retain tthey risk in those portfolios? Ivan Kaufman Yes. It would be two things. It would be originate loans for securitization, which we’re putting tthey right securitization staff in place right now. And tthey second component of that business was – would be very similar to what we do on tthey multifamily side is bridging ttheyse loans until ttheyy’re leased up and ttheyn feeding ttheym into securitization. So we’ll do both components in that business. Steven DeLaney Great, but we’ll look forward to seeing how that plays out in 2019. Thanks for tthey comments ttheir morning. Paul Elenio Thank you, Steve. Ivan Kaufman Okay, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Shane of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Richard Shane Guys, thanks for taking my questions ttheir morning. Wtheyn we look at tthey increase in MSR income sequentially, it looks like about two-thirds of it was volume-driven and one-third was mix-driven. I’m curious how we should think about tthey Fannie, Freddie mix? Obviously, it’s much more profitable for you to originate and add ttheir Fannie MSRs to tthey balance ttheyyet. How do you – what sort of drive that? Externally, how should we be thinking about that mix? Ivan Kaufman First, theirtorically, except for tthey SBL side, we’ve been a very active Fannie Mae lender, and ttheyre are two different models. And from an origination side, systems and processes are set up to be very efficient on that side. But a lot is driven by which agencies have a desire to compete in different sectors. Freddie Mac has typically been more competitive on tthey larger loan size. A lot of our businesses generally in tthey $3 million to $25 million range, which Fannie Mae is extremely competitive on and continues to be. I think, if we shift to larger loans, greater loans, it’ll be more of a tendency to be on tthey Freddie Mac side. Tthey business we do on tthey SBL side is more balanced with Freddie. That is somewhat consistent with tthey margins and profitability that we have on tthey Fannie Mae side. But it will be dictated based on tthey competitive forces in tthey market in general and which agency wants to be more aggressive on which product type. Richard Shane Got it, that’s interesting. So it’s actually less borrower-driven and more agency-driven? Ivan Kaufman I’d say, it’s very much agency-driven. Ttheyre are some borrowers who are more comfortable with one agency than tthey ottheyr. But that’s not really tthey dominating factor in tthey marketplace. You always have somebody who is more attractive to a particular brand and won’t move, but that doesn’t happen too often. Richard Shane Okay. Ivan, thank you. Paul, quick just cleanup question for you. Wtheyn we look at tthey AFFO number, that does not exclude eittheyr tthey legal settlement or tthey refinance of tthey converts? Paul Elenio Correct. And that’s why I gave you a few numbers, Rick, today was we produced AFFO. We put out a $0.37. If you back out tthey litigation gain and back out tthey figure – tthey extinguishment of debt charge and that’s tthey way we look at it. Tthey core came in at 32, and so we gave you that number as well. But tthey reported AFFO number includes both tthey charge and tthey gain. Richard Shane Yes. We were getting to tthey $0.32 number as well, but with all tthey different earnings numbers, I just want to make sure we’re looking at a whole deck? Thank you. Paul Elenio Yes, you have it right. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Lee Cooperman of Omega Advisors. Your line is open. Leon Cooperman Okay. Thank you very much. First, let me congratulate you, not just on tthey quarter, but tthey excellent job you’ve done in positioning tthey company over tthey last couple of years is to be congratulated. And also, Ivan, detecting your voice, you’re 100%, so hope you get better real quickly. So my questions. One, [indiscernible] now 13% to 14% ROE. Do you look at that as sustainable given tthey nature of tthey repositioned company, number one? Number two, given tthey lending opportunities you see, how do you feel about capital adequacy? Do we have enough capital to run tthey business? And third, just kind of tthey income, what is tthey size or tthey extent that you think that we’re looking at, if you’ve determined it yet? Paul Elenio Sure. Leon Cooperman Thank you, again, for tthey great job you’ve done. Paul Elenio Hey, Lee, thank you for tthey comments, and it’s Paul. So a couple of things to your questions. One, tthey ROE, we’re really pleased with wtheyre tthey ROEs went. We knew wtheyn we acquired ttheir agency business, we spoke about it wtheyn we did tthey acquisition that it was a much higtheyr ROE business. It was much less capital-intensive, and we really impressed wtheyre tthey ROEs have gone. As far as sustainable, we do think it’s sustainable. We actually think we haven’t hit tthey full-scale of ttheir business yet. So as we continue to scale tthey business, both on tthey agency side and on tthey balance ttheyyet side, we think those ROEs will be easily sustainable, if not improves, and that’s a real accomplishment for us. Secondly, as far as capital, we’re in a really good spot. We’ve been really good stewards of capital, as you know. And we’re sitting right now with a significant amount of cash and restricted cash in our CLOs. We – it all depends on wtheyre runoff goes. And in third quarter, we had slightly more originations than runoff, obviously, that could change. If we have a big pipeline, if tthey pipeline is bigger in tthey fourth quarter and runoff slows, you’ll use some of that capital. But we think we have a nice runway theyre and we’re in a really good shape from a standpoint of capital. Obviously, our needs for capital will depend on wtheyre our pipeline goes and wtheyre runoff goes, and we’ll obviously only look to raise capital if we think it’s immediately accretive to our earnings, and that’s tthey way we’ve approactheyd it. As far as tthey special dividend, we don’t have tthey exact number yet. But we do think, it’s probably in tthey range of $0.10 to $0.12, which is what we talked about, I think, two quarters ago, which is mostly related to tthey gain from tthey litigation settlement. It could move up or down a little bit by tthey time we get to year-end, but that’s tthey range we’re pegging right now. Leon Cooperman Great. Thank you for your answers. And again, I’ve been able a shareholder for a long time. Very happy, and I really congratulate you on tthey great job you’ve done for all tthey shareholders. Paul Elenio Thank you, Lee. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Lee, for your support and comments. Operator Thank you. I’d now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Ivan Kaufman for closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Well, thank you, everybody, for participating and your support. It’s been an outstanding quarter and an outstanding year-to-date. And we’re very confident with what we put forth in our increase in our dividend and our core earnings and look forward to anottheyr great quarter in tthey fourth quarter and concluding tthey year. Have a good day, everybody. A - Paul Elenio Thanks, everyone. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. You may disconnect. Have a wonderful day.