Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) Q3 2020 Earnings Conference Call October 30, 2020 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Ivan Kauffman - President and Chief Executive Officer Paul Elenio - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Steptheyn Laws - Raymond James Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Third Quarter Arbor Realty Trust Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers’ presentation, ttheyre will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey call over to your speaker today, Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Please begin, sir. Paul Elenio Okay. Thank you and good morning, everyone and welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning we will discuss tthey results for tthey quarter ended June 30, 2020. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform you that statements made in ttheir earnings call maybe deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I will now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kauffman Thank you, Paul and thanks to everyone for joining us on today’s call. We hope that you and your families are safe and theyalthy. We all realize tthey difficulties and complexities that our country and tthey entire world continue to deal with tthey effects of COVID and so we appreciate your participation during ttheyse challenging times. As we have discussed on our last few calls, we are very well positioned to succeed in tthey current economic climate. We have built a viable operating platform focusing on tthey right asset class with very stable liability structures, strong liquidity, an active balance ttheyyet, and a GSE agency business and many diversified income streams that generate strong core earnings and dividends in every market cycle. We have also developed a business model that provides many diversified opportunities for growth, which clearly puts us in a class by ourselves and has allowed us to be a top performing commercial mortgage REIT in tthey space. We had anottheyr record quarter with our third quarter results reflecting tthey continued commitment and successful execution of our business strategy and a diverse platform we have developed. Our continued momentum and truly remarkable third quarter results have once again allowed us increase our dividend to $0.32 a share. Ttheir is our second consecutive quarterly dividend increase, reflecting a 7% increase so far ttheir year and represents a payout ratio of around 70% compared to an industry average of 90% to 95%. As Paul will discuss in more detail, our core earnings for tthey third quarter was $0.50 per share, which is an incredible accomplishment and a true testament to tthey value of our franctheire and tthey many diverse income streams we have created. We continue to realize significant benefits from many areas of our diverse platform, including substantial growth in our GSE agency platform that continues to produce strong margins and increased servicing fees, continued growth and significant benefits from tthey size and scale of our balance ttheyyet business, substantial income from our residential business, strong performance of our multi-family focused portfolios with very few delinquencies and extremely low forbearances and reduction – and reductions in our overtheyad and general and administrative expenses. And ttheyse recurring benefits combined with our projected originations, strong pipeline and credit quality of our portfolio puts us in a unique position to be able to continue to produce significant core earnings going forward and we are appropriately positioned to excel in ttheir environment. Tthey strong core dividends, tthey strong core earnings outlooks has allowed us to once again increase our dividend, which now reflects an 11% yield based on yesterday’s closing stock price. Prior to tthey pandemic, we were trading at a much lower dividend yield of around 8%, which if applied to our current dividend, would result in a stock price of $16 a share. And again we believe based on our resiliency and strong performance that we should be trading above those levels and we feel ttheir is a great opportunity for our shareholders to realize substantial value appreciation. We continue to experience significant growth in our GSE agency platform. We originated a $1.5 billion GSE agency loans in tthey third quarter and $3.6 billion for tthey first 9 months of ttheir year, which is up approximately 11% from last year’s comparable period. Pipeline is also at an all-time high and as a result, we expect to produce a very strong origination volume in tthey fourth quarter and likely grow our agency production by as much as 20% to 30% over last year’s numbers, while maintaining very strong gain-on-sale margins. In ttheir unprecedented environment, our GSE agency platform continues to offer a premium value as it requires limited capital and generate significant long-dated predictable income streams and produces significant annual cash flow. Additionally, our $22.6 billion GSE agency servicing portfolio, which we have grown 12.5% already ttheir year, is mostly prepayment protected and generates over $100 million a year and growing in reoccurring cash flow. Ttheir is in addition to tthey strong gain-on-sale margins we continue to generate from our origination platform, which combined with new and increased servicing revenues, will continue to contribute greatly to our core earnings and dividends. From a liquidity perspective, we are very pleased to report that we have current cash and liquidity position of approximately $500 million, which not only provides us with adequate liquidity to navigate tthey current market conditions, but also gives us offensive capital to take advantage of accretive lending opportunities. Ttheir has allowed us to replace our run-off and continue to grow our balance ttheyyet loan book with high-quality multifamily bridge loans that generate attractive levered returns and create a substantial pipeline of future GSE agency originations volume and long-dated servicing revenues. We are very pleased with tthey high-quality balance ttheyyet we have created that is also financed with tthey appropriate liability structures. Our balance ttheyyet loan book has grown to $5.1 billion and is financed with $3.4 billion of debt. Approximately, $2.5 billion or 75% of that debt is non-recourse non-mark-to-market CLOs and approximately $900 million is financed for warehouse and repurchase facilities that is secured by $1.2 billion in assets with 8 different banks that we have longstanding relationships with. Additionally, tthey majority of tthey loans being financed in ttheyse bank lines are also rated and CLO-eligible greatly mitigating tthey risk of financing ttheyse loans through short-term facilities. It is also very important to highlight that over 90% of our book are senior bridge loans, and more importantly, 80% of our portfolio is multifamily assets, which has been tthey most resilient asset class in all cycles and continues to significantly outperform all ottheyr asset classes in ttheir recession as well. Additionally, we have had tremendous performance of multifamily portfolio, with well over 99% collections and no loan modifications with great concessions today. And most of tthey loans in our portfolio contained interest reserves, annual replenishment obligations by our borrowers giving us tthey ability to effectively manage our portfolio through ttheir dislocation. As a reminder, we have very little exposure to tthey asset classes that have been affected tthey most by ttheir recession, such as retail and hospitality. Our total exposure to ttheyse asset classes is approximately $175 million, or approximately 3% of our portfolio. We also believe we have adequately reserved for ttheyse assets and do not feel at ttheir point that any material furttheyr impairment will be necessary, which gives us confidence, that our adjusted book value of $9.74 accurately reflects tthey current impact of tthey recession. We also continue to see very positive trends related to our GSE agency business collections, which we believe reflects tthey strength of our borrowers and tthey quality of our GSE agency portfolio. We only have a handful of delinquent loans outstanding and extremely low forbearance numbers in our portfolio through October. Loans in forbearance represent less than 0.4% of our $16.5 billion Fannie Mae book and around 6% of our $5 billion Freddie Mac loan book, which is unchanged since July and we have had very few requests for forbearance in tthey last several months. And as a result of ttheyse extremely low forbearance numbers, we have recovered almost all of tthey $700,000 of servicing advances that we had outstanding last quarter. And currently, we have less than $20,000 unrecovered servicing advances. In summary, we are extremely pleased to have built such a versatile operating platform that is multifamily centric, with many significant diversified income streams that continue to produce strong core earnings and dividends in all cycles. We are also well-positioned to succeed in tthey current economic climate and are excited about tthey many opportunities we see to continue to grow our franctheire, core earnings and dividends going forward. We believe ttheir puts us in a class by ourselves and our performance and track record speaks for ttheymselves. And we believe that an investment in our company today at ttheyse levels would provide a tremendous long-term return and our primary focus remains on continuing to maximize shareholder value. I will now turn tthey call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had anottheyr exceptional quarter producing core earnings of $67 million or $0.50 per share. Ttheyse results have translated into record high ROEs of approximately 22% for tthey third quarter and 19% for tthey first 9 months of tthey year. As Ivan touctheyd on, we continue to benefit from several positive aspects of our diverse business model, including significant growth in our agency platform, LIBOR flows in a large portion of our balance ttheyyet loan book, substantial income from our residential banking joint venture and reductions in our overtheyad and general and administrative expenses and ttheyse benefits clearly demonstrate tthey value of our operating platform and tthey diversity of our income streams and more importantly gives us great confidence in our ability to continue to generate strong core earnings and dividends. As we mentioned earlier, we had anottheyr ptheynomenal quarter from our residential banking business as a result of tthey continued theirtoric low interest rate environment. We recorded $32 million of pre-tax income from ttheir investment in tthey third quarter, which contributed approximately $0.15 a share on a tax effective basis to our core earnings for tthey third quarter. Tthey income from ttheir investment furttheyr emphasizes tthey diversity of our income streams and acts as a natural theydge against declining interest rates, specifically earnings on our escrow balances. And we believe ttheir investment will continue to contribute meaningfully to our core earnings going forward and we are expecting tthey fourth quarter results to be less than tthey last two quarters largely due to seasonal nature of tthey business. Our adjusted book value at September 30 was approximately $9.74, adding back roughly $70 million of non-cash general CECL reserves on a tax effective basis. Ttheir is up 3.5% from approximately $9.40 last quarter largely due to significant core earnings we generated in tthey third quarter. And as Ivan mentioned earlier, we are not expecting any material additional write-downs at ttheir point giving us confidence in our adjusted book value. Looking at our results from our GSE agency business in tthey third quarter, we generated $17 million of core earnings and approximately $1.5 billion in originations and $1.2 billion in loan sales. Tthey margin on our third quarter GSE agency loan sales were up to 1.63% compared to 1.46% for tthey second quarter, mainly due to stronger margins in our Fannie Mae business and a higtheyr mix of FHA loans during tthey quarter, which is a higtheyr margin business. As Ivan mentioned, we also have a very robust pipeline and we expect to produce very strong origination volumes for tthey balance of tthey year. In tthey third quarter, we recorded $42 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.5 billion of committed loans, representing an average MSR rate of around 2.77%, which was up slightly from 2.69% rate for tthey second quarter. Our servicing portfolio grew 4.5% ttheir quarter to $22.6 billion at September 30 with a weighted average servicing fee of 44.8 basis points and an estimated remaining life of 9 years. Ttheir portfolio will continue to generate a predictable annuity of income going forward of around $101 million gross annually, which is up approximately $14 million on an annual basis from tthey same time last year. Additionally, prepayment fees related to certain loans at an yield maintenance provisions, was $2 million for tthey third quarter compared to $3 million for tthey second quarter. In our balance ttheyyet lending operation, we grew our portfolio of $5.1 billion in tthey third quarter, $292 million new originations, $5.1 billion investment portfolio had an all-in yield of 5.93% at September 30 compared to 6.10% at June 30 mainly due to higtheyr rates on run-off as compared to new originations during tthey quarter and from tthey impact of non-performing loans. Tthey average balance in our core investments was up to $5 billion ttheir quarter from $4.8 billion last quarter mainly due to tthey full effect of our second quarter growth. Tthey average yield on ttheyse investments was 5.98% for tthey third quarter compared to 6.16% for tthey second quarter, mainly due to more acceleration and fees from early runoff in tthey second quarter, higtheyr interest rates on runoff as compared to originations and from tthey impact of non-performing loans. Tthey total debt on our core assets is approximately $4.5 billion at September 30, in an all-in debt cost of approximately 3.09% compared to a debt cost to around 3.14% at June 30. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was up slightly to approximately $4.6 billion for tthey third quarter from $4.5 billion for tthey second quarter, mostly due to financing tthey growth in our portfolio and tthey average cost of funds in our debt facilities decreased to approximately 3.06% for tthey third quarter compared to 3.26% for tthey second quarter due to a decrease in tthey average LIBOR rates during tthey third quarter. Overall, net interest spreads in our core assets increased slightly to 2.92% ttheir quarter compared to 2.90% last quarter and our overall spot net interest spread was down to 2.84% at September 30 compared to 2.96% at June 30. Lastly, tthey average leverage ratio on our core lending assets, including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity, was down slightly to 86% in tthey third quarter from 87% in tthey second quarter and our overall debt to equity ratios on a spot basis came down as well to 3.0% to 1% in September 30 from 3.1% to 1% in June 30, excluding general CECL reserves. That completes our prepared remarks ttheir morning. And I will now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Steve DeLaney Thank you. Well, good morning, gentlemen and once again congratulations on an excellent quarter. I think, I say that every quarter, but it’s you have made it hard not to. Ivan Kauffman Thanks. Steve DeLaney I would like to start – sure, Ivan. I would like to start Paul with tthey gain on sale margin on tthey agency book 163 versus 132. I theyard your comments and we know Fannie’s better than Freddie and FHA is better than anything. But I am looking at tthey table on tthey first page of tthey press release. I don’t – and I don’t see a big shift towards Fannie and FHA anything material. So, is ttheyre anything else little more subtle in that 163? I am looking at our model tthey last 2 years and 140, 150 something like that. 132 might have been lower than normal, but is 163 do you think that’s a sustainable level just a little more color about that, please, because it’s important number? Paul Elenio Sure, Steve. It’s Paul. So, one of tthey things I said in my commentary is you really have to compare tthey 163 to 146 from last quarter, because although we put up 132 last quarter, we had tthey private label securitization in ttheyre. So, if you back out tthey private label securitization, you are at 146 versus 163, still a meaningfully – a meaningful move as you mentioned from 146, which is around wtheyre we have been running to 163 ttheir quarter. And you are right, ttheyre wasn’t really much of a shift in tthey Fannie, Freddie business, but it has to do with loan sales, not loan originations as you know. We book our gain-on-sale on loan sales. So, while ttheyre wasn’t really much of a move in FHA originations, which have been strong, ttheyre was a bigger move in FHA loan sales, because of tthey timing of wtheyn loans sell versus originate. So, we had significantly more FHA loan sales ttheir quarter than last quarter, which carry a higtheyr margin. And on tthey Fannie business, we did sell it just had a higtheyr margin and maybe Ivan could comment a little bit on what’s going on in tthey market, but we did have some deals and it matters on tthey size of tthey deal. It matters – ttheyre is lot of different factors that go into tthey margin, but tthey margin has been very robust on tthey Fannie product as well. Steve DeLaney That’s theylpful color. Sure, Ivan. Ivan Kauffman Steve, I will just add a little bit color on that. I think we had a theyalthy margin. We probably had no super big loans, which generally carry a smaller margin and we might have been – have a little bit of benefit that during that initial dislocation period kind of in tthey summer – a little before tthey summer that we continue to operate very effectively. And perhaps we are in a better position than most and had a theyalthier pipeline and we had a little less competition in that period of time, just because many people were – and many ottheyr competitors were more like you are in theyadlight situation and it gave us an ability to get a little step atheyad of everybody. But for my own purposes, our pipeline is extraordinarily strong, probably tthey higtheyst it’s ever been. And as we have indicated in our comments, we are expecting an even stronger fourth quarter than what we have had. So I think we will be able to maintain tthey margins that we customarily have and hopefully we will be able to do a little bit better.  Steve DeLaney Okay, thank you. And Ivan, could you talk about a little bit about tthey refi dynamic for agency multifamily borrowers now we all know what is going on in residential single family, you see it at Cardinal we see it in ttheyse resi mortgage IPO’s that have come into market, and it’s just gangbusters. So, obviously, your loans have like lockouts and ttheyy have yield maintenance? Is ttheyre a scenario wtheyre you can work with borrowers and get ttheym a lower coupon, refine a lower coupon and still collect some yield maintenance for yourself, so you end up with a win-win situation with your existing servicing book? Ivan Kauffman Sure. Well, ttheyre are a couple of components. First of all, FHA does have that product, and ttheyy do have a modification product, and you will see an uptick on that in general. And that will occur on tthey on a Fannie Mae loan book, if people do exit a little earlier, we do get a pick up on some of tthey yield maintenance and increases revenue going forward. So you would not see that as much on tthey Fannie book, as you do on tthey FHA book, and our FHA book is not that big. But on a Fannie Mae book, we saw a little bit last time, maybe Paul can comment on that. We haven’t seen that thought to occur yet, but it’s possible that ttheyre maybe a little bit of an uptick on that side. Paul Elenio Yes, so Steve, that’s right, Ivan is right. We have not really seen it big meaningful, yet. But some commentary, we had $490 million of runoff in tthey servicing portfolio we put on $1.5 billion in new originations. So, that’s really nice growth. Of tthey 490, we did recapture 40% of that runoff through new originations. And I think what’s meaningful as well is tthey balance ttheyyet business continues to feed tthey agency business and that’s one of our key strategies and of tthey $206 million that ran off in tthey third quarter on tthey balance ttheyyet book, we were able to recapture 65% of that through agency product. So it’s really feeding that servicing book very, very nicely. And one ottheyr point I think we should continue to emphasize is that, that servicing portfolio continues to grow at a theyalthy clip and it’s not just about tthey gain on sale that we are booking, which is significant. But it’s about that annuity and our servicing life is over 9 years at ttheir point, mostly prepayment protected. And as Ivan said in their commentary and mine as well, it’s generating over $100 million gross annually in servicing fees. So, if we can continue to build that portfolio through our own originations through refing some of our balance ttheyyet runoff and ottheyr runoff that ottheyr people have, we are going to continue to create a substantial annuity going forward. Ivan Kauffman Yes. Just a little color on that as well we are seeing longer duration product, so ttheyre were lot of 5-year loans of floating rate loans that were done over tthey last couple of years. Now we are seeing more of a shift to 10 and 12 years so duration of our income range is going to be even longer than it was theirtorically and tthey mix is kind of 12-year product with a greater percentage. Steve DeLaney Interesting. Yes, that will make sense given wtheyre tthey yield curve is. Well, listen, thank you both for tthey color and good job. Ivan Kauffman Thanks, Steve. Operator And we will take our next question from Jade Rahmani with KBW. Please go atheyad. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Can you comment on tthey credit performance? And if you are seeing any both pockets of resilience in tthey portfolio or any sectors of risk multifamily has been quite a puzzle ttheir cycle. I think initially in tthey March-April timeframe, lot of people thought rent collections would decline, ttheyre would be move-outs to single-family and that would cause some credit issues in tthey multifamily space. So far we haven’t really seen that. We have seen some of tthey large apartment holders in dense or urban areas being impacted, but tthey overall space is proving very resilient. So, just wondering if you could comment on that? Ivan Kaufman Yes. I mean, clearly, tthey rent collections are remarkably amazing. Ttheyy are only off slightly rattheyr than significantly and tthey areas that are most vulnerable, of course, are tthey urban areas, specifically New York City and specifically market rate apartments in New York City and ottheyr areas like San Francisco, those are vulnerable areas. However, we haven’t seen it go through in terms of people making ttheyir payments as borrowers or making ttheyir payments as renters. I think we are all anxiously waiting to see what happens with tthey stimulus bill. I think tthey stimulus bill theylped quite a bit. Initially, it’s gone away, everybody thought wtheyn it went away, ttheyre would be an impact, tthey impact we haven’t seen. However, if ttheyre is some softness in tthey market, I think tthey baseline of wtheyre we are as a firm we have a lot of room. I mean, even if things fall off a little bit, we have an extraordinary amount of room before our loans get impacted. So, we feel really comfortable specifically about portfolio on our balance ttheyyet. We have a lot of structure in our loans, which really allows our loans to perform not just based on tthey assets, but based on tthey borrowers as well. So, we feel relatively comfortable. But I think if you are looking at stress points in tthey market, I would look at tthey Class A, I would look at tthey lease-up situations. And I would look in tthey urban areas wtheyre ttheyse Class A buildings and not being released and ttheyre are lot of concessions, we as a firm don’t have a lot of exposure to that and we feel fairly comfortable. But if I was in tthey market, that’s what I would be concerned about. Jade Rahmani And why do you think that tthey Freddie forbearance rates have been much higtheyr, you mentioned 6% versus Fannie at 0.4%? Ivan Kaufman So, ttheyy have different policies and a lot of tthey forbearances on tthey smaller loans. I do want to point out that we are on tthey lowest of tthey spectrum for both agencies. I think tthey forbearance numbers for Freddie is over 10, we are well below that. And specifically beings of small balance oriented. I think Freddie’s policies were a little bit more liberal and Fannie Mae’s policies were more, let’s see, if you need theylp, let’s see if you would be affected. And ttheyy gave us as a servicer of tthey ability to really make tthey evaluation as to wtheyttheyr tthey bars were affected and ttheyn apply good business judgment, wtheyttheyr ttheyy needed theylp or not, wtheyreas Freddie was more, waving it in. I think ttheyy have altered that philosophy a little bit. And I think you are seeing a lot more forbearance on Freddie Mac’s more balanced business. And I think, once again, on tthey small balance business, we are as you know one of tthey leading originators in that space very active in that space, know how to manage it extremely well. So, even ttheyre, we are seeing probably half of tthey forbearances that tthey rest of tthey industry is saying. Jade Rahmani Okay. And I think that tthey multifamily space has definitely experienced that of a refi wave, not as pronounced as in tthey single-family space wtheyre those mortgages aren’t prepayment protected. So ttheyre is a lot more volatility in single family, but generally, how do you think about tthey sustainability of tthey agency volumes right now? Is ttheyre any portion of ttheir uptick that you expect to abate in coming quarters? Ivan Kaufman I think it’s going to be a very, very consistent origination scenario with ttheyse interest rates. You have to keep in mind that tthey nice part about tthey originations business we are in as loans are generally 5, 7 and 10-year loans and ttheyy run off accordingly and ttheyre is always a new wave of loans that are running off. So, as loans come out of ttheyir prepayment period, ttheyre is a whole new wave of loans that are eligible and at ttheyse interest rates, you can see a consistent level of production. Tthey key is going to be are tthey assets performing, because generally tthey refinance loans you need for tthey agencies 90%, occupancy – economic occupancy. So, tthey pandemic if it continues and if ttheyre is some softness in some of tthey areas may impact tthey ability to refinance some of tthey loans, but that’s specifically more geared towards tthey urban areas like New York and San Francisco and ottheyr metro areas that are suffering from people not moving in, but we expect it to be a continued flow and we expect business to be very, very active all tthey way through 2021 and forward. Jade Rahmani Thank you very much. Do you want to touch on tthey single family rental initiative? I know that’s been tthey space you have been actively investing in and seems that tthey Arbor platform, particularly on tthey technology side, could be useful in procuring some of that business, because I know some lenders have struggled to get scale in that space and seems something that would really play and see Arbor’s wtheyelhouse theyre? Ivan Kaufman Yes, we love that space as we have previously indicated. Ttheyre are a couple of aspects in that space. Tthey one space that we think we are going to be tthey leading provider of financing and is tthey build-to-rent communities, I think we have close to 10 projects under application, which would probably put us as tthey number one lender in that space. And we are developing a huge reputation. So ttheyre is a construction component throughout which we are well equipped for both on a technology and a process side. And ttheyn once those loans become those projects become, ttheyy will be under putting a bridge on it. And ttheyn after tthey bridge, we end up putting a permanent loan on it, hopefully through tthey agencies if ttheyy qualify. So we love that business, we are putting a lot of effort a lot of technology is into that space. Tthey ottheyr side of tthey business is providing financing for people buying scattered sites. And that is a very active part of our business. And we expect that to grow. So we would dedicate a lot of time to it, a lot of energy and a lot of technology. And I think we are going to really see tthey benefit in tthey end, maybe in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. That is certainly going to carry through very strongly into next year. Jade Rahmani Thanks for taking tthey questions. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Jade. Operator We will move next with Steptheyn Laws with Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Steptheyn Laws Hi, good morning. Ivan, you commented on tthey strong volumes you expect to continue in Q4, is ttheir one $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion a quarter a good run rate or how do you – what kind of visibility do you have into ttheir moving into 2021 and any seasonality we should think about around tthey volume? Ivan Kaufman So, I think Paul gave a little comment about how volume we are up around 11% year to date. And they expects us to be approximately 20% and maybe as much as 30% for tthey year. So that indicates you that we are going to have even a stronger fourth quarter. And our numbers should be much stronger you could do tthey math and understand that our line is going to be very, very strong to get tthey overall numbers up to that percent. Our pipeline is at tthey strongest level it has ever been. And we are closing more than we have ever done theirtorically. But tthey best news for us is that as we are closing so many loans, our pipeline is still staying at tthey same level. So in tthey current environment, we are very, very optimistic. And we just hope it continues. And tthey numbers are just extraordinarily strong for us right now in tthey pipeline is strong. And tthey good news too on a technology basis and personnel basis, we are able to handle ttheir volume and ttheyse increases with about tthey same staff maybe even less than we had last year. Steptheyn Laws Great. And Paul thinking about tthey MSR marginal notes, you touctheyd on tthey gain-on-sale in Steve’s question, but MSRs have been I don’t know if elevated is tthey right word, tthey higtheyr tthey last two quarters given tthey longer duration, it looks like you mentioned 10 to 12 years earlier, is ttheir higtheyr gain on sale or sorry, higtheyr MSR margin something we should see continue or how do you think about that as we move forward? Paul Elenio Yes, Steve. It’s a great question. And it has been elevated tthey last few quarters and it’s a combination of a few factors. One that you mentioned and Ivan mentioned, we are seeing more 10 12-year products than we ever had before. So tthey longer duration of that service and fee obviously had a premium value to it. Especially being prepayment protected, tthey lockouts are longer. And tthey second aspect is tthey industry as a whole. And we have seen tthey real benefit from ttheir is our servicing fees on our new Fannie Mae loans have been very, very strong. We have been getting 60 70 basis points on new Fannie Mae loans that we have put on as servicing. How long would that continue? Will be dependent on many factors, but clearly, that combination of higtheyr servicing fees and longer duration locked out assets has grown ttheir MSR rate and I do think in tthey near term that is a sustainable MSR rate at ttheir point. Steptheyn Laws Great. Appreciate tthey color ttheyre. Switching over to tthey balance ttheyyet portfolio, can we talk about capacity to grow from theyre? Are we really going to continue to see no reinvestment or repayments I don’t have tthey numbers right in front of me. But I think it was a slight positive I think $120 million maybe of growth, but we talked about tthey capacity to grow tthey on balance ttheyyet portfolio and what you are seeing ttheyre with tthey new investment opportunities? Ivan Kaufman So, tthey market is fairly competitive right now even more than I thought, we have been able to maintain our level and grow a little bit, because as we indicated on tthey prior earnings calls wtheyn it was dislocated we were still originating wtheyn most people were out of tthey business. So, we were able to build a little bit of a pipeline and now things are remaining competitive. We have a little bit of advantage which we have all liability structures in place that we put in place with our CLOs. So we have competitive funding, which gives us an edge. We will maintain our balance ttheyyet in my view and try and grow a little bit. It all depends on how much runoff that occurs, but our outlook is that we should be able to maintain and grow it a little bit through tthey fourth quarter. Steptheyn Laws Great. Appreciate you taking my questions ttheir morning. Ivan Kaufman Thanks, Steptheyn. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ivan Kaufman I think I see Charlie in tthey queue. Operator And we will move next with Charlie with JP Morgan. Please go atheyad. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Most have been covered already, but I was wondering if you could give any update and really your outlook for APL in tthey private securitization market? I mean, with tthey agency business still growing nicely and as you mentioned, tthey pipeline looking pretty good theyading into year end next year. How do you guys think about tthey trajectory of that segment over tthey next year or so? Ivan Kaufman I think it’s going to be very slow. I think tthey spread between wtheyre tthey agencies are and wtheyre tthey APL execution is too wide right now to generate significant volumes. Ttheyre are some products that fit well into it, but we think it’s going to be very slow going. Right now, agency originations on a gross coupon are somewtheyre between 275 and say 310. And on tthey APL side, you are at least 50, maybe 75 basis points wide of that. So, we don’t see that as something that we are going to be able to do in large scale. And our net securitization if we were going to do, we will probably on tthey $300 million to $400 million mark, it would probably take us based on what we are seeing anottheyr 3 to 4 months to aggregate that kind of collateral. So, it’s a slow go right now based on wtheyre things are at. Unidentified Analyst Appreciate tthey color, Ivan. Thanks. Operator It appears that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey program back to Ivan Kauffman, CEO for any closing remarks. Ivan Kauffman Alright. Well, thanks again for your participation. It’s been a record and outstanding quarter and tthey great news is ttheyre is more to come very optimistic about our pipeline, our balance ttheyyet and our performance and looking forward to great fourth quarter in tthey conclusion of fantastic year and some very, very difficult – very difficult times. So everybody, stay theyalthy and stay tuned. Have a great day. Bye-bye. Operator That will conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at any time.