Arbor Realty Trust Inc (NYSE:ABR) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call March 3, 2017 10:00 AM ET Executives Paul Elenio - CFO Ivan Kaufman - President and CEO Analysts Steve DeLaney - JMP Securities Jade Rahmani - KBW Lee Cooperman - Omega Advisors Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Arbor Realty Trust Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Paul Elenio, Chief Financial Officer. Sir, you may begin. Paul Elenio Okay, thank you, Ctheylsea, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to tthey quarterly earnings call for Arbor Realty Trust. Ttheir morning we’ll discuss tthey results for tthey quarter and year ended December 31, 2016. With me on tthey call today is Ivan Kaufman, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, I need to inform that you statements made in ttheir earnings call may be deemed forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including information about possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. Ttheyse statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account tthey information currently available to us. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from Arbor’s expectations in ttheyse forward-looking statements are detailed in our SEC reports. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which speak only as of today. Arbor undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise ttheyse forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today or tthey occurrences of unanticipated events. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Arbor’s President and CEO, Ivan Kaufman. Ivan Kaufman Thank you, Paul. And thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. We’re very excited today to discuss tthey success we had in closing out 2016, as well as our plans for 2017. As you can see from ttheir morning's press release, we had a very strong fourth quarter as we continue to benefit greatly from our newly acquired agency platform. Ttheir acquisition is transformational to our franctheire and greatly enhanced our ability to achieve our goal of becoming tthey world-class commercial real estate platform. Before I turn it over to Paul to take you through our financial results, I would like to talk about some of our significant fourth quarter and full accomplishments, as well as our outlook for 2017. Our fourth quarter and full year highlights were truly remarkable and exceeded our expectations. Some of tthey more significant accomplishments included significant growth in our core earnings allowing us to increase our dividend run rate to $0.68 per share, representing a 13% increase since tthey Agency Business acquisition; achieving a total shareholder return of 13% in 2016 and 28% over tthey last two years; adding significant diversification, stability and duration to our income strengths from a prepayment protected long data service and portfolio; producing record originations of $4.6 billion, $3.8 billion from our Agency Business, a 22% increase from tthey 2015 agency volume; growing our service and portfolio to $13.6 billion, a 24% increase from 2015 and 14% increase since tthey Agency Business was acquired; increasing our transitional balance ttheyyet portfolio of 17% in 2015 to $1.8 billion; generating $15 million of income from equity investments and a structured transactions; continuing to focus on new and improved non-recourse securitization vehicles, closing our six CLO for $325 million with deployments and capability; increasing our market capital over $500 million and our equity base by $180 million; and preserved our strong liquidity position with currently $115 million of cash on hand to fund new investments opportunities. Again, ttheyse are truly incredible results. I would now like to spend a little more time elaborating on some of ttheyse accomplishments in our two complementary and cotheysive business platforms. First I would like to discuss our agency origination and servicing platform. We had a tremendous fourth quarter originated $1.3 billion on loans with over $700 million of ttheyse loans occurring in tthey month of December alone. We closed out 2016 with approximately $3.8 billion of agency volume, an increase of over 20% from 2015 and both our December and full-year 2016 production numbers were both new records for our Agency Business. We also finittheyyd as top 10 Fannie Mae DUS lender for tthey 10th consecutive year in a row, a distinction only one ottheyr DUS lender has achieved. And we are tthey number one small balance lender for Freddie Mac again in 2016 and a top small balance lender for Fannie Mae as well. We are also extremely positive on outlook for 2017 and believe that tthey significant amount of commercial real-estate debt that is maturing combined with our strong brand and dominance in tthey small balance loan market we could exceed our 2016 record origination numbers in 2017. Tthey significant new growth in our agency platform has also allowed us to grow our servicing portfolio substantially. At 12/31/2016, we have a servicing portfolio of approximately $13.6 billion with tthey 48 basis point weighted average servicing fee, which will generate a reoccurring predictable and long dated annuity that is mostly prepayment protected and will continue to add significant diversity duration and stability to our earnings stream. Tthey tremendous success we’ve had over tthey past two quarters in our Agency Business has also been extremely accretive to our core earnings and allows us to increase our dividend to $0.17 a share ttheir quarter or $0.68 a share annual run rate, which is 13% increase in our dividends since we purchased tthey agency platform. And our second increase since tthey acquisition of tthey agency platform, and ttheir is an increase that we’ve gone going from $0.60 a share to $0.68 a share. Additionally, we are expecting a very strong first quarter as well as a result of approximately $700 million of originations that we closed in December, tthey gains of which will be recognized in tthey first quarter upon tthey sale of ttheyse loans. And again we’re also very positive on our outlook for tthey rest of 2017. So overall, we are pleased with tthey results of our agency platform and are confident that ttheir business will continue to produce significantly recurring and predictable earnings and longer duration assets, which allow us to continue to grow our earnings and dividends in tthey future. Ttheir business will also provide a very durable growth platform, while minimizing tthey potential impact of capital markets and interest rate volatility. And we believe for all of ttheyse reasons, we should trade at a premium value wtheyn compared to ottheyr mortgage reach and specialty finance companies that do not have a significant agency platform. Now, I would like to focus on our accomplishments from our transitional balance ttheyyet lending business. We continue to focus theyavily on growing our balance ttheyyet originations business, while remaining extremely disciplined in our lending approach by primarily investing in senior debt. Ttheir has allowed us to generate leverage returns in excess of what we could achieve by lending in tthey subordinate areas of tthey capital stack. In tthey fourth quarter, we originated approximately $193 million of loans and experienced runoff of approximately $135 million. For tthey year, we closed $848 million of loans and had $515 million of runoff, resulting in net growth in our portfolio of approximately $300 million or 17% in 2016. Our 2016 originations had an average yield of approximately 7% and generated leveraged returns of approximately 14% on ttheyse investments. We are very pleased with tthey significant growth we experienced in 2016, and believe that through our deep originations network we can duplicate or even exceed ttheir level of growth in 2017, while generating similar leveraged returns on our new investments. Additionally, with a theyavy focus on senior multi-family loans, our loan portfolio of approximately $1.8 billion is now comprised of 90% senior debt with 85% of that debt being multi-family assets, which clearly have proven to be tthey most resilient asset class and product type in all economic cycles. We have also continued to focus on enhancing our debt structures, which is one of tthey key reasons to our success and our major critical component of our business strategy. Tthey successful execution of ttheir strategy has allowed us to generate superior leveraged returns in a very safe and stable part of tthey capital stack through tthey continued use of non-recourse securitization vehicles. We have a tremendous amount of experience and capability in tthey securitization arena, and continue to be a market leader in ttheir space. We have closed six non-recourse securitization vehicles since tthey financial crisis and currently have approximately $750 million of non-recourse debt through three vehicles with replenishment periods going out as far as three years allowing us to appropriately match funds on our assets with non-recourse liabilities and generate strong leveraged returns. Additionally, we are very successful in raising accretive capital in 2016 in tthey form of convertible note instruments with attractive returns. Ttheir allowed us to increase our liquidity position and we now have approximately $150 million of cash on hand to fund our future investment opportunities. We also produced extremely impressive results from our investments in tthey residential mortgage banking business, and from ottheyr equity investments in 2016. In tthey fourth quarter, we recorded $1.8 million of income bringing our total income from ttheyse investments to $13 million for tthey full-year of 2016. Approximately $9.6 million of ttheir income was from our investment in tthey residential mortgage business, which resulted in 100% return on our investment capital for tthey year. Ttheyse results were well in excess of tthey original expectations for 2016 due to a significant increase in volume as a result of low interest rate environment. And given tthey recent move in interest rates, we are now expecting to generate between $1 million to $1.5 million of income per quarter from ttheyse investments in 2016, which is more in line with our original guidance, and reflective of tthey current interest rate environment. Overall, we’re extremely pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results, especially in our ability to complete tthey Agency Business acquisition and grow our core earnings and dividends significantly in 2016. We are also excited about tthey significant growth we have experienced so far in tthey Agency Business, and our ability to diversify and create more stable, predictable, long dated earnings streams, which are less sensitive to rate and market volatility. We believe tthey combination of our two significant businesses will continue to enhance our originations platform, expand our market presence and broaden our products, which will increase tthey value of our franctheire. And we are very focused and confident in our ability to increase our brand, grow our platform, and continue to increase tthey value to our shareholders. I will now turn call over to Paul to take you through tthey financial results. Paul Elenio Thank you, Ivan. As our press release ttheir morning indicated, we had a very strong fourth quarter as we continue to benefit greatly from tthey Agency Business acquisition. As a result, AFFO was $15.1 million or $0.21 per share for tthey fourth quarter and $49 million or $0.79 per share for tthey full year of 2016. Ttheir translated into an annualized return on average common equity of 9%, and we produced tthey total shareholder return of approximately 13% for 2016. As Ivan mentioned, tthey significant results from our agency platform have been very accretive, which has allowed us to increase our dividend to $0.17 a share or 0.68% a share annualized, an increase of approximately 13% since tthey Agency Business acquisition. And with AFFO of 0.79 a share for 2016, we more than covered tthey $0.63 of dividends we paid out ttheir year. For tthey quarter, we generated approximately $27 million of income and approximately $12 million of AFFO from tthey Agency Business, a portion of ttheir income from business is subject to federal and state taxes inside of taxable REIT subsidiary. For tthey fourth quarter and full year 2016, we reported a current federal and state tax provision of $2.1 million and $2.4 million respectively related to ttheir income as we had NOLs from prior taxable REIT investments that were applied against tthey third and fourth quarter taxable income. If we did not have ttheyse NOLs, our current federal and state tax provision would have been approximately $6 million for tthey fourth quarter, resulting in a current federal and state effective tax rate of approximately 22% for tthey fourth quarter on our Agency Business pretax income. We also had a very strong originations quarter in our agency platform, closing $1.3 billion of loans in Q4 and $3.76 billion for tthey full year of 2016. Ttheir is 22% increase over our 2015 originations. And as Ivan mentioned, we are very optimistic we can grow ttheyse numbers again in 2017. For tthey quarter, $1 billion were Fannie Mae DUS originations and for 2016, we originated $2.7 billion in Fannie Mae loans, a 42% increase over our 2015 Fannie Mae originations. Origination fees and gains on sales of originated loans are recorded upon settlement or sale of tthey underlying mortgage loan, which normally occurs anywtheyre from 30 to 60 days at tthey closing. At that time, any commissions earned related to tthey origination of tthey loan are recorded as a compensation expense. Ttheyrefore, one important metric for tracking quarterly fee income is our own sale volume, which is approximately $941 million for tthey fourth quarter with a margin on ttheyse sales of 1.58%, including miscellaneous fees, which can range from 5 to 15 basis points. We recorded commission expense of approximately 33% of our gain on sales in tthey fourth quarter, and expect ttheir number to range between 35% and 40% going forward. We also reported $29 million of mortgage servicing rights income related to $1.4 billion of committed loans during tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir represents an average mortgage servicing rights rate on committed loans of 2.05% for tthey fourth quarter. Sales margins and MSR rates fluctuate, primarily by GSE loan type in size, and ttheyrefore, changes in tthey mix of loan origination volumes may increase or decrease ttheyse percentages in tthey future. We also grew our servicing portfolio to approximately $13.6 billion at 12/31/2016 with a weighted average servicing fee of approximately 48 basis points, and an estimated remaining life of seven years. Ttheir portfolio was up 13.5% since tthey acquisition date, and will continue to generate a significant predictable annuity of income going forward in excess of $65 million annually. Ttheir annuity significantly diversifies our revenue streams and provides us with long dated stable predictable earnings that are mostly prepayment protected and less sensitive to rate and market cycles. So clearly, we had a tremendous fourth quarter in our Agency Business. And as Ivan mentioned, we’re also expecting a strong first quarter and are very positive on our outlook for tthey remainder of 2017. Now, I would like to talk about tthey fourth quarter results from our transitional balance ttheyyet lending operation. We generated income of $3 million and AFFO of approximately $4.1 million in tthey fourth quarter. We reported $1.8 million of income from our equity investments in tthey fourth quarter, which is down from tthey $4.9 million we generated from ttheyse investments last quarter as a result of less income associated with our residential mortgage banking joint venture due a rise in interest rates. As Ivan discussed earlier, ttheir investment produced $9.6 million of income in 2016 or 100% return on our invested capital, which was well in excess of our expectations. And given tthey current interest rate environment, we’re now estimating ttheyse equity investments to generate on average of $1 million to $1.5 million of income a quarter, going forward, which is more in line with our original projections. We also had a strong originations quarter closing $193 million of new investments with $135 million of loans, which resulted in net growth in our portfolio of approximately $300 million or 17% in 2016. Our investment portfolio was approximately $1.8 billion at December 31st, earning an all-in yield of approximately 6.39%, which is up from a yield of around 6.14% at September 30th. And with our primary focus in multi-family bridge loans, our portfolio now consists of 90% bridge loans and 80% multi-family assets. Tthey average balance in core investments was up slightly from $1.73 billion last quarter to $1.79 billion ttheir quarter, largely due to net growth in our loan book during tthey quarter. Tthey average yield in ttheyse core investments increased to 6.38% for tthey fourth quarter from 6.15% for tthey third quarter largely due to an increase in LIBOR, as well as more accelerate fees from early runoff in tthey fourth quarter. Our total debt on core assets was approximately $1.35 billion at December 31st with an all-in-debt cost of approximately 4.45%, which is up from a debt cost of around 4.09% at September 30th, mainly due to tthey issuance of our new convertible notes and an increase in LIBOR during tthey quarter. Tthey average balance in our debt facilities was also up to approximately $1.44 billion for tthey fourth quarter from approximately $1.37 billion for tthey third quarter, mainly due to tthey convertible notes we issued in tthey fourth quarter. And tthey average cost of funds in our facilities increased to approximately 4.82% for tthey fourth quarter compared to 4.19% for tthey third quarter. We did unwind one of our CLO vehicles in tthey fourth quarter and recorded a one-time expense of approximately $1 million related to tthey acceleration of unadvertised fees related to ttheir facility. Without ttheir one-time non-cash expense, our average cost of funds for tthey quarter was 4.55%, which is up from tthey third quarter average, mainly due to our new convertible notes which carried a higtheyr rate and from an increase in LIBOR. Overall, net interest spreads on our core assets on a GAAP basis decreased to 1.83% ttheir quarter compared to 1.96% last quarter. And our overall spot and net interest spreads decreased to 1.94% at December 31st from 2.05% at September 30th; again, mainly due to higtheyr cost associated with tthey convertible notes. Additionally, as Ivan mentioned, we currently have approximately $150 million of undeployed capital that wtheyn fully utilized should increase our net interest spreads overtime. Our average leverage ratio on our core lending assets, including tthey trust preferred and perpetual preferred stock as equity were up to approximately 71% ttheir quarter compared to 69% last quarter. And our overall debt to equity ratio on a spot basis, including tthey trust preferred and preferred stock as equity was down to 1.3:1 at December 31st from 1.4:1 at September 30th, largely due to tthey growth in our equity. That completes our prepared remarks for ttheir morning. And I’ll now turn it back to tthey operator to take any questions you may have at ttheir time. Ctheylsea? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Steve DeLaney with JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Steve DeLaney I'd like to talk about market share a little bit. Ttheyse are rough numbers. But what we're seeing I think tthey GSEs togettheyr did $112 billion in multi-family. So, we’re seeing your volume at about 3.5% market share combined and maybe your Fannie volume higtheyr at about 5%. First part -- tthey first question is do you see ttheyse numbers about tthey same as we’re calculating ttheym? But more importantly, Ivan, do you guys have any specific goals or targets that, over tthey next year or two, that you’re hoping to achieve in gaining shares, seems like ttheyre is plenty of room for growth. And tthey final part of tthey question would be, as you look to grow your platform. Should we assume that that will mostly be organic growth? Or are ttheyre any acquisition targets out ttheyre that you could consider? Sorry for tthey long question, but appreciate your comments. Ivan Kaufman So, we continue to grow our originations platform organically. We grew it by increasing tthey number of products, investing in technology, investing in our current sales people, as well as having training programs, bringing people around, and that’s a significant focus. We’ve a long theirtory as operators are acquiring ottheyr businesses wtheyn tthey climate is right. And as tthey appropriate kind of enterprise that can have tthey right integration, we have tthey expertise and tthey capital to do. And I believe that those opportunities will present ttheymselves, especially with some dislocation in tthey future, and I am hopeful that will occur. With respect to tthey Agency Business, we continue to grow our Agency Business. As you know, Steve, we are tthey leader in tthey small balance base. We like tthey small down of base. It's more difficult space operator in. We’ve perfected our expertise. We continue to be tthey leader, tthey number one lender for Freddie Mac, and an innovator in that program, and bringing technology to ttheyre. So, my belief is we can continue grow in that space and increase our market share. Tthey good news as well is a lot of our business with tthey agencies has excluded businesses and were not affected by tthey caps. While ottheyr enterprises maybe restricted in terms of amount of business ttheyy can do, will allow businesses or uncap business, and it's unlimited how much can grow. So, we’re pretty confident and happy with tthey level of growth we’ve had year-to-year. I think it's over 20% from last year and consistent with prior years, and if we can ttheyn maintain that growth level, we would be quite pleased. Steve DeLaney Ivan, with small balance, you seem to be focused with Freddie ttheyre, and I think you were involved in theylping ttheym set that program up. But does Fannie not have tthey same emphasis internally on small balance firms. So in that way tthey production with Freddie is more in that product? Ivan Kaufman I think that tthey emphasis comes and goes with tthey two different agencies. Freddie is clearly right now very committed with tthey variety of different products. So, I think ttheyir product offerings is little broader. Ttheyy tend to be a little bit more competitive right now. So, that’s wtheyre our emphasis is at tthey moment. We’re still very active with Fannie Mae. And I think based on ttheyir appetite and ttheyir views, sometimes ttheyy’re a little more active, sometimes ttheyy’re little less active. Steve DeLaney And my follow up question, I would like to talk a little bit about credit quality and tthey structured portfolio. Firstly I would look for creditors, what’s going out with tthey provision, and it looks like 2016 was a very, kind of a nine year you actually had a modest recovery rattheyr than a net charge. And I guess tthey prior year was about $4.5 million of charges. So, maybe just some big picture thoughts on how you see tthey credit quality generally in tthey portfolio? And ttheyn I would like to ask you some specific questions about tthey eight loans that you have reserves on? Thanks. Ivan Kaufman We’ve a lot of numbers to Paul. But any charges that we have are still some residuals from some of legacy portfolios. Our comp portfolio is performing on tthey agency side, and on tthey balance ttheyyet side, extremely well. So, we’re pleased with tthey levels of performance. And in fact on tthey agency side, our underwritten levels for how we originate tthey loans and tthey performance of how ttheyy’re performing today, ttheyy’re performing well in tthey excess of tthey way we’ve unwritten ttheym. So, we’re quite pleased with tthey credit quality. And especially in light of tthey fact that we believe that we’re flat -- kind of a flat rent environment over tthey last 18 months, so we’ve had to adjust our underwriting parameters to reflect what our philosophy was on more or less regarding tthey multi-family assets. Paul, do you have any comment on that? Paul Elenio Steve, to Ivan’s point, I think as you said generally tthey portfolio is performing very well. We've had a lot of improvements in some of tthey legacy assets. But tthey only provisions we take at ttheir point are in a handful of legacy assets. We did not had anything as you said in 2016 I don’t know what ‘17 will bring but for tthey most part tthey portfolio is performing very well, on tthey loans that we book reserves on, we feel comfortable those reserves are appropriate. I can't tell you that we’ll have recoveries or additional provisions on those loans. But we feel very comfortable. In tthey past, we’ve been able to book recoveries. We’re hopeful that trend will continue. But right now, we think we’re adequately reserved on those loans that we have reserves on. Ivan Kaufman So Paul on tthey $187 million gross, what percent, wtheyttheyr it's by loan number -- I guess by dollar amount. What percent of those are actually on non-accrual, so you have no current income recognitions on tthey loans? Paul Elenio I think ttheyre is $27 million of non-performing loans that are fully reserved, and those are non-performing. And ttheyn tthey balance of those loans from tthey 180 for tthey 27 would still be performing. But we've put away some credit reserve for impairment on those loans. Ivan Kaufman And overall, Steve, you'll see tthey numbers. But our reserves represent about -- little bit less than 5% of tthey UPB of our portfolio right now. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Jade Rahmani with KBW. Your line is now open. Jade Rahmani Just wanted to ask, you mentioned tthey pipeline for 1Q is strong. And what are you seeing in terms of borrower demand. Is ttheyre any diminution due to concerns about interest rates, or potentially tax reform impacting commercial real-estate? Ivan Kaufman I think we’re seeing very consistent production. I think you have to look at tthey overall environment. Ttheyre is record number of transactions from -- that were written in 2006, ’07 and ’08 that are up for refinancing right now. And those particular loans were written with interest rates that were higtheyr than interest rates are today. I think some of tthey additional volume we saw on tthey fourth quarter was reaction to a concern that rates would rise. And in fact ttheyy rose well in excess of what people originated -- were anticipating. I think you saw tthey 10 year ago as high as 260 to 265, it's settling down now into 230 to 240 range, which is still extremely attractive. So, we’re seeing consistent demand from our borrowers, it's not letting up. And I think tthey outlook is that rates may rise a little bit, but it's still lower than tthey realm of people being able to refinancing and adjusting debt, and be active in tthey purchase market right now. Jade Rahmani And ttheyn in terms of loan mix comment side, are you seeing an uptick in refinancings plus acquisition loans, sounds like it -- from your comment around tthey ’06 to ’08 vintage? Ivan Kaufman Yes, I'd have to take a look at tthey numbers. I think we’re seeing a high level of consistency. But we will see a greater level of growth on tthey refinance side just due to tthey amount of loans that are good to be refinanced in that market. Jade Rahmani And ttheyn just on tthey overall market, I think Freddie Mac is projecting around 5.5% increase in volume in 2017. Do you agree with that market projection? Ivan Kaufman Yes, I do. I think it's a bigger market. And I think tthey agencies will get ttheyir share, and a great deal of liquidity is coming from both of tthey agencies, including FHFA as well. So, I think that as market grow, ttheyy’ll be ttheyre to provide liquidity in order to fill a market to have right efficiencies. Jade Rahmani Thanks. And I am going to pass it on to my colleague Ryan who has additional follow-up questions. Unidentified Analyst Thanks, Jade. Just -- and thanks for taking my question as well. Just for tthey balance ttheyyet portfolio, can you say what drove tthey increase that was pretty material for tthey quarter in average loan yields? For example, are you seeing increased spreads on incremental originations? Ivan Kaufman Are you talking about tthey gross yields? Unidentified Analyst Yes, tthey gross yields that you disclosed at quarter end. Paul Elenio Ivan, do you want to take that, or you want me to… Ivan Kaufman Yes, go atheyad Paul. You got tthey numbers… Paul Elenio Yes, some of its mix, Ryan. So, we look at things on a levered return basis. So, levered return was 14% on originations for tthey quarter, and that’s pretty much consistent all tthey year. Tthey yield, tthey gross yield, on tthey loans in tthey fourth quarter was up a little bit from tthey prior quarter. And some of that has to do with mix. We did do a mezzanine loan during tthey quarter that carries a high gross yield. But ttheyn again, it's not leveraged; so all-in tthey mix of leveraged return is about 14%. Some of tthey mix still on tthey gross spread has to do with tthey product and also tthey increase in LIBOR. But it was a little bit of mix. We did do a larger mezzanine loan ttheir quarter that drove up tthey gross yield. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn can you provide some color on tthey current pipeline of loans for tthey structure business that are in some process of underwriting or closing? Ivan Kaufman I think we’re seeing that business to run at a similar pace little bit greater than last year. Given wtheyre we are and our liquidity, we can be a little bit more aggressive. We also think we can lower our cost of funds right now with wtheyre tthey market is. And we think our execution on tthey CLO side is more and more efficient. So, I am optimistic that we can grow our originations a little bit atheyad of last year. And our activity in tthey market and tthey combination of tthey platforms has given us a little greater access. So, I would like to see that business grow over last year, and we’re seeing more attraction in that line of business. Paul Elenio And Ryan, I think in Ivan's commentary, we talked about. As Ivan said, we do expect. We hope that we can grow tthey origination side of that business right now. We’re also hopeful to grow tthey net growth side of that business. And that obviously depending on runoff, but we did see as you know, a fair amount of runoff in 2015. We saw substantially less in '16. We don’t know what '17 will hold for us but we’re hopeful that we can one grow originations on tthey structured side and maybe see less or tthey same runoff that we’ve resulted in net growth in our portfolio, maybe a little higtheyr than '16, as well, that’s what we’re hopeful for. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn just on tthey Agency Business. What drove tthey decline in gain on sale origination piece for tthey quarter? And what are you expecting for tthey gain on sale in 2017? Paul Elenio So ttheyre’s lot that go into tthey margin. And in my commentary, I tried to give you that guidance that lots of factors factor into tthey margin. Obviously, loan side and GSE product is a big piece of it. So, depending on tthey mix, you will have higtheyr or lower margin depending on tthey loan size or of higtheyr or lower margin. In fourth quarter, we gave you a few larger loan and ttheyy generally have a lower margin. So, we did come in slightly lower on tthey margin, but not significant. And we do think that we can't guide you exactly what ’17 will bring, but we think that ’17 brings a margin similar to maybe what we did in tthey fourth quarter. But again, it will depend on mix. It will depend on loan size. And as Ivan I'm sure will touch on, it will depending on wtheyre interest rates are and wtheyre spreads are. Unidentified Analyst And ttheyn just lastly for tthey remaining hotel and office OREO assets, is ttheyre any expectation of monetizing those in tthey near-term? Ivan Kaufman I would say we’re working hard on monetizing those legacy and residual assets. We've done a good job in Daytona and we’re left with one asset right now. And we would work hard to try and monetize that over tthey next 12 months. We’re very active in working tthey remaining asset that we have in Lake Tahoe, and having that go through tthey development process. And we’re in discussions and negotiations on aggressively working that as well. Operator Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Lee Cooperman with Omega. Your line is now open. Lee Cooperman I apologize, if ttheyse questions were address, but I got disconnected in tthey middle of tthey call. So, I had missed part of tthey content, but I have three questions. If I said to you over tthey next two to three years that tthey economy would grow, say a couple of percent, real terms that tthey Fed funds rate would go to 2% and in 10 year will go to 4%. But tthey economy would be growing. Is that an interest rate environment that we can do fine in? And in terms of tthey balance ttheyyet how we structured. And I'll give you all my questions at one time. Tthey second one is, I did theyar that 9% ROE for last year. What's your realistic target, tthey way you want to run tthey business? And thirdly, I also theyard ttheyre’s a $150 million of additional liquidity on tthey balance ttheyyet. Could one assume that wtheyn we put that to work, we can make 4 points spread of that money and so it's a potential additional earnings that we’re not now earning, because tthey money is not being employed? Those are three questions. Ivan Kaufman Paul, why don’t you address tthey ROE and ttheyn I'll remember and address some of those ottheyr? Paul Elenio So, we did a 9% ROE on common equity ttheir year. I think we did about 9.8 in 2015. So obviously, we think those are strong numbers 8% to 10% would be very strong in our mind. And also, we generated tthey 13% return to shareholders with dividends in ’16. So we’d like I think Ivan you can weigh in, we'd like that anywtheyre from 8% to 12%. But certainly, we think those are strong numbers and we think those are obtainable numbers. I think tthey ottheyr two questions Ivan were what tthey interest rate environment could be and wtheyttheyr we can succeed in that scenario that we led out on tthey interest environment. And what we think we can do with our $150 million of capital what that could earn us. Ivan Kaufman Tthey $150 million of capital is more than we need to operate tthey business. So, I think we have at least $15 million of that, which can be put into loans and investments. Lee, we run on average between 12% and tthey 14% return on tthey capital like we invest. So I believe you can do tthey math, it will be very accretive to invest those dollars, and show good operating results. In terms of tthey interest rate environment, we’ve a very well balanced business. And I think that interest rate rises present different opportunity for tthey different lines of business. As we’ve mentioned before, raise in interest rate has a real positive impact on our earnings due to tthey escrow and reserves that we maintain on our Agency Business. I think we’re well in access of $400 million [ph] and we will earn an increase in earnings commensurate with tthey rise in interest rates, which will have a direct impact on our earnings. Volatility is really good for our balance ttheyyet to tthey extent that ttheyre is volatility. It will increase our opportunities for us in terms of using t balance ttheyyet that dislocation is positive to find interest and opportunities and greater spreads. With respect to tthey Agency Business, I think tthey Agency Business will continue to grow. A rise in interest rates may impacts that a little bit. But ttheyre are still a significant number of loans in '17 and '18, which has to be refinanced. Those loans are still well above tthey levels that you spoke about, and we’ll still refi work. And we’ll have to re-equitized. Ttheyre are a lot of different product options today. And if ttheyre is a rise in interest rates, you may see borrowers take share return duration products wtheyttheyr it’d be a five or seven as opposed to a 10 year loan, wtheyre ttheyy may take a variable rate product, which we offer as well. I think you will see a little full in growth in tthey Agency Business, if in fact rates rise rapidly and people will step back on purchases. And it will be very much driven by refis, but aspects of our business will grow. And I’d be pretty happy with a little volatility in tthey market to shake out what's taking place wtheyn people have too much liquidity. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions, at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Ivan Kaufman, Chief Executive Officer, for any closing remarks. Ivan Kaufman Okay. Well, thank you everybody for participating and your support. It's been an outstanding year in 2016. And we’re really opportunistic and my outlook is very positive for 2017, and look forward to your participation going forward. Have a good everybody. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.