Absci Corporation. (NASDAQ:ABSI) Q3 2021 Results Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Sean McClain - Founder and Chief Executive Officer Matttheyw Weinstock - Chief Technology Officer Greg Schiffman - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Tycho Peterson - JPMorgan Dan Arias - Stifel Max Masucci - Cowen and Company Michael Ryskin - Bank of America Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey AbSci Corp. Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers presentation ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions]. Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your host today Alexander Conn [Ph], Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Company Representative Thank you. Earlier today Absci released financial results for tthey quarter ended September 30th 2021. If you have not received ttheir news release or if you'd like to be added to tthey company's distribution list, please send an email to investor.absi.com. Joining me today from Absci are Sean McClain, founder and CEO; Greg Schiffman, CFO; Matttheyw Weinstock, CTO; Kate Corcoran, VP communications; and Jim Patricelli our new VP investor relations. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you to manage or make statements during ttheir call that are forward-looking statements within tthey meetings of Federal Securities Laws. Ttheyse statements about material risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to materially different from those anticipated. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional information regarding ttheyse risks and uncertainties appears in tthey section entitled “Forward-looking” statements in tthey press release Absi issued today. For a more complete list tthey description, please see tthey risk factors section of tthey company's most recent filings and Forms 10-Q, S-1, and ottheyr reports on file with tthey Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, Absi disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any financial projections or forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr because of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise. Ttheir conference call contains time-sensitive information and is accurate only as of tthey live broadcast. November 9th 2021. With that I would like to turn tthey call over to Sean. Sean McClain Thanks, Alex. Good morning and thank you for joining our third quarter 2021 earnings call, our first as a public company. Our team of Unlimiters has built technology to enable better, faster, smarter biologic drug discovery and cell line development. And we are excited to share our latest financial’s and operational updates with you today. Indeed, our outlook has never been more encouraging. 2021 has continued to be a momentous transformative year for Absci, exemplified by tremendous growth and punctuated by strategic acquisitions and partnerships, important additions to tthey team in key roles and our debut as a public company. All on top of tthey scientific innovation we do each and every day. At Absci we are translating ideas into drugs, channeling R&D investment and drug discovery and bionic protein technologies, and developing our innovative drug discovery and bio manufacturing platform as we continue to drive toward our goal to predict tthey absolute best protein-based ttheyrapies for patients a truly unprecedented speeds. Ttheir is wtheyre tthey industry is theyaded and we're excited to share our progress with you all today. Through our integrated drug creation platform, we expect to get better drugs to patients at unprecedented speeds by merging AI and biology. One of tthey many exciting aspects of our technology is that we have tthey unique ability to generate billions of data points on protein functionality and manufacturer ability in a single experiment. And we are feeding ttheir data into AI deep-learning models to allow us to predict better drug candidates for patients with unparalleled speeds. At Absci, we have developed a differentiated business model that focuses on partnerships, wtheyrein we develop tthey drug candidate and associated cell line, out license that to our partners, and benefit from program fees, milestones, and royalties. Ttheir is tthey core of wtheyre tthey value of our platform lies, in tthey NPV [ph] per program or tthey lifetime value of each program that we work on. At tthey end of tthey quarter, we had nine active programs with seven partners that have downstream economic potential. Subsequent to quarter end, we signed an exciting deal with EQRx which I'll speak to in more detail later on. Along with our growing capabilities and enterprise, we recently built and moved into a state-of-tthey-art campus nearly 80,000 square feet of lab and office space, a truly inspiring place to work. Last week we hosted Washington Governor, Jay Inslee, for a formal ribbon-cutting ceremony, and it was humbling to reflect on tthey journey over tthey last 10 years, starting from a basement to tthey beautiful one of tthey kind facility. For Absci, tthey move to ttheir new facility strengttheyns our capabilities and bolsters our organizational transformation into an innovative and collaborative discovery space. Ttheir year alone, we have also announced two transformative acquisitions, kicking off tthey year with our addition of Denovium in January followed by Totient in June. With tthey integration of ttheyse two technologies and teams, we have significantly expanded our capabilities advancing on tthey front end of target identification from disease tissue through our acquisition of Totient while incorporating deep-learning AI across our entire platform to drive our in silico drug discovery and CLD through our acquisition of Denovium. Our collective skill set with Denovium and Totient enhancing tthey core outside platform represents tthey perfect synergy of ground breaking synttheytic biology and cutting edge deep-learning AI to create in silico predictive protein drug design and cell line development capabilities, with tthey potential to change tthey paradigm of biopharmaceutical, discovery, and development. Incorporating AI deep learning will allow us to explore all possible protein sequences in silico to identify drug candidates with optimal ttheyrapeutic properties and manufacture ability. Combining that design power with proprietary data from our integrated drug-creation platform, Absci can create a new gold standard for drug discovery and cell line development for next generation biologics, while at tthey same time allowing for creation of novel biology previously unattainable. As for Totient, ttheyir innovative work identifying disease relevant molecules has exciting ttheyrapeutic potential. We believe that tthey combination of tthey Totient technology, with Absci's platform and tthey inclusion of Denovium's AI, provides us tthey framework and tthey data to enable in silico target drug design, and ultimately achieve our goal of making tthey best medicines available to patients. Earlier ttheir year, we announced ttheir exciting biologics development collaboration with Xyphos, an Astellas Company, and a strategic investment by Merck Global Health Innovation Fund. New partnerships are a key component to our future success, while we execute on programs with our existing partners. Even with tthey continuing COVID environment and recent theyadquarters move, we relentlessly push forward executing against our plan. In Q1 of ttheir year, we signed and initiated two cell line development programs with a undisclosed new partner. Ttheyn last month, we announced a multi program partnership with EQRx to discover and develop next generation protein-based drugs. Ttheir partnership leverages Absci's drug creation technology for discovery and development activities along with EQRx clinical development expertise, and commercial capabilities to advance next generation protein-based ttheyrapies at more affordable cost to patients. Ttheir collaboration with EQRx expands tthey reach of our AI-powered target discovery, drug design, and development technology. Togettheyr, we look forward to discovering differentiated next generation biologics, driving efficiencies, and accelerating timelines so that our future medicines can have tthey biggest impact possible to patients in need. As we sit theyre today, things are moving forward on sctheydule with work plan for tthey first target already in progress, and we intend to initiate ttheir program around year-end. We also had success ttheir year in advancing two important partnerships. In Q2, we entered into a global technology development and license agreement with PhaseBio to advance an active program for creation of a customized cell line that is expected to enable high-yield commercial production of that clinical candidate. Ttheir exciting agreement represents our near-term opportunity for potential royalty revenue. In addition, we signed a global technology development and license agreement with Alpha Cancer Technologies, extending our existing technology development partnership and entitling Absci to contingent milestone payments and royalties on net sales of products comprising recombinant human Alpha fetoprotein manufactured using tthey producing cell line developed by Absci. Living up to our successful IPO in July, we had several key talents join our team and our momentum has continued into tthey fall. In July, we announced two executive hires joining our team; Nikhil Goel and Dr. Ryan Korman. Ttheyse appointments came at a time of significant growth for Absci, as we scale our technology, development programs, and partnerships and integrate tthey Denovium and Totient acquisitions. We have also success in growing our talented and innovative team today, comprising nearly 220 Unlimiters, up from 74 wtheyn tthey year began. We have been successfully recruiting top talent to tthey Vancouver area in part because of tthey promise of our platform and our vision to revolutionize tthey industry. Our vision is to get better drugs to patients more quickly than ever before, resonates with prospective candidates who are eager to contribute to ttheir important mission and legacy. Of course, all ttheyse ambitious activities, building, developing, hiring, and executing takes funding. We have successfully completed several financing ttheir year raising over 435 million including both a key crossover round in March and subsequent July IPO. And we have no intention of stopping ttheyre. It took 10 years for Absci to lay tthey foundation which will allow us to achieve our vision for tthey next 10 years. We now have access to capital, technology platform, and talented team in place to execute our vision. Late last year, we began building out our discovery pipeline, and shortly ttheyreafter, executed on two key acquisitions. And ttheyn a couple of short quarters, it translated into an exciting new discovery deal and boosted our pipeline of future opportunities. Ttheir is furttheyr demonstration, that with tthey right team, innovation can ramp quickly. Let me reiterate. We are very encouraged by our progress and excited by tthey feedback we're receiving in tthey marketplace. In terms of our adoption rate, our ability to monetize acquisitions and our focus on internal R&D efforts. We are hitting our stride as we host our first earnings call, and we look forward to many more to come. I'll now turn it over to Matttheyw to tell you more about some of our recent technical accomplishments. Matttheyw? Matttheyw Weinstock Thanks, Sean. And hi, everyone. I'm going to highlight four main areas of R&D investment in Absci and tthey accomplishments those investments have led to, along with how it's driving business opportunities. Those main areas include: one, our drug discovery capabilities; two, bionic proteins; three, tthey Denovium acquisition and AI investments; and four, tthey Totient acquisition and tthey scope of computational antibody and target discovery activities and assets. Regarding our drug discovery capabilities, in 2021, we succeeded in building out our discovery team on plan to augment tthey necessary skill sets from early discovery up to IND-enabling studies, tailoring our proprietary screening technologies to enable drug discovery activities, bringing online additional capabilities necessary to support drug discovery efforts, such as library design, high throughput biophysical characterization, and cell-based assays in generating sufficient proof of concept data to result in tthey closing of a substantial multiple program partnership with EQRx. Next, I'd like to highlight what we call Bionic Proteins. Natural proteins are composed of different combinations of 20 naturally occurring amino acids. Through our Bionic Protein technology, we are able to unlock new ctheymistries, not afforded to us by nature, through tthey incorporation of non-natural amino acids. Ttheyse specialized amino acids, not found in nature, provide a unique ctheymical handle to cite specifically modify ttheyse proteins with additional ctheymical functionalities. Applications of an opportunity for ttheir technology include attachment of ctheymottheyrapeutic molecules or payloads to antibodies to generate extremely targeted next generation cancer treatments that are more efficacious and have less side effects than current ctheymottheyrapies, and improving tthey circulating half life or PK/PD properties of existing drugs through site specific regulation. Ttheir year we developed our proprietary Bionic SoluPro system to enable consistent incorporation of non-natural amino acids. Demonstrated success incorporating non-natural amino acid residues into ttheyrapeutically relevant molecules at high titer that is greater than a gram per liter and with high quality. We are currently discussing deals with multiple partners ranging from small biotech to multi program partnerships with big pharma to utilize ttheir technology for development of next generation ttheyrapeutics. Next up is tthey Denovium acquisition and AI investments. AI capabilities were brought on in early 2021 through tthey acquisition of Denovium, an AI company focused on applying deep learning to genomics and protein discovery and design. Since tthey acquisition, we have built a robust informatics and AI platform that includes teams with world class expertise. Much of tthey focus ttheir year has been on establishing tthey necessary infrastructure to support our AI initiatives to enable us to effectively scale over tthey coming years. Ttheir includes building pipelines to properly organize and structure our data to enable automated ingestion by our algorithms, and setting up our own internal GPO cluster equipped with tthey latest in NVIDIA GPUs. We had some early wins in demonstrating tthey value of AI on cell line development programs, wtheyre an AI predicted novel chaperone protein doubled tthey titers and improved tthey molecular quality on one of our partnered programs resulting in a significant program milestone. On-going initiatives continue to develop tthey technology to design robust manufacturing cell lines, as well as applying tthey technology to drug discovery efforts. One example I am particularly excited about is tthey application of ttheyse technologies to enable in silico affinity maturation of antibodies and antibody fragments, which will allow us to predict drug candidates that will have optimal properties from a drug-develop ability perspective and to do so very quickly. We look forward to sharing more detail about ttheir in tthey coming months. I want to conclude by spending a few minutes discussing our computational antibody and target discovery activities. With tthey Totient acquisition, we acquired a robust antibody and drug discovery platform that is now allowing us to computationally reconstruct antibodies and ottheyr disease-specific proteins from both RNA sequencing data collected from disease tissue. Ttheir is important because it addresses a major challenge in tthey biologics discovery world. A limited number of validated, high-value, disease modifying targets for drug development. For example, just 10 targets, including tthey likes of PD-1, CD20, TNF, HER2, VEGF, IL6, EGFR, and CD19 account for roughly half of FDA new drug approvals. Building on Totient's ability to identify fully human disease modifying antibodies from patients with differentiated immune responses, we are building what we expect to be tthey world's largest database of human derived antibodies to novel and known tissue specific antigens to supercharge drug discovery efforts. To date, Totient has reconstructed more than 5,000 antibodies from over 65,000 patients. Ttheyse patients’ samples cover more than 46 cancer types, autoimmune disorders, and infectious diseases, including COVID-19. And as tthey orphaned a collection of promising antibodies by identifying and validating ttheyir target antigens. Tthey result is a compretheynsive integrated drug creation platform offering potential partners tthey opportunity to work with us to address novel disease targets and access new fully human monoclonal antibody sequences, eittheyr as ttheyrapeutics in ttheyir own rights or as starting points for tthey design of next generation biologics in ottheyr scalpels. Our proprietary computational approach allows us to infer antibody sequences from tissue RNA, and we use those sequences to identify target antigens. We expect ttheir to be quite a compelling value proposition and competitive differentiator for Absci in tthey marketplace. Unlike ottheyr approactheys in tthey target discovery space, our methods do not require tthey processing of fresh tumor tissues or isolation of single immune cells. Instead, we can work with RNA sequencing data generated from banked tissue samples, including older formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded archival specimens that have been collected by academic consortia, clinical trials, and commercial bio banks. Thus, we have tthey opportunity to direct our technology toward high volume and highly curated source tissues selected for desired disease and ttheyrapeutic response profiles, giving us more shots on goal compared to those looking at single-cell sequencing or fresh tumor samples. We reconstruct human antibodies from both RNA sequencing data from disease tissue allowing us to retrospectively pick patients with distinct immune responses and assemble tthey most prevalent monoclonal antibodies expressed in tthey tissues of interest and presumed to be contributing to tthey immune response. Anottheyr key differentiator of our platform is that we sampled disease affected tissues directly, rattheyr than looking at periptheyral blood, allowing us to look for active plasma cells rattheyr than memory B cells, which are often unrelated to tthey on-going pathology. Our novel approach improves tthey likelihood that tthey antibodies we discover will be ttheyrapeutically relevant. Predating tthey acquisition, Totient had synttheysized, expressed, and purified several hundred antibodies, and subjected a subset of those to furttheyr characterizations and de-orphaning [Ph] to identify tthey target antigens. Confirmed targets recognized by our in silico paired antibodies includes seven well-known cancer specific antigens, including NY-ESO-1, MAGEA3, GAGE-2A, and DLL3, as well as immuno modulatory molecules expressed in tthey tumor micro environment, including ASXL1, TGF beta 1, and C4 BTB, in addition to many novel potential drug target antigens. Tthey identification of well-known drug targets with ttheir methodology serves as a proof-of-concept for tthey potential of ttheir approach using computationally derived antibody sequences to determine relevant antigens for future drug discovery applications. As additional validation of tthey platform and evidence of tthey efficiency of our computational human antibody discovery technology, we were able to reconstruct more than 400 distinct fully human antibody sequences for furttheyr testing during tthey COVID-19 pandemic using RNA sequencing data from patients infected with tthey SARS-CoV-2 virus. We identified over 15 antibodies that bound to tthey SARS-CoV-2 spike protein with high affinity, a number of which show potential to neutralize infection. Ttheir is a potentially powerful approach to enable rapid response to emerging infectious diseases through efficient identification of antibodies that could be useful for diagnostic and/or ttheyrapeutic interventions. We expect to continue to evaluate patient tissue samples and extract new antibody sequences that we will subsequently de-orphan. We made source specimens of interest to a particular partner or worked directly with RNA sequencing data supplied by a partner. Since tthey acquisition of Totient, we have begun to express nearly 14,000 antibodies for de-orphaning activities, each of which could represent a viable candidate for ttheyrapeutic development. One particular class of antibodies that we are extremely interested in are those reconstructed from oncology patients that are responding to immune ctheyckpoint inhibitors. Ttheyse ttheyrapies, such as Merck's KEYTRUDA or BMS’ Opdivo are transforming how certain cancers are treated but suffer from tthey fact that only a minority of patients respond to tthey treatment. Mounting evidence has shown that patients who generate a robust intra-tumoral B cell response in combination with immune ctheyckpoint inhibitors treatment leads to an improved clinical outcome. Our technology allows us to reconstruct tthey antibodies from ttheyse responding populations and identify antibodies that could be combined with previously developed ctheyckpoint inhibitors to increase tthey response rate. To date, we've reconstructed over 110 antibodies from ttheyse patient populations and are looking forward to exploring ttheyir ability to improve response rates, eittheyr as an internal program or in collaboration with tthey right partner. While to date, we have tune our pipeline for reconstruction of antibody sequences. Tthey methodology is extensible to assembly of ottheyr proteins expressed differentially in disease tissues, particularly immune system components that conform to conserved architectures. We expect to reconstruct human T cell receptor sequences for example in New York taking a similar approach as we develop for antibodies. Beyond tthey direct utility of novel antigens that we identify as potential drug targets and if human antibodies that we discover as drug candidates, we believe that tthey expertise we accumulate as we build our collection of antibody antigen pairs has tthey potential for much more profound impact. Protein-protein interactions are highly complex and multi parametric. Deep learning neural networks are ideally suited to tackling tthey sort of complexity. Through tthey de-orphaning process, we expect to generate large datasets that describes sequence determinants of functional interactions between proteins. Training our Denovium engine models on ttheyse data may enable us to hone our predictions of relevant drug sequence variants to design for a given target, or even allow us to identify novel targets in silico from computationally assembled antibody sequences. Eventually, we're driving toward a future in which our AI models enable us to identify novel disease-specific targets and design optimize lead drugs and cell lines to manufacture ttheym all at a click of a button. We intend to generate tthey right data, train compretheynsive models, and realize ttheir industry transforming potential of in silico protein-based drug creation. Our goal is to get tthey best possible medicines to patients more quickly than ever before. In summary, each of ttheyse four areas of R&D investment that I've just described are drug discovery capabilities, bionic proteins, tthey Denovium acquisition and AI investments, and tthey Totient acquisition and scope of computational antibody and target discovery activities and assets. It's foundational to our existing achievements and integral to our future business opportunities. Looking atheyad, each of ttheyse investment areas, individually and in concert, represents future opportunities for Absi to capture, optimize and benefit from. We are particularly excited to update you all on our progress as we continue our successful integration of tthey innovative Totient assets into our expanding platform. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg to cover tthey key financials. Greg? Greg Schiffman Thanks, Matttheyw. Before we discuss tthey financial results for tthey quarter, I want to provide an overview of our financial model and key metrics. As Sean and Matttheyw have discussed, we are an enabling technology for our partners. We structure our programs to share in tthey success of our partners. Ttheir includes program fees, milestones, and royalties. Tthey greater value we are bringing to our partners, tthey higtheyr tthey payoff. As Sean has indicated, we have expanded our product offerings ttheir year beyond our traditional cell line development into drug discovery. Ttheir expands our product offering to more compretheynsive discovery deals facilitated by tthey company's strategic efforts ttheir year, which are expected to have far greater economic impact to Absci in tthey intermediate and long run. We target risk adjusted program value between $10 million and $20 million. Ttheir includes discounting all potential milestone and royalty payments after applying for probability for success of each development milestone, and tthey probability of tthey drug candidate eventually being approved. We are using industry benchmarks to arrive at tthey probability of achieving ttheyse milestone payments, as well as royalty revenues. Cell line development deals are on tthey lower end and discovery deal on tthey upper end of tthey range. [Indiscernible] for program work represents an insignificant portion of overall deal value. To date, all of our revenues have been based solely on program work. We expect that to change as candidates begin to move to tthey clinic business. Ttheir has us so excited about tthey future theyre at Absci. Tthey work we are performing today has tthey potential to generate revenues over tthey next 25 years. Milestone and royalty revenues virtually represent all profit. Thus, our focus is on active and on-going programs and growing that pool. Those include all programs wtheyre we are eittheyr working on tthey drug candidate, our partner is pursuing tthey drug candidate in a preclinical or clinical process wtheyre tthey candidate hasn't been approved by tthey FDA. As programs mature, we expect to provide insight into wtheyre ttheyy are in tthey development lifecycle. We guided to closing five new programs in 2021. Tthey value of ttheyse five programs is between $50 million to $100 million today, risk adjusted for both time and probability of success, even though we will only book revenue ttheir year approaching $5 million. You can see now why we focus attention today tthey program NPV versus current revenue. Revenue for tthey quarter was up approximately 68% to $1.5 million for tthey three months ended September 30th 2021, compared to $900,000 for tthey three months ended September 30th 2020. Ttheir is slightly below our internal forecast which was based on our programs predominantly being cell line development programs. We are currently projecting that three of tthey five yield ttheir year will be discovery deals, creating far greater value future economic potential. Encouragingly, our partners have expressed strong interest in our new and expanded capabilities. However, given tthey size and scope of tthey deal, ttheyy take longer to execute tthey traditional cell line programs. Ttheir has created revenue recognition timing differences relative to our original projections. However, ttheyse discovery programs will generate far more value or greater milestones and royalties. So while we are slightly lower in revenue than our original projections, we are generating greater long term and sustainable value. Research and development expenses were $10.7 million for tthey third quarter of 2021, as compared to $2.7 million for tthey corresponding prior year period. Ttheir increase is associated with tthey increased theyadcount which will continue through tthey fourth quarter. We have and expect to continue to make significant investments in platform capability expansion. We will provide more detailed guidance in early 2022. However, we currently expect nominal growth in employees targeted for specific skill sets next year, and we expect to have ample resources to execute a significant increase in tthey number of programs with resources being traded off from some of tthey current platform development efforts and data generation experiments for our AI models. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $9.7 million for tthey third quarter 2021, as compared to $1.3 million for tthey corresponding prior period. G&A expenses include $3.3 million of personnel costs, 600,000 of recruiting-related costs. Public company related insurance and auditing costs are approximately $1 million, and non-cash stock compensation related expenses were approximately $3 million ttheir quarter. Net loss was $23.6 million for tthey third quarter of 2021, as compared to $3.7 million for tthey corresponding prior year period, which includes a non-cash charge of $3.6 million related to tthey re-evaluation of convertible notes and preferred stock warrants. Cash and cash-equivalents were $279.3 million as of September 30th 2021. On July 22nd 2021 Absi completed its initial public offering raising approximately $210 million of net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated operating expenses. Cash usage for tthey quarter for operating activities was $21.7 million. Ttheir included prepaid expenses for public company insurance of approximately $6 million. In addition, tthey Company acquired approximately $5.6 million in property plant and equipment assets, comprised of additional lab equipment and new facility costs. With that, we would be happy to take your questions. Let me now turn it over to tthey operator. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator instructions]. And our first question comes from tthey line of Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Tycho Peterson Thanks. Appreciate all tthey color. I guess question on Totient, and curious about your kind of interest and willingness to do kind of accurate [ph] development, also how you're thinking about tthey diagnostic opportunity around that. And ttheyn on that kind of neutralized COVID spike protein, it seems like a windows kind of shutdown on monoclonal antibodies given what we saw out of Pfizer and Merck on antiviral data, but I'm curious how you think about that up to any particular as well? Sean McClain So I guess I'll take tthey second piece of that question first regarding tthey COVID-19 opportunity. I agree with you that that probably tthey opportunities closed for tthey current variance. I think that we may see that opportunity opened up as tthey pandemic evolves. That's definitely not a major focus for tthey platform. Tthey focus at tthey moment is on oncology and autoimmune disorders. But I do think that that's a key validation of tthey platform and just how quickly that tthey team can actually move to identify valid solutions for that. And so I think that's just something worth highlighting in terms of how that how tthey technology actually works, and also tthey potential to deploy it in tthey case of future pandemic situations. And Tycho, I'm sorry but I've already forgotten tthey first part of your question. Tycho Peterson How far how far downstream do you take it -- like what your willingness and risk to be kind of at risk development of your own targets and you kind of mentioned diagnostics in your comments as well? I'm curious just broadly how you feel about that opportunity for Totient. Sean McClain So tthey diagnostic piece is not one that that we've thought too deeply about at ttheir point. We've just noted that ttheyre's definitely an opportunity ttheyre for us should we ever want to move in that direction. And ttheyn in terms of tthey development of tthey assets that are coming out of that pipeline, that's something that we're definitely internally evaluating exactly how far we want to take those things. Obviously ttheyre's more value tthey furttheyr along we take ttheym kind of down tthey validation and toward IND, but ttheyre's also more investment involved in that. So it's kind of striking a balance ttheyre. We don't we don't see ourselves taking things through tthey clinic by ourselves at any time in tthey near future. But just how far you know how close to tthey clinic do we need to take things before we partners those assets office is something that we're exploring. Matttheyw Weinstock And Tycho, in regards to tthey target validation itself we can eittheyr take partners data that ttheyy have and work with ttheym on doing a targeted discovery program, or we can take patients samples from hospital collaborations that we have and validate those targets internally and we are planning on executing on both of those strategies. Tycho Peterson Okay. That's theylpful. Sean, are you able to say anything more about it EQRx? I know you mentioned tthey multiple ttheyrapeutic areas, oncology, immunology, and your plan your first target work in theyre, but can you just talk a little bit about your priorities under that partnership and ottheyr downstream economics on ttheir one. Sean McClain Yes ttheyre are downstream economics on ttheir deal. Currently, at ttheir time, we can't talk about tthey targets ttheymselves, but we can't say that it is a multi-target, multi-program deal that we're very excited about. Tycho Peterson Okay. And ttheyn last one for Greg. Just a question around visibility into project revenue streams. You come up a little bit like in ttheir quarter in tthey street. If I look at next year tthey street's got you down about 13.5 million. Anything you're willing to say on numbers for next year given how things are played out ttheyse last two quarters. Greg Schiffman So guidance -- it's preliminary for us to give guidance for next year. We have been impacted ttheir year we indicated early timing related wtheyre we have seen tthey interest from our partners moving from cell line development into discovery, and those deals took longer to close than our original estimates would have been for us cell line development deal. And that's caused some timing differences on revenue. I don't think we're ready to update next year guidance at ttheir point, but we're feeling very good about tthey program for bringing on board. We'll start executing those programs and tthey timing issues, tthey chance that we have will be behind us. Tycho Peterson Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Dan Arias with Stifel. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Dan Arias Good morning, guys. Thanks for tthey questions. Sean, I want to just ask a couple on a few of tthey partnerships. On tthey Astellas partnership that you've mentioned any insight into tthey discovery work that you guys are doing with ttheym and tthey prospects that ttheyy might have for advancing to preclinical with you guys. And ttheyn relatedly advancing tthey preclinical program to tthey clinical program? And ttheyn that's -- so that's one. And ttheyn tthey second one we should be on PhaseBio. Obviously, we don't know exactly what drug you're working on with ttheym but if we were to sort of take a stab and assume it was Bentracimab, would that -- I think that would make tthey timeline something like mid 2022 for a BLA filing. If that were to happen, would that make royalties in 2023 a decent assumption? Sean McClain Yes I'll start with tthey PhaseBio question first, Dan. So given that we can't disclose what asset we're working on, we can't opine on that at tthey current moment. PhaseBio is in a much better position to answer that question of that at ttheir point in time. And regarding Astellas, it is a molecule optimization discovery program and it's not de novo drug discovery. So ttheyy had given us a molecule to optimize for ttheym. And in regards to preclinical development and taken it into tthey clinic, again, we cannot opine that at tthey current moment, but I will say that tthey program is progressing well. Dan Arias Okay. If I could just sort of ask a follow up on PhaseBio. I think tthey idea by once you get past to BLA, ttheyy will go from using anottheyr provider to you guys in terms of in terms of producing tthey active compound. Do you have a sense for tthey timing that might transpire with respect to that, in ottheyr words that quickly after you see tthey BLA, success with BLA, is ttheyre an evaluation period down tthey road do you think needs to take place? I'm just sort of trying to understand tthey cadence of tthey events that would just sort of lead you to evidence of tthey progress that you guys are making with some of ttheyse really good partnerships. Sean McClain Yes. With progressing to tthey BLA and ttheyn you know implementing after post BLA, amendment again, PhaseBio would be tthey party to opine on that, and from a regulatory standpoint what needs to be done as well. Dan Arias Okay. I understand I'm asking questions that are hard to answer so thanks for indulging me on that. Just last one for maybe for Greg on tthey pipeline and tthey mix of tthey early and tthey late stage negotiations that you have ttheyre. I think tthey plan earlier ttheir year was for tthey pipeline to be skewed toward discovery projects. Is that still true and wtheyn you look at 2022 and to some of tthey comments that you made before, do you think that you see tthey mix shift toward discovery more in terms of signed deals next year? Greg Schiffman I would say yes. I mean, ttheir year three of tthey five deals that we -- indicated was our goal ttheir year will be a discovery deal. And tthey last three that we will look to find are all discovery deals. And if we continue to follow that trend I would say it would be theyavily biased to discovery deals next year, and I think that's our assumption based on tthey discussions and feedback we're getting from tthey partners we're having dialogues with. Sean McClain I would say tthey markets very excited about our discovery platform. And just to clarify tthey discovery programs do include tthey cell line developments so discovering tthey molecule as well as tthey cell line development. And as Greg noted, a majority of tthey pipeline that we currently have is discovery, and we're very excited about again how tthey marketplace has been receiving and our discovery platform. Dan Arias Okay. Thank you guys. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Max Masucci with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Max Masucci Hi, thanks for taking tthey questions. So tthey pace of hiring continues a fast clip. Ttheyy give 146 new hires ttheir year. Wtheyreas tthey recent hires ttheyn focus, is it more toward tthey four initiatives in R&D or more on tthey commercial side. Looks like SG&A came in a bit above our expectations in Q3. And ttheyn within tthey commercial organization, do you see more of tthey near-term low-hanging fruit coming in tthey form of expanding your presence within existing customer or finding new customers? Greg Schiffman Sure. Let me have a discussion around tthey cost and ttheyn let Matttheyw or Sean talk about tthey second one. Tthey majority of tthey theyadcount that we are bringing on board is associated with our lab and operations group. Tthey SG&A was above expectations for tthey quarter, but a large portion of that was associated with non-stock compensation, which ttheyre was a lot of uncertainty exactly what any of that would be wtheyn we were thinking about that prior to an IPO, and we had $3 million of tthey $9 million was associated just with that cost. Many you had about $2 million associated with recruiting and public company costs coming on board. And so tthey theyadcount itself and tthey expenses that we have really have been growing in tthey lab operations, its skills enabling us to be able to do to some of tthey discovery work and that's what we're bringing some additional talent on board. We do expect that to continue to grow in Q4 but moderate substantially next year. We will build out an infrastructure that could execute on far more deals than we are executing on today. And at ttheir point in time, I feel really good about what our ability to attract tthey talent that we brought on board, what it's enabling us to do and have positioned us to go forward. But we would expect to see a lot of tthey work that we're investing in today, which is building out some of tthey infrastructure capability moving over into operations. Sean McClain And I will say that in regards to tthey AI and data sciences team, we've expanded that team as well and really recruited world class AI talent, which is extremely difficult to find no matter wtheyre you're at. And I would say that we've done a very good job of attracting that talent. And tthey reason because of tthey data that we have that no one else has access to. Tthey billions of different data points on drug functionality and manufacturer ability, which again has led us to attract ttheir top AI talent along with top biologists and send bio experts in tthey world. Max Masucci Great. And ttheyn just on tthey commercial side. Just curious you know wtheyre tthey focus is no more square. Is it more in tthey same customer expansion or winning new customers? Sean McClain Yes. So are our existing partnerships are really key for us expanding into tthey future. So we see growth within our existing partners signing new multi program deals, but ttheyn also attracting new partners just like we saw with EQRx about our multi program, multi target sorts of partnerships moving forward. But both are important to us. But tthey trend that we're seeing is that tthey fact that we're signing ttheyse multi program deals with one partner. Max Masucci That makes sense. Ttheyn if understanding you, you can't go into deep into any specifics, but if you look at tthey nine total active programs, most being in earlier stages. If you think about tthey timelines and your technology or what to enable for partners compared to a conventional approach, does late 2023 or 2024 sound like a more reasonable time wtheyn we could start to see a more smoothing out of programs that are approaching or triggering pre commercial milestone payments, just anottheyr question well into visibility. Greg Schiffman Yes. I think you know first and that's wtheyn I want to highlight that we have no specific information from any partner that shares with us tthey exact details of ttheyir clinical programs and wtheyre ttheyy're at. And so really just based upon interactions that we have and what you traditionally see in a clinical program, but I think tthey timing for that is probably appropriate wtheyn we look at wtheyre we are in tthey early stage programs. And we tend to think it's 10-year time period from that start to wtheyre you typically see a ttheyrapeutic move through to eventual approval. And again, those are just typical timelines. We don't have any specific insights we will get that insight probably at tthey same time that you do wtheyn we start seeing tthey programs being publicly announced in terms of tthey clinical programs. And we know that we're being used in that program. Max Masucci Great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Ryskin with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Michael Ryskin Great. Thanks. Just a couple of quick ones for me. One on tthey five programs target for 2020. I just want to be clear. Would EQRx count as one of those or potentially multiple if you're talking about multiple targets -- just want to clarify-- programs versus deals, sort of how you talk to those KPIs. Greg Schiffman So EQRx is a multiple program and said it would be more than one. I think from that standpoint, that's probably how we would think of it. We're very confident we will be achieving tthey five ttheir year. I think Sean indicated that in their comments earlier in tthey call. And at ttheir point, we feel we're well positioned to hit that goal. Michael Ryskin Okay. Great. And ttheyn just anottheyr point sort of on future pipeline. Obviously not getting tthey specifics, but maybe you could talk about potential programs starts next year. How do you think about visibility? Could you just talk us through what tthey pipeline is ttheyre in terms of additional programs with ottheyr partners? How long those conversations take and so you get something signed three months, six months? Just walk us through tthey process and what happens is you build that backlog for next year and tthey year beyond. Greg Schiffman Let me just maybe give an intro and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Sean. One of ttheym, we've been building that backlog over tthey past four or five months. We brought it on and have expanded our business development group that's working with tthey partners bringing on tthey deal. We've seen now tthey EQRx deal closed. We've got ottheyrs that are getting -- we believe very close to signing. And you really have a pipeline that you've started to build up that will continue, and so from that standpoint wtheyre we had a little bit of a lag on signing a few deal, it really would that shift going from cell line development to discovery. But you've been building up a partner up a pipeline beyond just tthey couple that were in tthey deal that we announced to an EQRx that tthey ottheyrs that are about to be signed with is a pipeline going toward next year already been establittheyyd. And ttheyn I'll turn over to Sean. Sean McClain Yes. We've got a really strong pipeline right now especially on tthey discovery programs and with tthey IPO that continued to give us credibility, being able to close and press release EQRx. It just continues to build out our credibility and drive our pipeline within tthey marketplace. And so going into next year, it's an extremely robust pipeline that we're really excited about. But as you indicated, it does take time to build that and that's what we've been doing is really building that and leading us to have a really strong 2022. Michael Ryskin Great. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. [Operator instructions]. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions, and I'd like to turn tthey conference back over to Sean for any furttheyr remarks. Sean McClain Thank you. Out outside, we have experienced significant achievement ttheir year creating and integrating new technologies to drive our business opportunities. We have also had success in recruiting and building a world class team of unlimiters, raising tthey needed capital to allow us to execute on our stated objectives and building out and moving to a terrific new campus. And all of ttheir was accomplittheyyd while executing on our partnerships and signing our first major multi program discovery deal. And we are confident in our ability to in ttheir year having hit our goal for tthey number of new programs we set forth. Before closing, I want to acknowledge and thank our team at Absi for ttheyir limitless dedication and extraordinary work ttheir year. And I'm excited for what tthey future holds. We look forward to continuing to engage in dialogue with you all. And as a reminder we'll be presenting at tthey Credit Suisse Healthcare Conference later today and tthey Stifel Healthcare Conference next week. Thank you all for listening, and we look forward to speaking to you all again. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.