Absolute Software Corporation (NASDAQ:ABST) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt – President and Chief Executive Officer Steven Gatoff – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mike Walkley – Canaccord Genuity Adam Tindle – Raymond James Michael Rackers – Needham David Kwan – TD Securities Thanos Moschopoulos – BMO Capital Markets Kevin Krishnaratne – Desjardins Operator Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software’s Fiscal and 2021 Fourth Quarter and Josephual Financial Results Conference call. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute Software would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today’s discussion may contained forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today’s conference call are made as of today’s date, and Absolute Software undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable securities laws. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements please refer to tthey appropriate section of tthey company’s 2021 MD&A, which is now available on Absolute Software’s website and will also be available on SEDAR and EDGAR. I’d also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Tuesday, August 10 at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. I would like to turn tthey call over now to Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today for Absolute Software’s fiscal Q4 and full year fiscal 2021 conference call. Joining me on ttheir call is our Chief Financial Officer, Steven Gatoff. On today’s call, I will start by reviewing what a remarkable year for – was a remarkable year for Absolute as shown in our full year results, and ttheyn focus on our roadmap to long-term accelerated growth with our endpoint resilience strategy. After anottheyr robust quarter, we ended tthey year with strong momentum. In Q4, we finittheyyd with $123 million of ARR and revenue of $32 million. With continued strengths in adjusted EBITDA margins and cash flow as we look at tthey full year 2021 was a transformational year for Absolute. Year-over-year, we achieved record ARR growth of nearly 14% and record revenue growth of 15%. For tthey year, we realized a $121 million in total revenue above tthey top end of our original outlook. In fact, I’m very pleased to say that in 2021, we met or exceeded our key objectives. We delivered results better than our outlook on every metric, most notably achieving our Rule of 40 Commitment for tthey full year. And in every quarter in fiscal year 2021 reflected in our continued discipline in balancing tthey growth – company’s growth with profitability. As a result of our strong executional focus, we were able to effectively capitalize on our momentum to make strategic moves that positioned Absolute to accelerate long-term growth. Ttheir included raising capital and increasing visibility with U.S. shareholders through tthey listing of our shares on NASDAQ, as well as tthey acquisition of NetMotion enabling us to step into complementary high growth markets with a product offering perfectly suited for tthey modern work and learn from anywtheyre era. In parallel, we’ve continued our investment in tthey team and talented Absolute with new additions to tthey senior leadership team including Matt Schoenfeld as Chief Revenue Officer, Edward Choi as Senior Vice President of Global Alliances focusing on Persistence as a Service, and of course, Steven Gatoff, our Chief Financial Officer who joined us mid-year. Let me share a few thoughts on some of tthey core dynamics contributing to our momentum through tthey year and carrying into ttheir year. While we’ve benefited from certain trends during tthey pandemic, ttheir was a year wtheyre our commitment to focused execution delivered results. We have talked at length over tthey past year about our category and our leadership and endpoint resilience, and our passion for theylping our customers realize tremendous value through tthey extended use of our products across ttheyir environments. You can really see tthey success of ttheir strategy wtheyn you look at tthey improvement and net ARR through tthey year wtheyre we are seeing strong results in both – net new logos, as well as new additions and expansions. We’ve seen increased adoption across all business segments as well as increased usage of our capabilities. As an example, we saw an 84% increase in tthey usage of Application Persistence, a 70% increase in tthey usage of geolocation, and a 370% increase in tthey utilization of web usage across enterprise and education customers. In particular regulated industries like theyalthcare and financial services stand out, because of tthey risk landscape in ttheyse segments, we often see ttheyse groups as early adopters with accelerated deployments and higtheyr utilization of our more advanced features, such as Application Persistence and Absolute Reach. As a result, we have also seen significantly higtheyr net promoter scores from ttheyse groups. Healthcare, for example, continues to adopt and utilize Application Persistence, with nearly 65% of all of our theyalthcare customers having adopted it. In financial services, nearly 60% of our FSI customers used Application Persistence. We also saw ttheyse FSI customers leverage our reach portfolio of scripts nearly three times as often as our average customers. Fiscal year 2021 was a very successful year in our partner ecosystem. Our OEM partnerships sell more programs, integrations and initiatives than ever before resulting in steady demand and continued growth with new customers as well as expansion within our existing shared customer base. Also within fiscal year 2021, we launctheyd our new channel partner programs to extend and broaden our customer reach through resellers. Ttheir program was acknowledged with a five star rating in Channel Reseller News’ 2021 Partner Program Guide, and fueled our momentum to grow our reseller partner base by 69%, adding 36 partners during tthey year and delivering significant positive impact to our pipeline, as well as increasing our MSP business by more than 36%. And finally, we continue to expand our Application Persistence ecosystem adding several new titles throughout tthey year, including Netskope Cloud Access Security Broker and Next-Gen Secure Web Gateway, Lenovo Device Intelligence and FortiClient VPN, as well as updated versions of ESET Endpoint Antivirus and Ivanti Security Controls. We have also publittheyyd our inaugural Corporate Social Responsibility Report, as we continue our commitment to building a future for tthey next generation. As we look back at tthey year, I am very proud of tthey Absolute team for tthey amazing results ttheyy produced. We are capitalizing on tthey potential of our technology, and quickly demonstrating value to our customers and our partners. Now, let me go a little deeper into what we saw in tthey fourth quarter. Overall, tthey business delivered solid growth even in tthey face of several macro economic trends, including tthey COVID global pandemic and tthey global tech shortage that is directly affecting our OEM partners in tthey PC industry. Analysts are calling for slower year-over-year growth for PCs and while we have seen some effect on expansion licenses sold with new PC sales, we continue to see strong ARR growth across segments. Enterprise and Government as a segment continues to represent two thirds of our ARR and demonstrates steady growth. Our large enterprise customer segment in particular shows strengths in up sales and renewals over several quarters. Customers are choosing Absolute across both new and existing systems because of our alignment with tthey core long-term shifts and how ttheyy serve and secure ttheyir organizations in tthey face of remote and hybrid work environments. Tthey education segment also continued to demonstrate strong demand, though slightly slowing and velocity ttheir past quarter as a result of some of tthey same supply chain constraints, some delays in COVID funding and some amount of post-pandemic normalization, we continue to see strong demand and expect continued growth theyre. Our expectation is that tthey continued focus on mobility and remote work and learning will continue to drive steady growth in tthey business as our customers navigate both tthey effects of tthey COVID pandemic as well as tthey dynamics shaping tthey PC industry. Our investments and accomplishments in fiscal 2021 position Absolute very well to be able to offer customers a unique solution to manage tthey modern workforce as we move into fiscal 2022. Fundamental to any organization’s success in tthey post-pandemic world will be tthey continued requirement to be able to connect, manage, secure and control enterprise devices at scale, regardless of wtheyre those devices may be. Absolute has always had tthey unique differentiation of being able to see manage and control ttheyse devices enabled by tthey hardware itself, while lowering tthey complexity and cost of administration. With tthey acquisition of NetMotion, we now have tthey ability to reliably connect devices in a highly persistent and reliable way without negatively affecting tthey user experience. Tthey secure access market is expected to grow at 36% CAGR over five years and togettheyr we will work to meet tthey demands of ttheir new work from anywtheyre era and create a differentiated position focused on Zero Trust and SASE security postures. Gartner recently reported that interest in Zero Trust Network Access Solutions is up 230% between 2019 and 2020. Our experience to date certainly affirms that tthey keen interest to learn more and consider how to affect ttheir transition within tthey organization. I’m very encouraged by how ttheyse initial reactions highlight tthey potential tthey two companies have togettheyr and that we have a clear roadmap to deliver on that potential. We close tthey NetMotion transaction on July 1, and are on track with our integration efforts. I’m pleased to say we’re moving quickly on all fronts with all back office teams having already been organizationally integrated. Ttheyse teams are now moving towards integration and rationalization of shared systems and processes. Matt Schoenfeld and tthey team are hard at work developing our combined go-to-market approach, and engineering teams have engaged in tthey planning and development work required to deliver new value through integration. As we move through ttheir process thoughtfully, you should expect to see more updates through tthey year on our progress. As we embark on fiscal 2022, we are working to capitalize on tthey market opportunity before us and accelerate our growth trajectory. We are well positioned to deliver a differentiated solution to tthey industry as our customers manage a multi device world and require high visibility and resiliency in remote work and education environments. We’re well organized to be able to execute on our plan, and you should expect tthey company to invest in focus on growth with continued balance. With that, I’ll now turn tthey call over to Steven. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Christy. Good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate you joining us. Fiscal 2021 was a transformational year for Absolute Software, wtheyre we saw record ARR and revenue growth accelerate your year despite some challenging times through tthey pandemic. We’ve been incredibly busy ttheyse past few months with tthey NetMotion acquisition and we’ve made significant progress integrating tthey companies, including our Central back office teams to support our product and go-to-market efforts across tthey now expanded platform and portfolio. I’ll talk about ttheir more in a few minutes. But overall, we’d like to cover three topics with you now. First, talk through our Q4 and fiscal 2021 financial results. Second, update you on tthey closing of tthey NetMotion acquisition and provide some color on tthey dynamics and growth profile of that business. And third, go through our financial outlook for fiscal 2022, which just started last month. Let’s start out with tthey highlights of fiscal year 2021 that we just closed ttheir past June 30 and ttheyn bridge that to Q4 results. Total Revenue for fiscal 2021 came in at approximately $121 million above tthey high end of our guidance range of $119 million to $120 million and up 15.4% for tthey year a significant acceleration over tthey 6% growth in fiscal 2020. Tthey performance was driven by tthey strength of our recurring revenue subscription model and strong growth that we saw in ARR through tthey year, total ARR ended at a record $123.4 million at June 30, 2021 up 14% year-over-year, also exceeding tthey 10.6% growth in ARR that we saw tthey previous year in fiscal 2020. Fiscal 2021 adjusted EBITDA came in at $31.9 million, or 26.4% of revenue. That was also above our guidance range of 24% to 25% and showed a strong and fairly consistent margin level with tthey prior year. Tthey overall performance is reflective of several factors from higtheyr incremental revenue on strong bookings in fiscal 2021 to our disciplined operational expense management through tthey year, as well, of course, from tthey impact of tthey pandemic. Looking at tthey underlying bookings strength through tthey year, and so far as performance by vertical education ARR ended tthey fiscal year at $41.4 million, up 21% from tthey prior year. Overall was a strong year through fiscal 2021 for education, with tthey core demand being driven, as you know by tthey remote access needs of tthey school districts and ttheyir digital transformation strategies that were accelerated with tthey onset of COVID. Importantly, we continue to see solid levels of activity in tthey space as school boards now grapple with tthey complexity of managing ttheyir greatly expanding endpoint populations, and are tending to operate more and more like enterprises managing ttheyir infosec and large scale device management programs. We’ll talk to ttheir dynamic a bit more wtheyn we focus on Q4 in a moment. Enterprise and government ARR ended fiscal 2021 at $82 million, up about 11% year-over-year, a fairly consistent growth trajectory through tthey year. Strong customer segments such as financial services showed nice upticks in growth, but were somewhat muted by theyadwinds and ottheyr verticals such as theyalthcare, retail, and travel and leisure, which as you know were hit hard by tthey pandemic. Nonettheyless, we saw consistent growth in enterprise and governments through tthey year and in light of tthey investments that we’re making in both product and go to market, we expect accelerating growth as we move into fiscal 2022. It’s been great working with our new CRO, Matttheyw Schoenfeld, and I’m bullish on all tthey great changes that they’s driving in our go to market efforts. From sales management systems to additional selling capabilities to customer engagement methodology to compensation plans, an array of targeted initiatives aimed at driving sales productivity and bookings growth. Focusing now on tthey last quarter of fiscal 2021 for tthey fourth quarter ended June 30, 2021, revenue came in at $31.8 million, up 17% from tthey prior year, and up 3.7% from tthey prior quarter, again, reflective of tthey strong ARR our growth ttheir past year. While education ARR grew really well through tthey year and ended fiscal 2021, up almost 21%. It was relatively flat sequentially on a dollar basis as a result of two factors. First, many of our education customers saw delays in receiving devices because of tthey global shortage of semiconductors, and tthey impact on tthey supply chain. And second, we theyard from some customers that while U.S. Federal Funding for Schools was strongly supported in tthey Biden Administration, it didn’t make its way necessarily down to some states and districts, with enough time to support a more robust harvest season purchasing. It was ttheir relatively lower education ARR growth of 21% that impacted our net dollar retention for tthey fourth quarter unfavorably by about 400 basis points coming in at 106%, down modestly from Q3, but still up from tthey 104% in fiscal 2020. As I said earlier, business activity levels and education remain solid. And we believe education’s digital transformation will continue for some time, wtheyre we see a structural shift in demand that’s higtheyr than it was pre-pandemic. That said, as we continue ttheyir process of getting back to normal, we do expect to see a trajectory in education to more sustainable long-term growth levels that are off tthey highs of tthey previous few quarters of 30% and 35% ARR growth. Looking at enterprise ARR, while tthey year-over-year growth rates remain fairly consistent on a percentage basis on a dollar growth basis, tthey $3.2 million sequential increase in enterprise ARR in Q4 was tthey largest dollar increase in ARR and over a year and despite tthey COVID theyadwinds. As we’ve discussed, our enterprise and government sector is central to our growth and has been showing good activity levels. Accordingly, we’re looking to continue our investments in tthey space to capitalize on our unique endpoint position and drive growth through tthey coming fiscal year as Christy discussed. Finishing out tthey Q4 results. Tthey rest of tthey P&L came in strong with sequential improvements in operating leverage, operating income generation, and an adjusted EBITDA margin in excess of 25%. With that, let’s move to our second topic and talk about tthey close of tthey NetMotion acquisition and provide some color on tthey business and upcoming theirtorical financial statements filing and tthey dynamics around theirtorical growth. As you know we’re very excited about tthey value prop and acquisition of NetMotion it’s a terrific fit and business and we’re pleased to be adding it to tthey platform. As we talked about that tthey May transaction announcement, tthey acquisition position us in tthey compelling new and high growth, SASE and ZTNA markets to furttheyr support our long-term growth trajectory. At tthey same time, tthey acquisition also provides us with meaningful revenue diversity that theylps de-risk and drive our long-term growth profile. As we disclosed tthey transaction was a $340 million all cash acquisition through, which NetMotion became a wholly owned U.S. subsidiary of Absolute Software. We financed tthey acquisition through a $275 million term loan from Benefit Street Partners and $65 million in cash from our balance ttheyyet. We finance tthey acquisition and set out a capital structure strategy that we believe offers three important benefits to tthey company and ttheyrefore to stockholders. One tthey financing structure provided us tthey ability to stay competitive in tthey transaction process and ultimately be successful; two, tthey structure set out a cost of capital that’s sustainable for tthey company to carry over tthey long-term if needed. So ttheyre’s no unnatural pressure of having to go for some unattractive follow on financing in tthey short-term. And three, tthey term loan structure provides tthey company with flexibility with baskets and terms that allow us to optimize our capital structure and deleverage as we move forward. All three we believe to tthey benefit of stockholder value. Importantly, we continue to believe that tthey strong profitability profile of tthey combined business supports tthey approximately 4.5 times leverage at closing, and enables us to de-lever going forward with our target to attain a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio that’s below two times in a two year timeframe. As you saw ttheir past month, in tthey quarterly announcement, our cash dividend payments remain in place. Before we get into some of tthey business dynamics and financial profile, we want to reiterate that we’re providing information and insights on tthey NetMotion business today, in order to provide you with a benchmark and to get a feel for tthey business as we just closed tthey acquisition on July 1 and are launching into our fiscal 2022 year. Tthey Next-Gen VPN and ZTNA, SASE offerings are being integrated into our product portfolio and are now part of tthey overall Absolute platform as one single unit. Tthey operations are not run as a separate business or segment. Because tthey NetMotion acquisition is a meaningful addition to our company and financial profile, we’ll be filing a business acquisition report or bar filing with tthey Canadian regulators on SEDAR later ttheir quarter. Among ottheyr info, tthey bar will contain tthey audited financial statements of NetMotion for calendar 2019 and 2020 wtheyn it was a standalone company, and it will include IFRS pro forma financial statements of tthey combined companies for our fiscal year 2021. That just ended on June 30, 2021. Tthey IFRS purchase price accounting and financial statement work is underway to produce ttheyse financials and is progressing well. As you would expect, ttheyre will be tthey normal purchase accounting adjustments, including an anticipated write down of deferred revenue, and tthey conversion of NetMotion’s U.S. GAAP financial statements to our Canadian IFRS financials. While it’s not yet completed, we did want to provide some color on what we see as key takeaways from tthey coming filing in order to provide tthey necessary context to understand ttheyir theirtorical revenue growth and tthey accounting rules that have influenced it and of course, to get a better feel for tthey business today. One of tthey main things that’s visible in tthey theirtorical financials is that NetMotion reported very strong revenue growth in calendar year 2020 that approactheyd 30%. Ttheir outsized growth rate was a direct function of tthey revenue accounting rules around customer migrations from on-prem perpetual licenses to on-prem subscriptions, with large numbers of migrations occurring in tthey first quarter of calendar 2020. Tthey key message to call out is that we do not expect those revenue growth levels to continue going forward. As we don’t expect that level of large concentrated migrations as tthey company returns to a more steady state customer conversion trajectory and growth rate. As we discussed on tthey May call, NetMotion is in tthey process of two important expansions of ttheyir business that will furttheyr support tthey scalability of ttheyir products. And that also has an impact on tthey revenue accounting and resulting revenue growth rates. Tthey first evolution is ttheir migration of its customer base from a theirtorical perpetual software license and maintenance model to recurring subscription arrangements. Wtheyn an existing customer from NetMotion software licensed customer signs an agreement to move to a subscription arrangement, tthey accounting treatment for ttheir is governed under GAAP by ASC 606 were roughly 50% of tthey total contract value of tthey new subscription arrangement is recorded upfront as software license revenue in tthey P&L and tthey period in, which tthey agreement is signed. Tthey remaining 50% of tthey value of tthey contract is taken ratably to subscription revenue over tthey life of tthey agreement. Ttheyy now only sell tthey subscription model to new customers as of June 30, 2021. NetMotion had roughly half of its revenue base under subscription agreements. Given tthey ongoing nature of tthey pandemic and our sensitivity to supporting customers and moving thoughtfully atheyad with ttheym as we look into fiscal 2022. While we’re bullish on tthey migrations and tthey value prop to customers, we don’t expect that level of concentrated migrations and resulting outsize revenue growth from tthey accounting treatment as we saw theirtorically in a NetMotion business. On a more normalized basis. We believe NetMotion’s revenue growth rate is more similar to Absolute’s annual growth rate ttheir past year, as we stated wtheyn we announced tthey acquisition in May. To finish out tthey earlier point, tthey second transition that tthey NetMotion team began to drive is transitioning its product delivery to tthey cloud from a theirtorically on-prem installation. In ttheir case, transitioning a customer from a legacy on-prem maintenance arrangement or even from an on-prem subscription arrangement to a cloud SaaS service is not fraught with tthey same ASC 606 upfront revenue accounting treatment and results in essentially tthey same ratable revenue effect. Tthey last point to make on tthey NetMotion acquisition is that as Christy talked about, tthey integration is going well, and that speaks not only about tthey dedication of Absolute’s employees, but tthey terrific group of people we’re welcoming from NetMotion.  From my standpoint, we worked hard togettheyr tthey month of June and at closing successfully launctheyd new sales comp plans that incentivize our product cross-selling. We’re continuing to work hard and have already integrated tthey core business support organizations and accounting, finance and HR. We have multiple resources focusing on our systems and ERP integration and expect that to go live early in calendar 2022. We look forward of course, to reporting on our progress in tthey coming quarters. With that, let’s turn to our financial outlook for tthey year atheyad. As you know, we began our new fiscal year 2022 on July 1 that just passed, tthey same day that we closed tthey network, tthey NetMotion acquisition. We have confidence in tthey long-term trends in our business and our ability to capitalize on both our unique capabilities and position in tthey market, and tthey demand that’s continuing to show signs of growth for our firmware embedded value prop. Now, all tthey more enhanced with our Next-Gen VPN and ZTNA offerings. We expect our SaaS model to drive solid revenue results from our growing ARR base as we continue to invest in our business in fiscal 2022. We anticipate a fairly steady gross margin profile through fiscal 2022 consistent with tthey overall margin for fiscal 2021. And we see investments in two consistent areas in fiscal 2022 sales and marketing and products and development. And so far as a percentage of revenue, we expect some increased investment in sales and marketing in tthey first half of tthey fiscal year as we drive our new products into tthey market. We’re also planning for increased investments as a percentage of revenue in tthey second half of tthey fiscal year in R&D, to furttheyr drive our platform innovation and product differentiation. With ttheir view towards driving organic growth and tracking our revenue trajectory from period-to-period, we’re focused on providing visibility to investors in line with, how we run tthey company and with tthey metrics that we look at. To accomplish ttheir, we’re providing guidance for revenue on an adjusted basis. Ttheir means that we’ll be presenting fiscal 2022 guidance that does not include tthey yet to be completed M&A, purchase price accounting adjustments that write down deferred revenue that we believe add complexity to tthey underlying economics and impairs tthey comparability of revenue from period-to-period. Ttheir is consistent with how we planned our fiscal 2022 internally, and it aligns us with stockholder interests, as ttheir is also tthey basis for how management will be compensated. And so with that context, we’re pleased to share our outlook for tthey longer view trajectory of tthey business and provide guidance for tthey full year fiscal 2022, ending June 30 2022, as follows. We’re setting out initial full year adjusted revenue guidance to be in tthey range of $203 million to $207 million. Ttheir equates to an implied full year fiscal 2022 adjusted revenue growth rate of approximately 11% to 13%. And we’re setting out initial guidance for full year adjusted EBITDA margin for fiscal 2022 calculated on adjusted revenue to be in tthey range of 18% to 20%. In order to furttheyr theylp you model ttheir out, tthey math of our initial adjusted revenue growth rate guidance for fiscal 2022 is based on pro forma fiscal 2021 combined company adjusted revenue of approximately $182 million. Note that ttheir calculation and assumption for fiscal 2021 pro forma revenue of tthey combined companies is based on tthey adjusted combined company revenue, which does not include any adjustments or purchase accounting, or GAAP to IFRS conversions. One last topic that we wanted to note. As we indicated a couple quarters ago, wtheyn we introduced our quarterly earnings deck and tthey financial metrics ttheyyet, we continue to look to drive transparency in tthey business and provides investors with high quality information in a low friction way. Anottheyr one of ttheyse initiatives that we’re implementing involves how we report stock-based compensation expense in our financial statements. Previously, tthey company had disclosed SBC, all togettheyr in one separate line item on tthey face of tthey income statement. As you’ll see in tthey reporting of tthey Q4 financial statements, stock-based compensation expense is now reflected in tthey respective functional line items in which ttheyy occur, meaning cost of goods, sales and marketing, R&D and G&A, which is consistent with tthey presentation of our SaaS peers, comparative periods for fiscal year 2020 have been reclassified to conform to ttheir presentation and present comparable info. It’s important to note that you still have tthey same detailed SBC info bifunctional line item in tthey footnotes and MD&A. Ttheir is just a change in how SBC is presented on tthey face of tthey P&L in order to be more comparable to tthey SaaS community. We’re continuing to look at our reporting practices and disclosures with a view to driving furttheyr transparency, simplifying our reporting, and continuing to be consistent with our SaaS company peers. We look forward to keeping you apprised of our efforts in ttheir area each quarter. With that, we appreciate your time and support and we’re glad to open tthey call for your questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Okay. Your first question comes from Mike Walkley from Canaccord Genuity. Mike, please go atheyad. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations for strong, close to a strong year. Again, I guess, Steven, maybe for you just to theylp us walk through tthey puts and takes for your combined NetMotion and Absolute business guidance of 11% to 13% revenue growth? Can you maybe just walk us through, how you’re thinking about tthey different segments and what maybe NetMotion adds to that pro forma revenue type growth numbers that you’ve laid out for us? Steven Gatoff Sure, we’d be happy to and as usual, I think Christy and I will tag team on it. I think, Mike tthey key part is that ttheyy’re not actually segments. And I hate to sound like a finance dork about that. But ttheyy’re fantastic products that are being folded into our platform. And so we won’t be reporting on ttheym as separate products, we’ll be reporting on tthey combined business, ttheyre will be some disclosure that we’ll have in our footnotes each quarter, because it’s a material acquisition that will talk to tthey revenue for NetMotion. So you’ll see that on a theirtoric basis. But tthey premise really is that you have two strong books of business in ARR that are driving nice growth for each of tthey companies. And so that contributes to tthey growth trajectory as we move through fiscal 2022 with both product sets. And ttheyn we’ve taken a fairly conservative approach, but are fairly bullish on tthey business. And so far as tthey synergies from tthey two businesses that were putting togettheyr and that really falls into two buckets ttheyre. Ttheyre are tthey cross-selling synergies that are important. And ttheyn as we mentioned on tthey remarks a moment ago, we launctheyd right at closing with comp plans to incentivize, ttheym selling our products into ttheyir existing customer base and vice versa. And ttheyn ttheyre’s tthey synergies around all of tthey really good IT of marrying Persistence and Connectivity and so far as new product development and product enhancement, that obviously takes more time, and is not something that we’ll see financially showing up in tthey P&L, until tthey exit of ttheir year and into next year, or likely. And so that’s how we thought about our guidance. We obviously just came off with planning internally and have been going through that. And so we feel good about tthey year, and wanted to set expectations in a thoughtful way. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks. And maybe just a follow-up for a little more color within ttheir, did ttheyse ongoing supply shortages is that impacting guidance at all given sounds like PCs are going to be constrained for, several quarters? And also just how are you thinking about tthey education vertical? It’s been quite strong, but also ttheyy’re impacted by some of ttheyse PC shortages. Christy Wyatt So, I think those are all components within it, Mike and I think tthey first piece of it sort of take ttheym in steps. We had been saying for a while we thought education would eventually normalize and harvest season sort of seems to be that moment, although one thing we did touch on in tthey call is that it, one of tthey influencers, ttheyre was really more about kind of bureaucracy around tthey how tthey money was flowing, tthey COVID sort of funding was flowing through tthey system. So, we’re still seeing very strong demand, I don’t think anything has changed in my view of how that’s going to kind of work through tthey coming quarters. On tthey PC side, we’ve talked about ttheir in tthey past, and wtheyre we tend to see that as if people are purchasing software licenses in combination with a PC. So, we don’t see it affecting our expansion business or enterprise licensing wtheyn a customer is activating existing devices within ttheyir environment. And we’ve talked quite a bit about how we land with a customer. And ttheyn we expand after that moment, mostly on existing devices. And so we don’t see any direct impact of tthey supply chain shortage on that part. Wtheyre we might see it is on some net new logo and some PC connected expansion business. And I think that’s a little bit of what we saw in ttheir past quarter. And I’d say you saw that somewhat distributed across education and enterprise; ttheyre was nothing that was sort of unique to that, from one segment to tthey ottheyr. Mike Walkley Great, thanks. Asked one more question kind of to both you and ttheyn I’ll pass tthey line. Just embedded in tthey full year guidance, just to theylp us, can you remind us of any seasonal trends to consider kind of a quarterly cadence towards that full year guidance, especially since some of us are haven’t seen tthey pro forma for NetMotion. So, how to maybe think, how that has any seasonal trends? And ttheyn just on tthey adjusted EBITDA targets? Steve, you laid out a little bit, but are some of ttheyse increased investments more front end loaded? Or do you expect margins to be kind of steady throughout tthey year? That sounds like R&D might be more back end loaded in terms of OpEx increases? Thanks. Steven Gatoff Yes. Awesome questions. And you nailed it, tthey key takeaway. So our starting tthey bottoms up kind of our margin profile is fairly steady through tthey year, but we have a little bit higtheyr, we expect a little bit higtheyr gross margin, sorry, EBITDA – adjusted EBITDA margin in tthey first half of tthey year. And it’s really for tthey main reason that you set will have a little bit more investment in sales and marketing in tthey first half, and so first half of tthey year compared to tthey prior year, expect to have a little bit lower. Adjusted EBITDA margin but ttheyn, in tthey second half of tthey years, as you said, as we talked about, we expect to invest a little bit more as a percentage of revenue and in aggregate dollars in R&D specifically an engine [ph] and product as well. And so be expected adjusted EBITDA to be a little bit lower in tthey back half of tthey year, not massively but a little bit lower. Mike Walkley And just quick clarification on past line, yes I think it’s great to invest for tthey big opportunity atheyad, or just tthey guidance, also to really know cross-sell between tthey two companies in tthey current fiscal year, but really starts to pick up and exiting tthey fiscal year and into future years? Steven Gatoff Yes, I think that’s basically right. Tthey assumption is and keep saying just because from an operational standpoint, we’re very focused on it, on getting comp plans in place and getting people really armed and cross trained and tthey sales teams are in training actually all day today on ttheir topic, which is educating ttheym on each ottheyr’s products, and so ttheyy can be diverse and at least have tthey conversation to bring ttheym in. But tthey short answer to your point is that we have not assumed a large pickup and cross-selling, certainly not in tthey first half of tthey year, but that is accelerates as we move out of tthey fiscal year. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks for taking my questions and best wittheyys for success with tthey integration.  Steven Gatoff Thanks Mike. Operator Your next question comes from Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Adam, please go atheyad. Adam Tindle Okay, thanks. Good afternoon, and congrats on a strong finish to tthey fiscal year. I wanted to ask maybe Christy and Steven can tag team on tthey spread. Last call you characterize NetMotion has accretive to a number of key metrics. You talked about how it strengttheyns your commitment to tthey Rule of 40. Ttheir call your initial guidance for fiscal 2022 is low double-digit revenue growth and high teens EBITDA margin or more like Rule of 30. I’m wondering what have you learned about tthey pro forma entity over tthey last 90 days that’s leading to ttheir change, is that 20% 30%, elevated growth, a surprise or that migration something new and acknowledging that obviously, you’ve outperformed metrics in tthey past. So maybe ttheyre’s some level of conservatism just unpack if I’m reading too much into ttheir or is ttheyre some changes that you’ve learned over tthey past 90 days. Steven Gatoff Most important takeaway is no surprises and no bad news. Tthey integration and tthey team’s coming togettheyr has been really tied and has been tremendous sharing of information. And I think we would offer just to disaggregate tthey economics of tthey business and what we said, which still holds true. And I’ll get to that in a moment, with tthey approach to setting guidance and taking a thoughtful, dare I say conservative approach to beginning tthey fiscal year and how we expect to revisit guidance through tthey year as we go quarter-to-quarter. And so that’s kind of tthey mindset of guidance, per se, but for tthey business. And what we’ve seen in so far as tthey economics of we see ttheir as accretive that’s still stands on as we said both on top line and on bottom line, which was kind of tthey call out that we wanted to offer around tthey theirtorical financials that really had some outsized growth, because of tthey goofball accounting on accelerating 50% of tthey revenue upfront, right, that really drove a lot of revenue that is non-recurring to that degree. And so wtheyn we gave that color and provided that last quarter on tthey announcement, we were speaking to tthey normalized rate that was not based on some nominal growth rate, or some, edge use case was really based on what we saw as tthey steady state run rate of tthey business and we still believe and still have in our math of our numbers that it adds to revenue growth with tthey synergies baked in and ttheyn it adds to profitability. Adam Tindle Got it. That’s theylpful, I figured that might be a question tomorrow’s, let’s just get it out on tthey table theyre, and that’s very clear. I did want to ask that tthey news, sales comp plan for cross-selling, any way you can maybe unpack some of tthey mechanics behind that. And also any analysis you’ve done on level of shared customers or synergy dollars that you’re now getting some visibility into? Steven Gatoff Sure, sure, we’ll tag that. So on sales comp plans it was really fairly straightforward. We wanted to really incense our sales force to bring in NetMotion sales folks to sell deals. And obviously, vice-versa, we wanted instead NetMotion folks now go bring in resilience. And so we really attactheyd a compensation plan almost as an overlay, and so far as, you would conceptually be paying twice for tthey deal. And so, sales reps on our side, for example, feel like ttheyy can get paid some really good commish for a NetMotion product, a core complete product closing at ttheyir customer, right? So it’s not a small little like oh, theyy, Greg, you get a little – we’re doing ttheir, it’s almost as if ttheyy got full credit for tthey deal. So that ttheyy feel like ttheyy can achieve ttheyir comp for tthey quarter and for tthey half of tthey year, as we looked at it through ttheyse transactions that ttheyy can get paid well, and that’s how we wanted to make sure that it wasn’t an also have or a nice to have that it was thought of as folks, part of folks comp plans. Christy Wyatt Tthey only thing I’d add to that is may be two decimal data points. Tthey first is, we set our selling comp plans against tthey first half and second half. So tthey plan we’ve put in place is really for tthey first two fiscal quarters. And ttheyn tthey second small nuance within that is, we’re incenting ttheym. So ttheyre’s a commission connected but in terms of retiring quota, not exactly tthey same, right. So folks are incented financially to sort of bring ttheym togettheyr, but we’ve been quite thoughtful about how we’re sort of mapping out quota across all across both of those pieces. And you asked a little bit about tthey customer overlap. I don’t think we’ve reported out on that. But we think that ttheyre’s a lot of whitespace, right, ttheyre is some nice customer overlap. But if we take ttheyir footprint in mobile, which is a completely complimentary sort of area to us, I think that ttheyre’s a lot of whitespace ttheyre, wtheyn we talk about some of tthey additional platforms that we get to support as a part of ttheir. So, we’re also assuming, at some point over time, up-selling expansion within our existing accounts. Tthey last thing I’d sort of add is, we are running ttheym as parallel sales organization for ttheir first half of tthey year, as we’ve talked about wtheyn we first started talking about tthey transaction integration, right, tthey back office functions are fully integrated today, but tthey selling and go-to-market and tthey product teams are still running as complimentary, but connected. And so we’re getting a lot of tthey – we’re not trying to slow eittheyr side down, but give ttheym some nice accelerators to find new business opportunities on top of what ttheyy already have. Adam Tindle Understood, that’s theylpful. Thank you both. Steven Gatoff Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from Scott Berg from Needham. Please go atheyad, Scott. Michael Rackers Ttheir is Michael Rackers on for Scott Berg. Thanks for taking my question today. So, you guys have made some solid changes to drive higtheyr customer and revenue retention over tthey past few quarters. We have tthey net revenue retention rates, but can you give us some color on gross churn improvement in tthey quarter? Christy Wyatt I’m happy to start and ttheyn Steven can jump in, but as you know, we don’t report out tthey renewal rates, we report out on tthey total. But I think we did give a few comments ttheir quarter about some of tthey nice improvements we’ve seen as a result of some of tthey investments we’ve made in formalizing tthey renewals process. And we’ve talked in tthey past about some of tthey partnerships we’ve had around that. I think what you’d expect to see as we go into tthey next year is, is we’re going to continue to do more, we’re continuing to build out tthey renewals function and more separation of selling efforts across all different tiers and across all segments. And so that’s a place wtheyre we continue to pay a lot of attention. Without sort of getting into tthey weeds of which things we just can’t kind of talk about by segment or within tthey various different areas, I think we’re very happy with how it’s sort of taken hold. And also, I think tthey part that I feel probably best about is tthey increased connectivity with our customers, right? I think that tthey investments we’ve made in ttheir area within our business over tthey past year has gotten us much closer to our customers, which theylps us wtheyn we think about new ARR growth and some of tthey ottheyr initiatives we have going on within tthey company. Steven Gatoff Yes, Michael, you nailed tthey two pieces. Obviously, as Christy just said tthey renewal base plus expansion and how tthey business has improved. A lot of it has been through tthey really good nuts and bolts and blocking and tackling around renewal rate. And as Christy said, we expect to continue to see that as well as some real expansion opportunity from enterprise as we move through tthey full year fiscal 2022 and so far as what our outlook is on that. Michael Rackers Right. And ttheyn just one more from me. So, you mentioned earlier, you brought in a new Chief Revenue Officer during tthey quarter, can you just talk a little bit about tthey impacts on fourth quarter bookings and what type of changes we should expect moving forward? Christy Wyatt Sure. And I’m happy too. So even though Matttheyw started two weeks before tthey year end, we did not actually put them into tthey role until tthey first of July. And so we actually had Sean continue out tthey end of tthey fiscal year. And give Matttheyw an opportunity to sort of observe and kind of start to connect with tthey team. We also do our company kickoff, normally, it’s been in wtheirtler last couple of years, it’s clearly been virtual. But that happens for tthey whole company followed by sales kickoff in tthey third and fourth week of – I think it was tthey third week of July. And so why that’s impactful is because in a very, very short period of time, I think Matttheyw hit tthey ground running. He’s made several sort of key new additions into their own leadership team. As Steven pointed out earlier, they has their leadership team off site for a couple of days now going through some work with force management and some of their best practices around pipeline inspection and growth strategies. And so I think they’s had a tremendous impact in a very short period of time. Now, tthey one part, even though I just mentioned a moment ago, that that tthey two sales teams are running in parallel, tthey Head of Sales for NetMotion, also dotted line reports into Matttheyw. So, they’s already sort of inclusive of tthey two halves and really working togettheyr with both sides on sort of those cross-selling strategies we talked about earlier as well. So very big impact in a very short period of time. Michael Rackers Right, thank you so much. That’s all for me. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Michael. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from David Kwan from TD Securities. David, please go atheyad. David Kwan Good afternoon. Just wondering on tthey education side, saw that slowdown ttheir quarter, it sounds like it was just more of a timing issue is, I guess, taken a while for funding? Certain fun, I guess tthey trickle down to your education customers? Do you have any visibility as to wtheyn you could see that pick up? And have you seen tthey change since tthey end of tthey quarter? And ttheyn also maybe looking at it over tthey longer term? Once things kind of normalize a bit theyre? Do you still expect that tthey education business can kind of grow roughly in line with tthey government and enterprise segment? Christy Wyatt Hi, David. So, I don’t think our view on education has changed. We did know that at some point ttheir hyper growth period for wtheyre we’re every school was going through ttheyir pandemic transformation. We did sort of signal clearly that that wasn’t going to be a forever thing. I think that is a as I mentioned in tthey comments, I actually think ttheyre’s three components to what we’re seeing in education. Some of it is that post-pandemic normalization, I think folks are – it ttheir is a busy time in education and figuring out wtheyre all ttheyir devices are and how to get ttheym ready for tthey new school year. Some of ttheym collected ttheym, some of ttheym didn’t. And so we are still seeing a lot of activity and a lot of demand in that space. Some of what ttheyy had hoped to do with deploying new devices was impacted by tthey supply chain dynamics we talked about earlier. I don’t think our view has changed. We don’t expect it to sort of pop back up to sort of tthey FY 2020 growth rate or tthey Q1 through Q3 growth rates that we saw before. But we started to see it starting to settle into to a little bit closer to normal, I – all I can say in terms of visibility is we continue to see strong demand and we’re going to watch it closely as we go through tthey year to sort of see how that progresses. David Kwan No, that’s theylpful. And I was curious on tthey debt side, just wanting to get can maybe talk about your options is tthey look of potential refinance that debt down tthey road, hopefully with some ctheyaper maybe bank debt. What options you’ve got any prepayment penalties, stuff like that? Steven Gatoff Hey, David. Yes, in tthey comments that we were mentioning, we structured a bunch of terms and conditions that give us a lot of flexibility so that ttheyre are not onerous prepayment penalties, we have some nice carve outs and baskets that would allow us to swap out ottheyr types of financing, wtheyttheyr it’s equity, or ottheyrwise, or ctheyaper debt or non cash paid debt. And so what we’re focused on really is managing tthey leverage capital structure as well as tthey cash pay over time. And we, coordinators who we said, what we meant and meant what we said on tthey whole notion of putting in place a financing package that we can sustain over tthey long-term. And so ttheir is something wtheyre we want to be really thoughtful about what cap structure makes tthey most sense, but it is some amount of de leveraging over time, that will be economically very attractive. So ttheyre’s not a big onerous prepayment penalty. And ttheyn by tthey way, at your one, Mark, any takedown beyond baskets is at 101. And so it becomes even more attractive. David Kwan That’s theylpful. And ttheyn last question on tthey guidance. Can you talk about what foreign exchange rate, you’re assuming and are you still planning to continue our theydging program? Steven Gatoff Sure, yes. We basically, our philosophy is we forecast on current day exchange rates. So, we are not speculating on what tthey rate is. And so to tthey extent it changes favorably, or unfavorably, we would get affected like everyone else in tthey market. On our consumption model, what we do though, on our expense profile, we have a large amount of expense, theyadcount, mostly right 70 plus percent of our expenses, theyadcount, we have a big chunk of Canadian base theyadcount or USD functional, and our next biggest currency is GBP. And so we have very simple forward contracts, wtheyre we’re buying forward currency, so we lock in that budget rate. So from an expense standpoint, we pretty much lock in tthey vast majority of our P&L of our OpEx and it’s really tthey economics of revenue that would fluctuate over time with tthey market. David Kwan Perfect, thanks. Steven Gatoff Yes, sure. Operator Your next question comes from Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, good afternoon, in terms of tthey EBITDA guidance, can you clarify, what you’re assuming in terms of conference and tradeshow budgets and wtheyttheyr that’s going back to normal in tthey coming months? Steven Gatoff Thanos pleaseclarify, can we clarify tthey terms of… Thanos Moschopoulos Yes, travel conference, tradeshow budgets, are you’re assuming it that kind of brand so that typically pre-pandemic levels are implicitly, what is your EBITDA guidance assume on that front? Steven Gatoff Yes, good. Good question. We’re actually talking about ttheir earlier today. So, we assume it starts to come back a little bit, but nothing remotely close to what it was pre-pandemic, obviously asked and everyone else from tthey past year plus, saw T&E budgets of anywtheyre from 15% to 20% to 25% of what a normal spend would be. Ttheyre’s some spend and some events that still happen, right? You still have a sales kickoff, you still have a President’s Club, you still have a conference for people for customers, which is virtual so it costs less, but it still costs money. And so we’re assuming in our profile that, that starts to work its way back as we move through tthey year. Obviously nothing super meaningful right now and Q1 as we all know. Thanos Moschopoulos Great. And you obviously hired Alliances recently with interesting backgrounds. So maybe expand in terms of guests with tthey approach ttheyre is what it will be focused on and just general update on Persistence as a Service? Thanks. Christy Wyatt Sure. Happy too. So, we’ve talked a lot about tthey program, we said that as we were going through tthey pandemic year, our focus had sort of shifted slightly over to more fulfilling tthey catalog of Application Persistence within tthey product, as opposed to under tthey banner of Alliances since Edward comes to us from Samsung, wtheyre they had a very similar role and worked on some very broad, very visible relationships, especially on tthey mobile side. And so they’s formally taken on responsibility for that Persistence as a Service program, and is really going as already, I think, in a very short period of time been in sort of reaching out and establishing a lot of broad dialogues around what to do or how to sort of furttheyr those relationships as well as put some formalization around tthey program. So in tthey background, right, we’ve continued tthey product work, we’ve continued to work with a small number of partners, who has taken on tthey technology, but I think ttheir is really about taking it to tthey next level. So hopefully, we’ll have more to come back and update you all on as we go through tthey year on that. Thanos Moschopoulos Great. That’s theylpful. Thanks. Steven Gatoff Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey Kevin Krishnaratne from Desjardins. Kevin. Please go atheyad. Kevin Krishnaratne Hey, ttheyre. Good afternoon. Just one question for me with regards to NetMotion and your assumptions for tthey growth ttheyre for tthey year. Can you talk about maybe for tthey land versus expand opportunity, wtheyre do you see that growth coming tthey mix of it, is it kind of 50-50? So, I guess what I’m trying to understand with Absolute Software’s product, we understand that ttheyre are various tiers and different pricing models, can you talk about, what you see in NetMotion with tthey current base, in terms, I’m just trying to think about tthey different levers, wtheyttheyr that’s new customers, existing customers, expanding tthey number of endpoints that ttheyy’re on, and ttheyn sort of thoughts on potential pricing increases, wtheyttheyr that’s, and that might be from various different flavors of tthey product offering within an existing customer base. Christy Wyatt Hi Kevin, I think it’s probably a little early to talk about pricing, although it is something that we’re spending a lot of time looking at. I think that in terms of pricing changes, I would probably look at ttheir journey in a couple of steps, right? First of all, I think ttheyre is bringing up training sort of tthey sales on both sides, as well as tthey channel and tthey OEM on tthey value of kind of tthey new solutions. And it takes some amount of time, especially with our channel structure to kind of place those within. So, I think tthey first pass you’re going to see is really cross-selling, right it really is. And ttheyre is a lot of potential ttheyre. So for example, we don’t – we haven’t had a mobility product. And now we have an opportunity to talk to customers about mobile units, which is an area that we haven’t connected to in quite some period of time and ttheyn adversely, across ttheyir customer base, being able to offer our core capabilities as well. And so just as a quick refrettheyyr, I mean, I think ttheyy had about 13,000 customers – 3,000 customers to our 13,000 customers. So, I think we’re approaching 16,000 combined. Tthey second piece is wtheyn we start to actually integrate product. And I think that, that’s likely wtheyre more interesting things happen. At ttheir – if we kind of take that through steps, how do we inject tthey core of what we do and connect what ttheyy’re doing into our core platform? And I think once we – and tthey third, of course, would be around tthey data, right? How do you bring all of that intelligence from tthey device from tthey user and from tthey network into one common view of what’s going on across tthey enterprise. And so that’s kind of tthey journey you’re going to see us go through as we go through tthey next 12 months. So, as I said, pricings a little furttheyr out ttheyre until we come back and talk about a combined roadmap, but those are sort of tthey big, I’d say milestones and are thinking. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay, maybe just to be a bit clear ttheyre. So I mean, your guidance isn’t really expecting much in tthey way of cross-selling between tthey two until later on in tthey year. So, I’m just trying to think about nearer term within NetMotion itself, those 3,000 customers, like, can you talk about maybe tthey expansion opportunities within those accounts. And ttheyn within ttheyre is – is tthey NetMotion product, something that has multiple different pricing tiers and much like we see with Absolute Software wtheyre ttheyre could be just natural progression upwards. I’m not talking about your thoughts on moving pricing between tthey bundle Absolute NetMotion just trying to think about within NetMotion. Steven Gatoff Sure. Yes. We’ll, taking a little bit on it. So in essence, you got tthey takeaway spot on, which is we’re bullish on tthey cross-selling, but we’re not counting on any material revenue to tthey model till, middle to tthey end of tthey year kind of thing. But to your point, tthey way that businesses are being run right now is really growth trajectory for each set of products. And tthey NetMotion product on products, tthey quarter complete, has a really nice profile of both land-and-expand and so ttheyir growth has not just been from adding new logos. Similarly, it’s not also been theirtorically, just from mining, tthey existing customer base has been a nice blend between tthey two. And so that was part of tthey attractiveness wtheyn we were doing diligence and learning tthey company and working with CK and tthey management team to ttheyir approach with customers. And so tthey short answer is, it’s a blend of both expansion of existing customers have upsell, if a really nice MDR ratio and core renewal rate as well as new logos. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay, great. Thanks very much. I’ll pass tthey line. Thank you. Steven Gatoff Thanks, Kevin. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.