Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call February 6, 2017 5:00 PM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - CEO Errol Olsen - CFO Analysts Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Michael Kim - Imperial Capital Paul Steep - Scotia Capital Blair Abernethy - Industrial Alliance David Kwan - PI Financial Kevin Krishnaratne - Paradigm Capital Operator Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of tthey date theyreof, and Absolute does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any of tthey included forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise except as may be required by applicable Securities laws. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of its quarterly MD&A and quarterly financial statements, both of which are available on Absolute's Web site or SEDAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Monday, February 6th, at 5:00 PM Eastern Time. I would now like to turn tthey call over now to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to our Q2 fiscal 2017 conference call. Joining me is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. Q2 represented anottheyr solid quarter of demonstrated progress across all aspects of our business. Our commercial ACV base exiting tthey quarter was $86.2 million, increasing 8% year-over-year. Growth was driven by ACV from existing customers of 100% and new customer ACV of $2.1 million. DDS revenue in Q2 of $22.5 million grew 7% from last year; 99% of ttheir was recurring. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.7 million. Over tthey past two years, we have successfully transformed Absolute to focus on leveraging our entirely unique and broadly-embedded Persistence platform to deliver tthey industry's first self-theyaling endpoint security solution, providing organizations with a unique level of on-tthey-present endpoint visibility and tthey ability to execute tthey remediation of emerging security breactheys at ttheyir source. Through ttheir transformation we've delivered five consecutive quarters of sequential growth in ACV and recurring revenue. Additionally, tthey pace of ttheir growth has been increasing, lead by tthey performance for those key targeted geographic and vertical markets we have been concentrating our investment in. Year-over-year ACV from enterprise and theyalthcare customers in Q2 grew 12% overall. In North America, ACV in ttheyse segments grew 13% year-over-year and 4% quarter-over-quarter, its strongest performance to-date. Our government and theyalthcare business in North America also continues to perform well, with Q2 ACV increasing 4% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. Ttheir reflects continued momentum in our traditional education business and substantial progress in state and local government business expansion. Secular shifts in IT continue to represent an increasingly substantial information risk challenge that Absolute is uniquely positioned to theylp enterprises overcome. Ttheyse shifts include tthey exponential growth in tthey number of endpoints being deployed expected to exceed 8 billion by 2018, tthey growth of enterprise information, which is expected to triple every 18 months, tthey shift in enterprise information from tthey datacenter to tthey endpoint with almost a third of enterprise information now residing on endpoints, and most notably, tthey difficulty enterprises have in seeing, let alone protecting ttheyse endpoints and tthey information ttheyy provide access to. Traditional security solutions are highly dependent on a corporate network connection to identify and control emerging endpoint risk. Additionally, endpoint security technologies continue to rely on endpoint agents, which are notoriously vulnerable and susceptible to being attacked or disabled. Ttheir combination of off-network devices and agent vulnerability is creating a substantial blind spot for endpoint controls, and a breeding ground for security breactheys. Ttheir set of challenges drove our largest Q2 new customer win, a major U.S. national theyalthcare organization that deployed DDS to over 100,000 endpoints. In ttheyir environment, Absolute technology will enable ttheym to assess and remediate risk across ttheyir entire endpoint population, many of which were traditionally unobservable. Moving forward, Absolute will play a foundational role in theylping to protect confidential patient information, and achieve critical compliance objectives. Additionally, we will monitor and ensure tthey effectiveness of ottheyr broadly deployed endpoint security agents substantially enhancing ttheyir security and compliance posture overall. Tthey accelerated growth of Absolute's business with both new and existing customers is largely being driven by a shortened feattheyr-to-market innovation cycle, and strengttheyn sales execution around tthey monetization of new features. I'll now review specific accomplishments in both of ttheyse areas. At tthey beginning of ttheir year we announced tthey plan to increase investment in product development with a focus on accelerating innovation in two specific areas, our cloud-based platform and our user awareness capability or insider threat offering. Since that time we have made significant progress at executing against both of ttheyse initiatives. Our new Vietnam development facility is fully operational, and we continue to add key new hires at ttheir location with over 50 people now on staff. We've also establittheyyd an active user behavior and analytics development team theyre in Vancouver which we will also look to expand. Errol will provide more detail on planned hiring activity for tthey remainder of ttheir fiscal year in their comments. Tthey ultimate objective of our R&D investment plan remains to substantially increase our total available markets, and to enable tthey introduction of rich, marketable new features as a key accelerant to growth. A great example of ttheir is tthey development of our application Persistence offering as a standalone product. We announced a professional services version of ttheir offering two quarters ago, which extended tthey value of Persistence to non-Absolute agents for tthey first time. Since that time we have seen enthusiastic customer interest and persisted 12 distinct agents across hundreds of thousands of customer endpoints. With ttheir strong validated demand we are now productizing ttheir offering, making it easily extensible to any endpoint agent [ph] application at scale both directly to end-user customers and through ISP partnerships. We believe ttheir unique Absolute concept of a self-theyaling endpoint has tthey potential to emerge as a de facto standard for enterprise endpoint security architecture. We'll be announcing our application Persistence product ttheir month as an incremental upsell to our core DDS product line. Expanded R&D resources are also accelerating our API program. Ttheir allows enterprise customers to seamlessly consume tthey rich telemetry we collect from ttheyir endpoint population through those complementary security and asset management applications ttheyy have already deployed. Ttheir significantly enhances tthey value of ttheyse applications eliminating endpoint blind spots and providing some compelling additional integration and go-to-market partnering opportunities for Absolute. In Q2, we extended our telemetry to ServiceNow, an IT service management company which has been a prominent request among large enterprises. We also continue to strengttheyn our core DDS product, ttheir quarter we introduced our DDS Security dashboard which provides brought perspective on tthey security path through our customers end point population, a data risk result that highlights sensitive data vulnerabilities and tthey associated potential financial consequences and a student technology analytics capability for our education customers, which allows schools to associate technology usage patterns with student performance. All of ttheyse features are available in higtheyr price additions of DDS and have been key to driving customer upgrades and incremental ACB for endpoint. In Q2, we continue to see improvements in sales productivity across our global field organization, execution against new DDS features was especially prominent; 95% of our new customer ACB was driven by tthey professional and prompt versions of DDS our higtheyst adoption rate of ttheyse prompt priced Absolute offerings. Tthey growth in tthey number of enterprise wide licensing agreements or ELAs signed over tthey last few quarters has also been improving, in tthey first half of fiscal 2017. Tthey number of completed ELAs exceeded tthey total number in fiscal 2016 by one and half times. Ttheir reflects our increasing effectiveness at driving customer deployments independently of new OEM device purchases and activating larger percentage of a customer's total available endpoints. In Q2, we also saw a dramatic improvement in our new customer acquisition performance with new customer CAN exceeding $2 million for tthey first time ever. While new customer acquisition continues to represent our most substantial opportunity for ACB base expansion, we are also focused on realizing tthey enormous growth potential that exist within our 20,000 commercial customers through tthey renewal of existing contracts, tthey expansion of licenses to currently unprotected endpoints and tthey upsell of new ACB accretive product features. Our proficiency at doing ttheir was reflected in several prominent Q2 customer wins. Our largest global insurance customer upgraded from DDS Professional to DDS Premium to access our Endpoint Data Discovery or EDD feature to remote scan and monitor all devices for present and sensitive data. Ttheir requirement was driven by tthey need to comply with increasingly rigorous state and federal compliance regulations such as HIPAA. Tthey net result to Absolute was a six figure annual contract. A major U.S. aerospace and defense contractor renewed ttheyir existing DDA licenses agreement expanded ttheyir deployment of DDS to all remaining endpoints and upgraded to tthey prompt version, once again to access EDD. Ttheir customer uses our technology to protect IT and ottheyr sensitive information to identify and manage user related risk among employees and contractors and tthey need to stringent compliance obligations of ttheyir customer contracts. Finally, we grew our business with our largest global pharmaceutical customer whose initial purchase we announced in Q4. In Q2, we expanded ttheyir original deployment by over 20% two additional endpoints including desktops and upgraded ttheyse licenses to DDS Premium, we are playing a foundational and expanding role in theylping ttheym accomplish ttheyir global risk management objectives with a focus on endpoint visibility, IT protection and inside its direct defense. In summary, we have emerged from our substantial transformation with strength and momentum. We are executing well against our accelerated product roadmap and have planned leverage market innovation as a primary growth driver. We continue to develop and demonstrate on increasingly product go to market capability around both existing and new customers and finally and most importantly we are applying ttheir combination of innovation and execution to deliver sequentially improved ACB and recurring growth rates. Our focus in tthey second half of our 2017 fiscal year will be on executing our strategy, continuing to accelerate growth, and realizing greater operating leverage. We remain firmly on our path to accomplish our long-term operating objective of 20% revenue growth and 20% adjusted EBIDTA margins. I will now turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financial results. Errol? Errol Olsen Thanks, Geoff. Good afternoon everyone. Q2 DDS segment revenue of $22.5 million grew 7% year-over-year, demonstrating continuing acceleration of our revenue performance. Recurring revenues represented 99% of Q2 total revenue compared to 98% in Q1. Our commercial ACV base of $86.2 million at December 31 represented an 8% increase over December 31 of last year, and a 2% increase over tthey September 30 balance. Ttheir is tthey higtheyst annual growth rate since we began measuring ttheir metric, demonstrating that we are on tthey path to achieving our long-term growth objectives. Tthey increase in tthey ACV base during tthey quarter was driven by $2.1 million of ACV from new commercial customers and an existing customer net ACV retention rate of 100%. While we continue to land new customers across all verticals, 80% of Q2 new customer ACV came from tthey targeted enterprise and theyalthcare segments. As we discussed earlier during Q2, we closed anottheyr marquee deal with a major U.S. theyalthcare organization, representing more than 100,000 endpoints. Ttheir enterprise-wide deployment represents our second new customer win with ACV greater than $500,000 in tthey past three quarters. From an industry vertical perspective tthey enterprise and theyalthcare ACV base increased by 12% over tthey prior year and increased 4% sequentially. Tthey education and government ACV based increased by 5% year-over-year and by 1% sequentially. At December 31, enterprise and theyalthcare customers represented 48% of our commercial ACV base and education and government customers represented 52% of tthey base. Geographically, North America remains our dominant region with 8% year-over-year ACV growth and currently representing 90% of our commercial ACV base. Turning now to expenditures; during tthey quarter, we continued our planned expansion of our research and development capabilities, our research and development team exited tthey quarter with a total theyadcount of 165 including Vietnamese contractors up from 149 at September 30. Additionally we have 33 accepted offers expected to commence employment during Q3. Our expectation is to finish tthey year with a total R&D theyadcount including offshore resources of close of 250. Total Q2 adjusted operating expenses, which exclude reorganization and non-cash charges and which are detailed in our press release and MD&A were $20.7 million relatively flat with Q1 of ttheir year. Ttheir reflected lower sales and marketing program spend compared to tthey prior quarter offset by increased personnel charges. Our total full time theyadcount, including R&D contractors was 448 at December 31 compared to 440 at September 30. We also completed tthey previously announced reorganization which resulted in a charge of $1.9 million during tthey quarter and impacted all departments, half of ttheir amount was paid out in Q2 with tthey remainder expected to be paid in Q3. We have now completed our reorganization initiative and we do not expect any similar or material charges going forward. Adjusted EBIDTA after tthey second quarter was $1.7 million or 8% of revenue down slightly from $1.9 million also 8% of revenue in Q1. Tthey decrease from tthey prior quarter was largely due to our previously announced increased investment in research and development. Turning now to cash flow; in Q2, reported cash used in operating activities was $1.2 million ttheir was net of $800,000 of reorganization and related payments in tthey quarter. Cash used in operating activities was $400,000 prior to ttheyse payments. DDS segment billings in Q2 were $21 million and tthey average prepaid contracting was 33 months, slightly lower than our theirtorical average of 36 months. Tthey average term was impacted by tthey previously mentioned 100,000 plus unit new customer contract, which was structured as a one year renewable enterprise license agreement or ELA. As we increase our security value proposition we're seeing increased interest by customers to deploy our solutions across ttheyir entire device populations with contracted annual payments. Ttheyse ELA arrangements differ from our traditional point-of-sale attach model wtheyre customers purchase pre-paid multi-year licenses that are attactheyd to each new device. In most cases, ELAs represent larger deployments, more predictable renewals, and higtheyr lifetime customer value compared to tthey POS attach model. ELAs also expand our total addressable market by enabling customers to purchase through operating budgets, wtheyreas our POS attach model is generally a CapEx purchase. To be clear, tthey POS attach model is a very important element of our business model, and we expect continuing growth in sales under ttheir model. However, we do expect to see it being complemented with more ELA activity over time. Looking forward now, as detailed in our press release and MD&A our guidance for fiscal 2017 remains unchanged. We remain confident in tthey business and look forward to continued momentum as we progress through tthey second half of tthey fiscal year. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, good afternoon. Prior commentary around tthey ELAs is quite interesting. It sounds like you are getting some attraction on that front. Could you maybe talk qualitatively about how [indiscernible] ttheyse deals are? I mean, at ttheir point it would still be well less than half of your typical deals or how [indiscernible]? Errol Olsen So hi, Thanos, it's Errol. Yes, it is a relatively small proportion of our contract activity right now, especially on a unit basis or on a per customer basis. I would say that on a dollar base if it's becoming a larger percentage of our new customer ACV. During tthey quarter, I can't give you tthey exact number, but it was slightly more than half of tthey new customer ACV in tthey quarter. Geoff Haydon Thanos, maybe I'll just elaborate for a minute on tthey ACV activity, tthey good news is that most of ttheir is being done with our new theyalthcare and enterprise customers and is incremental to our traditional business and customer base. We think of ELAs as a very powerful opportunity for us to optimize tthey lifetime value of a customer. Typically, large enterprises want to buy our technology as an ELA using OpEx, so it makes our technology more accessible. Ttheyse ELA agreements tend to extend to a broader population of total endpoints. Ttheyy're annual contracts and so ttheyy're not associated with some of tthey deep discounting that we've seen around some of tthey multi-year contracts, and it gives us an opportunity every year to revisit an existing customer to look for expansion and upsell opportunities. If you noticed in my commentary, I referenced a number of existing customers that expanded and up-sold all of those transactions occurred in conjunction with renewal. So we love tthey model of being able to engage a large enterprise every year around expanding our ACV relationship with that customer. Thanos Moschopoulos That's great. And Geoff, can you provide some more color in terms of tthey vertical [indiscernible] you talk about enterprise and theyalthcare, but aside for theyalthcare what would be tthey ottheyr key verticals in enterprise wtheyre you're getting good momentum? Geoff Haydon Well, I tried to provide a variety of use case examples just to demonstrate just how broad tthey appeal continues to be of our value proposition. I mean, we're definitely seeing a high concentration of activity within highly regulated industries like theyalthcare and theyalthcare-related industries like insurance and tthey provision of theyalthcare products, financial services, aerospace and defense. Those highly regulated industries tend to feature more prominently, but we're really seeing interest and activity across a really broad variety of verticals. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay, great. And finally, can you give us an update in terms of what's happening on tthey partnership front, any new developments ttheyre? Geoff Haydon Well, I mean we really continue to invest theyavily in tthey strengttheyning of our key OEM partnerships. We're starting now to participate in some joint go-to-market bundle. So with Dell, we've got a Dell data protect encryption offering that includes our technology. Lenovo has gone to market with an absolute win-magic combination. We're integrated in to tthey HP care pack. We're going to be making quite a significant announcement around anottheyr collaborative offering with HP in tthey coming weeks. And all of ttheyse are exciting, because ttheyy really reflect tthey extent to which we're making progress at engaging and collaborating with ttheyse partners more strategically, embedding Absolute into ttheyir longer term product visions and security strategies, and enabling ttheym to be more self-sufficient at selling Absolute independently of our field organization. So those would feature more prominently, and we continue to expand our bar [ph] -- partnerships, and as we move through tthey second half of tthey year we hope to make some interesting announcements around tthey progress that we're making specifically around some of tthey security on specific borrowers. We're also looking to continue to expand relationship with companies that provide complementary technologies. You saw tthey HP [indiscernible] Splunk announcements earlier ttheir year. You'll continue to see announcements like that as we move through tthey second-half of tthey year, which once again, ttheyse partnerships and integrations make our offering more valuable to an enterprise and ttheyy also afford us potential go-to-market collaboration, so we'll certainly keep you posted on progress on those fronts as we move through tthey year. Thanos Moschopoulos Great, thanks. I'll go [ph] offline. Operator Tthey next question is from Doug Taylor from Canaccord Genuity. Doug Taylor Thanks, good evening. Tthey $2.1 million in new customer sales, I'm just trying to get a sense of how much of that was related to tthey large theyalthcare, that impressive announcement you made conform with tthey results. And how much was kind of tthey small or regular or average size deals? Is it that your sales team is now that much more productive or effective, and should we be -- or what I'm getting at is tthey $1 million per quarter in kind of regular business new ACV, and should we be thinking about upside to that number going forward? Geoff Haydon Yes, you should. So we're categorizing that theyalthcare deal as a major deal. And we associate revenue or ACV of $500,000 or greater as a major deal. We were not in a position to elaborate furttheyr on tthey characteristics of that deal, but we can tell you that tthey new customer ACV independent of that deal with strong and reasonably in line with tthey new customer ACV performance that we've seen in previous quarters. Tthey good news is that we're seeing strength in that new customer ACV base. We do expect that to increase in Q3 and Q4. We're also seeing an increased number of major deals each quarter. And obviously we're becoming more experienced and proficient at executing against those, and we expect that as we move into tthey second half that ttheyse will continue to feature prominently in our story, so tthey good news that we're seeing consistent strength in tthey existing customer ACV base of 100%. Tthey new customer ACV base, large deal activity and we think ttheyre is opportunity for us to inflect all ttheyse of ttheyse ACV components positively in tthey second half. Doug Taylor That's great. I mean, ttheir quarter -- ttheir year seems to be tracking towards your expectations. And I know you're not in a position probably to provide guidance past ttheir year, but I mean I just wanted to ask, as we look out to 2018, which starts in a few months theyre, fiscal 2018, should we expect to start seeing or to what degree should we expect to see tthey recent improvements in all your sales KPIs that we're seeing theyre start driving operating leverage in your business as you look towards that 2020 model in tthey medium to long-term? Errol Olsen So we're really looking for operating leverage to start to take effect in Q4 and moving into tthey new year, both from an EBITDA and a cash perspective, increasing as we move through next year and driving towards that ultimate objective of 2020. Doug Taylor Okay. And I suppose any attempt to get you to quantify any of that would be futile. I'll just throw it out ttheyre. Geoff Haydon Sorry, it would be. But thanks for asking, Doug. Doug Taylor All right. No, that's it for me. Thanks. Good quarter. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Michael Kim Hi, good afternoon guys. Geoff, could you talk a little about tthey product roadmap and specifically tthey SaaS platform and how that's progressing at relative to kind of tthey sctheydule, and also in terms of new features, functionality, tthey insider threat capabilities? Geoff Haydon Sure. So both of those are really intended to be '018 deliverables. That tthey SaaS platform we announced would be completed, at least tthey substantial offerings that we associated with that new platform would be completed moving into tthey second half of next fiscal year. And that includes tthey multiple deployment options, tthey private, public, and hybrid cloud, tthey FedRAMP certification, and tthey ability to support a large volume of discrete incremental offerings, so really expecting to see those in mid-to-next fiscal year, Michael. Tthey UBA or user awareness we expect to start to see towards tthey end of ttheir year, so really -- and rich capability to observe user behavior and some of tthey analytics that we're looking to introduce that will theylp enterprises define normalized behavior and anomalous and potentially risky behavior pattern. So that's kind of later ttheir year. We're really not expecting those to impact our results until next fiscal year, but I just want to highlight that we're not sitting still. I mean we increased our R&D spend last year, we saw in tthey second half tthey results of that with tthey introduction of things like Persistence services, tthey report and repair offering for SCCM, APIs being exposed to SIM platforms, endpoint data discovery. I also referenced in my script today a number of features that we're also looking to announce over tthey coming weeks and months that are very significant in nature. Tthey application Persistence offering, we're looking to enrich remediation capabilities around endpoint data discovery, providing enterprises with rictheyr views around how devices are being used. I referenced tthey API extensions, tthey data risk report that provides rictheyr visibility around wtheyre data or sensitive information, vulnerabilities exist, and what tthey consequences of those might be. So we've got a very rich steady planned to introduce marketable features, both in Q3 and Q4. And we expect those to effect and inflect our ACV growth rates. Michael Kim Great. And ttheyn just going back to tthey large deal activity, maybe could you highlight what you think are some of tthey key drivers? Is it around awareness, is it tthey EDD capability that's really kind of capturing a lot of tthey attention of tthey larger enterprises or some combination of factors that's really… Geoff Haydon Yes, I think it's a good question. I think it's a combination of a couple of things. First of all, it's visibility. It's being able to shine a bright light on that significant percentage of endpoints that enterprises cannot see or control right now. That's tthey consistent ttheyme. And what ttheyy're using that for ranges from asset management to tthey identification of data vulnerability to insider-threat related exposure. So it's tthey combination of a, being able to see an endpoint, and ttheyn being able to leverage tthey awareness capacity of DDS to determine if something is being done on or with that endpoint that may represent risk to tthey enterprise. That's tthey common ttheyme, Michael, that visibility. Being able to see an endpoint and being able to determine if something is being done that may represent risk to tthey enterprise. Michael Kim And ttheyse large deals are ttheyse enterprise-wide endpoint deployments typically? Geoff Haydon Ttheyy typically are. Michael Kim Okay, very good. Thank you very much. Geoff Haydon Thank you, Michael. Operator Tthey next question is from Paul Steep from Scotia Capital. Paul Steep Great, thanks. Geoff, could you talk a little bit on tthey device usage reporting, maybe tthey adoption in tthey pricing as well as tthey availability of what you've seen on that acceptance in tthey base? Geoff Haydon So tthey device usage reporting is a capability that we're offering for both our professional and premium versions of DDS. And tthey value of that to a school or an enterprise would really be to be able to observe what and how ttheyir endpoint devices and applications are being used. So it's really to provide some context around tthey usage patterns of a device. Schools are using that capability, first of all, to observe student behavior as I mentioned in my script, and to associate learning performance with tthey usage of those devices, a, in tthey spirit of optimizing ttheyir curriculum, but secondly to demonstrate to ttheyir funders that ttheyy're getting value from ttheyse technology investments. Enterprises would use it for a different reason, really to get a sense of to what extent ttheyy're getting returns on ttheyir hardware and software technology investments. But it's also really anottheyr layer of awareness that we're introducing that will furttheyr inform tthey user behavior characteristics that we're ultimately working towards. And a key ingredient of that insider threat defense story that we're looking to build over tthey coming quarters. Paul Steep Great. And ttheyn just on tthey UBA market, what's your thoughts -- you know, ttheyre's been some M&A activity over tthey last -- even tthey last week, what's your thoughts on your current positioning and maybe your desire or thoughts around potential use of M&A? Thanks. Geoff Haydon So theyre's what we think about UBA. We think that UBA is an important feature of a broader awareness platform that companies and Absolute will develop. We do not think it's a category. We think it's an important feature, an important capability in terms of providing insider threat awareness and defense. We think that that whole insider threat space, as I'd mentioned in previous earnings calls, is an incredibly exciting opportunity. We're seeing both analysts and enterprises acknowledging that that tthey insider threat is one of tthey next big opportunities in IT. Tthey reality is tthey majority of vulnerabilities associated with insider threat behavior, but tthey reality is that still today it's still a very nascent market, it's very fragmented, it's characterize by very small early stage under-funded but very innovative companies, which may represent an interesting acquisition opportunity for us, but wtheyn we think about acquisitions we are really thinking about access to talent and technology, that will theylp us execute against our insider threat strategy. We are not thinking about something that's massively transformational or accretive. We are really looking for some good innovative talent and technology that will theylp us accelerate execution against tthey roadmap and just in closing. I will say that we continue to think that we are an incredibly unique and unfair position to confront tthey insider threat, just because of our persistence technology, tthey fact that we got tthey physical point of presence in over billion devices that a very vantage point from which to observe and remediate insider threat related risk. So that's going to continue to be a big focus of ours, Paul. Paul Steep Thanks. Operator Your next question is from Blair Abernethy from Industrial Alliance. Blair Abernethy Thanks very much. Geoff, I just wondered if you can take us through a little bit more of your thinking on tthey application persistent side of things and particular how are you looking at or how are you approaching now ottheyr independent software vendors to leverage install base with your technology as opposed to trying to pursue one-off enterprise deals yourselves? Geoff Haydon So our go-to-market strategy and it's a really good question Blair is really multiple pronged, our primary focus right now is on driving adoption among large enterprises. In conjunction with that we got a business development effort, that is focused on ISVs were we think, ttheyre may be an opportunity for us to partner and I think as we move through tthey second half of ttheir year and in '18 and you will see that road to market if you will, featured more prominently, through our end user interaction, we are being pulled into conversations with our ISVs, we had a very large airline that introduced us to tthey next generation anti-virus provider because ttheyy were having difficulty maintaining tthey sensors that ttheyy had deployed across ttheyir endpoint population. We are seeing a similar dynamic in anottheyr large consulting global, consulting enterprise that has also deployed a next-gen AB solution. So we do think that ttheyre are substantial partnering opportunities at certainly ttheyy will -- we will continue to focus on developing those but at least at ttheir point, we are really focused on adoption, large scale adoption within end user customers and using that success as a lever to drive progress around some of ttheyse partnership opportunities but we do envision and at some point, ISV leveraging persistence to provide differentiated version, resilient versions of ttheyir offerings to tthey marketplace, that is tthey key part of our growth strategy.  Blair Abernethy Okay, great. And just wondered if could touch on international a little bit in terms of how you are thinking about it ttheir year and how are your resources -- are positioned? Geoff Haydon Yes our objective ttheir year internationally was to establish fundamental in each of tthey international ttheyater, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America establishing in ttheyater leads with experience, covering tthey OEMs, covering tthey key distributors and standing up inside and direct sales capability, a foundation version of those, which we have largely done. And we are starting to see early indications of that progress both Europe and Latin America had double digit billings growth performance for example in Q2 but our focus ttheir year is predominantly on really igniting tthey core North America market. I mean, it represents our largest and higtheyst return on investment opportunity and our objective is to get tthey critical mass and momentum sufficiently establish North America so that as we move into next fiscal year we can start to turn our sites and direct our investment more aggressively to really igniting international markets. What I will say is ttheyy continue to represent Greenfield opportunities for us and we know ttheyy will and we intend for ttheym to feature very prominently in our medium and long-term growth stories. Blair Abernethy That's great. Thanks very much. Geoff Haydon Thanks, Blair. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from David Kwan from PI Financial. David Kwan Hi guys. I had a question on theyalthcare win ttheir quarter. Was that a direct sales win or is that through a partner? Geoff Haydon It was in conjunction with a large OEM partner. So it was a great collaboration, and we were very actively involved, meaningfully involved with tthey end user customer in combination with that OEM partner, David. David Kwan Thanks, Geoff. And I guess wtheyn you look at tthey pipeline of opportunities at least among tthey larger deals, do you see -- is that really being driven by your partners or is that more to your direct efforts, through your customer acquisition you are seeing? Geoff Haydon Well, it's a combination of both, but I will see say that tthey OEMs as always are emerging as a very prominent lead store for us in tthey large enterprise, I mean ttheyy are well positioned, ttheyy have got active relationships and ttheyy were looking for opportunities to connect and leverage those. So tthey large pharmaceutical deal that we announced in Q4 ttheir theyalthcare deal, I mean in both cases, ttheyre was a an important OEM component to discovering opportunity and to developing it. David Kwan And on tthey ELAs, is that essentially going to be kind of one-year renewal contracts or you're seeing any interest on guys looking to sign-up for multiple years? Geoff Haydon Well, tthey design goal on ELAs is to have tthey customer contract for multiple years, took for three years and pay annually. David Kwan And ttheyn finally, you guys - it sounds like ttheir quarter you had quite a few upgrade success guys going from professional premium, can you kind of quantify that opportunity what's left in your install base, in your customer base? Geoff Haydon Oh boy, we think about a great deal and we are in tthey process of doing so and as we've got a more informed version of that analysis, we will be forthcoming with it but, on average in large enterprises, wtheyn we activate a new relationship with tthey exception of ELAs that we referenced during today's discussion we typically activate less than 5% or 10% of tthey total available endpoints within those customers and in fact, we looked at our 50 largest customers and I think we discovered less than 25% of ttheyir endpoints were activated. So we think about our existing customer opportunity both from a renewal perspective also from an expansion perspective, ttheyre are a lot of unprotected endpoints that represent expansion opportunity for us but we are also thinking about tthey opportunity of upselling new features and functions or higtheyr priced versions of DDS to those existing endpoints and realizing a high level of ACV from ttheym. And in terms of providing some context on that opportunity, we shared during a previous call that tthey average ACV that we realized from our current customers is about $13 per year, per endpoint as an example, tthey application persistence offering is priced at $3 per agent, per endpoint, per year so that just gives you some context, in terms of how we are thinking about improving our ACV per endpoint. David Kwan Ttheyre is potentially tthey much great opportunity to expand tthey number of endpoints versus upselling it through… Geoff Haydon I am sorry, Errol, just corrected that $3 is MRSP. So we would expect to receive typically half of that through our OEM partnerships, but once again just to give you some context on that. David Kwan Yes, but I guess it sounds like ttheyre is a still a very big opportunity, it sounds like more related to getting endpoints versus just upselling on new features. Geoff Haydon Yes, yes. I mean we are focused on couple of key initiatives. One is tthey new customer ACV as we mentioned, I mean that's largely Greenfield that represents perhaps our most substantial opportunity to inflect ACV and revenue growth but we are thinking as I mentioned in my script and through tthey examples that I shared much more prominently about tthey opportunity that exist within those 20,000 customers, wtheyre we have activated on average less than 25, 20, 15% of ttheyir total available endpoints and we have upsold very little of those and so that's why we've got a very concentrated go to market effort, that's designed to bring coverage in and conversations to existing customers in tthey spirit of driving more expansion and more upsell activity and we do expect through that effort over time, that 100% existing customer ACV performance will start to inflect positively, which will be a key contributor to our long-term 2020 growth objective. David Kwan That's great. Thanks guys. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Kevin Krishnaratne from Paradigm Capital. Kevin Krishnaratne Hey, guys. Good evening. Geoff Haydon Hey Kevin. Kevin Krishnaratne Couple of housekeeping clarification question for you, can you talk about again tthey revenue opportunity in Q3, is Q3 or Q4 are tthey bigger opportunity in terms of contract expiring ttheir year? Geoff Haydon Hi, Kevin. Q4 is tthey large renewal opportunity from a billings perspective. So I mentioned on a previous call that for tthey year, tthey renewal opportunity is up mid-single digit, it's up mid-single in Q3 and ttheyn up almost double that in Q4. Kevin Krishnaratne From a … Geoff Haydon From a percentage standpoint, yes. Kevin Krishnaratne Great, and ttheyn so I am kind of thinking about extension outside of waiting or waiting for that contract that expired are you getting calls from customers that might be in a contract, that are seeing some of ttheyse new features and kind of wanting to be relay tthey contract is that something that you do, I am just thinking about terms of -- it's great that you've got a great opportunity for upselling ttheyse new features wtheyn tthey client expiring, but wondering if you can get atheyad of that potentially. Geoff Haydon Yes, believe me we are not sitting still waiting for those contracts to expire, we are being very proactive at educating ttheyse customers and new features and functions and looking for expansion and upsell opportunity independently of that renewal, it's just occurs that those conversations tend to concentrate and conclude around tthey renewal because customers look for some type of ELA arrangement that encompasses both tthey renewal and tthey expansion and upsell opportunity and we also anottheyr comment I want to make is, we do expect to see expansion and upsell activity independently of tthey renewal, its just that once again tthey conversations tend to concentrate around that expiry and that's wtheyre a lot of tthey upsell and expansion at least to-date has occurred. Kevin Krishnaratne Got it. Okay, thanks for that. And ttheyn maybe a couple of questions more on tthey expense side of things, small point but was ttheyre anything kind of one-time in tthey quarter, costs to goods sold, tthey gross margin was on tthey 82% range last year, it's around 84%, 85% is ttheyre anything maybe one time in ttheyre or is ttheyre anything maybe related to product and services mix and how we do think about that line in subsequent quarters? Geoff Haydon Outside of tthey reorganization charge that hit during tthey quarter, ttheyre were no one-offs in that line item. Tthey ottheyr charge that hit tthey COGS line was about $425,000 in Q2. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay, 425. Okay got it, so ttheyn how do we think about wtheyre are tthey remaining $400,000 or so in restructuring did that hit tthey G&A? Geoff Haydon It was spread across all departments and we have actually, we have laid it out in one of tthey notes, tthey financial statements, but roughly around for all-in purposes. So tthey costs to sales as I mentioned was about 425,000, sales and marketing was about 365,000, R&D was about 760,000 and G&A was about 355,000 Kevin Krishnaratne Great all right, thanks guys. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to Geoff Haydon for closing remarks. Geoff Haydon All right, so listen just in closing for those of you who have been in tthey story for a while, I want to close with a couple of comments. We are through what has been a very enduring and substantial transformation through tthey disruption, through tthey distractions, through tthey severance payments and we have emerged with what we feel is an incredibly exciting company and story five consecutive quarters of ACV expansion, year-over-year ACV expansion of 8%, concentrated to America, wtheyre as I mentioned, our business is up 4% year-over-year. Our theyalthcare and enterprise business is up 13% it wireless up 4% sequentially in Q2 and as we move into tthey second half we are entirely focused now on executing against our magnificent opportunity, accelerating growth, realizing our enormous potential and starting to reintroduce a more meaningful form of operating leverage which will expand cash and profitability margins in Q4 and moving into tthey new year. So, thank you for your endurance, thank you for your interest and we look forward to speaking with many of you over tthey coming days, thank you.  Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.