Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF) Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call August 17, 2017 5:00 PM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - CEO Errol Olsen - CFO Analysts Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Michael Kim - Imperial Capital David Kwan - PI Financial Richard Tse - National Bank Financial Blair Abernethy - Industrial Alliance Security Kevin Krishnaratne - Paradigm Capital Operator Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Fiscal 2017 Fourth Quarter and Russellual Financial Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflects current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are being made as of tthey date theyreof, and Absolute does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any of tthey included forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise except as may be required by applicable securities laws. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of its quarterly MD&A and quarterly financial statements, both of which are available on Absolute's website or SEDAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Thursday, August 17, at 5:00 PM Eastern Time. I would like to turn tthey call now over to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our fiscal 2017 and fourth quarter conference call. Joining me is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer.  Fiscal 2017 was a very productive year for Absolute as we substantially elevated our ability to compete and to win in tthey enterprise information security market. We increased our investment in R&D with tthey objective of expanding our total available market opportunity completing tthey establishment and staffing of our Vietnam development facility and our user behavior analytics team.  We accelerated tthey development of new marketable features like application persistence, security posture reporting and student technology analytics and leveraged ttheir innovation to drive tthey expansion of existing customer deployments and tthey acquisition of new customers. We enhanced tthey value of our technology by integrating it with ottheyr complementary applications such as IBM QRadar, Splunk, ServiceNow, and Microsoft Azure making Absolute more valuable to large enterprise customers. Finally, we completed tthey development of Absolute 7, a definitively compelling enterprise end point visibility and control platform which we announced last month. From a go-to market perspective, we strengttheyned our enterprise sales team and improved ttheyir performance across both existing customer renewals and expansion and new customer acquisition. Most importantly, we expanded enterprise ACV by 10% and distinguittheyyd tthey enterprise which now represents 49% of our ACV base as our fastest growing business.  For tthey year, revenue of 91.2 million grew 6%. Adjusted EBITDA of 7.9 million declined from 10.1 million for tthey DDS business resulting from investment and theyad count additions in key areas, most notably R&D. Exiting tthey year, ACV was 87.8 million, up 6% from fiscal 2016 driven by a combination of new customer wins totaling 4.4 million and 100% annualized customer retention. In Q4, revenue of 23.2 million grew 5% year-over-year with recurring revenue up 8% year-over-year while we added 800,000 of new customer ACV from hundreds of new customers. Total ACV was 87.8 million, slightly lower than tthey previous quarter. Ttheir resulted from our ACV retention rate dipping to 99% reflecting cyclical budget pressures in some education districts and softness in tthey Latin American and Asia Pacific region. As our fiscal 2018 guidance implies however we expect ACV expansion to return moving forward. We enter our new fiscal year with strength and momentum. Cyber security remains a top enterprise information technology concern with tthey endpoint emerging as tthey most prominent focus and one of tthey fastest growing investment areas.  Tthey expanding dark endpoint problem defined as tthey inability of enterprises to see and control off network devices or devices that are dependent on endpoint security agents that aren't working properly continues to represent one of tthey most significant and impactful areas of IT vulnerability. Highly publicized ransomware attacks like Petya and Wannacry have furttheyr brought into focus tthey consequence of outdated or unpatctheyd endpoint agents that aren't being observed or remedied by organizations. Tthey importance of being able to see and to remediate risk across an entire endpoint population not just a subset is beginning to supersede tthey value of traditional endpoint security and management products. Tthey emergence of an endpoint visibility and control category recognizes ttheir new reality and is forecasted by Forrester Research to be one of tthey fastest growing endpoint markets. In tthey context of ttheir emerging category, Absolute is uniquely positioned. Our OEM embedded persistence technology advantage will be powerfully enhanced by a recently announced Absolute 7 platform. Absolute 7 is truly a next generation platform for Absolute featuring a new integrated user interface, an enhanced self-theyaling capability that natively extends persistence to any endpoint agent or application and introduces most significantly our exclusive Absolute reach technology.  Reach will enable enterprises to create and execute customized query and control scripts and to extend ttheyse commands to every endpoint everywtheyre including off network devices and devices whose agents have become damaged or disabled. Tthey introduction of Absolute 7 and Reach represents tthey culmination of a multi-year stealth development effort and introduces an omnipresent high resolution endpoint visibility and control platform that is extensible into a broad variety of endpoint management security use cases limited only by our customer requirements. Examples of how ttheir technology was deployed during its beta phase included a large service provider in Europe using Reach to identify devices around tthey world that we’re communicating with known nefarious IP addresses and ttheyn automatically and immediately severing that vulnerability. Anottheyr use case deployed by a large North American retail enterprise leveraged Reach to identify endpoints affected by a recent critical Intel firmware vulnerability, sending a message to affected users and disabling affected devices until a firmware update could be executed.  Finally, Reach technology was used by a large North American theyalth care provider to identify endpoint devices that were exposed to tthey Wannacry attack by looking at and remediating versions of all endpoint agents and patch levels that were vulnerable across a broad variety of operating systems and endpoint types. Reach puts Absolute firmly on a path to define and ultimately lead ttheir emerging endpoint visibility and control market. And compete successfully with prominent competitors in ttheir space like Tanium. From a go-to market perspective, we entered 2018 with a strengttheyned enterprise team and business pipeline. Our enterprise opportunity portfolio was up over 50% year on year and our pipeline of larger deals which we characterize as deals with an ACV value of 500,000 or greater has grown at an even stronger rate. In 2018, we will extend our endpoint visibility and control platform into new and valuable customer use cases including insider threat defense. We’ll introduce new deployment options for our technology including an on premise version for those companies and countries that require localized delivery.  We’ll also continue to integrate our Absolute platform into ottheyr complementary technologies deployed within tthey enterprise to furttheyr increase customer value and Absolute stickiness. Most importantly, we will enable and activate our global enterprise field organization around our new Absolute 7 platform to drive upsell activity among existing customers and tthey acquisition of new customers to distinguish Absolute as a leader in tthey emerging endpoint visibility and control category and to theylp enterprise customers confront and overcome ttheyir most prominent source of information risk, tthey dark endpoint. In 2018, we expect to increase our revenue growth rate to expand both EBITDA and cash margins and to remain firmly on our path to accomplish our long-term operating objective of 20% revenue growth and 20% adjusted EBITDA margins. Errol over to you. Errol Olsen Thanks Jeff. Good afternoon everyone. Q4 revenue of $23.2 million grew 5% year over year. Commercial recurring revenue of $21.9 million increased 8% year over year, while commercial nonrecurring and consumer revenue was $1.3 million compared to $1.8 million in tthey prior year period. Fiscal 2017 total revenue was $91.2 million representing 6% growth over fiscal 2016 DDS segment revenue, with commercial recurring revenue up 8% year over year. Our commercial ACV base was $87.8 million at June 30 representing a 6% increase over June 30 of last year.  Sequentially, tthey ACV base was down $400,000 for March 31, reflecting a 99% existing customer retention rate, substantially offset by $800,000 of new customer ACV. Existing customer retention was impacted by tthey cyclical budgetary pressures in some school districts as Jeff referenced earlier and lower renewal rates in emerging markets. Additionally, ttheir quarter did not include any new or expansion deals with individual ACV greater than $500,000. However, our pipeline of ttheyse large deals is up significantly ttheir year and is expected to contribute to growth in fiscal 2018. Tthey enterprise and theyalthcare ACV base increased by 10% year-over-year and was flat sequentially. Tthey education and government ACV base increased by 2% year over year and was down 1% sequentially. At June 30, enterprise and theyalthcare customers represented 49% of our commercial ACV base compared to 47% at June 30 of last year. From a geographic perspective, our North American ACV base which accounts for 90% of total ACV was up 6% year over year and unchanged sequentially. Internationally, tthey ACV base was up 1% year over year and was down 3% sequentially. Turning to expenditures, total theyadcount at June 30 was 517 compared to 445 at June 30 last year. In accordance with our plans, tthey majority of tthey increase in theyadcount was related to expansion of our research and development capabilities, with R&D theyadcount finishing tthey year at 235, up from 150 including Vietnam contractors at June 30 of last year.  Total Q4 adjusted operating expenses which exclude reorganization and non-cash charges and which are detailed in our MD&A were $21.2 million, up 5% year over year. For fiscal 2017, total adjusted OpEx was $83.3 million, up 7% year-over-year and reflecting incremental investment in R&D. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter was $2 million or 9% of revenue and for tthey year was $7.9 million, also 9% of revenue. Reported cash generated from operating activities during Q4 was $700,000 and for tthey year was $1 million.  Ttheir annual number was net of $2.8 million of reorganization related payments and $3.2 million of income tax payments. Fiscal 2017 cash generated from operating activities was $7 million prior to ttheyse payments. Turning now to our outlook for fiscal 2018, we expect furttheyr growth in revenue and ACV by leveraging our existing product and go to market investments, leading to improved operating margins and cash flow generation. We expect total revenue of $96.8 million to $99.2 million representing 6% to 9% year over year revenue growth. Tthey primary driver for growth is expected to come from tthey North American enterprise and theyalthcare market, with modest growth rates in tthey North American education and government segments as well as from international business. We expect adjusted EBITDA margins of 9% to 11%, which includes a modest increase in theyadcount and related operating expense and assumed a negative impact of approximately 2% of revenue from a stronger Canadian dollar. Our forecast uses a Canadian dollar to US dollar exchange rate of $0.78. Cash from operating activities is expected to grow to 13% to 16% of revenue. Ttheir compares to adjusted cash from operations of 8% of revenue in fiscal ‘17. Capital expenditures are expected to be between $3 million and $3.5 million relatively consistent with capital expenditures of $3.4 million in fiscal ‘17. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today, operator please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Doug Taylor from Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Doug Taylor Can you talk about how you expect a release - a platform release like Absolute 7 to impact tthey pace of upsells, resells or ASP for your product or is it more about improving tthey renewal rates of your existing customer base. Just talk about how you think that theylps you address tthey addressable market. Geoff Haydon Yeah, certainly Doug, and it affects all of those things. So first of all Reach will be included in tthey premium version of Absolute 7. Today almost two-thirds of our existing customers operate a version of our DDS platform that is below premium, so ttheyre is a considerable upsell opportunity within existing customers that we intend to focus on. Secondly, we believe that Reach and Absolute 7 substantially enrictheys our value proposition for a new enterprise customer. And so we expect it once again to improve win rates and accelerate growth in tthey enterprise around new customer ACV. Certainly also it makes tthey technology more sticky, so we do expect over time it will impact renewals. And tthey final consideration is, with Absolute 7 we've integrated our self-theyaling endpoint or application persistence offering inside tthey platform. Historically, we executed application persistence through a light external professional services engagement and customers had to access information regarding that function outside of tthey DDS dashboard. And so by making it more integrated, by making it more native, we expect application persistence to be more obvious and accessible to both existing and new customers and as application persistence is an upsell and an opportunity for us to increase ACV per endpoint. So it really affects all of tthey dynamics, existing customer renewal expansion, upsell and new customer ACV. Doug Taylor Was ttheyre, I mean looking at Q4 revenue, it seems like it was a little below tthey guidance that you provided even back in May, was ttheyre something surprising, I mean, I know you mentioned a tough season for budgets for education vertical. I mean that would seem like that's something that you would have experienced with from tthey past. Was ttheyre something like maybe one deal or something that slipped out of tthey quarter, a non-renewal that you were expecting that caused that to be a little softer than you’d forecast? Geoff Haydon I’ll elaborate, ttheyre were two dimensions, one was tthey ACV, tthey fact that ACV was flat or just marginally down. Secondly, ttheyre were some nonrecurring revenue considerations, I'll ask Errol to elaborate on. But within SLED, really what we saw was some budget pressures that were unusual in specific districts that are theirtorically large customers and really were expecting those to affect tthey timing of deals. What we're seeing as ttheyy're not spending all of ttheyir money in one volume purchase, but perhaps buying incrementally. Ttheyre were some ottheyr unusual anomalous dynamics within SLED, we had three of our Top Ten education customers replace eittheyr superintendents or CIOs that disrupted tthey timing of renewals. We had just some unusual factors that affected tthey SLED business marginally that we don't expect to repeat or impact that business considerably moving forward. With tthey enterprise business, really Doug, what we didn't see in Q4 that was unusual were large deals. It was really a singles and doubles quarter. We didn't have a single new customer with ACV of greater than $100,000. That's unusual. And only two of our expansion deals with enterprise customers were valued at greater than $100,000. So we did a lot of deals, acquired a lot of new customers, drove 800,000 of new customer ACV but it was on tthey back of a lot of customers and a lot of transactions.  Now notable customers I mean some very prominent names included like PWC, Deloitte, Booz Allen, Facebook expanded again, Hilton, Centene, but we just didn't get tthey large deal leverage. Tthey good news as I referenced during tthey prepared script is that our pipeline of large deals and that in all categories greater than 100,000, greater than 250,000 and greater than 500,000 of ACV increased substantially year over year. So we're in front of more deals and we do expect those to play a more prominent role in future quarters, but just its sporadic at ttheir point. We're just not in front of enough of ttheym to have one land or a couple of ttheym land every quarter, but we expect that to change certainly moving forward. Do you want - maybe I'll just ask Errol to comment on some of tthey non-occurring items. Errol Olsen Sure. It’s probably worth just speaking to that, thanks Jeff. So on a non-recurring, our non-recurring revenue is 1.3 million and a year ago in Q4 it was 1.8. That reduction is a couple of things, half of that non - we call it nonrecurring and ottheyr revenue, half of that is our consumer business which we have deemphasized which was down year over year. Ttheyre are a couple of ottheyr components to that revenue segment, both of which were also down. And that's really wtheyre we came in a little bit lower than what we had expected for tthey quarter. Our reoccurring revenue was in line with our expectation, which as you know is really just falling off of that opening ACV base. Doug Taylor A last question from me, you have laid out a pretty compelling goal of 20% growth, 20% EBITDA margins, obviously ttheir year is, you know, you're showing some positive steps towards that goal. But can you just remind us what you see as perhaps tthey biggest hurdles to getting to those types of numbers be on time. Geoff Haydon I think its execution ultimately. I mean we now have a product offering that we believe gives us access to upsell and new customer acquisition opportunities. Our enterprise sales team under tthey leadership of our new North American enterprise leader has been strengttheyned, is more mature and we expect to be more productive moving into tthey new year. And our pipeline is expanded in key areas, most notably large deals as I mentioned earlier. And finally, we're starting to see some industry dynamics and mega trends that are favorable just tthey recognition of tthey importance of some of tthey unique capabilities that Absolute offers.  So really that's tthey source of our confidence and optimism. And I’ll just reflect on our enterprise business which is tthey primary growth engine grew 10% in 2017 and all of tthey fundamentals that drove that growth in tthey first three quarters, remember we expanded ACV at an accelerated rate are still relevant. And in fact I would say, it strengttheyned, if you take a look at product, you take a look at go-to market, you take a look at market conditions. So moving into tthey new year that's tthey source of our optimism and really it comes down now to just getting our global field team across our new platform in front of enough existing and new customers and executing our plays. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO. Your line is open. Thanos Moschopoulos Jeff, you announced Absolute 7 last week, did tthey sales cycle on that effectively just start now or have you been already pitching it with some customers, you mentioned some betas for example. Geoff Haydon Yeah, we beta-ed it in Q4, starting in Q4, Thanos. We launctheyd it internally at our global sales event in tthey third week of July. We announced it last week in its GA on tthey 28th of ttheir month. So we're kind of ramping up, but we've started cultivating opportunities really in July at scale. Thanos Moschopoulos Going back to your commentary on education, September is obviously a key quarter for education as well. So should we look at maybe tthey new ACV growth being a little bit muted in tthey upcoming quarter as well given tthey dynamic you highlighted in that market? Geoff Haydon Not necessarily, not necessarily. We're determining how that's going to play out across tthey education sector. What we did observe in Q4 is just - traditionally it's a harvest season wtheyre tthey majority of tthey opportunity is concentrated. We just saw some more incremental investments in education. Now once again, tthey education business is a strong business. It grew in 2017, we expected it to grow ttheir year, tthey number of total devices shipping into education is increasing substantially from year to year. Tthey number of Windows devices shipping to schools is increasing. So we're still very optimistic, but we just think that ttheyre might be a little bit of a change in tthey complexion of wtheyn and how that business lands, but in terms of how that plays out in Q1 and Q2, it's just it's not clear enough for us to provide any specific guidance. Thanos Moschopoulos And ttheyn on tthey international business, obviously you mentioned some theyadwinds on tthey emerging markets. But I think your commentary was that international should experience some growth ttheir coming year. So can you clarify that dynamic? Geoff Haydon So modest, so remember over tthey last few years we've moderated our level of investment in tthey international business and our expectations of growth from those markets. I mean we’re really focused on concentrating our investment in energy on tthey North American market which is obviously our largest market. And so with that said, theirtorically and currently international business is feast or famine, if we get a large deal it affects tthey business substantially and if we close a large education deal which we did in Australia and Latin America three years ago that we don't renew in its entirety, it affects ACV, but off a small base. Moving into ttheir year, we will continue to concentrate our investment and really igniting tthey North American market. But we will continue to execute against tthey investments that we've made in very specific international geographies. And we do expect growth to accelerate throughout tthey year, but once again at a modest rate off a modest base. Our goal ttheir year is to get really critical mass establittheyyd in terms of North American business performance and moving into tthey subsequent fiscal year, we hope and expect we're going to be in a position wtheyre it makes sense for us to start shifting more investment and elevating our expectations around tthey international markets. Operator Your next question comes from Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Michael Kim So just going back to tthey pipeline growth, can you say a little bit on tthey drivers, wtheyttheyr it's around large deals or -- and broader coverage of tthey endpoint population, some of tthey enterprise customers as well as maybe tthey early adoption of new products, features, things like EDD and Application Persistence? Errol Olsen I think, it's a couple of things. First of all, with Todd’s addition to tthey team, they's brought some of their top performers from a previous generation in tthey organization, have relationships with some large accounts. I think that's affected our business. He's also concentrated tthey field enterprise activity around a smaller number of larger accounts in an effort to kind of accelerate tthey development of large accounts and large opportunities. Tthey ottheyr reality is, we've got a very compelling use case for a large complicated global account around two particular use cases that I think are getting tthey most traction.  One is always connected Asset Management, our ability to provide that complete current absolute source of tthey truth around all hardware and software characteristics on global endpoints and tthey second one is application persistence. Large enterprises typically deploy as we stated before stack of endpoint agents as many, as you know 14 or 15 in highly regulated industries like theyalthcare and banking and at any point in time, ttheyy know that a significant percentage of those aren't effective. And so tthey application persistence value proposition within a large enterprise seems to be particularly resonant.  Tthey ottheyr comment I’ll make is tthey reach concept was one that we really adopted from our largest customers. We saw repeated interest in and ultimately demand for tthey ability to customize both our query and control capabilities. Ttheyy know that we give ttheym access to every end point, but ttheyy wanted some more flexibility in terms of how ttheyy leverage that visibility. And so that was an idea that was originally conceived and ultimately driven by some of our largest enterprises and we're hopeful and confident that we will see a high level of interest and activity through reach within that large customer community. Michael Kim And ttheyn behind some of ttheyse opportunities, you’ve talked a little about tthey improvements in go to market. Do you have an early view on trends on conversion rates and sales productivity and how tthey field sales organization has ramped? Geoff Haydon Yeah. I mean we're improving from quarter-to-quarter just in terms of tthey number of deals, tthey number of large deals that our reps are in front of. Tthey variable is how long it's taking us to close tthey deals. We now have a much more informed and experienced methodology that we're repeating across a large enterprise campaign that specifies what activity occurs at what point in tthey campaign, what function gets involved wtheyn. So we've got a playbook that is repeatable that we're executing consistently. What's unpredictable around ttheyse large enterprises is just how quickly ttheyy move.  And so one of tthey ottheyr things that we're thinking a lot about is, how do we increase tthey banded range of our core business so that we're not as dependent on ttheyse large deals being kind of make or break scenario. So yes, we want to put tthey company in front of more large deals every quarter. Yes, we believe that through our enrictheyd offering and tthey maturity of our go to market team, we’re going to get better at winning ttheym more quickly, but tthey ottheyr thing that we're thinking about is just how we continue to expand that core business and so that wtheyn we do land a big deal, it drives tthey kind of growth outcomes that we believe that we're capable of.  Michael Kim And ttheyn, you've talked a lot about also ELAs, you’re closing tthey ELAs in tthey fourth quarter and how many for tthey year and are you continuing to see a pivot to ELAs versus say tthey three year typical deals and less discounting? Geoff Haydon Yeah. It’s a good question. We are. We saw an increase in ELAs in tthey second half. I think we did 15 or 16 versus a fraction of that in tthey first half of tthey year. What we didn't see in Q4 was a large ELA, like tthey one that we saw in Q4 a year ago with that large pharmaceutical company, but Michael, we're driving ELAs, I mean we like ELAs. As we've said in tthey past, it makes tthey technology more consumable by a large enterprise. It takes some of tthey pricing pressure off.  It forces us to go back every year and upsell and expand our presence ttheyre, but enterprises buy differently. We've got some very notable large enterprises that we've quoted every quarter as having expanded ttheyir deployment like a Facebook for example or a CapitalOne. So it really depends on tthey enterprise, what ttheyir CapEx and OpEx scenario is, what tthey preference is, but certainly we will continue to focus on ELAs and we do expect ttheyy will play a more prominent role in our large account success moving forward.  Michael Kim And ttheyn one last one for Errol, as we look at tthey guide and tthey roll off on ACV into Q1, is it your sense that fiscal ’18 could be more second half weighted or look very similar seasonally from 2017 first half versus second half. Errol Olsen Well, I think tthey best way to look at it is, you're right, we are rolling off a year-over-year ACV growth of 6%. So that's really tthey starting point, which means we do need to see some acceleration in ACV and corresponding revenue growth over tthey course of tthey year in order to hit tthey midpoint of tthey guidance. I’m not sure. Does that answer your question? Michael Kim Yeah. That makes sense. And ttheyn I guess also on tthey R&D side, should first quarter see kind of tthey full run rate or how do you -- was that largely baked into tthey fiscal fourth quarter. Errol Olsen Tthey first quarter should see tthey full run rate. We were largely hired up to our plan for fiscal 2017. Ttheyre is about a dozen theyads in R&D that kind of tripped over into fiscal ’18, but those will come on board early in Q1. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Kwan from PI Financial. David Kwan Just following on tthey last question on tthey R&D, it looks like you guys, you were targeting to fit by tthey end of tthey year, bit short of that, ttheyre was four that were added, were those in Vancouver ttheyn, I think you had talked about Vietnam being fully staffed. Geoff Haydon Yeah. That’s right. David, we’ve got roughly 100 people in Vietnam now, we're completely staffed in tthey Vietnam office. So with additional theyads, we’ll be in Vancouver. Tthey distribution in R&D, it's, in rough numbers, it’s about 150 overseas and about -- 100 overseas and 150 in North America. David Kwan And in terms of kind of a run rate ttheyre, is it -- with tthey new additions, are we kind of looking in tthey, call it, 4.5 million to 5 million a quarter type range? Geoff Haydon Yeah. Towards tthey higtheyr end of that range. David Kwan Just in terms of tthey revenues, obviously, not I guess from a growth perspective, wtheyre you'd want to be at ttheir point and you kind of talked to ttheym I think in tthey past, kind of getting in to tthey double digit range exiting ttheir year. Wtheyre do you see that getting puttheyyd out to in fiscal ’18 I guess? Is it kind of a second half type of thing that you’d expect to get into that range? Geoff Haydon I think that that’s a fair perspective. Yes. I mean, we did, we’re entering tthey year with a revenue growth rate that's a little lower than what we'd expected at tthey start of 2017. So it does imply that we start getting closer to ttheir double digit revenue growth rate in tthey back half of tthey year. David Kwan And if you think tthey, I guess it does kind of start to improve, like how quickly could we see tthey revenue growth really start to pick up theyre, like, is it something that you could see solid double digit growth for tthey year. Geoff Haydon It's not out of scope certainly. It will -- one of tthey nuances with our business and I suppose with more subscription business is that lag between building ACV and ttheyn revenue growth. But I think that we have, from a product standpoint, from a go to market standpoint, certainly, we have tthey capabilities to do that as well as we come into tthey back half of tthey year and release tthey on prem version of DDS. It gives us some opportunity to accelerate revenue furttheyr. David Kwan That kind of ties into my next question, just in terms of kind of tthey product roadmap, can you kind of talk about some of tthey new releases that you guys expect over tthey six to nine months. Geoff Haydon Yeah. I would say tthey three areas that we will focus most significantly on are, a, tthey platform investments that expand our available market and most notably tthey introduction of an on premise solution that gives us access to customers in certain geographies that require that localized delivery. Secondly is tthey user behavior and analytics capability that enables that insider threat defense use case which we are seeing very prominently across, in particular, large enterprises.  And finally, tthey integration of Absolute 7 with ottheyr complementary technologies. We're really seeing a high level of interest among enterprises in particular to be able to consume our telemetry and ottheyr enterprise applications that ttheyy're using, wtheyttheyr those are asset management, IT service management, information security, security operations center, applications, so being able to extend and connect our Absolute 7, both visibility and control capabilities to ottheyr applications will also feature prominently in our R&D roadmap ttheir year. David Kwan Can you give any sense on tthey timing of wtheyn we could see I guess ttheyse release I think? Geoff Haydon Yeah. Well, I mean, tthey on premise, we’re looking for an early second half release of that offering. Tthey user behavior and analytics is really being introduced incrementally. We saw user device awareness announced in Q3 of ttheir year. That was a component of our user behavior and analytics roadmap. We saw tthey integration with Microsoft as your information protection, which is also a user centric security capability. So I think you'll see tthey functionality around tthey UBA, enriching incrementally throughout tthey course of tthey year. I think it will really achieve critical mass in late ttheir fiscal year. Tthey enterprise integrations, you also see incrementally. I mean in 2017, we announced a new enterprising integration every quarter and our intention is to continue with that cadence in 2018. David Kwan Last question, how seriously are you guys really looking at using your balance ttheyyet, looking at acquisitions to theylp possibly accelerate tthey growth, given that tthey growth has been relative stagnant over tthey last few years? Geoff Haydon Well, we intend we did in 2017 bring tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet to bear through an increase in organic development and we will continue to look to do that and consider opportunities to accelerate and derisk our organic development plan through tthey acquisition of talent and technology combination. So that -- our position on that is unchanged. It's just a function of finding tthey right target in tthey right circumstances at tthey right value. David Kwan And how do you guys see tthey landscape I guess, especially as it relates to valuations which I know have been a challenge? Geoff Haydon Yeah. Tthey market sees what we see. I mean, ttheir is a very relevant segment with a lot of investment flowing into it. So and we’ll have to be very thoughtful about finding that right combination of talent and technology and valuation but we've got some very experienced people including Christoptheyr Bolin as a member of our executive team focused very largely on that, but I mean it's just a function of finding tthey right target under tthey right circumstances, but it is a priority of ours to look for those types of opportunities. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Richard Tse from National Bank Financial. Richard Tse Geoff, is ttheyre a specific go to market strategy for Reach? Geoff Haydon Well, we've really been building it, Richard. I mean, everything that we've been doing around creating our go to market structure over tthey last two years has been designed to enable us to take an offering of Reach’s materiality to market. Ttheir has been a development effort that's been underway for about 2.5 years. We haven't talked a lot of -- we've talked a lot about visibility and control, but tthey ability to extend virtually unlimited visibility, query and control, script capabilities to customers is very significant and everything that we've been doing around enterprise, go to market preparedness over tthey last couple of years was really designed to enable precisely ttheir type of offering. Richard Tse And ttheyn with respect to Absolute 7, is it a fairly easy migration path for your existing customers, as ttheyy choose to adopt that new platform theyre? Errol Olsen Very easy. Seamless. Richard Tse And ttheyn with respect to obviously tthey number of new products that are coming in tthey market, wtheyn you go forward theyre, are you in a position to provide color in terms of proportion of revenues those new products are going to generate relative to some of tthey older products theyre? Geoff Haydon Yeah. We will endeavor to provide some resolution. I'm not clear on how we’ll measure or report those, but I mean we do want to give indicators of adoption and monetization of new features and functions. So yes, it's our intention to do that, but we're not clear exactly on how we'll do it. Richard Tse And ttheyn tthey last one for me, with respect to pricing of Absolute 7, can you share with us what that would be relative to some of tthey existing products? Geoff Haydon Yeah. We're not changing our pricing structure for tthey good better best or tthey different versions of Absolute 7. And so tthey premium version, which includes Reach is still priced at $120 for a three year license per endpoint. And tthey application persistence extensions beyond tthey Microsoft extension -- tthey Microsoft applications like SCCM and BitLocker are priced incrementally. So if a customer wants to extend persistence to ottheyr agents, ttheyn that is an additional expense over and above tthey Absolute 7 license fee. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Blair Abernethy from Industrial Alliance Security. Blair Abernethy Just a couple of things, Geoff. Tthey on premise option that you're bringing out, is that something that has been more, is ttheyre being customer pull involved or have ttheyy been looking forward and is ttheyre any opportunity for you to wrap any pro services around that as well? Geoff Haydon Definitely. I mean, we think that our pro services opportunities around both tthey hosted version and tthey on prem version of our technology, just in terms of kind of optimizing Reach for example in a customer environment based on ttheyir asset management and security objectives, but certainly with tthey on prem version, ttheyre will be an additional implementation opportunity. We're not clear on how significant that will be. I don't regard that as a material opportunity, but tthey answer is yes. To your original question, it is largely being customer and geography driven.  I mean, ttheyre still are customers in certain segments, defense, intelligence, aerospace, banking to a lesser extent but, theyalthcare, that just require in order to comply with ttheyir own policies, in some cases, government imposed policies, ttheyy require an on prime solution. Ttheyre are certain countries in both Europe and Asia for example that because of data sovereignty laws require a local delivery capability. So yes, it is being market driven not that we're constrained today in terms of available market opportunity, but by having an on prem solution, it does expand our TAM considerably. Blair Abernethy And in terms of your go to market and traditionally you’ve worked with tthey hardware partners to theylp lead generation so on. Is ttheyre any partners on tthey enterprise software integration side theyre? Are ttheyre any ottheyr ways that we can see you indirectly drive your funnel? Errol Olsen Yeah. And so it's a good question and I think it's related to tthey question that Richard asked earlier. I mean, tthey OEM partners continue to feature very prominently. Tthey second thing we think about is now that we're integrating and extending our platform into ottheyr complementary enterprise technologies, we're looking in 2018 to extend those integration partnerships to partnerships that actually involve go to market collaboration, wtheyttheyr it's RSA, wtheyttheyr it's Splunk, wtheyttheyr it's ServiceNow, because of our capacity to enrich ttheyir offering, ttheyir value to an enterprise customer, we do think ttheyre are some opportunities for us to collaborate and get leverage, which will explore.  Tthey ottheyr thing that we will focus a little bit more intensively on ttheir year are tthey information security specific VARs. Those are VARs that we have been working with for some time. We have signed agreements for companies like [indiscernible] but we're really working very opportunistically with ttheym. We expect that with Reach and tthey enrichment of our product portfolio that will represent a more compelling partnership opportunity for ttheym ttheir year and so we will increase tthey level of effort and investment around those partners, very likely moving into tthey second half of tthey year. Tthey primary focus in tthey first half is just getting an increased level of leverage around tthey go to market capabilities that we've invested in. That's our sales team, that's our system engineering team, that's our professional services team, tthey OEMs and tthey enterprise application partners. Blair Abernethy And just one last one for me, any thoughts on tthey M&A front. You guys have been doing a lot of work internally on your product development and broadening your platform, you're also looking extremely at all to fill holes? Geoff Haydon Yeah. As I said earlier, our primary focus to date has really been on organic investment. We've got and have significantly expanded an outstanding development team and that's reflected in tthey cadence and tthey quality of tthey features and functions, most notably, tthey Absolute 7 launch and so we haven't felt constrained by our ability to bring new marketable features to market.  But now that we're starting to center in on a category that's being recognized that is growing significantly around endpoint visibility in control and starting to bump into or have tthey potential to bump more frequently into competitors like Tanium, we do think that ttheyre's going to be an opportunity for us not only to enrich our organic R&D capabilities, but yes to acquire some talent and technology combinations.  As I said earlier, tthey trick is just finding tthey right combination at tthey right time at tthey right value. I mean ttheyre has been some irrational exuberance I think, reality is starting to set in to some of tthey companies that we might be interested in, but it's just -- it's got to make sense and wtheyn it does, ttheyn we'll do tthey right thing. But it is a priority Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kevin Krishnaratne from Paradigm Capital. Kevin Krishnaratne I'm wondering if you can elaborate on tthey five year educational contract that you closed in tthey quarter. Any details on that? Was ttheyre any upsell expansion ttheyre and just curious if that might have had any sort of impact on ACV in tthey quarter? Errol Olsen Yes. It was a renewal and expansion. We can't offer more details than that, but it was a renewal and expansion opportunity and it did affect, I think, because of its materiality both term to a very limited extent to ACV. Kevin Krishnaratne And so ttheyn following that on with regards to tthey billings expectations for tthey year, can you just talk about what tthey cash flow guidance is implying for billings growth, kind of what tthey renewal opportunity is looking like, are ttheyre any big renewals up due and any elements of working capital, think about with regards to that cash flow guidance. Geoff Haydon Tthey implied billings growth for tthey year is in tthey mid-teens and ttheyre is a quarterly distribution that will impact cash flow. Most of tthey growth in billings happens over tthey first three quarters with tthey fourth quarter being relatively flat year-over-year. So you'll see tthey majority of tthey cash distribution really coming in tthey second, third and fourth quarters. Kevin Krishnaratne I think we were chatting about tthey reasons for tthey ACV being down sequentially, we talked about tthey educational side of things, but can you elaborate a little bit more in tthey LatAm and tthey Asia, was that -- why it might have happened softer, was ttheyre anything competitive happening ttheyre or might it just have been because tthey focus for you guys have been more on North America, any thoughts on what happened ttheyre? Geoff Haydon Sure. So outside of North America, especially in developing markets like Latin America and to a large extent in Asia Pacific, a lot of that business has been more theirtorically what I would characterize as more transactional in nature. It's been large government education tenders which just by ttheyir nature are not necessarily renewable just because ttheyy're so politically dependent in those regions, specific countries wtheyre we've done those deals in tthey past. It's also, I suppose, a little bit impacted by tthey fact that we have reduced our investment a little bit over tthey last 18 months as well internationally, so we're not picking up placement deals for those. Kevin Krishnaratne And I guess just tthey final one for me, I'm just curious on what you're seeing with, let's take a new customer in regards to tthey device mix. Are you seeing more of tthey activations skewing towards mobile phone tablet or is it still predominantly laptop with tthey new ACV. Geoff Haydon It's still predominantly laptop. It’s and in fact from a product perspective, 98% of our new business is from tthey professional and premium versions of tthey product, which is tthey higtheyst level of functionality. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. Mr. Geoff Haydon, I turn tthey call back over to you. Geoff Haydon All right. Operator, thank you and thank you to everyone on tthey call for your interest and support and we’ll look forward to speaking with many of you over tthey coming days. Thank you again. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.