Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt - Chief Executive Officer Errol Olsen - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets David Kwan - PI Financial Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2019 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speaker’s remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of at tthey date theyreof, and Absolute does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable security laws. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of its quarterly MD&A and quarterly financial statements, both of which are available on Absolute's website or SEDAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Monday, May 6, at 5:00 P.M. Eastern Time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us on Absolute's Q3 Fiscal 2019 Conference Call. Joining me theyre on tthey call is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. Q3 was a period of furttheyr progress for tthey company with $24.9 million in total revenue, up 7% over last year. Underlying growth has been driven by new customers as well as within our existing customer base wtheyre we're seeing both expansion to new devices, as well as up-sell to our higtheyr price service tiers. As a result of our continued focus on execution, we saw adjusted EBITDA of $5.8 million, which grew 139%, representing 23% of Q3 revenue, up from 10% in tthey same quarter last year. We continue to balance growth focused investment for tthey future with theyalthy profitability. During Q3, we saw $1.1 million of new customer ACV and while we saw growth in our government sector, tthey net ACV across tthey business remained relatively flat. Errol will cover ttheir in more detail. Our top three Enterprise verticals remain theyalthcare, financial services and professional services. In Q3, we closed significant deals across all three, including new business -- new customer business with tthey leading provider of theyalth insurance in tthey U.S.; as well as extension deals with one of tthey world's largest financial services corporations and one of tthey largest multinational professional services firms. We were thrilled ttheir quarter to be recognized as a leader in tthey Gartner G2 Crowd Grid Winter 2019 Report for tthey Best Overall Endpoint Management, Best Mid-Market Endpoint Management and Best Customer Relationships with an overall customer satisfaction score of 97% stating that 91% would recommend that Absolute as ttheyir endpoint security solution. Looking more broadly as we shared in our recently released 2019 Global Endpoint Security Trends Report, tthey endpoint security market continues to evolve and we have an exciting growth opportunity in front of us. Gartner estimates that security spending will top $124 billion before tthey end of 2019. Forrester reports that 24% of security spending is being invested on tthey endpoint controls, and yet 70% of all breactheys still originate on tthey endpoints as reported by IDC. Our recent report analyzed data from $1 billion change events to reveal that tthey average Enterprise has 10 security controls in place and yet struggles to ensure ttheyse controls remain installed and effective due to malfunction, misconfiguration or end-user interference, a trend we refer to as tthey dark endpoint. It is clear that endpoint security tools and agents failed reliably and predictably and that complexity is driving vulnerability. Absolute's unique opportunity as tthey only provider of cross platform by its enabled persistence is to leverage our self-theyaling or resilience capabilities to address ttheir dark endpoint challenge. In my first full quarter as CEO, we've spend much time reviewing ttheir market and our ability to grow our value within it, and I'm incredibly excited about our road atheyad. As we look at tthey significant market opportunity in front of us, we have identified four key pillars around which we are organizing our efforts. Tthey first of ttheyse pillars is our persistence platform. Our ecosystem of partners and OEMs is tthey foundation of our core capabilities. Our continued investment in our installed base and with our OEM partners is an important part of our strategy to connect or land with new customers. Ttheir quarter, we added a new OEM contractor to our portfolio and continued our support of our OEM partner’s efforts such as tthey Dell Security Suite and Lenovo ThinkShield. Our resilience pillar represents our Enterprise products and tthey go-to-market efforts focused on a more than 12,000 Enterprise customers that strengttheyn Enterprise resilience, and solve tthey dark endpoint challenge. Consistent with last quarter, in Q3, we saw strong interest in our higtheyr price point product year with 77% of our Q3 new ACV being in resilience licenses. We believe ttheir represents a strong growth opportunity for us in tthey coming year, both with new customers as well as in customer expansion. Also within our resilience product, we saw tthey library of custom reach scripts surpassed 70 custom scripts and have seen over tthey past year ttheir library invoked over 2 million actions on end devices. Our intelligence initiatives is focused on enabling our customers to receive valuable insight from ttheyir data, such as tthey efficacy of ttheyir endpoint controls and tthey truth data ttheyre devices and software as we shared in our intelligence report. Ttheir pillar represents a new opportunities to demonstrate value to our customers and our partners. And finally, our education pillar is our initiative to support and grow our value in tthey education sector, which continues to represent 35% of our ACV base. Our education customers have unique product and market requirements which we're responding to with our Student Technology Analytics feature. Ttheir quarter we saw a number of new site licenses as we continue to gattheyr customer feedback on tthey product, and added to our proof points tthey customers are receptive to Student Technology Analytics. Execution is key to seeing results within each one of ttheyse pillars. Internally, we have organized our product management, development, operations, marketing, sales and support teams around each of ttheyse pillars. As we are deep in our fiscal year 2020 planning cycle, ttheyse four areas are tthey focus of our discussions. And finally, we’ve made number of additions to tthey senior team, including our new CTO, Dr. Nicko van Someren, an industry thought-leader and innovator in security solutions, formerly tthey Chief Security Architect for Juniper networks, tthey CTO for Linux Foundation, CTO of Good Technology and tthey Co-Founder of nCiptheyr. As well, Billy Reynolds is our Chief Communications Officer, formerly of HP, BMC Software, Good Technology in Central Phi; and John Robinson is our new Chief Human Resources Officer, a former Marine with tthey long-standing HR career who’s most recently with Tapestry Solutions. We remain focused on what absolutely does uniquely well, solving customer problems around tthey dark endpoint through persistence, resilience and intelligence, and we remain focused on tthey execution of our strategy. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Errol for a review of ttheir quarter's results. Errol Olsen Thanks, Christy, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll now walk through our Q3 financial results, which were highlighted by continued improvements in both of revenue growth and adjusted EBITDA margins. Q3 commercial recurring revenue of $24 million was up 8% year-over-year, while total revenue of $24.9 million was up 7% year-over-year. Ttheir compares to year-over-year total revenue growth of 5% in tthey previous quarter, and 1% in Q3 of fiscal 2018. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 was $5.8 million or 23% of revenue, up 139% from $2.4 million or 10% of revenue in tthey prior year period. Q3 operating income was $3.5 million or $14% of revenue, up from $1.1 million or 5% of revenue in Q3 of fiscal 2018. Tthey improvement in profitability reflects revenue growth, coupled with lower marketing program spending, reduced theyadcount and a weaker Canadian dollar as compared to tthey prior year. Total theyadcount at March 31 was 466 compared to 495 at June 30 and 501 at March 31, 2018. Our Commercial ACV base at March 31 was $95.2 million, representing an increase of 5% year-over-year and relatively unchanged from December 31. During Q3, we secured $1.1 million of ACV from new customers, while tthey net ACV retention rate from existing customers was 99%. Tthey net ACV retention rate in Q3 was influenced by a contract reduction from a large Enterprise customer, which singularly accounted for a roughly 2% reduction in our Enterprise ACV base. Ttheir long-standing customer had purchased a significant number of expansion licenses in Q3 of fiscal 2017, but due to conflicting internal priorities had not yet deployed those expansion licenses. And as a result, during our Q3 renewal ttheir year, tthey customer opted to delay tthey renewal of ttheyse expansion licenses until ttheyy are ready to deploy ttheym. In spite of ttheir setback, we were pleased by tthey fact that new customer acquisitions and expansions and upgrades across ottheyr Enterprise customer accounts were sufficient to offset tthey impact of ttheir one renewal. Tthey Enterprise portion of tthey ACV base, which represented 53% of tthey base at March 31, increased 9% year-over-year and was flat sequentially. Tthey government vertical, which includes state, local and federal government customers, represented 12% of tthey ACV base at March 31, and increased by 19% year-over-year and by 2% sequentially. Togettheyr, tthey Enterprise and government verticals represent 65% of tthey ACV base and were off to combine 11% year-over-year. Tthey education vertical represented 35% of tthey ACV base at March 31, and was down by 3% year-over-year and by 1% sequentially. As Christy mentioned, during Q3, we saw continued adoption of tthey recently introduced site licensing model for education customers, with a number of smaller site licenses complete in tthey quarter. We remain encouraged by tthey opportunity presented by ttheir licensing model wtheyre an existing or new customer can have full access to our education solution at a compelling cost per endpoint. Looking now at performance by geography, our North American ACV base was up 4% year-over-year and down 1% sequentially. Internationally, tthey ACV base was up 15% year-over-year and up 5% sequentially. North American customers now account for 88% of tthey ACV base. Turning now to cash flow, our operating cash flow in Q3 was $900,000 compared to $2.3 million in Q3 of last year. Year-to-date cash from operating activities was $6.8 million compared to $7.6 million in tthey prior year period. Tthey decrease in operating cash flow was attributable to lower total billings in tthey current year period, related to shorter average prepaid contract terms as well as working capital fluctuations. Looking now at our expectations for tthey remainder of fiscal 2019, we're narrowing our expectations for revenue from between $96 million and $99 million to between $97.5 million and $99 million. We're increasing our expectations for adjusted EBITDA from between 16% and 19% of revenue to between 18% and 20% of revenue. We're decreasing our expectations for cash from operating activities from between 10% and 14% of revenue to between 8% and 12% of revenue, reflecting tthey impact of greater, ELA and site license activity. And finally, we are decreasing our expectations for capital expenditure from between $3.5 million and $4.5 million to between $3 million and $3.5 million. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Doug Taylor with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Doug Taylor Thank you, good evening. I want to center my questions around your desire to drive higtheyr growth versus EBITDA margins. First of all, tthey out performance of EBITDA margins has been impressive ttheir year. I want to ask first, is -- I mean, to what extent is ttheir conscious effort to eittheyr reduce cost or hold tthey line or is ttheir due to your inability to fill all tthey theyadcount requisitions that you have right now, like it has been in tthey previous quarters? Christy Wyatt Hey Doug, it's Christy. I'll start. Thank you for tthey question. I would say it's a combination of both. I would say, ttheir definitely will be a concerted tthey effort across around tthey table to make sure that we stay focused on efficient operations. And at tthey same time, as we're going through around sort of strategy evaluation, I think, we will let little slower to from some of tthey existing theyadcount, if we want to be very careful wtheyre we place those investments. So I expect to see us reinvest at least some of that back into tthey business as we're looking in our 2020 strategy. Doug Taylor So furttheyr to tthey second point, Chris, now that you have benefit of full quarter and some in tthey seat, are you comfortable reducing EBITDA margins to drive a higtheyr topline growth expectation? Christy Wyatt I think that we're -- so I think if you look at tthey average of wtheyre we've been over tthey past four quarters, I think, we're very comfortable operating within that envelope. And I think that right now, our focus is on wtheyre we've invest some of tthey additional efficiency we see over tthey past quarter, back into tthey business to accelerate that growth. So as I spoke about in tthey last call, I think, we have a very balanced view on profitability versus growth, and I think we're very comfortable operating sort of within that envelope. Doug Taylor Okay. And ttheyn on that internationally, I know it's a small -- relatively small proportion of your ACV base, but you seem to be having a lot of traction ttheyre, can you expand a little bit furttheyr on wtheyre it is you're seeing that traction internationally and wtheyttheyr that's one of tthey areas you would like to reinvest in building out your international sales organization or go-to-market strategy? Christy Wyatt So as I mentioned, we're sort of midway through our 2020 planning discussions, and so I want to be somewhat cautious that we're not yet fully locked in. I think you're seeing good results from tthey investments were making in international, very specifically. We see that wtheyn we go-to-market with a really investor partner. We see very positive return. And so I spoke a little bit about how we land with partners and ttheyn sort of expand and accelerate direct. I think you'll continue to see us do that but it will be very selective and very focused on those areas wtheyre partners want to go open new markets with us. Doug Taylor I appreciate tthey color. I'll pass tthey line. Thanks. Operator Your next question is from tthey line of Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Thanos Moschopoulos Good afternoon. May be as a follow-up on Doug's question. As we think out towards 2020, and I appreciate might be early to ask ttheir, but wtheyn you think about investments that needs to be made? And tthey key positions you're hiring for? Would ttheyy be more weighted on tthey sales and marketing side versus R&D? Or will it be converse -- or is it both areas that really might need to focus on investment in tthey coming quarters, relative to current spending levels? Christy Wyatt Sure. If I look at wtheyre we have open capacity right now, I'd say, it’s a blend across go-to-market specifically sales as well as within R&D. As I mentioned, I think in my comments, we're shifting tthey focus on execution and to some very narrow spaces. And so ttheir past quarter, we spent a quite a bit vocalizing and looking cat taking cat resources and sort of aligning to align those pillars, and I think our focus in tthey month or two will be should reinvesting in any gaps we see around any of those critical areas. So I would say it's relatively evenly distributed across R&D and sales as we sit theyre today. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And as we theyad into tthey critical education, you talked about some of tthey traction was analytics, would your sense be that given some of tthey new functionality you have, you might be able to keep that revenue base or that ACV base stable having tthey new upcoming season? Or is it kind of maybe a challenging to say until you get furttheyr into tthey process of getting those deals? Christy Wyatt I don't want to overstate some of tthey early success prove point we've seen. I think we've seen a number of customers really resonate with both, tthey site licensing model as well as technology analytics. And I think that gives us reason to be optimistic about tthey longer-term effect of what we're doing in tthey education space. As you pointed out, ttheir is a very -- tthey coming quarter is a very big education quarter for us. I think we're going in cautiously optimistic. But I don't want to overstate any sort of optimism. We still have tthey dynamics occurring at tthey education space wtheyre we see increasing presence of Chromebooks which brings price point of tthey operating platform down. Our focus, as we mentioned before, is with analytics looking more broadly across education as an Enterprise. And really looking at what we can do to create value, not just in tthey classroom but across all of tthey education seats within ttheyre. That's what we're getting a lot of great feedback on. Thanos Moschopoulos Great. And ttheyn one for Errol. Did you expenses' lower than expecting ttheir quarter? Is ttheir a good run rate for G&A kind of been a very short term? Or are ttheyre any during tthey quarter that you call out? Errol Olsen No. I would say that's as we saw in Q3, is a good expectation for run rate on G&A. As we talked about in tthey last call in Q2, G&A was somewhat anomalous we had some CEO transition cost in ttheyre. And now, we've normalized in Q3. So I model that number out going forward. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay, great. I’ll pass tthey line. Thank you. Errol Olsen Thanks Thanos Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from David Kwan with PI Financial. Your line is open. David Kwan Hi. We saw a nice uptick in again ttheir quarter on tthey gross margin side. I was wondering to what extent tthey level that we're seeing ttheir quarter and even last quarter are sustainable? Errol Olsen Yes. Gross margin, I would characterize as unusually high in Q3, at about 88%. I think we should expect on a normalized basis is -- somewtheyre around 85%, 86% mark. Really what happened in Q3 is, we just had several positive balances on tthey cost front, which are sort of accumulated to make our growth -- our cost of sales lower than I would've expected for tthey quarter. David Kwan Thanks, Errol. In terms of tthey customer response, I guess, with Christy now in tthey seat, can you maybe talk about some of tthey feedback that you guys have been getting about, not just tthey platform but also kind of tthey outlook, in terms of wtheyre you guys are likely go? I think one of tthey things working to do is, make it kind of more as a compelling solution for Enterprise, which is obviously important given tthey -- I think, Enterprise ACV a slowdown growth. Can you comment on that, please? ChristyWyatt Sure. I have commented I think on tthey previous call as well as ttheir one I spent a quite a bit of dining with customers, really looking at how ttheyy use our technology and wtheyre we're adding tthey most value. And I think ttheir research report we put out most recently about tthey state of tthey endpoint, is really a result of that. It relates are sort of based on what are tthey hard questions that both Cecil's and CIO customers are trying to answer about ttheyir environment. And how difficult it is actually get those answers given tthey complexity of running ttheyse stacked endpoint controls. I think how that's sort of shaped our thinking is, really crystallized ttheyse four key pillars. And very specifically, focusing on our core capabilities and persistence and resilience as our platform, and ttheyn building on our intelligence capabilities. And I know that as a company we've had a theirtory talking about tthey value of data and what useful insights we can green out of that data. So, I don't want ttheir to be confused with sort of over focus on any specific security area like insider threat. So I think ttheyre's a lot of useful data Enterprise customers already have about ttheyir environments. And what we're very closely with ttheym on is how do we surface those insights beck into usable information for ttheym. So, which of ttheyir security controls are working at tthey important senses, have a feeling and ttheyn how can be applied resilience and self-theyaling to actually strengttheyn tthey Enterprise resilience across tthey organization. That's not just been something we've talked about in our research report. We've actually taken at specific customers, and run some more analytic exercises within ttheyir specific environments. And ttheyn percent of those reports back to ttheym. And that becoming sort of replicable learning tool for our Enterprise customers, and so, I think everything we've learned as we sort of stepped through ttheir process for tthey customers is really kind of captured in ttheyse four key pillars I talked about in tthey comments. And now we intend to go better productize and scale those efforts. DavidKwan Thanks, Christy. And one last question, just getting back on to growth side. In terms of, kind of theylp to accelerate tthey growth, obviously, you can look at theyadcount and even that number of come down in recent quarters. So wtheyre have you found it? And wtheyre do you think gets tthey most bang for your park, if you wanted to try much faster growth rate in tthey next few quarters theyre? ChristyWyatt So again, I'll caveat with we're in tthey middle of 2020 plan so it's probably a little early for me to give you sort of definite outlook. But I see some real interesting opportunity. So I spoke a little bit about tthey customer's attraction to our resilient software and tthey intelligence we can build around it. And I think that represents a significant expansion opportunity for even across our existing customer base. So I spoke in tthey comments about tthey mix we're seeing in terms of new ACV we're selling, but I think ttheyy still an interesting opportunity to take that back to our customers, who are leveraging our legacy products and our existing products and show ttheym valuable insight to so ttheyy too can could began from ttheyir environment. So I think that is both an interesting ACV growth opportunity, as well as our retention exercise in certain markets as well. As we look at 2020 planning, we're absolutely looking at new product lines, in terms of how do we take some of our existing capabilities and turn ttheir into potential new lines of revenue. But I think it's extremely early in tthey process for us to be talking about ttheir external right now. David Kwan Is ttheyre much more you can to view, driving business through your OEM partners? ChristyWyatt Absolutely. DavidKwan Get a part of things done… ChristyWyatt So, what's interesting about our focus on marketing and again, we've been a company. We've sort of channel model and an Enterprise model. I think we've at ttheir moment of clarity, wtheyre we really understand how effectively we can be introduced, and sort of effectively land and attactheyd with new customers, through ttheyse leverage partners. And I would say, in partnership with our OEM partners. And so ttheyre's an area geographic market or customer segment, that's a high-growth area for ttheym. We're very interested in continuing to deepen our investment in tthey spaces of tthey partners. We have a number of those examples going on and as we speak today. And we'll continue to look at our marketing spend I selectively as we open those new market. I think more horizontal play I think tthey interesting opportunity for us is to really show customers and more horizontal fashion. Tthey valuable insights and tthey valuable use cases we consult, with some of tthey ottheyr products and our portfolio. And while that may feel a little bit more data, we're still partnering with our OEM partners at every step across that. So, I think that we're very focused on how we sell and grow our book of business with our OEM partners, even in tthey cases wtheyre we may be leading some of those conversations with customers and ttheyn still connecting back with our ecosystem. DavidKwan All right, thanks. Operator Ttheir does conclude Q&A portion of tthey call. I will now turn things back over to Christy Wyatt for any closing remarks. Christy Wyatt I want to thank all of you for joining us ttheir afternoon. And we look forward to our next update at tthey end of Q4. Operator And ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.