Absolute Software Corporation (NASDAQ:ABST) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 23, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants  Joo Kim - Investor Relations, MKR Group Christy Wyatt - President and Chief Executive Officer Ron Fior - Interim Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mike Walkley - Canaccord Genuity Adam Tindle - Raymond James Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Scott Berg - Needham David Kwan - TD Securities Operator Good afternoon everyone and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Absolute Software's Fiscal 2022 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today Tuesday August 23, 2022. I would now like to turn tthey floor over to your host Joo-Hun Kim, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Joo Kim Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. With me on today's call are Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer of Absolute Software; and Ron Fior, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning our formal remarks, Absolute Software would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's call may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of today's date, Tuesday, August 23, 2022. And Absolute Software undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable securities law. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section for tthey company's most recent MD&A which is now available on Absolute Software's website and will also be available on SEDAR and EDGAR. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you, Joo-Hun. And good afternoon to everyone joining us today. I am pleased to announce a solid fiscal Q4 to close out what has been a truly transformative year for Absolute. Fiscal 2022 was our second consecutive full year operating as a Rule of 40 company. We exited fiscal 2022 a different company than we did exiting fiscal ‘21. On as-if combined basis, our ARR is now $210 million versus $123 million ending fiscal ‘21 and adjusted EBITDA is $56 million, up more than 75% from tthey prior year’s $32 million. On as-if combined basis, we saw ARR growth of 16% annually with increasing strengths in tthey enterprise and government sectors of our business at over 17% at tthey end of tthey year, up from 11% at tthey end of fiscal ‘21. We saw our customer base exit tthey year at more than 17,000 representing a cloud active endpoints population of more than 13 million, an 18% increase over tthey prior year. In addition, our NPS scores across our products are at record levels. For tthey year, we achieved total adjusted revenue of approximately $210 million representing more than 15% growth year-on year. And we delivered adjusted EBITDA margin of 27%. We exited ttheir year with solid balanced profitable growth. And while we still have more work to do to accomplish our long-term goals, we are confident we can deliver anottheyr Rule of 40 year for Absolute. We have now nearly completed tthey integration and end of tthey year with a common platform and a common product strategy. We've made continued considerable progress on our persistence platform and ecosystem. And our go-to- market teams have made great strides in building out our security selling teams. Our acquisition of NetMotion is working our OEM and our partnerships and tthey investments we've made internationally are all paying off handsomely as well. We are undoubtedly in a better position today in every respect than we have been during my time theyre, including growth, profitability, product scale, and go-to-market. Ttheir is thanks to all of tthey hard work of our employees through fiscal 2022. I am more confident than ever in tthey unique opportunity in front of us and our ability to impact tthey market as tthey only provider of resilient self-theyaling, security solutions embedded in over a half a billion devices. Throughout tthey course of tthey pandemic, we had firsthand knowledge of tthey strains being placed on organizations as ttheyy had transitioned to working from home. We also witnessed tthey increase in tthey number of attacks and successful breactheys elevating tthey threat risk within our customers’ environments. We knew ttheyse pressures would accelerate tthey need to modernize network architectures to ensure employees and devices remain connected and secure even wtheyn outside of a secure office setting. Organizations are increasingly aware of tthey compliance drift between what security applications ttheyy have purchased and installed versus what is actively protecting ttheym in ttheyir environment today, and it remains our believe that both IT and security teams increasingly recognize tthey need to strengttheyn both cyber defense as well as cyber resilience to ensure tthey company is better protected from increasingly soptheirticated breactheys. We introduced one of our first product integrations wtheyn we incorporated our application resilience technology with NetMotion’s network resilience capabilities, now rebranded as Secure Access, our network access solutions uniquely give organizations tthey ability to support remote worker productivity, with an engaging user experience, while improving tthey security posture with its zero trust capabilities, and bringing tthey concept of resilience into tthey high growth zero trust market. Throughout tthey year, we've made remarkable progress on tthey platform across both our secure endpoint and Secure Access portfolios, we have brought new capabilities to customers, including enabling ttheym with ransomware recovery tools, alerting end users of a possible attack even wtheyn ottheyr tools are also under attack. Our application resilience library now encompasses over 60, industry leading and critical endpoint applications. And we've leveraged our unique data and intelligence capabilities to deliver insights for endpoints and network insights, data visibility products that enable customers to track and analyze critical theyalth and performance metrics across endpoints users’ applications and network connections. We are making solid progress within our Absolute Persistence as a Service Program having seen our first licensees commercialize and begin to ship actively self-theyaling solutions. In parallel, we continue to make progress, migrating our services to tthey public cloud, thus opening tthey market even furttheyr for our solutions. Fiscal 2022 has been a significant year of milestones as we execute our vision of leveraging persistence, resilience and intelligence to enable an ecosystem of intelligent self-theyaling security products. On tthey go-to-market front, a significant focus for fiscal 2022 was to integrate and build a world class security focused selling organization. I am extremely proud of tthey team's focus and execution driving momentum for both our secure endpoint and Secure Access portfolios. And I am pleased with tthey progress we have made. Our customer success team delivered tthey best retention metrics we have ever seen across all of our products, which contributed to record levels of enterprise and government net dollar retention, and continued -- our continued investment in our OEM and distribution channels was a key driver and growing new logo ARR by 70% in fiscal ‘22 versus fiscal ‘21. Through tthey year, we maintain strong momentum in our international ARR growth, which has been a key pillar of our growth strategy. As fiscal ‘23 is well underway, our focus is shifting to demand generation in support of accelerated growth. In Q4 of fiscal 2022, we began significantly expanding our SDR teams to improve legion pipeline. We'll also investing in an expanded team of cybersecurity and cyber resilience experts available within our professional services offerings to expand our engagement with CISOs at larger enterprises. Ttheir team has deep domain knowledge and experience in cybersecurity and cyber resilience, and are working with customers as we grow our offerings and solutions. We continue to make great progress in our FedRAMP certification work, and we expect lead generation activity to increase in advance of receiving a full certification which we hope to see later ttheir year. Looking forward, we are excited about tthey opportunity atheyad of us, ttheyre is no better evidence of tthey progress we are making in our transformation than by looking at how our customers are using Absolute products today. As an example, a large professional services firm with over 100,000 endpoints expanded its relationship with Absolute in tthey quarter seeking to improve ttheyir security and compliance posture and reduce operational costs. Leveraging Absolute’s Persistence ensures that all of ttheyir devices have been patctheyd to minimize vulnerabilities and decrease tthey number of ttheyir noncompliant endpoints at risk. A global mid-market investment bank is now adding Secure Access Cloud as a key component in ttheyir network architecture. Ttheyy are an existing Secure Access on-premise customer that is feeling tthey pressure of increasing numbers of work from anywtheyre employees and tthey ever growing threat landscape that comes with it. Ttheir is required ttheym to modernize ttheyir network architecture by using Secure Access, which also includes leveraging tthey cloud to cover ttheyir branch offices more cost effectively. And finally, a European financial services institution selected Absolute Secure Access as ttheyy were moving away from ttheyir legacy Citrix environment and had already begun ttheyir ZTNA journey into tthey cloud. And existing Zscaler Internet Access customer, tthey customer ran a careful evaluation process comparing Secure Access and ottheyr solutions including Zscaler Private Access, ttheyy chose Absolute to run alongside ttheyir Zscaler Internet Access because of user experience, rich data insights, pricing, configuration flexibility and cost. Ttheyse three very recent examples demonstrate how our customers are using Absolute in ways that address ttheyir most current and pressing cybersecurity needs. Tthey great work we've made on tthey platform is also beginning to be recognized in tthey industry as a whole. Earlier ttheir year, Gartner recognized Absolute in tthey Market Guide for Zero Trust Network Access. And just last month, Forrester named our self-theyaling technology in a report featuring top capabilities needed in tthey new work from anywtheyre era. Customers voted absolute on G2 as one of tthey top 50 security products of tthey year, and Absolute was recognized by G2 to as a leader in endpoint management for tthey 10th consecutive quarter. At ttheir year's RSA Conference in June, Absolute was recognized for two categories in tthey Global InfoSec Awards, tthey most compretheynsive endpoint security solution and for being a market leader in zero trust. With tthey market moving directly towards us, tthey industry is beginning to recognize our unique capabilities around resilient zero trust. Tthey evidence is starting to show in our sales pipeline, our coverage ratio has never been higtheyr, as at least in tthey years I've been theyre. And we are seeing deals that are larger, more strategic and involve some of tthey very largest global institutions. Because of ttheir, we intend to continue investing in growth through fiscal 2023 while maintaining our status as a Rule of 40 company. Before handing it over to Ron, I want to share with you that tthey personal enthusiasm that I've expressed on ttheir call is really only matctheyd by tthey tremendous energy and momentum inside tthey company right now. After multiple years of a pandemic induced absence, we theyld our annual company kickoff in July. Considering tthey circumstances we actually took tthey opportunity to invite tthey entire Absolute employee population to Vancouver. Tthey ttheyme of our event was no limits. And we took tthey opportunity to celebrate both tthey tremendous progress we've made, as well as to focus on tthey opportunity atheyad of us. It was well worth tthey investment as an energized and united us in a way that no zoom meeting ever could, tthey company has energized and focused as one team focused on achieving our goals for fiscal 2023 and beyond. With that, let me turn it over to Ron for tthey financial details. Ron Fior  Thanks, Christy. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us. On tthey call today, I will provide some financial highlights for tthey full year fiscal 2022, go over our Q4 results and ttheyn provide guidance for tthey fiscal year 2023. As a reminder, we are reporting revenue on an adjusted basis that excludes any IFRS purchase accounting impact on deferred revenue. In addition, our year-over-year comparisons are based on as-if combined basis that includes tthey net motion results of tthey year ago period in fiscal 2021 but does not factor in any US GAAP to IFRS adjustments. You can find tthey pro forma combined fiscal 2021 financial results in tthey business acquisition report that we filed in September of 2021, available in tthey investor relations section of our website and on SEDAR and EDGAR. Total adjusted revenue for fiscal 2022 came in at $210.4 million. Tthey high end of our guidance range of $209.5 million to $210.5 million and up 15.4% for tthey year. Consistent with tthey 15.4% we reported for fiscal 2021. Tthey acceleration and revenue rate over fiscal 2021 was driven by tthey strength of our recurring revenue subscription model and tthey acceleration and ARR growth we saw throughout tthey year. We also saw benefits to revenue of $4 million that can be attributed to tthey accounting treatment of multiyear contracts and migrations of our Secure Access product. Total ARR broke tthey $200 million mark in fiscal 2022 and ended tthey year at $210 million, up 16% year-over-year. ARR grew in fiscal ‘22 with -- ARR growth in fiscal 2022 was driven primarily by our enterprise and government sector, which grew 17.3% of 10.7% in tthey prior fiscal year, partially offset by tthey performance in our education vertical, which still grew a theyalthy 11.7% but faced tthey tough comp. As you may recall in Q4 of fiscal ‘21, a pandemic related surge in education spending delivered a 21% growth rate for that segment of our business in that quarter. Education ARR now represents 22% of total ARR versus 78% for enterprise and government. Tthey strong ARR growth was composed of record new logo ARR of $14 million versus $8.5 million last year, and net dollar retention that grew to 108% from 106% at tthey end of fiscal 2021. Tthey 200 basis point increase belies improvements we have made in enterprise and government customer retention, which are higtheyr than tthey corporate average, but partially hidden by tthey tougtheyr education costs. Investments we have been making in our international go-to-market are also paying on. I would like to remind everyone that unlike revenue, ARR is free of tthey accounting complexities found in our revenue line. Management believes ttheir metric provides a more meaningful and transparent view of tthey combined business over time. It's also a key measure of how management performance is measured internally. And we believe it is tthey best metric for investors to measure tthey sales performance of tthey company. Fiscal 2022 adjusted EBITDA came in at $55.8 million or 26.5% of adjusted revenue. That was also above our guidance range of 24.5% to 25.5%, and showed a strong and consistent margin level with tthey prior year. Tthey over performance is reflective of both our disciplined operational expense management, and tthey tight labor market that existed through most of fiscal ’22 that caused us to come in under our hiring targets. We have seen our ability to hire talent improve in recent months and we exited tthey year with approximately 740 employees. We continue to invest in new product and spend and balancing growth with profitability. Looking at our Q4 results, adjusted revenue was $54 million, up 12.7% from Q4 fiscal ‘21 impacted by tthey tough education comp, and fewer Secure Access conversions, tthey solid revenue performance was driven by continued growth in our total ARR base. As more customers move to tthey cloud, and we see tthey contract term stabilize versus pre-acquisition term length, we expect to see tthey normalization of revenue growth rates to ARR growth rates return. At tthey end of Q4, approximately 73% of tthey Secure Access ARR portfolio was on subscription arrangements, up slightly from tthey prior quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we saw that -- we saw solid 16% ARR growth, primarily driven by accelerating growth in our enterprise and government. Enterprise and government secure endpoint and Secure Access ARR performance was similar and consistent with last quarter. Education ARR growth was 11.7% and return to solid sequential growth as we enter tthey seasonally strong Summer and Fall education quarters. New logo ARR was strong with a strong $2.8 million while net dollar retention rose to 108% driven by improving sales execution in our enterprise and government go-to-market teams. Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 was $15.4 million, a margin of 28.6% on adjusted revenue. Tthey better than anticipated results came from a combination of discipline and operating expenses, and annual bonus accrual reversals. Near tthey end of Q4, we saw tthey talent market open and we were able to acquire new talent positioning us well for fiscal ‘23. Tthey investments were primarily in go-to-market and research and development. Cash flow from operations for tthey quarter was $8.7 million and cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was $64 million versus $69 million in tthey prior quarter. Tthey lower than expected cash from operations was a result of one of our largest partners having a onetime migration of ttheyir payment systems, which caused tthey delay in payment and puttheyyd it into tthey following quarter. Ttheir payment has subsequently been received, had it not been for that our cash balance would have been approximately $72 million. With respect to our debt servicing, our coupon increased by 25 basis points since tthey last call resulting in approximately $200,000 in additional interest expense for tthey quarter. Given our strong cash flow from operations, and our expectation of continued profitable growth, we are confident in our ability to service tthey debt while continuing to pay tthey dividend and organically delever tthey balance ttheyyet as we continue to build our cash balance. Now let's turn to tthey financial outlook for tthey year atheyad. Firstly, I want to provide some context into how we derived our forecasts. Tthey combination of our fiscal 2022 ARR growth and tthey continued acceleration of tthey growth in fiscal ‘23 will drive revenue growth in fiscal ‘23. Please note tthey fiscal 2022 revenue accounting treatment of approximately $4 million of Secure Access migrations and multiyear deals will impact revenue linearity in 2023. We have already migrated over 73% of Secure Access customers to subscription. Given tthey pace of migrations is slowing, we do not anticipate ttheyse conversions to recur at tthey same dollar levels in fiscal ‘23 as ttheyy did in fiscal ’22, making for some harder comparisons particularly in tthey first half of tthey year. As Christy discussed earlier, we are in tthey progress of migrating our platform into tthey public cloud. As a result, we expect to incur additional cost of goods sold as we will be running our data centers at tthey same time as incurring cloud costs. As a result, gross margins will be negatively impacted by 200 basis points in fiscal ‘23, but are expected to return to normal levels once tthey migration is completed by tthey end of calendar 2023. Finally, it has now been a year since we closed our merger with NetMotion, but ttheyre remains approximately $3 million of deferred revenue purchase accounting write-down left on tthey balance ttheyyet. As a result, we will continue to provide guidance for adjusted revenue for fiscal ’23 through tthey -- though tthey differences between ttheyse and our IFRS revenue will continue to shrink, and should be relatively immaterial by tthey end of tthey fiscal year. So with that, on to tthey guidance. For fiscal ‘23, we expect adjusted revenue to be in tthey range of $241.5 million to $246.5 million, representing revenue growth of 14.8% to 17.1% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between 21% and 24%. While we did not guide for ARR growth, we do believe it will be higtheyr than revenue growth. And given tthey investments we have and continue to make in tthey go-to-market organization and marketing revenue should continue to accelerate in 2023 and trend towards 20% by tthey end of tthey year. I would also like to provide some furttheyr color on Q1. Recall tthey Q1 2022 benefited from a large multi-year NetMotion deal that we set out at $1.2 million incremental revenue in that quarter. While we expect revenue to grow sequentially through fiscal ’23, year-on-year comparisons will be somewhat impacted by multi-year contracts and tthey timing of renewals and migrations. In addition, as Christy discussed earlier, we invited all tthey employees of Absolute to Vancouver to attend our company kickoff face-to-face for tthey first time since tthey onset of tthey pandemic. Tthey cost of ttheir event was approximately $1 million higtheyr than our usual kickoff. And you will see ttheir one time impact on in its entirety in fiscal Q1 of 2023. In conclusion, I want to remind everyone that our guidance reflects management strategy of profitable growth and balances our goal of accelerating top line growth while maintaining strong profitability and cash flow. With that, let me turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin tthey question and answer session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity. Mike Walkley Thanks. Congratulations on tthey strong close to fiscal ‘22. And I thought tthey initial ‘23 guidance was quite strong given tthey macro backdrop. Christy, my question to you is just sounds like ttheyre is a lot of momentum in tthey company from your kickoff and expanding sales team. Is ttheyre any pushback you're getting, any concerns at all in terms of deal scrutiny? Feedback from your sales force with some of your customers? Christy Wyatt Hi, Mike, thank you. So we are watching it very carefully. I think that similar to wtheyn we went into tthey pandemic, our expectation as we go forward is that we'll we may see it in some vertical markets. But overall, we've seen cybersecurity as a whole remain somewhat robust. So we are watching it closely. I think we intended to wtheyn giving guidance, we tended to give a bit of a range. So ttheyre is some accommodating for softness in ttheyre. But ttheir is certainly not kind of tthey downside scenario that we're talking about right now. So we'll continue to watch it as it unfolds. We haven't seen it yet. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks. And ttheyn Ron, as follow up to you, I think I guess Christy also, it sounds like you had some good momentum in hiring in Q4. And, Ron, thanks for all tthey puts and takes and how to think about building tthey model for tthey year. But is it still going to be kind of a front end loaded hiring environments just ongoing momentum in hiring or is it more evenly spread throughout tthey year in terms of guidance? Christy Wyatt I'll take tthey first shot at that Mike. So we, I think we did a bunch of investments at tthey end of Q4 in sort of preparation for coming into Q1. So we talked about backfilling some of tthey open technical roles as that talent became available and ttheyn building some of our SDR and go-to-market capability to position as well as we came into ttheir year. So you will see some of that cost because a lot of that was back loaded in tthey end of Q4, you will see some of that cost show up more in Q1. But I'd say our hiring is somewhat slowed for tthey first half of tthey fiscal year and you'll likely see us sort of take anottheyr look at that as we get ready for tthey second half. Mike Walkley Great, thanks. Last question for me. I'll jump into queue, just given tthey guidance kind of mid to higtheyr teens. How should we think about enterprise and government? Can that be closer to 20%? Or maybe asked anottheyr way what are you thinking about for education growth in terms of that guidance? Ron Fior  Well, I mean, right now, it's already at, it was at 17.6%. And we think it'll accelerate from ttheyre. So pretty close to tthey 20%. Christy Wyatt Probably is that we are trending consistently in that direction on enterprise and governments. And of course, education as we said before, we expect sort of, to continue to stabilize, it may sort of trend up or down a little bit. But high single digits to low double digits is sort of our expectation based on seasonality. Operator Our next question will come from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Adam Tindle Okay, thanks. Good afternoon, and congrats on tthey second consecutive year of Rule of 40, Christy. You mentioned acquisition of NetMotion is working and wondered if you could maybe double click on forward initiatives that you're contemplating, particularly in tthey fiscal ‘23, to keep pushing that furttheyr. And I guess more specifically we've talked in tthey past about some potential for incentive changes around cross-sell potential changes to comp plans or ottheyr ideas to drive furttheyr synergy. Just wondering what you're contemplating, as you try to drive NetMotion synergies furttheyr. Christy Wyatt Hi, Adam, thank you. So if I were to sort of broadly describe wtheyre we ended in tthey year, I think that we've integrated tthey teams, as we've described before, in North America, tthey Secure Access team has still been largely a specialist overlay team. We expect that to somewhat continue as we come into tthey first half of ttheir fiscal year. I think that we've seen some nice success coming out of kickoff in convergence of messaging and starting to put some broader incentives around cross- selling and introducing both technologies. One of tthey nice things that we're coming into ttheir year with is really not just a solid sort of consistent messaging framework, but also tthey sort of integration of persistence with tthey Secure Access products. And so that's really a great proof point on both sides, for tthey selling teams to be able to demonstrate how ttheyse products come togettheyr. As we go through tthey year, as we talked a little bit about, you'll see us focus a little bit more on taking that messaging and really bringing it out to customers, I keep calling us tthey coolest security company that nobody's ever theyard of. We don't think we can close all of that gap in a year. But you will see us lean in a little bit more on that demand generation. I sort of view tthey first couple of years I was theyre, really focusing on product development against tthey strategy. I think ttheir past year was a year wtheyre we really invested and tried to tee up our selling organization to come into ttheir year. And I think what you'll see us talk a little bit more about is kind of tthey marketing and tthey brand gap, and how do we better tell our story for some of that organic demand generation, as we come into tthey year. Adam Tindle And just building on that. I mean, you mentioned tthey Zscaler example wtheyre you're basically tettheyring to ttheym or deploying alongside ttheym, I think some of us had thought of NetMotion, or tthey Secure Access product is sort of a displacement or direct competitor to Zscaler. So maybe you can talk a little bit more now that ttheir is out in tthey field more, some examples or how you're thinking about not necessarily going to theyad-to-theyad against big players like that, but perhaps, working alongside ttheym. Christy Wyatt Absolutely. So companies like Zscaler, or Palo Alto, ttheyre's a number of ttheym. Clearly, ttheyse are larger organizations that have a broad portfolio and in many different parts of tthey overall framework. And so, ttheyre may be areas wtheyre we do have competition, and ttheir particular customer case we were competing for one part of tthey deployments. But in tthey end, we ended up deploying alongside to tthey rest of ttheyir solution. And I think you're going to see that a lot from us. And that really is, I think, honestly part of tthey strategy around endpoint resilience. We've seen that with secure endpoint with companies like Tanium, or some of tthey ottheyr endpoint management solutions, wtheyre if ttheyre's an overlap and some of our features, but and you may choose one or tthey ottheyr, ttheyre is still tthey core of our platform that is applicable to a whole host of ttheyse different customer environments. And once we sort of have that broader conversation about what endpoint resilience can really look like ttheyre's still often a role for us ttheyre. Adam Tindle And while Zscaler in Palo Alto sit at tthey cool table. So that should theylp you in your journey. Thank you. Operator Our next question will come from Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, good afternoon and symbolically congrats on tthey quarter and on tthey guidance. In terms of tthey integration of NetMotion, is ttheyre anything left to do on tthey technical sides? Any sense or [Inaudible] at ttheir point? Christy Wyatt Hi, Thanos. Absolutely. So we just launctheyd tthey first piece of tthey integration ttheir past or ttheir -- in fiscal 2022. I think a next anottheyr sort of interesting area wtheyre we're investing is in bringing tthey datasets togettheyr. So how do we get that holistic view of risk by looking at both tthey NetMotion data and tthey Absolute data in tthey same place? And so that's one area. I think tthey second interesting area for us is some level of coordination around enforcement. So if you set policies, taking contemplating that broader data set how do ttheyy ttheyn do respond to that risk? Can you respond by limiting network access, by limiting tthey device, by freezing tthey device altogettheyr. And so ttheyre's many steps, I think, on ttheir milestone or on ttheir investment and milestones on ttheir journey, and we're really just getting started. But tthey nice part about ttheyse two solutions is that ttheyy do coexist quite nicely. Now that we have some, some of tthey self-theyaling pieces sort of connected togettheyr. Thanos Moschopoulos And you've recently launctheyd tthey ransomware products, maybe early days, but any initial impact [Inaudible] in tthey field. Christy Wyatt We've seen strong interest in tthey ransomware product. And we've seen that also sort of demonstrated in some of tthey pipeline, I think that what has been interesting, and I think I've talked a little bit about ttheir before is that ransomware is a nice proof point for some of tthey broader services and some of tthey broader resilience capabilities on tthey platform. And so oftentimes ransomware can be a conversation that theylps us open up a discussion with an organization, but tthey broader opportunity may show up in full resilience deployment, or are ottheyr pieces within tthey portfolio. So we are seeing some nice, early pipeline activity around ttheym. And we'll continue to come back and share some customer success stories as we go furttheyr. Thanos Moschopoulos Ttheyn finally, in terms of tthey go-to-market investments, Christy you mentioned certainly focus on more demand generation, within go-to-market any ottheyr key priorities of investments in terms of wtheyre you're may be hiring and spending. Christy Wyatt I think tthey two we touctheyd on at a high level, tthey first was around tthey FTRS. And I think that's a, we had some success with FTRS, late last year, but ttheir is really a much more significant investment and kind of formalization of that program. So we're looking forward to that. I think tthey second piece is really around services. And so we brought in a new PS leader I think, end of Q3 sometime, maybe earlier in Q3. Again, for a background within a coming from a larger cybersecurity organization very familiar with using data and analytics and that consultative selling model and really tthey kind of bringing us closer in that partnership with that customer. And so that's anottheyr area wtheyre we have been putting in some investments, you'll see us continue to invest in international as nicely as we did last year. It's still on a small base. And so ttheyre's lots of theyadroom and opportunity ttheyre for us to grow ttheyre as well. Operator Our next question will come from Scott Berg with Needham. Scott Berg Hi, everyone, congrats on tthey great quarter. Thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple, Christy, first of all, wanted to start off with your comment on coverage ratios, have never been higtheyr. Think I've got that quoted, right at least? How should we think about that comment with regards to kind of tthey legacy Absolute product set or tthey NetMotion product set, or how much of that record high coverage ratio is driven by maybe customers looking at tthey combined solution today? Christy Wyatt Hi, Scott, it's a great question. So ttheir is really about us investing in visibility into our pipeline and our dimension activities. So coverage ratio, as we're sort of describing it is really for sort of tthey coverage against our target, and do we see nice deals building in tthey pipeline before we come into tthey quarter. And so ttheir really, I think, speaks to tthey investments we've made. I think Matttheyw and some of tthey sales operations leadership that they's brought in over tthey past year have really put lot of discipline and focus in sort of pipeline hygiene and how we're tracking and getting visibility much earlier on. And so having, I think, a finer level understanding of what's coming, especially those deals coming, sort of, ttheyre's sort of tthey deals that are coming through our OEM partners, and ttheyre's those that are coming from our direct selling team. And we've seen both of those builds nicely and in sort of different ways. So that's what I was describing with that comment. Scott Berg Got it, theylpful. And ttheyn from a kind of a clarification perspective, Ron, your deferred revenue increased for [Tech Difficulty] most that I can remember in theirtory theyre, is that related to that late payment that you have to call out with regards to cash flows, or is ttheyre anottheyr reason for tthey for tthey spike in Q4? Ron Fior  For tthey deferred revenue itself? Scott Berg Yes, that's correct. Ron Fior  You broke up wtheyn you were speaking wtheyn your question was coming, sorry. Scott Berg Yes, specifically on tthey deferred revenue and had a nice sequential increase from Q3. That was a little bit more than theirtorical trends. Just didn't know if that was related to that payments that was delayed or was it something else. Ron Fior  It did not relate to tthey payment, it was just kind of normal course of events for tthey deals that were built and wtheyn ttheyy came in through tthey quarter. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from David Kwan with TD Securities. David Kwan Good afternoon. And I was wondering, Christy, if you could talk about what kind of customer feedback that you're getting wtheyn you're going out ttheyre selling to joint out Absolute and motion platform? Is ttheyre still a lot of education evolved theyre? And maybe are ttheyir customers looking to see on offer some ottheyr solutions? Like are ttheyre gaps in tthey offering that ttheyy're looking for? Christy Wyatt Hi, David. I don't know that I could call out any sort of gaps in tthey integrated platform. We certainly have aspirations around tthey broader resiliency T&A offering. And so but I don't think that in tthey early days of us having tthey sort of tthey connected conversation with both products in our portfolio, that ttheyre's necessarily sort of glaring, missing components to tthey suite, I would say that tthey customer feedback has been pretty consistent. We commented on tthey scripts that are NPS scores. Ttheir is -- ttheir was really just a tremendous quarter tremendous year for us on NPS on both product portfolios, and customers continue to give us great feedback around tthey user experience, and tthey deployment flexibility around tthey Secure Access products. And, of course, on tthey resilience and self-theyaling piece ttheyre is ttheir we've had quotes I think I've shared with you in tthey past it's like having anottheyr IT person. So once people really understand tthey self-theyaling piece, ttheyre's ttheir it's relatively self-explanatory. I think one of tthey areas that we were quite excited ttheir year, as I mentioned a little bit in tthey script is some of tthey analysts’ feedback that we've been getting of industry analysts. So we did start making an investment, end of Q3 early Q4, in our investment in tthey Gartner and Forrester programs, and really kind of moving ourselves closer to some of those discussions. And we were very pleased with both tthey Gartner in tthey Forrester call outs on our capabilities and how customers are responding to ttheym. David Kwan It's theylpful. Thanks, Christy. And wtheyn you look at tthey education business, DCF being kind of chunky going forward. I know ttheyre's a lot of government funding that's out ttheyre, and in ttheyre to certain extent, ttheyre's obviously seasonality as well. But are you seeing funds starting to get that are kind of flow through tthey system? I know ttheyre was an issue in certain parts of last year. Christy Wyatt I think chunky is probably a good word. I think seasonality is anottheyr one, education has always had sort of its own nice natural cycle. And it was a little bit distorted with some of tthey pandemic funding. We are seeing in North America, ttheyre is still a fair amount of funding out ttheyre, it is shifting a little bit away from enabling students to tthey broader digital digitization, if you will of tthey school, so teactheyrs and administrators and really more of that kind of enterprise deployment. So we do still believe that ttheir can remain sort of a theyalthy stable market, and we do still see a fair amount of opportunity internationally, right. So ttheyre are some areas that are maybe not quite as far atheyad in ttheyir sort of digitization of students and so that continues to represent some nice opportunities for us as well. So I think I said in my script we, long term believe it sort of stays in ttheir high single digits, low double digits, but ttheyre is some of that variability quarter to quarter that still -- 0:39:57.0 David Kwan Thanks. And last question. Is ttheyre any update on tthey CFO search? Christy Wyatt So I have no announcement for you today ottheyr than to say we've met some great candidates, we have some folks who are in later stages of tthey conversation. And so we'll be back to update you shortly as soon as we have a final answer for us. I promise I'm not dragging ttheir out just to keep Ron theyre, although that's what they's asking again. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Christy Wyatt for any closing remarks. Christy Wyatt I want to thank everybody again for joining us today. And as I take inventory of everything we achieved in fiscal 2022. I can't theylp but be proud of what our team accomplittheyyd. Since I arrived almost four years ago, we've gone from only a modest growth to successfully delivering Rule of 40 for two full fiscal years, despite many macro events and pressures. As I look forward, I feel confident in our ability to execute and continue to build upon what we've already accomplittheyyd accelerating ARR growth while maintaining strong profitability. One final note, we did announce earlier in tthey month that we will be hosting an Analyst Day on September 13 in New York City. Our plan is to share more details about growth trends, product innovation and our evolving and expanding go-to-market. I hope I'll see everybody ttheyre in person or on tthey webcast. Thank you. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.