Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF) Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call August 19, 2016 8:30 AM ET Executive Geoff Haydon - CEO Errol Olsen - CFO Analyst Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Paul Steep - Scotia Capital Kevin Krishnaratne - Paradigm Capital Michael Kim - Imperial Capital Ralph Garcea - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Year-end Fiscal 2016 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey section of its quarterly MD&A. [Operator Instructions]. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Friday, August 19th, at 8:30 AM Eastern Time. I'd like to turn tthey call over now to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Operator, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 fiscal 2016 conference call. Joining me today is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. I am pleased to announce financial results continued to improve in Q4, driven directly by tthey progress we’ve made against our key stated strategic initiatives. Ttheyse include enriching our product offering, elevating tthey performance of our global sales organization, and penetrating our targeted geographic and vertical market segments.  Notably, performance ttheir quarter was driven largely by tthey adoption of new product features, tthey acquisition of new customers and tthey growth of our theyalthcare and corporate markets. Growth is accelerating, with Q4 DDS revenue at 22 million, up 7% from Q4 of fiscal 2015. Recurring revenue represented 97% of Q4 revenue.  Commercial ACV increased by 3% globally and 2% to North America, new customer ACV was 1.8 million almost doubling from Q3. Existing customer ACV performance was strong at a 100%. DDS billings in Q4 were 30.1 million, representing a 19% increase over Q4 of fiscal 2015.  Looking forward, we are confident momentum will continue to build across our business, driven by continued strong execution against key strategic product development, market focus and sales execution priorities, which I’ll now review.  Our product strategy continues to center on enabling enterprise to understand and manage end point and information related risk. Ttheir involves expanding our embedded persistence platform and leveraging it to provide substantially enhanced functionality around end point awareness and resilience.  In Q4, we extended our end point awareness capabilities with tthey launch of Endpoint Data Discovery or EDD. Ttheir is a highly customizable feature that allows customers to identify sensitive data characteristics and to observe tthey presence of ttheir data throughout ttheyir entire end point population across and beyond tthey corporate network.  Ttheir ability to observe endpoint data attributes complements our current ability to capture endpoint telemetry on device characteristic, application activity and user properties. Tthey result is a rich, multi-dimensional, resilient and entirely unique perspective on endpoint risk. Tthey value of ttheir perspective was reflected in tthey risk management solution for data stored in tthey cloud we announced earlier ttheir quarter.  Cloud storage applications are used broadly by employees to store and share corporate data, often without tthey involvement of IT. Because ttheyy are hosted off tthey corporate network and typically not subject to traditional security and compliance controls, cloud storage applications are emerging as a substantial blind spot and source of risk for most enterprises. Ttheir new Absolute feature allows our customers to identify devices that are synchronized with cloud storage applications and to monitor tthey movement of sensitive data to and from tthey cloud. DDS can ttheyn be used to remediate any potential risk that’s identified around compliance violations or unauthorized user access.  Ttheir new offering will soon be extensible beyond storage to any cloud based application and will play a critical role in enabling enterprises to control shadow IT, one of tthey most prominent sources of insider threat related risk.  As an example, a recent survey shows that 69% of US employees are able to access corporate data stored in tthey cloud even after ttheyir employment is terminated. In Q4, we also made substantial progress in our efforts to extend and monetize our persistence technology around non-Absolute endpoint agents and applications.  Our SCCM report feature which was introduced less than six months ago has now been deployed in over 3 million devices. We also announced persistent services, which enables enterprises to automatically reinstall any endpoint agent or application that is missing or damaged regardless of user or device location. Ttheir ability to control endpoint controls has emerged as one of Absolute’s most compelling offerings. In Q4, new customers adopted ttheir technology to protect a variety of endpoint agents, including Dell case, Symantec Client Management, Pulse VPN, Microsoft BitLocker, and LANDesk. It’s worth noting that 90% of our new customer ACV in Q4 was driven by tthey adoption of DDS professional and premium versions which are required to realize new features like SCCM report and repair and EDD respectively.  Tthey richness of our new product features and tthey enthusiastic pace of customer adoption reflect a strengttheyned capacity to deliver innovative, predictable and marketable product features and to monetize ttheym. For ttheir reason in 2017, we will increase investment in our product development capability with tthey objective of accelerating our innovation agenda and revenue growth.  Ttheir investment will focus on two specific initiatives; first of all, we will enhance our SAAS platform or Software as a Service platform. Ultimately reducing associated operating cost by over 30% and repurposing ttheyse savings to expedite product roadmap execution.  More importantly, we will emerge with a SAAS platform that is performant, scalable and extensible, capable of supporting persistence on any application, on any endpoint, in any geography and enabling our vision of establishing persistence as an entirely new platform for ensuring endpoint agent effectiveness.  Secondly, ttheir increased R&D investment will begin dematerialize our ambitious vision around next generation insider threat optimized endpoint security. We will enrich our unique capabilities around device, application, user and data awareness with tthey objective of positioning Absolute to capitalize on and ultimately to lead tthey emergence of a new solution category characterized by contextual and predictive endpoint protection.  We continued in Q4 to concentrate our go-to-market investments on those specific geographic vertical and tthey horizontal markets that represent tthey greatest return on investment for Absolute. Appropriately, ttheyse markets led our growth results ttheir quarter. North American ACV was up 2%, new customer ACV from corporate and theyalthcare customers exceeded $1 million, and importantly, we continued to see success in large enterprise accounts, driven by tthey adoption of our newest DDS and persistence offerings and targeted prominently at tthey insider threat.  Our most significant new customers win in Q4 represented one of tthey largest deals in tthey theirtory of Absolute. Tthey customer a Fortune 50 US based multinational manufacturer of medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods is using our DDS technology as a critical component of ttheyir strategy to understand and manage user related endpoint risk. Ttheyy will also leverage our ability to report on and repair ttheyir Microsoft SCCM agents. Finally, ttheyy are using tthey remediation capabilities of DDS to prevent tthey spread of malware and ransomware across tthey organization by quarantining and disabling infected devices. Ttheir deal totaled over 2.4 million over four years.  We also saw strong renewal and expansion activity within our existing customer base, including a $700,000 order from one of our largest theyalthcare customers. Ttheir was driven by tthey renewal of DDS licenses being used to monitor tthey status of critical, endpoint management and security agents such as encryption and SCCM. Ttheir customer also upgraded to tthey premium addition of DDS to activate tthey endpoint data discovery capability so ttheyy can locate and protect electronic theyalth records.  Ttheyse results reflect tthey extent to which our enrictheyd product offerings are being valued, by some of tthey largest and more soptheirticated customers in tthey world. Once again ttheyy also reflect tthey contribution of our new product features to driving enhanced renewal rates expansion and upsell performance and new customer acquisition. Our success in Q4 also reflects improvements in tthey effectiveness of our global field organization. Quota attainment by our sales reps has doubled quarter-over-quarter since Q1. Tthey number of field reps have met or exceeded ttheyir objectives in Q4 was up almost 50% over Q3. Ttheir was reflected in our new customers ACV performance in Q4 of 1.8 million once again up from less than a million in Q3. Tthey billing performance of our new customer acquisition team was up a 134% quarter-over-quarter. In summary, we enter our new fiscal year with strength and momentum. Through tthey changes we made in 2016, we have a substantially enhanced product platform, a highly performing product management and development capability, an increasingly productive global field organization and a strong balance ttheyyet.  Our priority ttheir year will be to leverage ttheyse strengths in conjunction with an accelerated product development agenda, against a secular shift that’s occurring in endpoint security, from traditional, static, precedent based reactive technologies to a persistent, contextual, analytics based predictive approach that Absolute is uniquely positioned and determined to lead.  We will accelerate revenue growth in fiscal year 2017 and put tthey business firmly on a path to accomplishing our long term operating objective of 20% revenue growth and 20% adjusted EBITDA margins.  I’d like now to turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financial results and outlook in more detail. Errol? Errol Olsen Thanks Geoff. Good morning everyone. Q4 DDS segment revenue of $22 million grew 7% year-over-year. Recurring revenue in Q4 grew 5% year-over-year with 97% of ttheir quarters DDS revenue derived from occurring licenses and services, as compared to 99% in Q4 of fiscal ’15. Year-to-date DDS segment revenue was $86 million, a 4% year-over-year increase.  Our commercial annual contract value base, which is a predictor of future recurring revenue continued to increase over tthey course of fiscal ’16. ACV was flat over tthey first quarter, followed by a 1% increase in Q2, a 2% increase in Q3, and a 3% increase during Q4. For fiscal ’16 as a whole, tthey commercial ACV base increased by 5%.  From an industry vertical perspective, tthey combined corporate and theyalthcare ACV base increased 3% during tthey quarter, and increased by 10% in fiscal ’16. Tthey combined education and government ACV base increased by 2% in tthey quarter, and increased by 1% in fiscal ’16. At June 30, 2016 corporate and theyalthcare customers represented 47% of our commercial ACV base, and education and government customers represented 53% of tthey base.  From a regional perspective, tthey North American commercial ACV base increased 2% during Q4, and increased 6% in fiscal ’16. Internationally, tthey commercial ACV base increased 6% in tthey quarter and decreased 2% in fiscal ’16. At June 30, 2016, North American customers represented 89% of our commercial ACV base and international customers represented 11% of tthey base.  Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey fourth quarter was $1.9 million, which was down slightly from $2.1 million in Q4 of last year. Fiscal ’16 EBITDA of $11.1 million was down from $17.1 million in tthey prior year. Tthey decrease is reflective of tthey divestiture of tthey Endpoint and Service Management segment and associated revenue, while adjusted operating expenses which are defined in our press release and MD&A were up 2% year-over-year in fiscal ’16.  During tthey year, our cost base was affected by a full year impact of sales personnel hired at tthey end of fiscal ’15, and increased research and development theyadcount. Ttheir was partially offset by a reduction in support and development cost associated with tthey manage and service operations, as well as foreign exchange related savings on Canadian based activities. Tthey Manage and Service segment contributed $1 million to our annual EBITDA.  Our total theyadcount at June 30, 2016 was 445, which was flat compared to 444 at June 30 last year.  Turning now to cash flow, Q4 cash from operating activities was negative $1.6 million, compared to positive $2.7 million in Q4 of last year. At a high level, cash flow for tthey quarter is reflective of prior quarter billings of 20.1 million, which were largely collected in Q4, offset by $20.1 million of adjusted OpEx in tthey quarter, with ottheyr changes being related to working capital.  Total operating cash flow for tthey year was $4.9 million, which was net of tax payments of approximately $2.1 million, transaction fees on tthey manage and service divestiture of $1.3 million, and restructuring payments in Q1 of $700,000. DDS segment billings in Q4 were $30.1 million, a 19% increase over Q4 of fiscal 2015.  Shifting now to our forward outlook; during fiscal ’16 we completed tthey final stages of our transformation which involved significant changes to our leadership, go-to-market and product functions in order to position Absolute to capitalize on a significant information security market opportunity.  Tthey impact of ttheyse changes was demonstrated through major, rapidly exhausted product releases in Q3 and Q4, accompanied by accelerated ACV and new customer growth in tthey back half of tthey year.  Additionally, we demonstrated our ability to sell to increasingly larger and more soptheirticate end customers. Based on ttheir demonstrated success, as Geoff has mentioned, we intend to increase our investment in research and development capabilities in order to accelerate our time to market of new DDS features and functions and to accelerate tthey migration of all of our product offerings to our next generation service platform.  Ttheir investment combined with go-to-market initiatives supports our objective of continuing to accelerate revenue and realizing on our long term growth and profitability targets.  In terms of topline results, we expect total fiscal ’17 revenue of $92 million to $94.6 million, representing a 7% to 10% annual DDS segment revenue growth. We expect revenue to grow at an accelerating rate as we move through tthey year, driven by increasing new customer acquisition and continuing sales productivity improvements.  We expect adjusted EBITDA margins of 5% to 8%, reflecting relatively stable spending across most departments and increased investment in research and development capacity, as we have just discussed. Ttheir compares to an adjusted EBITDA from tthey DDS segment of $10.1 million in fiscal ’16.  I want to point out, however, that our increased investment in R&D will be incremental over tthey year, and it will be aligned with improved sales performance. We expect cash from operations prior to payments for income taxes and restructuring charges as a percentage of revenue to be between 8% and 12%, reflecting a double digit, year-over-year increase in DDS billings. Ttheir implies relatively stable cash from operations compared to fiscal ’16 prior to payments for taxes, restructuring charges and transaction fees as outlined earlier. Tax payments for tthey year are expected to be in line with our June balance ttheyyet accrual. With tthey payment allocated, roughly equally between operating activities and investment activities in tthey statement of cash flows.  We also expect to report a restructuring charge in Q1 of approximately $600,000, ttheir being related to a small reduction in force at tthey start of tthey fiscal year. We expect fiscal ’17 capital expenditures to be between $3.9 million and $4.4 million, with tthey spending largely related to upgrades and expansion of our hosted datacenters, office expansion and ongoing hardware refrettheyys.  Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Thanos Moschopoulos Tthey implied R&D spend is I think higtheyr than many of us were expecting, and you alluded to wtheyre that will be directed in your prepared remarks. But maybe you could clarify, how much of ttheir is about adding new functionality to expand your TAM versus maybe addressing some plumbing issues you may have uncovered. I mean you talked about performance and scalability improvements, does that imply that ttheyre were some issues that you identified ttheyre which requires step up level of investment.  Geoff Haydon Thanos ttheyre will be efficiency improvements as I alluded to, and we do expect that tthey conclusion will result in a much more cost efficient operation and tthey ability to repurpose dollars that are currently being spent to maintain our current infrastructure to focus on innovation. But ttheir is almost entirely about expanding our TAM.  It’s designed to create tthey infrastructure piece, a platform that will enable tthey execution of our persistent platform vision, once again to extend that persistent functionality to any end point agent in any geography and to offer customers a variety of deployment capabilities.  Tthey ottheyr component of tthey investment on our R&D is once again entirely about TAM creation. We’re seeing ttheir, as I referenced, tectonic shift away from traditional end point protection to capabilities that are much more focused on resilience, providing context, predicting emerging threats and confronting ttheym before ttheyy become consequential.  And we’re seeing some substantial investments in ttheyse emerging technologies within tthey large enterprises that we’re selling to. We think that with our persistent platform and our current awareness capabilities and our balance ttheyyet and go-to-market strength that we’ve got a real theyad start on some of tthey emerging, early stage innovative companies that are starting to accelerate tthey development of ttheir segment, and we intend to bring our collective mass to bear to accelerating tthey creation of that category and really distinguishing Absolute as tthey de facto leader of it.  So ttheir is really about igniting ttheir next generation of endpoint security that is uniquely enabled by some of Absolute’s technology and go-to-market capabilities.  Thanos Moschopoulos Can you provide some color as to how we should think about operating leverage longer term? Clearly in 2017, we’re going to see EBITDA margins come down relative to ’16. I think you’ve talked in tthey past about striving for a high-teens EBITDA margin level. How far out in tthey future might that be? At what point should we start to see some of that potential operating leverage kick in? Errol Olsen Hi Thanos, ttheir is Errol. So in terms of tthey operating model you’re right that with tthey additional investment in fiscal ’17 that margins will be lower than ttheyy were in fiscal 2016. We do expect margins to improve actually even towards tthey end of fiscal ’17 and certainly improve over time. Geoff mentioned in their prepared remarks a 2020 target, which is a 20% revenue growth accompanied by 20% adjusted EBITDA margins.  Tthey timeline for that is - it’s very difficult to pin an exact date on that timeline. I mean that’s what we’re striving and building our model towards. But you can think of it as kind of a three to five year time horizon.  Thanos Moschopoulos As far as tthey restructuring, you’ve been hiring a fair bit lately, and so little surprised to see that. Can you clarify tthey areas in which ttheyy’ll be focused on? Errol Olsen Sure, it was at tthey start of ttheir fiscal year, it’s a theyadcount of about 30 and it was across departments. And that’s what really just a factor of starting tthey fiscal year, kind of retooling and repositioning which is not atypical for us.  Thanos Moschopoulos Maybe one last one from me, as far as tthey seasonality of billings, anything we should be aware of? Consistently Q4 and Q1 are your strongest billings quarters, should that remain tthey case? How does that look theyading in to tthey education selling cycle? Errol Olsen It’s a good question Thanos, and as you know our billings are highly correlated to our expiring contract opportunity. Tthey expiring contract opportunity for tthey year as a whole is up mid-single digits, but ttheyre is some seasonality to it. In Q1 tthey expiring contract opportunity is down mid-single digits, and ttheyn it’s up for tthey remainder of tthey year and higtheyst in Q4.  Thanos Moschopoulos Okay, so Q1 has a tough comp, but Q2, Q3, Q4 should be fine in that regard. Errol Olsen That’s right.  Operator Your next question comes from Paul Steep from Scotia Capital. Your line is open. Paul Steep Geoff if you could talk a little bit about tthey new product? It sounds like you’re taking tthey company towards an entirely new category, away from wtheyre tthey company is traditionally been. How much are you leveraging any of tthey base technology or is it, you’re just sort of starting with a clean ttheyyet of paper? Geoff Haydon No, we are leveraging all of it. Tthey two functionality dimensions that we’re really doubling down on are persistence which is a core technology and our awareness capabilities which is our DDS agent, which represents our entire revenue base right now with tthey exception of a very small amount of persistent services which was a new offering that we launctheyd in Q4.  So ttheir is really entirely about strengttheyning and applying core technologies in new innovative ways, just to clarify. Ttheir is about monetizing persistence as a means of ensuring tthey effectiveness of endpoint agents beyond our own agent, and that core persistence technology has been fundamental to our value proposition for as long as Absolute’s been around.  And DDS today offers, as I mentioned, very rich awareness capabilities and multi-dimensions around device, around data, around user, around applications, and really what we’re looking to do is enhance that telemetry introducing analytics capability that enables us to present that telemetry to an enterprise in a more intelligent and actionable form, and to enrich our investigations tool, so that wtheyn an incident or a risk event is identified, we can enable an enterprise to really understand and remediate that in very predictive ways.  So, ttheir is entirely about strengttheyning and applying our current core capabilities in new innovative and market expanding ways.  Paul Steep Just shift gears for a second, to hit tthey double digit billings growth that’s implied by tthey CFO number, what has to go right in ’17 and are ttheyre any major theyadwinds in terms of big [indiscernible]. I don’t believe ttheyre are, but anyway that would be great to theyar.  Geoff Haydon No, ttheyre aren’t, and we will continue to focus on precisely what we have focused on and accelerate it during tthey course of ttheir year, and that is ensuring that we’re optimizing our existing customer opportunity both through renewals and expansion. We do expect to see an acceleration of expansion as we move through tthey year.  We’ve introduced some features that really optimize wtheyn ttheyy are deployed broadly across an entire enterprise endpoint population. We’ve also created a sales organization and go-to-market capability that is more focused on igniting devices that have already been deployed. So that expansion opportunity is substantial, but tthey primary driver of growth will continue to be tthey increase in new customer ACV, that’s going to have tthey most direct and material impact on accelerated revenue. But we do not see any fundamental theyadwinds. To us ttheir is all about continued fundamental execution Paul.  Paul Steep Tthey last one from me is, Errol you sort of alluded to, but back of tthey envelope I’m playing around with tthey numbers theyre. It looks like a significant add to tthey R&D spend. Two fold, one, you talked of it being tied incrementally, how much of you front-end loaded in Q1 as we’re walking in tthey door theyre in terms of higtheyr R&D spend. And ttheyn tthey second part of that would be what’s preventing you from repurposing a number of tthey staff that have presumably finittheyyd ottheyr projects in tthey base.  Errol Olsen So in terms of tthey R&D ramp, to put it in to some context, our plan - at tthey high end of our plan I’ll reiterate that tthey spend will be matctheyd with our revenue growth over tthey course of tthey year. But at tthey end of our plan, we’ll hire as many as 100 additional people in R&D group and those would be spread about half in our Vancouver datacenter and about half in Vietnam, wtheyre theirtorically we view as a third part outsource developer in Vietnam and we’re building our own office in Vietnam as well. So that’s tthey ramp, tthey ramp will happen steady throughout tthey year. And as to tthey question or repurposing, one thing to put things in context is that Absolute has theirtorically, if you compare us to ottheyr software companies and ottheyr SAS companies and particularly ottheyr information security companies, we have invested in R&D at tthey low end of tthey range.  In tthey information security industry, tthey average R&D spend is somewtheyre between 19% and 23%. Absolute theirtorically has spent about 12% of revenue on R&D, and from a competitive standpoint you could say it has put us behind tthey curve and ttheyre’s some catch up to happen within that. But also, we expect to continue to innovate and to deliver functionality to tthey market.  It’s not as though we can deliver one piece of functionality and kind of walk away and put tools down. I mean ttheir is a constant innovation effort, both from a competitive standpoint against ottheyr companies in our space and also competitively against tthey bad guys, right.  In information security and tthey funding that’s being applied to tthey hacking community. So it’s highly competitive and theynce tthey reason for tthey higtheyr overall R&D spend in tthey info sec industry.  Now having said all of that, part of tthey incremental spend is accelerating our movement on to a single platform. We released our next generation platform probably through fiscal ’16. Our new functionality is being deployed on that platform, but we still need to move our theirtorical functionality over to that single platform.  Once that exercise is complete, we will be able to redeploy resources, and so what that means for us is I think that going forward in to fiscal ’18, we should not expect such a large increase in R&D spend.  Operator Your next question comes from Kevin Krishnaratne from Paradigm Capital. Your line is open.  Kevin Krishnaratne Just wanted to get your thoughts on uses cash decisions and priorities for 2017. Just taking a look at your theirtorical ttheyre had been times you were in tthey $15 million-$20 million range. Just wondering in tthey way you’re giving guidance for ’17 and probably don’t want to talk too much about ’18 and ’19 going forward, but what does your cash profit look like going forward. What do you think?  Do you think you can get back in to those type of numbers and to that point I did noticed that unlike prior two years tthey dividend decisions was kept on hold with regard to tthey increase. So just wondering how you’re thinking about cash, tthey dividend and how tthey cash profile should look like moving forward. And also a follow-on on CapEx level, I think it was about $4 million in tthey year pre-’17 wondering how that looks out going forward.  Geoff Haydon Ttheir is tthey business that fundamentally continues to have very strong cash generation potential. ’16 was a unique year with, A, a transformation of our business, almost entirely with tthey divestiture with tthey dismantling and rebuilding of our sales organization. We had a depleted expiry base, all of which affected billings and cash performance.  As we move in to ’17, we’re looking to ignite some new market opportunities by accelerating investment and innovation in tthey release of features that we expect we’ll be able to monetize quickly. But our medium term expectation is, ttheir will continue to be a very strong cash generative business.  Now with respect to tthey dividend, we review our capital allocation strategy constantly, in tthey context of our evolving strategy and our evolving situation. In Q4 we had an [inaudible] shift, but we used very modestly, primarily for defensive purposes, we don’t expect that position will change. We declared a dividend. But as we move in to tthey year, what you’re seeing is us bringing a very strong balance ttheyyet to bear and tthey spirit of accelerating innovation and laying tthey foundation for a much more exciting revenue growth story.  And as we continue to demonstrate growth and to improve tthey strength of our platform that will enable to execute against that growth opportunity, we will continue to orient capital towards tthey acceleration of that growth.  Kevin Krishnaratne Just a follow-up on that point ttheyre tthey [inaudible] of R&D. Does tthey stepped up R&D to your staff increases, does that preclude you from pursuing any unique M&A ttheir year? I know you previously talked about looking at maybe acquiring technology. What are your thoughts on M&A? Geoff Haydon No, not at all. We just think ttheyre is a very important opportunity for us to introduce ttheir new feature set, and we are pursuing a combined build and buy strategy. So we’re accelerating investment in organic development and tthey spirit of releasing tthey next generation of ttheir functionality through that effort, but we are also very interesting and actively looking for opportunities to acquire talent and technology that will accelerate tthey materialization of our product road map.  Kevin Krishnaratne Maybe just a follow-on or switching gears a little bit, just with respect to tthey revenue guidance, I’m wondering if you could maybe dig a little deeper in to how you build that out and how you think about that. You’ve got quite good visibilities on your existing base and maybe tthey conversations that you’re having with tthey existing clients with regards to any upside opportunities.  But what kind of visibility might you have for tthey year sitting right now, with regards to brand new customers that might be kicking EDD and pulling in persistence as a result. It seems like ttheyre could be potential for even upside to your revenue outlook if you think about tthey fact, it’s still kind of very early days in ttheyse product launctheys and your discussions are probably still early, so just wondering what kind of visibility you might have in that regard. Errol Olsen You’re right. A lot of our revenue I think in fiscal ’16 it was about 75% of our revenue actually came up tthey opening balance ttheyyet and we expect something similar to fiscal 2017. In terms of tthey elasticity of tthey guidance that we provided on revenue, certainly we are optimistic that ttheyre is upside to it. Definitely we do expect a ramping of revenue over tthey course of tthey year and hitting that guidance of 7% to 10% year-over-year DDS revenue growth. I mean it should just be steady increase through tthey course of tthey year and we’re optimistic that by tthey fourth quarter we’ll be hitting a double digit year-over-year revenue growth rate.  Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Your line is open.  Michael Kim Just wanted to see if you could talk a little more about how you’re addressing problem of shadow IT and do you think you need to compete or partner with some of tthey cloud access security brokers and some of tthey IT as a service vendor as well, and how do you see tthey data loss prevention capability being maybe - you’re integrated with some of those ottheyr partners.  Geoff Haydon We’re very excited about ttheir new offering, and it reflects as I mentioned earlier really an extension of a repurposing of capabilities that we already have. Shadow IT as you know has emerged as I said earlier an epidemic source of risk for enterprises as users start to send confidential information to and from ttheyse cloud sites, cloud storage most notably.  But it obviously extends to just about any cloud application. And so our ability to observe persistently to a device that’s on and off tthey network, tthey use of tthey cloud application in conjunction with being able to determine tthey type of data that’s being exchanged with that cloud application is a very powerful combination.  At tthey end of tthey day, tthey challenge with ttheyse types of hard application is visibility. It is awareness. A lot of ttheir interaction is occurring outside of tthey scope of IT very often without ttheyir approval and beyond traditional security and compliance capability. So our ability to observe a device to be able to enable an enterprise awareness around tthey presence and use of cloud applications in conjunction with tthey type of data that’s being exchanged is once again a very unique solution.  And it does leverage our company that we acquired for ttheyir deal key capability several years ago [policies], we’ve expressed that technology in tthey form of our endpoint data discovery offering, which we released in Q4, but it’s that addition that really makes ttheir offering so compelling that we’ve been able to inform enterprises about tthey use of cloud applications for some time. But being able to actually highlight tthey extent to which sensitive data is being ex-filtrated that’s tthey big bang and we think ttheyre is tremendous opportunity not only for us to monetize that in tthey enterprise context Michael. But to your point we do think ttheyre are partnering opportunities if that introduces.  Michael Kim And is ttheir capability an opportunity to increase ACV with some of tthey existing customers as well as drive maybe larger deal sizes with net new logos? Geoff Haydon Precisely. And so in order to access EDD which is a critical component of that offering, users have to buy tthey premium version of DDS, which obviously represents a higtheyr ACV per unit than tthey ottheyr two basic and professional offerings. And by tthey way, we’ve seen tthey impact of EDD very substantially in a short time that it’s been in tthey market place. In Q4 over 50% of our new customer licenses were premium licenses up from less than 10% in Q1. And so as we start to apply that EDD capability in combination with ottheyr telemetry elements to enable ttheyse types of innovative used cases, we expect that we’re going to continue to see a very substantial adoption of that premium offering.  Michael Kim And ttheyn one question Errol, with regards to tthey large deal with tthey Fortune 50 customer, is that 2.4 million linear over four years from a revenue recognition standpoint, and was all that 2.4 million billed and reflected in tthey TDS billings for Q4 of 30 million? Errol Olsen It was entirely billed and reflected in tthey Q4 billings number, and ttheyre is a 100,000 to 200,000 that is not going to be recognized as recurring revenue within that number, it will all be recognized in fiscal ’17. But tthey remaining 2.2 million will be recognized ratably over tthey 48 month contract term.  Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Ralph Garcea from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.  Ralph Garcea Just following up on that large contract, at tthey start of tthey sales cycle did you have all tthey feature sets that tthey customer wanted or did you have to sort of release it - tthey new product releases through Q3-Q4 to close that deal and -? Geoff Haydon It’s a great question. I would say that tthey conversation initially centered around asset management. But as tthey engagement evolved, we started to cultivate interest in some ottheyr capabilities that were eittheyr released or on tthey product roadmap. Ultimately ttheyir MVP, tthey Minimum Viable Product definition spans multiple capabilities not just asset management, but tthey ability to consumer telemetry in ttheyir SCCM platform which was something that we announced last year, tthey ability to persist SCCM which we announced last year. Ttheyy also have an interest in Endpoint Data Discovery.  So I would say that tthey conversation started with a functionality that was available earlier in tthey year, but as tthey conversation evolved and as we introduced new features and functions it started to make tthey conversation much more compelling and substantially expanded tthey opportunity both to a larger number of end points and to a more premium version of DDS. Ralph Garcea So if ttheyse were sort of 12 month sales cycle before, are ttheyy accelerating? Can you close some of ttheyse larger deals in six months from your initial discussion or --? Geoff Haydon Well highlighted some large wins last year that we closed within two quarters. Ralph, we’re just trying to determine what an average sales cycle is for ttheyse large enterprises. I mean wins of ttheir caliber are relatively new domain, we’re starting to see much more of ttheym showing up in tthey pipeline and we’re certainly featuring ttheyse more prominently in our earnings call announcements.  But ttheyre is still a lot of variability in terms of how its taking us to get ttheym done. It does range from three to six months to nine to 12 months depending on tthey size of tthey organization, tthey complexity of tthey campaign, and just tthey nature of tthey drivers, tthey importance and urgency of making a decision quickly.  So we’ll keep you posted as we learn more about tthey average term, but ttheyy are still quite variable. But we think as we continue to enrich tthey future, we’re going to see more of ttheyse, we’re going to see larger versions of ttheym and we do think tthey business cases that we will build will be more compelling and urgent, ideally collapsing some of tthey sales timelines.  Ralph Garcea And ttheyn for Errol on tthey R&D theyadcount, what was tthey number at tthey end of June for Q4? Errol Olsen R&D theyadcount at tthey end of June was 132. Ralph Garcea And on tthey previous question you said you were going add a 100 through 2017. What’s tthey split between - you gave tthey split between Vancouver and Vietnam and tthey Vietnam theyadcount obviously would be much ctheyaper than Vancouver.  Errol Olsen You’re right, much lower cost than Vietnam and tthey split is 50-50. Ralph Garcea You’ve been running sort of in tthey 3 million a quarter run rate, what should we be modeling that going forward through 2017? Errol Olsen In terms of tthey R&D ramp, is that tthey question? Ralph Garcea Yeah.  Errol Olsen It will be spread very evenly over tthey course of tthey year.  Operator And we have no furttheyr questions in queue at ttheir time. I’ll turn tthey call back to tthey presenters for closing remarks.  Geoff Haydon All right. Well listen I want to take ttheir opportunity to thank everybody for ttheyir interest and ttheyir time ttheir morning and we’ll look forward to speaking tthey many of you in tthey coming days. Thank you.  Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect. 