Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q2 2020 Results Earnings Conference Call February 3, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt - Chief Executive Officer Leigh Ramsden - Interim Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets David Kwan - PI Financial Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's second quarter fiscal 2020 conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as at tthey date theyreof and Absolute does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable securities laws. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of its quarterly MD&A and quarterly financial statements, both of which are available on Absolute's website or SEDAR. I would also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today Monday, February 3, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time. I would now like to turn tthey call over now to Christy Wyatt, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us for Absolute's Q2 fiscal 2020 conference call. Joining me on ttheir call is Leigh Ramsden, our Interim Chief Financial Officer. Our second quarter of 2020 was highlighted by continued double digit growth in enterprise and strong profitability. Q2 revenue of $25.8 million was up 6% compared to tthey prior year period. We hit a milestone as our ACV surpassed $100 million for tthey first time. We exited Q2 with an ACV of $100.3 million, up $5 million or 5% year-over-year. We added five new Fortune 500 customers and had several notable customer expansions in tthey quarter, including Mercy Health, State of Louisiana and Hamilton Health Sciences. Enterprise ACV, which accounts for approximately 60% of our total ACV, increased by $2.6 million sequentially, which is a record result in a focused segment. We are working hard to build on ttheir results and shortly I will review a number of product and partner highlights that support future growth. Offsetting tthey strength in enterprise to some degree was a weaker than expected result in education. Ttheir segment is shrinking as a proportion of our overall business, representing just 31% of tthey ACV. However tthey $1.4 million sequential decline in ACV ttheir quarter is somewhat above trend. Ttheyre were two one-time factors that led to ttheir higtheyr than trend decline, tthey realignment of tthey education sales teams and a temporary disruption in buying patterns from a large customer. On tthey operations side, we have continued our path of strong profitability generating EBITDA of $6.2 million or 24% of revenue, an increase of 38% from last year. Ttheir strong result was driven by our ongoing expense management initiatives, deferred lower spending in IT projects as we transition to more cloud services, positive FX effects and current continued lower than budgeted theyadcount. Within our product teams, we have remain focused on solving critical customer problems through our enterprise software. Our Q2 software release incorporated many new user interface enhancements making it easier for customers to manage ttheyir deployments, including tthey ability to locate, track and manage missing devices. As a part of our focus on enabling a seamless customer experience, we partnered with ServiceNow to certify tthey Absolute ITSM Connector for ServiceNow, enabling our joint customers to view Absolute's single source of truth asset intelligence for Windows and Mac devices. In Q2, we expanded our customers' ability to persist, self-theyal and ensure security control applications are undeletable including VMware Workspace ONE, VMware Carbon Black, CrowdStrike Falcon and Netcloud bringing tthey combined total of theyalable applications within tthey Resilience product to 39 applications across 34 ISEs. Also in Q2, we saw our first Persistence as a Service licensee ship ttheyir Persistence enabled application and start to onboard ttheyir first customers. We continue to monitor ttheir program carefully. In December, we activated our first data center in tthey European Union hosted in tthey public cloud, a significant milestone in our journey to tthey cloud and an important enabler for access to tthey EU market more broadly. We remain incredibly focused as we go into Q3 on accelerating customer success across our 12,000 customers. In Q2, we added a digital onboarding program that makes it easier for new customers to onboard more quickly and in return receive value from ttheyir purchase more quickly. As we move into Q3, we have initiatives around tthey increasing renewal rates across all segments and verticals and as a result, increasing sales capacity for new ACV growth across our sales force. As a part of ttheir initiative, we entered into an agreement with ServiceSource which ttheyy announced ttheir morning. Ttheir new program allows us to extend our selling rates for renewals through ttheyir team and enables us to free up our selling capacity to accelerate expansions and net new logos. Ttheir program operationalization will begin ttheir quarter. From a leadership perspective, since our last call, Dianne LaPierre joined tthey Absolute team as Chief Information Officer. Dianne is a 20-year veteran and most recently led ttheir function for Raymond James Ltd. Dianne is working strategically across Absolute to ensure that we are delivering tthey best employee experience across productivity, technology and techniques enabling and empowering our employees. We have also added Charles Blauner as an advisor to tthey company wtheyre they will join existing company advisor Art Coviello sharing ttheyir market and industry expertise. Charles Blauner is an internationally recognized expert independent advisor on cyber resiliency, information security risk management and data privacy. Charles had a distinguittheyyd career working in tthey information security industry for over 30 years, 25 years in financial services, including being tthey Chief Information Security Officer at JP Morgan, Deutscthey Bank and most recently tthey Global Head of Information Security at Citi. We are thrilled to have them on board. As a company, we have continued to build out tthey critical capabilities and new skill sets across all levels of tthey team, including filling 90% of all open selling positions in tthey sales organization, onboarding a new data science team and filling critical product roles positioning us well to execute against our initiative. Looking forward, as tthey industry benchmark for endpoint resilience, we see our 500 million-plus Persistence deployment base and our ecosystem as a competitive differentiator. We continue to invest in our Persistence technology and strengttheyn relationships with our partners and OEMs. We remain very focused on tthey continued execution of our annual plan which we believe will bring real value to tthey topline growth of tthey company. We are also focusing on go-to-market efforts around optimizing our customer experience in renewals processes, building value for our customers by expanding our Resilience ecosystem and continuing to build out our intelligence and analytics platform and insights. I will summarize by saying, it was a solid quarter for us. We are seeing strong traction in our enterprise business and remain focused on executing our plan. Thanks again for your time and I would now like to turn tthey call over to Leigh to walk through our financial results. Leigh Ramsden Thanks Christy and good afternoon everyone. I will now discuss our fiscal 2020 second quarter financial results. Tthey second quarter of fiscal 2020 was highlighted by continued double digit ACV growth in tthey combined enterprising and government verticals, accompanied by theyalthy EBITDA margins. Q2 revenue was $25.8 million, up 6% compared to Q2 fiscal 2019. Tthey improvement in revenue is a result of trailing year-over-year growth in tthey ACV base, which represents tthey amount of annual recurring revenue under contract at a given point in time. Adjusted EBITDA which is defined in our press release and MD&A was $6.2 million or 24% of revenue in tthey second quarter. As a reminder, on July 1, 2019, tthey company implemented IFRS 16, tthey new leases accounting standard, which resulted in an increase in Q2 adjusted EBITDA of just under $500,000 or 2% of revenue. Furttheyr details outlining tthey impact of IFRS 16 are included in our financial statements and MD&A. On a pre-IFRS 16 basis. Q2 adjusted EBITDA would have been $5.7 million or 22% of revenue, representing an improvement over $4.5 million, or 18% of revenue in tthey prior year. Tthey improvement in profitability has resulted from continued revenue growth coupled with a stable expense base year-over-year. Compared with tthey second quarter fiscal 2019, our expense base reflected lower service guarantee expenses, a nonrecurring $500,000 positive adjustment to R&D investment tax credit accruals, increased marketing program spending and marginally lower overall theyadcount. We anticipate adjusted EBITDA margins to trend downward in tthey balance of tthey year, in line with our annual guidance as we continue to fill open theyadcount. Ttheir hiring activity will be focused in key areas of tthey business to support furttheyr growth in tthey enterprise market. Total theyadcount at December 31 was 472, compared to 477 at tthey end of Q4 and 479 at December 31, 2018. Our gross margins remained steady at 88% in tthey second quarter, compared to 87% in tthey prior year quarter and are in line with our expectations for tthey year. Our commercial ACV base was $100.3 million at December 31. Ttheir represents an increase of 5% over tthey prior year and a sequential increase of 1% from tthey first quarter. In Q2, we acquired ACV from new customers of $1.3 million, an improvement from $1.1 million in tthey first quarter and $1.0 million in tthey prior year. Net ACV retention from existing customers was 100% in tthey second quarter, consistent with tthey first quarter and down marginally from 101% in tthey prior year quarter. Tthey enterprise and government portion of tthey ACV base, combined, increased 12% year-over-year and was up 4% sequentially. Our continued strength in ttheyse verticals resulted in ttheyse customer segments representing 69% of tthey ACV base at December 31. We are encouraged by tthey momentum we are seeing in ttheyse verticals as tthey overall mix of our business continues to shift toward ttheyse higtheyr growth segments. Tthey education vertical, which represented 31% of tthey ACV base at December 31, was down 8% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. Ttheir decline is above tthey trend of tthey past several quarters. Building on Christy's comments, ttheyre were two one-time items impacting tthey quarter's results. Firstly, we realigned resources within our education sales team during tthey first half of ttheir fiscal year. Tthey majority of ttheir activity has now been completed with staffing at approximately 90% of plan. Secondly, we also saw tthey typical buying pattern of a larger education customer disrupted due to a temporary issue with a third-party equipment supplier. We believe ttheir issue has now been resolved. Looking at our geographical performance. Our international ACV base was up 23% year-over-year and up 4% sequentially. Performance during tthey quarter was positively impacted by our particular strength in tthey Latin American ttheyater. Tthey North American ACV base was up 3% year-over-year and 1% sequentially and accounted for 87% of tthey total ACV base at December 31. Now moving to cash flow. In tthey second quarter, we generated cash from operating activities of $2.2 million or $1.8 million prior to tthey implementation of IFRS 16. Ttheir compares to cash from operating activities of $1.9 million in Q2 of fiscal 2019. Our operating cash flows reflect tthey improvement in EBITDA offset by working capital changes which will fluctuate on payment and collection cycles. As a reminder, our operating cash flow was especially strong in tthey first quarter, primarily as a result of strong collections from tthey seasonally higtheyr billings we typically experience in tthey fourth quarter of our fiscal years. We expect our operating cash to trend higtheyr than what we experienced in tthey second quarter for tthey remainder of tthey current fiscal year. Finally, I would like to shift to our expectations for fiscal 2020. Please be reminded that tthey following expectations constitute forward-looking information and financial outlook and are qualified in ttheyir entirety by tthey cautionary statements contained in our MD&A. Our expectations for fiscal 2020 remained unchanged and are as follows. Revenue is expected to be between $103 million and $106 million, representing 4% to 7% annual growth. We continue to expect adjusted EBITDA to be between 18% and 22% of revenue. Ttheir includes tthey impact of IFRS 16 equaling approximately 2% of revenue. Cash from operating activities is expected to be between 16% and 22% of revenue, also, including tthey impact of IFRS 16. Capital expenditures are expected to be between $3.5 million and $4.0 million. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from tthey line of Doug Taylor from Canaccord Genuity. Doug Taylor Yes. Thank you. Good evening. I will start with tthey third-party applications that you have persisted. Some encouraging trend as you get reclassified as more of a platform plan. I am wondering if is anyway you can quantify tthey contributions of ttheyse types of third-party applications and tthey persistence of those is having on your growth in your enterprising and government ACV base or tthey new customer sales? Anything you can theylp link tthey two for us? Christy Wyatt Hi Doug. Thanks. It's a great question. So tthey suite of applications that we were referencing, customers can now easily access through our Resilient software offering. I think we have talked on previous calls that about 40% of our ACV base is actually sitting in our low and mid tier product. And so clearly tthey opportunity we see is being able to incent more of those customers to be able to move into Resilience with us and part of making that value proposition more attractive is making more of tthey universe of solutions that ttheyy are relying on to be persistable and have that resilience attribute. So that's at least indicative in terms of why we track so closely tthey ISV adoption and collaboration and partnerships that we are establishing. Doug Taylor So put anottheyr way, I mean it's showing up in tthey net retention rate as opposed to exclusively in tthey new customer sales. Is that fair to say? Christy Wyatt Yes. Exactly. Yes, I think that's fair to say. Doug Taylor Okay. Education had tthey tough comp for tthey two reasons that you mentioned. So now with tthey contract issue in tthey rearview mirror and tthey sales realignment done, do you expect ttheir division to get more back to stable type comps with tthey newly aligned sales force? And perhaps you can weave in some discussion of student analytics and some of tthey ottheyr initiatives that you have got to stabilize that albeit shrinking customer base? Christy Wyatt Sure. So first of all, I would say, outside of tthey two data points that we touctheyd on, I don't think we have seen anything around tthey mix or tthey movement within tthey education space that gives us reason to believe that tthey trends are shifting in any significant way. But as you know, we continue to watch it closely. We did ship ttheir past quarter tthey first set of capabilities around student technology analytics. As you have theyard me say before, I think student technology analytics as a concept maybe started out as a bespoke education product. It's turned into a broader set of intelligence capabilities that I think are more impactful clearly within education, but ttheyn also, I would say, outside of education. And we are making significant inroads in that space as well. We actually started to staff out our data science team that will be contributing to some of that. We are starting to build out some of tthey new capabilities. We did do an announcement with one of our school districts in tthey education space last quarter that did talk about ttheyir adoption of student technology analytics. Although as I said, as an initial set capabilities, it's still relatively early days with using analytics in tthey education space. Doug Taylor Okay. And any way you theylp us quantify tthey contract issue? And has that now been signed? And I mean should we expect that to just snap back in terms of tthey ACV in Q3 I guess? Christy Wyatt So tthey issue without being able to go into too many details, ttheir wasn't an issue of a contract between us and our customer. Ttheir had more to do with how ttheyy were procuring in tthey industry. So it's our understanding that ttheir has largely been resolved. And so we are not expecting any more unusual activity. But again, we are watching it closely as we go through tthey quarter. Doug Taylor Okay. Last question for me. You have mentioned hiring, potentially leading to some pressure on margins in tthey back half tthey year. What is it that gives you confidence you will be able to fill all tthey open requisitions because not hitting your hiring targets and outperforming on EBITDA as a result has been sort of a nice problem that you have had over tthey past few quarters, a kind of a recurring ttheyme. So any comment you can provide ttheyre on your ability to attract talent? And I will pass tthey line after that. Thank you. Christy Wyatt Sure. So ttheir was actually a great quarter for us in being able to fill our open reqs. As you know, we sort of came into tthey fiscal year establishing our annual operating plan and being pretty prescriptive about wtheyre we wanted to invest in tthey business. I think we have made significant inroads in a variety of those areas. I touctheyd on some of ttheym, I think, in critical sales roles, in tthey data science teams and some of our ottheyr product leadership areas. So I think we have made significant inroads in filling most of that capacity. We still have, clearly we are still growing and we still have a handful of areas that we are still looking at. But I think we feel really good about wtheyre we are going into tthey second half of tthey year. Doug Taylor Thank you. Christy Wyatt Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi. Good afternoon. Regarding tthey realignment of tthey education sales team, can you just expand? Was that a question of just swapping out some of tthey individuals on tthey team? Or is ttheyre some change in go-to-market and how your sales are broker-structured? Christy Wyatt I think we have talked in earlier calls and by tthey way, hi Thanos. Thanks for tthey question. We have talked in I previous calls about some of tthey turnover we were seeing with in some parts of our sales organization. Part of it had to do with strategic shifts. I think some of that had to do with focus on very different skill sets. I think that we have had some fantastic leadership in that space and I think ttheyy have done a great job of being able to fill out those teams with exactly tthey kind of folks we would love to see in tthey building. So as I said, I think that we are feeling very good. I think Leigh commented that we are more than 90% of capacity in all of our selling functions including education. So we feel really good about that. Thanos Moschopoulos Great. R&D theyadcount has come down by 10% in tthey last six months. How much of that is a decision to scale back your investments versus may be a temporary, I guess, realignment while you reposition in terms of resources that you have in your R&D team? Leigh Ramsden Hi Thanos. It's Leigh. So I don't think we have an intentional reduction in tthey number of theyads, but we are experiencing somewhat increased costs on a per theyad basis as we move forward. So I think you are seeing tthey reflection of that dynamic. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And ttheyn in terms of, I guess, key areas that you are focusing on hiring through tthey second half, are ttheyy more concentrated in one area versus anottheyr as far as sales and marketing versus R&D? Christy Wyatt I don't know that I have a breakout of that for you today, Thanos. I think that we still have a number of open theyads in a variety of different areas. But as I said, I think from a selling capacity, tthey first half of tthey year in our selling organization was really focused on filling those up in reqs and now we are really focused on how we accelerate ttheyir onboarding along with some of tthey ottheyr renewals initiatives that I touctheyd on earlier. I would say, in R&D, we also have a number of open reqs but we have talked before about how we have theyld back investment in some areas to be able to accelerate ottheyrs, especially those around big data and analytics and some of our move to cloud. We made significant inroads in kind of building out and staffing out our cloud team as well. I would say, as I said, we feel very good going into our, look, if you look at our annual initiatives going into tthey second half of tthey year. Thanos Moschopoulos Great. And ttheyn finally on tthey international business. You mentioned strength in Latin America. Can you elaborate in terms of what verticals you are seeing that in, what countries? Christy Wyatt I don't think we have ever breakout by country within Latin America. I think we have seen very strong traction with some of our partners, specifically in tthey mid-market, although we had some interesting new customer acquisitions around education and federal last quarter, interestingly enough. So I think that I don't know if ttheyre is a more detailed breakout of Latin America that I can provide at ttheir time. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. Great. I will pass tthey line. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from tthey line of David Kwan from PI Financial. David Kwan Hi Christy. Hi Leigh. Christy Wyatt Hi David. David Kwan On tthey Persistence as a Service, I guess you also got your first customer live and out in of tthey market ttheyre. Can you talk about tthey revenue model for that? Christy Wyatt So I don't think we have broken out tthey revenue model in detail. As we said, ttheir first initial customer was really around establishing a technical model. I don't know that -- it's certainly not at scale at ttheir point in time. But tthey best analogy I can sort of draw, you shouldn't envision it as being an enterprise licensing model, tthey way that you see it in our ottheyr enterprise licensing software products. You should think of it more as a sort of transaction service, almost micro-transaction service. So as you envision that, you have devices with any number of different agents running on ttheym. If some number of those are activated and have some Persistence capabilities ttheyn ttheyy would be calling back into us uniquely and independently on an application basis. So that's probably tthey best description of what we are doing that I can provide. But I don't think we have broken out a separate revenue model for it. David Kwan Okay. And ttheyn on tthey data center that you have in tthey EU, was it something wtheyre it was, I guess, preventing you guys from winning materially more business in tthey EU and now that you have it ttheyre that we could see even stronger growth? Is that what's tthey dynamic is ttheyre? Christy Wyatt I think, at least in my time theyre at Absolute, I think our investment in EU has been quite localized and we have been going in with specific partners, especially around tthey U.K. area. But we have a fair number of customers in a variety of different parts of tthey EU. I wouldn't say that we have been seeing a lot of friction but I do think that ttheir does open up a whole new level of opportunity for us. I think one of tthey things you have to know going into tthey EU with any sort of data product is that GDPR and privacy and compliance is a big part of tthey conversation and we wanted to make sure that both with our security certifications as well as our privacy architecture, we had tthey ability to be able to meet that in a really scalable way. But I think it probably more it speaks to our strategy more around our architecture, our core architecture than it does to just uniquely an EU strategy. I think we see ttheir move to tthey cloud as being a way that enables us to reach more customers in a variety of different data configurations you could admission over time. Some customers are very comfortable with tthey public cloud. Some customers would like ttheyir data closer to home in a private cloud. And so ttheir is, I think, a much more fundamental architectural shift that we are working on as we go again closer towards our vision of Absolute as a data platform. David Kwan All right. Thanks Christy. On tthey hiring plans, I guess previously talking about, especially on tthey R&D side, can you talk about, I guess, tthey challenges that you are facing? I assume you are probably seeing some attrition theyre in Vancouver given how tight labor market is. Are you looking to move more of that work over to Vietnam? I am assuming that maybe a better market for you guys, obviously lower cost as all. Christy Wyatt I think we are very happy with our investment in Vietnam. I think we are very happy with tthey stability and tthey productivity of that team. We find ttheym to be an incredibly innovative team. I think across all of our major hiring centers, San Jose, Austin, Vancouver, all of ttheyse are increasingly difficult markets to be attracting talent within. That said, I think we have done a reasonably good job of giving, especially engineers, a platform something to get excited about, something interesting to work on. I don't think we have any major moves in tthey short term future to move more development capacity overseas. But it's always, keeping tthey right balance, is always something we are sort of keeping an eye on. Our primary development facility clearly remains in Vancouver. David Kwan Okay. Thanks. Just on tthey government side, tthey ACV growth has been trending down over tthey last year. I think just a bit under 10% ttheir quarter. Can you talk about tthey dynamic ttheyre and wtheyttheyr we could see that growth hopefully rebounding into tthey mid-teens maybe? Leigh Ramsden Hi David. So a lot of our sales team is, tthey education sales team also works on state and government, which is a large percentage of tthey government number that we report. And I think tthey dynamic that we explained on tthey education side played out somewhat on tthey government side as well. David Kwan Has tthey realignment of tthey sales team impacted government side? Leigh Ramsden Correct. Christy Wyatt So wtheyre we had gaps and we had sales reps or sales leaders that were covering multiple territories, if those territories had state and local accounts as well as education accounts, we saw some of tthey effect on that as well. David Kwan So hopefully, we should see a rebound in tthey coming quarters ttheyn, I guess, hopefully? Christy Wyatt We believe those teams are well staffed and well-prepared as ttheyy go into tthey second half of tthey year. David Kwan Okay. Perfect. I guess one last question, just on tthey education side, obviously a tough quarter for you guys. I think a quarters back, you had a nice ELA win ttheyre. Can you talk about interest from customers on adopting site-wide licenses because obviously that could have a fairly significant impact on tthey ACV and obviously tthey retention? Christy Wyatt So I don't think we have seen any waning of interest in site licenses. Clearly, site licenses being a longer sales cycle would have some effect as of tthey same of resource tensions that we talked about a little bit earlier. I think we are spending a lot of time right now taking a look at sort of go-to-market both sort of tthey licensing efficiency of how we attach with new customers as well as sort of upsell and expand. Part of ttheir is, again, as we are constantly looking at selling model and looking at how we accelerate and ttheyn also a part of ttheir is a part of our new thinking and our partnership with ServiceSource and how we think about freeing up more of our valuable selling capacity to focus on new ACV acceleration as opposed to spending more of that capacity on sort of renewals. So I don't think we have seen any change in tthey interest level. I think our attention is more focused is on tthey efficiency and how we accelerate that process for our selling teams. David Kwan Okay. Great. Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Christy Wyatt All right. Thank you. I want to thank you all for joining our call today. We look forward to our next update following Q3. Have a great day. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.