Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF) Q3 2016 Earnings Conference Call May 10, 2016 8:30 AM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - CEO Errol Olsen - CFO Analysts Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Paul Steep - Scotia Capital Inc. Blair Abernethy - IA Securities Kevin Krishnaratne - Paradigm Capital Richard Tse - Cormark Securities Operator Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey section of its quarterly MD&A. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Tuesday, May 10th, at 8:30 AM Eastern Time. I'd like to turn tthey call over now to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 fiscal 2016 conference call. Joining me today is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. I am pleased to report. We continue to demonstrate substantial quarterly progress both in terms of executing against key strategic initiatives and in demonstrating improved financial results associated with tthey changes we've made to our business.  Growth ttheir quarter was driven by tthey strong performance of our targeted theyalth care and corporate businesses, improved productivity by our customer acquisition team and tthey enrichment of our core persistence in DDS product offerings. Q3 DDS revenue was $21.7 million up 2% from Q3 fiscal 2015. Recurring revenue represented 99% of Q3 revenue and grew 5% year on year. Commercial ACV increased by 2% globally as well as in North America.  Ttheir reflected an improved performance in existing customer net ACV retention of 100% both globally and in North America. New customer ACV was over $1 million. DDS billings in Q3 were $20.1 million representing a 9% increase from Q3 2015. We continue to build momentum in tthey areas of product and market focus. I remain confident both billings and ACV will expand into Q4 and fiscal year 2017. Ttheyse strength in results will continue to reflect Progress against our strategic priorities which I will now summarize.  Our product strategy continues to focus on enabling enterprises to understand and manage end point in Information related risk by leveraging our pervasively embedded and entirely unique Absolute persistence technology. In support of ttheir in Q3 We made major announcements that extend Absolute capabilities Around Our two product functionality pillars persistence and awareness.  Persistence refers to absolute ability to maintain tthey effectiveness of an endpoint agent. Through our OEM factory embedded position on an endpoint device, we are uniquely able to report on tthey effectiveness of endpoint agents and repair or replace agents that have become damaged or disabled.  Up until recently ttheir persistent capability focused exclusively on tthey protection of absolute DDS agent. We are now focusing on extending ttheir capability to enable enterprises to sustain ottheyr endpoint agents. Two recent major announcements reflect tthey progress we're making in ttheir area. Firstly in Q3 we officially launctheyd our Microsoft SCCM repair feature. Ttheir allows us to provide full cycle support to our customers who rely on Microsoft SCCM to manage ttheyir end point. Ttheir includes reporting on tthey presence and theylp of an SCCM software agent and repairing it if it is not operating properly.  Market interest has been significant but ttheir new capability. Ttheir reflects tthey ubiquitous nature of SCCM within enterprises. By leveraging absolute to maintain an active effective SCCM agent. Our customers can reliably and resiliently execute tthey configuration patching and protection of ottheyr endpoint agents that depend on SCCM for management. Since its introduction a few short months ago Absolute SCCM features have been deployed on over 2.6 million Customer devices.  Ttheir represents tthey fastest new feature adoption in absolute theirtory. Secondly in April we officially launctheyd our persistent services offering, extending our persistence functionality to any endpoint agents or application. Ttheir enables enterprises to ensure that business critical endpoint applications remain installed and effective Executing an automatic reinstallation of tthey application If it missing, damaged or removed. Ttheir capability materially enhances tthey value of end point Application investments Enterprises have made.  Our business pipeline for persistent services is growing quickly. One of our first customer deployments is allegiance, tthey largest privately theyld staffing company in tthey world. Ttheyy are leveraging tthey service to maintain ttheyir corporate VMs VPN software Over fifteen thousand endpoints across hundreds of offices around tthey world. Ttheir allows ttheym to provide secure network access to tthey remote workforce with no interruptions to productivity or unapproved work around.  Ttheyse Q3 persistent platform announcements are significant. For tthey first time we are monetizing our persistence capabilities in tthey context of non-absolute software applications. With our persistence technology embedded in over a billion devices, ttheir materially expands our total available market opportunity. As importantly it is our belief that persistence has tthey potential to emerge as an unparalleled new standard for enterprise end point application positioning Absolute as a default and point security technology and a critical Enterprise defense layer. Realizing tthey revenue opportunities associated with our persistence platform will be a top absolute priority.  In addition to focusing directly on driving Enterprise adoption we will explore partnering opportunities with software vendors enabling ttheym to offer persistent versions of ttheyir applications and leveraging ttheir capability as ttheyir competitive advantage. Our second area of product focus is awareness. Ttheir refers to tthey ability of our DDS agent to catch a rich end point telemetry that enterprises can leverage to assess tthey risk profile of a user or a device. Traditionally Absolute telemetry focused on device characteristics and user properties.  With tthey deployment of endpoint, data discovery or EDD, Enterprises can now observe and point data attributes. EDD is highly customizable and enables a customer to identify any information on an end point ttheyy consider to be sensitive. EDD extends ttheir oversight to devices of tthey corporate network a traditional and substantial blind spot for enterprises. Ttheir is a powerful differentiator for Absolute. By combining end point data observations with ottheyr device and user telemetry our customers can identify and determine tthey potential severity of an endpoint security incident. Ttheyy can ttheyn leverage Absolute remediation technology to execute an appropriate response Based on tthey level of risk assessed.  Ttheir combination of capabilities is foundational to understanding and managing Insider threat related risk. Tthey last few months have represented an enormously productive period of product innovation. Tthey richness and cadence of feature and function announcements are tthey direct result of our decision to focus singularly undated and device security and tthey hire one of tthey most prominent and experienced product in development leadership teams in tthey industry. Tthey market's response to our new offerings has been enthusiastic resulting in a steadily growing pipeline of sales opportunities. Perhaps most excitingly we are seeing adoption activity well beyond our traditional OEM attactheyd Business wtheyre DDS is bundled with tthey hardware order.  While ttheir part of our business remains strong our customers are increasingly recognizing ttheyse new absolute features are most valuable wtheyn deployed broadly throughout an organization. Ttheir is driving increased customer interest in Enterprise wide deployments and reducing our dependence on traditional attachments to new devices. We will continue to invest and leverage product innovation as a primary growth driver. Enriching a roadmap with marketable features, executing predictably against our commitments and leveraging our new features to impact renewal. Expansion and new customer acquisition performance. As stated in previous quarters we continue to focus our go to market and investments on those specific geographic and vertical markets that represent tthey greatest return on investment for absolute. As a result ttheyse target markets are leading absolute's accelerated growth.  Corporate and theyalth care billings were up 25% year-on-year. Additionally over 80% of our new customer ACV were from corporate and theyalth care customers. In addition to strong overall results we are encouraged by tthey caliber of customer adoption. In Q3 we executed our largest non-education renewal ever. With one of tthey biggest theyalth care coverage and benefits providers in tthey United States. In ttheyir environment DDS has been deployed to an Enterprise license agreement to assess tthey risk profile of a user based on ttheyir employment status and point usage patterns and to remediate any risk associated with malicious or negligent insiders.  Our largest new customer win was with PayPal one of tthey most prominent online payment platforms in tthey world serving customers in over two hundred countries. Ttheyy are deploying DDS as a standard to identify and manage Information risk associated with employee and contractor and point use. Ttheyse use cases centering around information protection and insider threat related risk are prominent among large new Enterprise users.  Anottheyr common ttheyme is tthey adoption of Absolute technology in stages. Notable new customers in previous quarters ttheir year that expanded ttheyir deployments into Q3 included Facebook, PRow price and capital one. In Q3 we continued to see performance improvements reflected throughout our reorganized and increasingly productive sales organization.  Tthey inside sales teams which we created in tthey second half of last year to cover existing SMB and enterprise account exceeded ttheyir objectives for tthey third consecutive quarter. Tthey strategic account team which we introduced into Q1 of ttheir year to manage tthey renewal expansion of our largest accounts also perform strongly expanding ACV for tthey second consecutive quarter. Finally tthey new customer acquisition team continued to progress strongly delivering a building performance up 78% over Q2. Over a third of our entire field organization met or exceeded ttheyir objectives in Q3. Tthey continual increase in tthey productivity of ttheir team remain a top priority. Our focus in Q4 is on supporting our sales organization with tthey capabilities required to most productively engage large enterprise accounts and tthey soptheirticated use cases ttheyy represent. Ttheir includes enriching and expanding both pre-sales and professional services capacity to execute tthey product demonstrations proof of concept and multi-platform solution implementations which are characteristic of our more prominent new customer win.  In summary, we entered Q4 with a substantially elevated and demonstrated capacity to innovate and execute. Most notably we have tthey strongest set of product offerings in our theirtory. Leveraging our persistence platform optimized around end point related insider threat detection and protection and increasingly validated by some of tthey most discriminating and soptheirticated Enterprises in tthey world. I expect results will continue tthey strengttheyn Q4 and throughout Fiscal year 2017.  Now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financial results in more detail. Errol? Errol Olsen Thanks Geoff. Good morning everyone. Q3 DDS Segment revenue of $21.7 million grew 2% year-over-year. Recurring revenue in Q3 grew 5% year-over-year and 99% of ttheir quarter's DDS revenue was derived from occurring term licenses As compared to 95% in Q3 of fiscal 2015. Year to date DDS segment revenue was $63.9 million at 3% year-over-year increase. Within our Absolute DDS segment during Q3 our commercial ACV base increased 2% globally and also increased 2% in North America.  On a year-to-date basis, tthey DDS ACV base increased 2% globally and 4% in North America. Q3 net ACV rotation from existing customers was 101% both globally and in North America. In terms of new customer performance during Q3 we added $1 million of incremental ACV from new customers globally of which 80% Related to customers from tthey corporate and theyalth care verticals. Ttheir compares to 74% from tthey vertical thing Q2 and 36% in Q1. Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey third quarter was $2.8 million which was down from $6.8 million in Q3 of last year. Year to date adjusted EBITDA was down from $9.2 million was down from $15.1 million in tthey prior year. Tthey decrease in EBITDA is reflective of tthey removal of endpoint in service management revenue while adjusted operating expenses which are defined in our press release and MD&A were up 9% year-over-year in Q3 and were up 4% year to date.  Tthey expense increase is due primarily to investment in our significantly enhanced Product development capability which Geoff highlighted our revamped sales teams and increased marketing activity. Additionally Q3 of last year included tthey impact of a $700,000 positive adjustment to R&D investment tax credit accruals. Our theyadcount at March 31 with 427 which was up from 411 at tthey December 31 and relatively flat compared to 425 at March 31of last year.  Turning now to cast flow. Q3 cash from operating activities with $0.1 million down from $5.3 million in Q3 Of last fiscal year. At a high level cash flow for tthey quarter is reflective of a prior quarter billing of $19 million which were largely collected Q3 Offset by $18.8 million of adjusted operating expenses in tthey current quarter which were mostly paid in tthey quarter.  With ottheyr changes being related to working capital. DDS segment billings in Q3 were $20.1 million, a 9% increase over Q3 of fiscal 2015. Commercial billing for North America were also up 9% year-over-year And represented 90% of total commercial billing. International commercial billings were up 13% year-over-year. With tthey increase coming primarily from our Latin American operations.  From a market vertical perspective billings from tthey combined corporate theyalthcare verticals increased 25% year-over-year and represented 58% of our total commercial billing for tthey quarter. Billing from tthey education and government vertical were down 7% year-over-year with tthey decrease being primarily related to North American government market.  Looking now to our outlook for tthey remainder of fiscal 2016. Our expectations for tthey year remain generally unchanged. We expect fiscal 2016 revenue for tthey absolute DDS and consumer businesses to increase over fiscal 2015 level but for total reported revenue to decrease year-over-year reflecting tthey divestiture of tthey endpoint and service management products segment.  We expected EBITDA for fiscal 2016 to decrease from fiscal 2015 reflecting tthey lower total revenue and a slight increase in adjusted operating expenses. We expect absolute DDS billings for Q4 Fiscal 2016 to increase over Q4 fiscal 2015 level And for a full year 2016 absolute DDS billings to be roughly in line with fiscal 2015 level. Cash from operating activities for Q4 fiscal 2016 and. For full year fiscal 2016 are affected to be below comparable fiscal 2015 level reflecting tthey previously described changes In addition to working capital movements. And finally capital expenditures for fiscal 2016 will be highly concentrated in tthey fourth quarter with tthey expected Q4 CapEx of $2 million to $2.5 million. Ttheyse expenditures relate primarily to our hosted infrastructure and our Vancouver office expansion. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator Please open up tthey call for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital, Please go atheyad. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, good morning. Your guidance calls for a strong billings growth next quarter. Can you speak your level of confidence regarding that, is that being driven by a large renewal opportunity or you're also looking for a significant uptick in new customer acquisition as well.  Geoff Haydon That's a good question, it's a combination of both I mean We are expecting a strong willed performance are expiring bases up in Q4 over Q4 year ago we're seeing good momentum Throughout both of tthey, or all of tthey renewal and expansion teams as I mentioned, in obviously we're looking to continue to increase tthey momentum in performance of tthey new customer acquisition team. And just a common in that we don't normally provide quarterly guidance. Obviously ttheyre are conclusions being drawn from tthey statement that we've made about tthey year performance and I'll restate. We expect our billings ttheir year to be roughly in line with our billings last year and wtheyn I say roughly that allows in our view a margin for error of 1% to 2% but we do expect to finish roughly in line with our billings for comments from last year.  Thanos Moschopoulos Okay, great. And ttheyn in terms of your persistence services; can you talk about tthey pipeline that you're seeing ttheyre and with tthey sales cycles be comparable to your broader DDS offering or would ttheyy be any difference and as far as tthey vertical make up anything you highlight on that front.  Geoff Haydon It's a really good question. It's too early to determine what tthey average sales cycle is. I will say that we've seen very enthusiastic immediate response to that launch as I mentioned we've already deployed tthey technology lean just so we've got a strong pipeline of both moving into Q4 in tthey new year and we're very optimistic about tthey growth prospects of that offering. We really view with ttheir having a couple of implications. First of all, it substantially enhances our total available market opportunity. We also view it as an opportunity to make our offering our core operating stickier within an enterprise which should positively impact renewal rate. Tthey persistent service offering is also an offering that benefits from broader adoption of enterprise so we're looking for it also to contribute to our expansion efforts and most perhaps notably it's a very compelling discussion for a new customer, a new prospect. So what we're seeing is a very high conversion rate between persistence services conversations and pipeline opportunities. It's too early to say how quickly those are going to convert Thanos but we're very optimistic about tthey prospects of that business.  Thanos Moschopoulos Great. And ttheyn finally it was nice to see tthey international growth ttheir quarter. Is staff business starting to find its footing or was that more driven by a one off deal?  Geoff Haydon You know we are rebuilding and establishing strong fundamentals internationally as I've mentioned many times and that involves essentially replicating tthey go to market structure that we've built and refined theyre in North America that includes tthey appointment of leaders in international ttheyatres and includes tthey coverage of our OEM partners. Tthey creation of an inside sales team and tthey establishment of a direct sales presence in those specific countries that were targeting for growth, we are well underway at doing that in all of our international ttheyaters and tthey objective alternately Is to drive a more consistent and predictable accelerated growth. It's too early to say that tthey work that we've done in rebuilding those businesses is impacting results in Q3 or Q4. We're still highly dependent on one ttheyater or a couple of large deals to drive. Tthey proponents of tthey international business we really expect tthey investments that we've made in international ttheyaters to start to pay off throughout fiscal 2017. Thanos Moschopoulos Great, thanks Geoff. I will pass it on. Geoff Haydon Thanks, Thanos. Operator And your next question comes from Doug Taylor with Canaccord. Please go atheyad. Doug Taylor Thanks, good morning. I'll keep pressing on tthey persistence services piece I think it's particularly important to tthey long term outlook your story on tthey Microsoft SCCM uptakes been pretty impressive. I mean how should we view that as showing up in your financial results, I mean is ttheir part of what's driving that net retention rate higtheyr As customers upgrade to a higtheyr tier? Or is it factoring into your new customer conversations? Can you expand on that?  Geoff Haydon Doug, it's a really good question I'll comment. So it's offered that in both our professional and premium DDS offering that SCCM and report repair capability and that represents tthey majority of our current customer base. So that launch at least initially has been largely deployed by a combination of existing and new customers but very largely by existing customers. It's too early to say that it impacted renewals in Q3 but our expectation is that by activating that feature it makes tthey technology stick you're an existing customer environments and we do expect that it will impact renewal rates moving forward. Tthey ottheyr comment to make about tthey SCCM feature is that it is tthey most notable feature in terms of being tthey most valuable wtheyn it is deployed broadly across an enterprise. Tthey whole purpose of it is to theylp customers identify wtheyttheyr ttheyy have SCCM agents that are not active or a fact of. And so what we have seen in tthey short term is an impact on tthey adoption rates throughout existing customers and we do expect it will materially impact expansion rates In future quarters. Finally, it has emerged as one of tthey most compelling new features for customer prospects so it is definitely contributing substantially to tthey development of tthey pipeline and we are optimistic that it will drive a new customer acquisition activity moving into Q4 in tthey new year.  Doug Taylor Okay. Question for Errol, at what working capital can you use a jerk around quite a bit or expecting some sort of stabilization ttheyre in Q4? I think your guidance would suggest some working capital investment again in tthey quarter but correct me if I'm wrong, how do you expect that to flow through into tthey New Year?  Errol Olsen Sure, you're right over tthey last couple of quarters both Q2 and Q3 I think that our working capital with a little bit a typical with our DSOs lower than our traditional average and DPOs were actually little bit higtheyr. I do expect those ratios to normalize in Q4 and going into tthey New Year.  Doug Taylor Okay. Last question for me should we imply from your comments lower OpEx growth than we had previously Ttheir year and That still imply a pretty big ramp seasonal ramp in Q4 in OpEx from some seasonal?  Errol Olsen You're right. In that ttheyre were ttheyre, we do expect a seasonal ramp in OpEx. Overall we expect our annual OpEx for fiscal 2016 still to be up low single digits over fiscal 2015 and I will take tthey opportunity to speak a little bit about what we expect going into fiscal 2017. We're not expecting any sort of stepping increases in investment. We do believe that we have capacity in tthey organization and particularly within our go to market Infrastructure. So we expect our fiscal 2017 less than 10% increase in OpEx going into tthey year and through tthey year.  Doug Taylor That addresses my next question. Alright I will pass it on.  Operator Your next question comes from Paul Steep with Scotia Capital. Please go atheyad.  Paul Steep Thanks, Geoff can you talk a little bit about new customer acquisition and progress Ttheyre Tthey team's been making and Maybe confirm as well that Billings in tthey quarter look like complete $3 million to new customers? Geoff Haydon So yes that's correct. We saw very positive progress in both billings and new customer ACV throughout tthey course of tthey quarter and not just in terms of tthey Absolute dollars but tthey caliber of customers that we're starting to penetrate and tthey soptheirtication and type of deployments that ttheyy're characterized by. You know ttheir Insider threat tthey extension of persistence tthey use cases that we're really focused on driving tthey next generation of growth.  We learned a lot As well about what's involved in penetrating some of ttheyse large multinational Enterprises. Very often wtheyn we approach ttheym for tthey first time you know ttheyy may not have theyard of us, ttheyy may not be familiar with or believe that our technology is embedded on ttheyir devices.  Ttheyre is a lot of work involved in terms of demonstrating tthey technology, evaluating it doing a proof of concept in ttheyir environment wtheyre we act, wtheyre ttheyy exercise tthey technology you know very substantially, Ttheyy audit our service platform, ttheyy review our security posture. I mean ttheyy're introducing some new legal and commercial arrangements that we haven't been confronted with theirtorically so I'll say that we learned a great deal in addition to progressing tthey new customer acquisition activity financially we really matured and strengttheyned as an organization. And our objective moving into Q4 in tthey New Year is to continue to expand and accelerate our capacity to execute against tthey types of substantial customers that I highlighted during tthey course of tthey script earlier.  Paul Steep Great. And ttheyn tthey last two for me. If you've seen any experienced any change in tthey length of contracts that clients are taking in and secondly if you could just recap what theyadcount levels have been at? Think Based on tthey prior answer to Doug it sounds like that level is going to be stable but it would be just great to follow up thanks.  Errol Olsen Sure in terms of average contract length we did see a decrease in average contract in Q3. And tthey average contract was 32 months which compares to our theirtorical average of 36. If you recall last quarter we were at 35 and I did make a comment that theirtorically tthey average contract tends to fluctuate between 35 and 37. So ttheyre has been a decrease, we do expect that over time our average contract length will come down. I don't expect it to come down dramatically and certainly not a short-term. But as we increase our expansion into tthey corporate theyalthcare verticals and we're deploying more broadly an enterprise license type agreement, I do expect we'll see more annual contract with large customers like we did with tthey large theyalthcare customer that renewed ttheir year but I just want to reiterate that we expect that ttheyse will be additive. I don't expect any sort of cannibalization of our traditional prepaid model, and tthey fact I expect it will continue to expand in that prepaid model as well. And so with tthey second part of tthey question -- theyadcount, so for theyadcount we were 427 at March 31, I expect we'll end tthey year somewtheyre around 440 to 450. And for fiscal 2017 it's a little too early for me to project out what tthey theyadcount might be for next year. Paul Steep No problem. Thanks. Geoff Haydon Thanks, Paul. Operator Your next question comes from Blair Abernethy with IA Securities. Please go atheyad. Blair Abernethy Geoff, I'm wondering if you could dive in a little bit more on to tthey government vertical side of things, it seems -- sounds like it was a little bit weak ttheyre. Can you just explain what's going on and how you think in that vertical some of your new products are going to be playing? Geoff Haydon Blair it's a great question. I will suggest that our government business is modest -- our investment in our government business is modest. And it is not a strong business fundamentally. Wtheyre we close a large deal, tthey performance is good. Wtheyn we don't it isn't -- as it was in ttheir quarter. One of tthey observations that our new Chief Commercial Officer has made in a short time they has been with tthey company is tthey federal and state and local government, both represent substantial growth opportunities for Absolute. And as we move into tthey New Year, we are looking at elevating our level of investment in and presence around both, federal and state and local government. We'll do so thoughtfully as we have done internationally but we do believe ttheyre is an opportunity for us to build once again a stronger fundamental capability around tthey public sector and to deliver more predictable and consistent, and certainly more impressive results around both, federal and state and local. Blair Abernethy Okay, that's great. And shifting to ttheir commentary you've made around partnering with software companies or OEM-ing your technology into ottheyr software companies. Can you -- I know it's early days but do you have a sense as to how soon we might see some developments on that side and how fast I could ramp up? Geoff Haydon Yes, it's speculative at ttheir point, we just announced tthey offering. Recently as you know, we've seen substantial activity within tthey enterprise sector which has been our first wave of growth focus is to drive enterprise adoption. In conjunction with that we have deployed a team of business development leads to focus on identifying and starting to engage prospective targets but it's too early to say Blair how quickly we're going to be able to materialize those but I can tell you that we regard ttheir whole persistence opportunity as being substantial as I referenced earlier, not just in terms of total available market opportunity but just in terms of strategic importance. We really do believe tthey capacity to hardwire an endpoint application has tthey potential to emerge as a very broadly adopted enterprise standard. And so our growth track will focus both on driving adoption directly with enterprises, driving adoption with enterprises through our traditional partnership with OEMs and bars but as well looking to very actively engage ISV partnership. So that's a top priority, I just -- I can't tell you how quickly it's going to materialize in tthey form of a partnership or in terms of additional revenue. Blair Abernethy Okay, fair enough. Thanks very much. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Kevin Krishnaratne with Paradigm Capital. Please go atheyad. Kevin Krishnaratne Good morning, guys. A question for you on tthey profile of some of tthey new clients. You said that you're winning -- you mentioned that PayPal and Facebook; I'm wondering if you can speak about any change in tthey type of devices that new clients like ttheyse are taking? I know you're traditionally a laptop -- majority of your devices out ttheyre are laptops but is ttheyre a shift in more cell phones or tablets and anything that you can comment on used cases, what ttheyy are seeing, why ttheyy -- why ttheyse companies would be moving to your solution? Are ttheyy seeing an explosion in data on ttheyir devices and tthey need to secure that? Just want to understand some of tthey changing dynamics that you're seeing with some of tthey new customers. Geoff Haydon No, it's a great question. I mean we're seeing a couple of dynamics, first of all, an explosion, just in tthey ttheyyer number of devices; desktops, laptops, tablets, smartphones and typically users possessing a multiple and combination of those devices. We're seeing obviously a substantial increase in tthey growth of enterprise information but also a fundamental shift in information towards endpoints from data centers and I think one of tthey large analysts referenced that almost a third of enterprise information now resides exclusively on endpoint. So all of ttheyse dynamics are driving growth and investment and tthey types of technologies that we're selling laptops, typically predominate adoptions but because once again of tthey features pictures that we're introducing like SCCM, life persistence, it's really driving a much broader adoption of technology throughout an enterprise; for example, we're starting to see a lot of desktop activity. Tthey agents, tthey challenge with agents and applications and end points is not limited to laptops so for tthey first time we've started to see substantial expansion in tthey desktop environment which is quite unique. We're certainly seeing an accelerated adoption in tablets and smartphones and we do regard that as a tremendous growth opportunity for us moving forward but once again, one of tthey fundamental design objectives for new features and functions is to drive broad adoption. We want to announce features that customers will benefit tthey most from deploying ttheym across ttheyir entire endpoint population that is tthey ultimate objective from our perspective, both in terms of our technology development and our sales execution. Kevin Krishnaratne That's great to theyar. And I guess, nice to see all tthey great product launctheys, and I know you've had some previous launctheys with respect to RSA and on tthey previous call you noted that ttheyre might have been some prospective customers who may have been using tthey RSA dashboard, may have been reluctant to add anottheyr dashboard like Absolute. Any any commentary on now with tthey RSA integration any tthey evidence of customers warming up to taking your solution that may have not ottheyrwise been? Geoff Haydon Yes, definitely. And without getting specific several of our large new enterprise users are also RSA customer. I regard it tthey ability to feed our telemetry to an incident event management platform like our a sales is being tables takes in tthey enterprise, we've been told that by several of our large enterprise users and some of tthey enterprise users that had challenged us to provide that functionality theirtorically are now adopting our technology and consuming our telemetry through ttheyir analytics platforms. RSA represents tthey most progressed partnership but I'll tell you also that we're making our telemetry available in an industry standard Syslog wtheyre matic can be consumed by just about any analytics or instant event management platform. But we will look to establish and progress ottheyr partnerships with ottheyr prominent analytics companies in tthey spirit of driving tighter integration for customers and also ultimately ideally leveraging go to market capabilities through some of ttheyse partnerships but ttheir idea of connecting our persistence in DDS technology to ottheyr ecosystem partnerships is really central to our growth strategy. One of tthey things we like about tthey persistence services is that it's not only a compelling offering on its own but it really enrictheys tthey value proposition of ottheyr companies that are selling end point technology. So we view that as a very substantial ecosystem. We also think about tthey incident event management in analytics firms as potential partners and ottheyr security providers and in our view tthey more technologies -- complementary technologies, we can integrate DDS or persistence into tthey more valuable -- our valued proposition is for an enterprise. Kevin Krishnaratne Great, thanks for that and now just one final one, perhaps for Errol. Just on tthey billings strength in tthey quarter. Any kind of one-time items to think about I know -- I think on tthey last call you'd mentioned that ttheyre might have been a shifting of a large deal from Q2 into Q3, was any of that evident in tthey quarter and is ttheyre any way to quantify that number. Just kind of want to get a sense of what more normalized billings might have looked like? Errol Olsen Sure. Ttheyre was one large customer, ttheyir renewal shift is from Q2 into Q3. Tthey original renewal was about $1.2 million renewal, that customer actually expanded as well by about 30%. That would be tthey only lumpiness that I would call out in tthey billings for tthey quarter. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys. Errol Olsen Thank you, Kevin. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Richard Tse with Cormark Securities. Please go atheyad. Richard Tse As you look at tthey new persistence services businesses, can you maybe give us a sense of how tthey revenue model works on that? Is it similar to tthey former businesses and maybe it's just a bit of color on that, please. Geoff Haydon Now it is a fixed price per agent per end-point per year. And so it is incremental who are traditional DDS offering which is exciting but it all also represents an opportunity to engage or activate a new customer. So we're thinking about that offering also is kind of a land and expand opportunity, an opportunity to get to our technology embedded on set of enterprise and ttheyn to watch our ottheyr DDSP driven functions overtime but it is incremental to our traditional DDS business. Richard Tse So in tthey case of tthey Microsoft CCME to tthey 2.6 million devices deployed, what would tthey revenue opportunity be if all those were activated? Geoff Haydon I haven't got that figured out at tthey top of my theyad, I just -- we haven't done that calculation and preparation for ttheir but I'll state again, tthey majority of those just given tthey time that announcement has been or that offering has been and tthey market has been adopted by existing customers. So we expect tthey impact of that -- as I said earlier, to be on renewals and certainly on expansion overtime but I think that it will also drive a lot of our new customer acquisition conversations and opportunities moving forward. But I just -- I can't comment Richard on how material that's going to be from a specific revenue perspective. Richard Tse Okay. And ttheyn it looks like one of tthey good investment in terms of building out tthey product portfolio beyond DDS, if you look atheyad to tthey next year what proportion of your revenue do you expect to come from ttheyse new products theyre versus tthey older ones? Geoff Haydon I don't have a number because we really view ttheyse as part of our core product platform. Extensions of our core product platform so we're not thinking about ttheyse in terms of discrete components although we will model those out for planning purposes. But we're really thinking about ttheyse as enrichments of and extensions of our core persistence in DDS platform so we're not -- we're not thinking of ttheym in terms of -- discrete offerings so I guess I haven't got tthey number that I can share with you Richard. Richard Tse Okay, no problem. Geoff Haydon Ottheyr than with all of ttheyse offerings expand, ttheyy increase tthey stickiness of our technology, ttheyy will drive broader expansion and ttheyy sharpen our spear in terms of our new customer acquisition value proposition. So in our view tthey way that we're thinking about all of ttheyse is a means of accelerating growth. Richard Tse Okay. And just last one for me and it's maybe for Errol. Tthey CapEx increase in Q4 outside of tthey investment into tthey new office, what would that look to be dedicated to? I think you said that you're building up for data center, maybe a bit of color on that please. Errol Olsen Sure. I mean ttheir is -- a lot of it is related to hardware refrettheyyd within our data center and also increasing tthey scalability within tthey data center. So ttheyse are things like servers and server licenses, and that's about roughly half of that CapEx number for Q4. Richard Tse Okay, great. Thank you. Errol Olsen Thanks, Richard. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back over to Mr. Haydon. Geoff Haydon All right, well listen, let me close by saying thank you to everybody in tthey call for your continued support and interest, and we'll look forward to speaking with you in tthey coming days. Thank you. Operator And ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.