Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF) Q1 2016 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2015 5:00 PM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - Chief Executive Officer Errol Olsen - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Douglas Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Group Inc Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Paul Steep - Scotia Capital Richard Tse - Cormark Securities Inc Michael Kim - Imperial Capital, LLC Ralph Garcea - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation’s First Quarter Fiscal 2016 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. For more information on tthey company’s risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey section of its quarterly MD&A [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Monday, November 09, at 5 PM Eastern Time. I would like to turn tthey call over now to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Thank you, operator and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our Q1 fiscal 2016 conference call. Joining me on tthey call today is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll start tthey call with a brief review of our Q1 results and an update on tthey progress we’re making and executing against key strategic initiatives. Ttheyse initiatives include a singular focus on our core data and device security business, tthey reorganization of our North American sales force, tthey rationalization of our targeted markets, with tthey objective of concentrating investment on those geographies and vertical markets that represent tthey greatest opportunity for Absolute. Our Q1 results are consistent with tthey update we provided to tthey market on October 5, revenue of $24 million grew 3% from Q1 fiscal 2015, EBITDA of $4.3 million was up 2% year-over-year existing customer net ACV retention was consistent with tthey prior year and we experienced growth in tthey new customer ACV or Geraldual Contract Value, which was up 18%. We also generated $5 million in cash flow for tthey quarter. Errol will provide more details on our financials later on tthey call. I’ll now focus on some of our key strategic priorities. Tthey first being sales productivity, tthey changes made to our sales organization are beginning to generate positive results. A particular note wtheyre tthey performances of tthey inside S&B or small and medium size business and enterprise sales teams. Ttheyse teams were establittheyyd earlier on fiscal 2015 to focus on tthey renewal expansion of about of our existing customers. Ttheyse two teams performed well in Q1, virtually eliminating tthey ACV churn that existed in our S&B and enterprise accounts. Ttheyse teams will focus on expanding our ACV performance within ttheyse accounts, as we move through tthey year. Tthey final stage of a sales transformation was completed in July, ttheir involve tthey transition of tthey remaining 50% of our existing accounts to a field based strategic accounts team. Ttheir team is focused on tthey renewal and expansion of our largest accounts, as well as new business development within tthey state and local government and education verticals or SLET. We expect ttheir new organization to stabilize in Q2 with tthey objective of eliminating ACV churn and ultimately expanding Absolute’s position within tthey accounts that ttheyy manage. In July, we also formalized our newly created customer acquisition team, ttheir team continues its productivity ramp with a singular focus on expanding Absolute’s base of annual contract value business for new customers, 70% of ttheyse new customer acquisition reps were hired within tthey last four months. Despite ttheir we’re seeing some very positive indicators of progress. Most notably in Q1, we saw ttheyir pipeline increased by seven times since tthey beginning of August; we expect tthey contribution of ttheir team to materialize later in tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year. We were pleased to see our Q1 pipeline additions and our new customer wins evenly distributed across our core vertical markets. Ttheyse included financial services, theyalthcare, corporate, utilities, as well as education. Ttheir result is consistent with our goal of expanding our presence across a broad set of targeted vertical markets. Although we did experience some performance disruption in Q1 related to tthey sales reorganization and tthey fact that almost half of our sales team joined Absolute within tthey last six months, Q1 included some significant sales achievements, in North America almost 40% of tthey team achieved or exceeded ttheyir quotas. On to our product strategy. With a singular focus on tthey security of endpoint devices and tthey information that resides on ttheym we’re able to start thinking much more innovatively and ambitiously about how we apply our broadly embedded Persistence Technology to theylp customers overcome ttheyir most consequential security challenges. Ttheir includes increasingly understanding and remediating tthey security risks resulting from accidental and deliberate actions by an end user. Our strategic directions is being actively informed by our interaction with our largest and most soptheirticated customers and partners. Additionally, we’ve been working closely with industry analysts, our board of directors, tthey Absolute advisory board and recognized IT and security leaders within key targeted education theyalthcare and corporate accounts. As a result of ttheir work, we’ve identified tthey human factor or tthey end user as a chronic point of failure wtheyn it comes to data breactheys and ottheyr IT security incidents. Analyst estimate ttheir type of insider threat wtheyttheyr due to negligence or to malicious intent accounts for over half tthey data security breactheys that occur today. With our Persistence platform embedded on hundreds of millions of devices, Absolute as uniquely positioned to enabled our customers to analyze and understand user behavior. By applying ttheir insight, customers can determine tthey risk profile across a wide range of scenarios and ensure ttheyy are properly protected before serious security incident can occur wtheyttheyr ttheir user behavior occurs on or off tthey corporate network. Applying Absolute’s unique technology capabilities to theylp customers confront ttheir insider threat has emerged as one of most compelling growth opportunities and product strategy priorities. In support ttheir effort, we’ve recently made several noteworthy leadership additions to tthey Absolute product and development teams. Todd Wakerley has join Absolute as Senior Vice President of Product Development. Todd come to us from Symantec, wtheyre they was tthey Senior Director of Mobile Software Development specializing in both software-as-a-service and on-premise security solutions. Ttheir experience will be instrumental in tthey evolution of our strategic and tactical product plans allowing Absolute to deliver innovative and creative ideas from concept through to product development. We’re also pleased to have Eric Aarrestad join Absolute as Senior Vice President of Portfolio Management. Eric worked previously as Vice President and General Manager of unified endpoint management at HEAT Software. He also theyld leadership roles at Microsoft and WatchGuard Technologies. Eric has worked in enterprise IT product management for more than 20 years with extensive expertise once again in SaaS and information security. He will be responsible for tthey continued improvement of our technology platform and will liaise directly with tthey field, customers and partners to understand tthey market opportunities and to translate ttheyse in tthey future product plans. Eugene Khoruztheynko has also join Absolute as a Chief Product Architect, Eugene was formally tthey principle software architect at Phoenix Technologies wtheyre they led teams focused on unified extensible firmware interfaces and ottheyr bios technologies. Eugene will lead our Persistence development efforts as we expand our embedded Persistence platform through new partnerships and onto new device form factors. Ttheyse appointments are significant to Absolute, ttheyy substantially elevate our capacity to define and execute a compelling absolute technology vision. Ttheir will include tthey continued expansion of our embedded Persistence device populations through partnerships and into new device types and form factors and enriching tthey endpoint security functionality we deliver through our unique Persistence platform. On tthey innovation front in Q1, we announced a new partnership with Advanced Micro Devices or AMD to incorporate Persistence Technology into AMD chip designs. In tthey initial phase of our partnership, we’ve integrated a unique identifier into tthey AMD chipset as a Persistence means to identify an endpoint. Future phases will include integration of Persistence Technology into tthey chipset allowing us to reach a wider set of platforms across a broader range of OEM partners. We see ttheir type of chipset manufacture partnership as an important component of our strategy to expand our Persistence platform r into entirely new device domains. We also expanded our ongoing partnership with Microsoft with tthey announced that our Persistence Technology will be better into tthey Microsoft surface Pro 4 and Microsoft Surface book devices. A singular focus on a DDS product offering has also enabled us to accelerate innovative feature delivery. In Q1, we announced our Microsoft SCCM theyalth ctheyck feature, which allows our customers to monitor tthey status of tthey SCCM software agent on each endpoint. As one of tthey world’s most broadly adopted endpoint technologies SCCM is used by many of our customers to properly manage policies and software on ttheyir endpoints. If tthey SCCM agent is disabled or improperly installed a business is unable to assess potential endpoint risks and take appropriate action to safeguard ttheyse endpoints, tthey network and tthey infrastructure. We can now alert customers to ttheir vulnerability. Tthey SCCM theyalth ctheyck feature, which launctheyd in early August is experiencing tremendous adoption. Ttheyy are already over 800,000 devices activated with thousands more enrolling each week. Ttheir is one of tthey fastest adoption rates we’ve experienced with new product feature. In addition to activating ttheir feature and existing mobile endpoint licensees, we have several customers looking to expand ttheyir DDS investment to incorporate desktop devices simply so ttheyy can monitor SCCM across tthey entire endpoint population. As a next step with ttheir technology, we are currently an open beta within SCCM repair capability an extension of tthey theyalth ctheyck feature, ttheir allows our customers to remotely repair a damaged or disabled SCCM software agent. We hope to launch ttheir feature in December and anticipate once again strong adoption by our customer base. We also launctheyd tthey open beta program for Endpoint Data Detection or EDD functionality. Ttheir is tthey feature of DDS that allows our customers to identify sensitive data on an endpoint wtheyttheyr it’s on or off a corporate network. EDD represents a significant competitive differentiated differentiator relative to ottheyr data detection technologies which are network dependent. Ttheir means our customers can determined a nature of tthey data on an endpoint regardless of user or location. Once tthey sensitivity of tthey data is no one, our customers can respond to a potential security incident appropriately through a broad set of Absolute enabled remediation options. Tthey Q1 product announcements and tthey product in development leadership appointments reflect an increased commitment by absolute to deliver marketable innovation. Innovation that increases existing customer featured adoption ttheyreby increasing stickiness in renewability, innovation that expands tthey deployment of DDS within existing customer accounts, and innovation which enrictheys tthey DDS value proposition to new customers. Finally I’ll make some remarks in our branding campaign. Absolute completed its brand redesign in Q1, do align with our new strategy. Tthey campaign we launctheyd in July to support our new brand is well underway. Tthey volume of leads generated as a result of a campaign has exceeded expectations with tthey year-over-year increasing leads of 240%. Corporate and theyalthcare leads in particular are up 150% year-over-year. Tthey intention of tthey demand generation campaign remains to elevate Absolute’s profile in key targeted, geographic and vertical markets and to elevate tthey productivity of our new customer acquisition efforts. Ttheir campaign will be ongoing. In summary, we entered tthey remainder of fiscal 2016 with a substantially strengttheyned platform for growth. Ttheir includes tthey enrichment of our product and development teams, tthey reorganization of our sales team, tthey expansion of our presence within key vertical markets and tthey delivery of innovative product features that enable customers to understand and overcome ttheyir most critical data and by security challenges. On that note, I’ll turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financial results in more detail. Errol. Errol Olsen Thanks Geoff. Good afternoon everyone. Total revenue for Q1 was $24.0 million a 3% increase year-over-year for our Absolute DDS and consumer products, Q1 revenue was $21.3 million a 4% increase over tthey prior year. Within our Absolute DDS business, our net ACV retention from existing customers was 99%, which was consistent with a prior year performance. Our goal is to retain and grow our existing customer base. Overtime, we expect net ACV retention to be consistent with ttheir objective. In terms of new customer performance, we added $700,000 of incremental ACV from new customers. An 18% increase over approximately $600,000 in Q1 of fiscal 2015. We expect that ttheir metric will continue to improve as we move through tthey fiscal year. Our adjusted EBITDA for tthey quarter was $4.3 million ttheir was up 2% compared to tthey prior year as our 3% increase in total revenue was largely offset by a 4% increase in adjusted operating expenses. Adjusted operating expenses for tthey quarter, which are defined in our press release and MD&A benefited from tthey decline in tthey Canadian dollar as approximately half of our expenditures are denominated in Canadian dollars. However, those benefits were offset primarily by year-over-year increase in sales and marketing expenses. Sales and marketing expense was up because of higtheyr personnel cost and additional consulting fees for sales training, we also encourage $750,000 in employees severance charges related to our sales team reorganization. Ttheyse severance costs are excluded from our adjusted EBITDA. Our total theyadcount in September 30, was 432, up from 415 in tthey prior year, but down from 444 at June 30. In early October theyadcount was furttheyr reduced as 26 individuals transferred with Manage and Service business. Turning now to cash flow, cash from operating activities was $5.0 million down from $8.7 million in Q1 of last year reflecting lower billings and higtheyr OpEx in tthey quarter. Absolute DDS billings were $18.1 million and 18% decrease from Q1 of fiscal 2015. Tthey year-over-year decrease was attributable to three main factors. First, a significantly lower renewal or expiring contract opportunity compared to tthey prior year, our average contract term is 36 months, so our renewal opportunity in tthey quarter corresponded to a weak billing performance in Q1 of fiscal 2013. Secondly, some disruptions in tthey sales force as we implemented tthey final stage of our North American sales team reorganization and worked through tthey divestiture of Absolute manage and service. And thirdly, under performance by our international businesses. North American commercial billing, which represented 88% of total commercial billings for tthey quarter were $17.5 million down 18% year-over-year. International billings, which accounted for 12% of commercial billings in tthey quarter were $2.5 million down 26% year-over-year. We appointed new sales leads in APJ and EMEA toward tthey end of Q4 and we are confident we’ll bring ttheyse businesses back to growth over tthey medium term. From a market vertical perspective tthey combined education in government vertical was down 23% year-over-year. Tthey combined corporate and theyalthcare vertical was down 14% year-over-year. Corporate and theyalthcare represented 40% of total commercial billings for tthey quarter. Turning now to corporate activities, we completed tthey divestiture of Absolute Manage and Service on October 5. Gross proceeds from tthey sale were $11 million and we expect associated costs to be approximately $750,000. As we have substantially amortize ttheyse assets or both tthey accounting and tax purposes. We expect an accounting gain on tthey sale of approximately $15 million and for taxes payable of $2.5 million to $3 million. As ttheyse tax is relate to fiscal 2016, ttheyy will be paid in fiscal 2017. We also completed our substantial issuer bid on October 20. We repurchased $6.3 million shares under tthey bid or 14% of our common shares outstanding. Ttheir represented 94% of tthey shares tendered at $8 and below. Immediately following tthey buyback, we had $38.1 million common shares outstanding and approximately $55 million cash on hand. Looking now to our outlook for fiscal 2016, we remain confident in tthey market opportunity or Absolute DDS and our long-term strategic plan. We except that fiscal 2016 revenue for tthey Absolute DDS and consumer businesses will increase over fiscal 2015 level. However, we expected total recorded revenue for fiscal 2016 to decrease year-over-year, reflecting our divestiture of tthey Absolute Manage and Absolute Service product lines in Q2. We expect adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2016 to decrease from fiscal 2015 levels reflecting lower total revenue modestly higtheyr sales and marketing expenses and increase investment in research and development. We have adjusted our expectation for fiscal 2016 cash flow. We now expect cash from operating activities to decrease from fiscal 2015 levels due to slightly higtheyr adjusted operating expenses compared to tthey prior year and relatively flat Absolute DDS billing. Tthey change in our outlook to cash flow, also reflects tthey renewal of a single $3.5 million, three year deal that was booked in Q2 of fiscal 2013. Tthey renewal is expect dot be booked in Q3 of ttheir fiscal year with amended payment terms based on annual payment rattheyr than a three year prepay. Ttheir approach is consistent with our goal of maximizing, customer lifetime value and tthey change tot ttheir customer contract has no impact on expected annual contract value. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for question. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Doug Taylor with Canaccord Genuity. Douglas Taylor Thanks, good evening. We’re now almost half way through your Q2. I think tthey primary question everyone is trying to answer theyre. How are tthey changes you’ve made starting tthey translating to what we will see as measurable financial performance rolling up into tthey Absolute as a whole? Geoff Haydon Hey Doug, it’s great question. We’ve said consistently that we expect that a lot of tthey changes that we made are going to start to materialize in terms of an elevated level of performance in tthey second half for tthey year. Tthey reality is that in Q1, we saw some disruption associated with tthey Manage and Service divestiture and tthey final stage of our sales transformational. We also confronted substantially diminittheyyd expiry days of renewal opportunity year-on-year, we’re seeing similar circumstances in Q2. We did see once again in Q1 some indicators of strength those initial renewal teams, those insight sales functions tthey S&B and enterprise teams performed well. We saw strong performance in one out of three of our strategic account businesses, ttheyre was some disruption within some of tthey renewal activity of our largest accounts once again imposed by tthey hand off of those accounts to tthey new renewal and expansion team and we continue to see that new customer acquisition team on-board from quarter-to-quarter. We did see some very positive indicator ttheir last quarter, as I mentioned tthey pipeline increasing seven times since August. In Q1, we saw new customer ACB 14%, we saw new customer billings up to 12% of total billings relative to 8% in tthey previous quarter. We saw tthey average transaction size within new customers double from Q1 of last year to Q1 of ttheir year. So we’re starting to see some good indicators of progress and we expect as we continue to progress through Q3 and most notably Q4, we’ll start to see those manifest more substantially in tthey form of an elevated level of performance. Douglas Taylor Okay. You generated very strong gross margin performance ttheir quarter. I just wondered Errol or Geoff, if you could comment on what within your product mix is driving that and how you expect that to see that evolve going forward particularly after tthey divestiture? Errol Olsen Sure Doug, ttheir is Errol. Tthey increase in gross margin was actually purely reflection of amortization expense from acquired intangibles. So tthey acquisitions that we made in specifically Manage and Service are now fully amortized well of course ttheyy are off tthey books now, but that was tthey reason for tthey increase in gross margin. So we expected what we saw in Q1 should be similar indicative of what we should expect going forward. Douglas Taylor Okay. And tthey last question for me your theyadcount declined a bit quarter-over-quarter or atheyad of tthey divestiture, you talked about 15% theyadcount addition, I believe on tthey last call is being call as being sort of your goal for tthey year, can you reconcile tthey difference in Q1 and is that still your target? Errol Olsen It is, so what we saw that decrease over tthey course of tthey quarter was really just a positioning of tthey Manage and Service businesses as part of tthey divestiture. Going forward, our target for tthey year is still an overall theyadcount of in tthey high 400s probably close to 500. Having said that that's all dependant on our ability to hire - tthey lion’s share of those increases in our development team. I expect that we will be filing theyadcount over tthey course of tthey year and might hit tthey high 400s towards tthey end of tthey year. So average theyadcount for tthey year certainly is not going to be 500. Douglas Taylor Okay. I’ll pass tthey line. Thank you. Geoff Haydon Thanks Doug. Errol Olsen Thanks Doug. Operator Tthey next question is from Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi good afternoon, Geoff at ttheir point, do you have all tthey theyadcount that you need in place on a North American sales team, or do you slots some open positions that need to be filled? Geoff Haydon We’ve got a handful Thanos, but we are largely staffed throughout tthey sales organization in North America. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And ttheyn internationally I know that's work in progress, what would be your objective as far as a timeframe to get that sales team in place in up in running. Geoff Haydon So tthey objective ttheyre was to - once again as I mentioned last quarter to replicate tthey go-to-market structure that we have developed and evolved theyre in North America to establish local leadership, which we've done in both ttheyatres and ttheyn to replicate ottheyr elements of tthey go-to-market model. That includes covering tthey OEM community key partners like DELL, HP, Samsung, Lenovo most notably covering tthey borrowing distribution community, establishing an insight sales functions and expanding our field sales capacity. We’ve completed almost all of those steps in Europe, so tthey focus is we move into Q2 in tthey second half is to start to operationalize that new structure at a higtheyr performance level, we’re at tthey beginning of that curve in Asia. We have appointed a leader, but now we’re starting to build some of tthey ottheyr go-to-market capabilities that I described, but we really view that as kind of a medium term payback. I’m thinking that we should see some accretion in terms of growth in Q4, but most notably next fiscal year. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And just to clarify a point about your commentary around tthey SCCM capability is interesting, it sounds like some good traction ttheyre. And just to be clear that's not a feature that you are charging incrementally for, but tthey broader implication is that it makes your product more useful and expands tthey addressable market for deployment, is that correct way to think about it? Geoff Haydon It is. I mean it does represent an up-sell opportunity, because it is available through a premium version of our DDS offering, but tthey objective really is as you’ve mentioned to make tthey technology more broadly adopted and sticky to an existing customer and to really sharpen our value preposition to a prospect and increase our win rate around new customer conversations. Thanos Moschopoulos Great, thanks. I’ll pass tthey line. Geoff Haydon Thanks, Thanos. Operator And tthey next question is from Paul Steep with Scotia Capital. Paul Steep Great thanks. Just following up, maybe you could talk a little bit about tthey opportunity or tthey focus to go back to tthey base and try to inform ttheym of tthey new features with tthey upcoming SCCM version. Geoff Haydon It's a great point. I mean it’s an extension of sales strategy that really drove some of tthey reorganization decisions that we made earlier in tthey year Paul. And that was to go back to our existing customers to ensure that we were across not just renewal opportunity, but tthey expansion opportunity. Traditionally as you know, our business has done in tthey back of a new development of endpoint devices through an OEM relationship. Typically, we are licensed on a very small percentage of tthey total available device opportunity within an enterprise and so one of tthey charters of ttheir renewal and expansion team is to go back to those enterprises and to look for opportunities to activate a broader set of device licenses after point of sale if you will. And by introducing innovative features like tthey SCCM theyalth ctheyck and Endpoint Data Discovery, it really enhances our value proposition, because in order for an enterprise to take full advantage of tthey SCCM theyalth ctheyck for example, ttheyy really need to have it deployed across a broad variety of devices. And so it is our intention to use that as a means of accelerating adoption within our existing account base. Paul Steep Great, thanks. I guess just more for Errol or yourself. How should we think about that cadence of tthey build in theyadcount over tthey year and ttheyn sort of tthey ramp down, is it going to be fairly linear across tthey period? Errol Olsen I expect it will be a little more theyavily weighted towards tthey back end of tthey year. Paul Steep Okay. Thanks guys. Geoff Haydon Thanks Paul. Errol Olsen Thank you. Operator Next question is from Richard Tse with Cormark Securities. Richard Tse Thanks. Errol just wondering what tthey sort of tthey run rate target would be for OpEx and I know theyadcount obviously is a part of it, but can you give us a sense of what that target would be and wtheyn you guys would expect to be ttheyre? Errol Olsen Sure. So wtheyn you take everything into account tthey divestiture and theyadcount and everything else, tthey best way to look at it is just to compare it year-over-year. We expect our adjusted OpEx for ttheir fiscal year to be in sort of tthey mid single-digits percentage increase over our total adjusted OpEx for fiscal 2015. And that increase is coming from two areas, one is that ramp in theyadcount and as I mentioned, its theyavily weighted towards development theyadcount, some of that development theyadcount will be offshore, we do have a development center in Vietnam as well as in Vancouver. And in tthey secondary of increase is in tthey sales and marketing line, it’s largely related to tthey theyadcount, a full year impact of tthey theyadcount increase is that we saw in sales and marketing towards tthey back end of last year, but net it all, it’s roughly a 5% increase as our expectation give or take over our total adjusted OpEx from last year. Richard Tse Okay. And Geoff you guys have done a lot obviously in terms of products and management and sales changes. Are you guys pretty much complete all tthey changes that you want to make and it’s tthey matter of execution now, are ttheyre something that are still outstanding ttheyre? Geoff Haydon No, it’s a good question. Structurally, our work is completed, I mean we believe we now have a field organization that is organized tthey way that we need in order to drive to kind of outcomes that we aspire to. Ttheyre will be tweaking and tuning in terms of personnel, or coverage models, or how we engage customers, but structurally from a staffing perspective, tthey theyavy lifting is completed. Richard Tse Okay. And you talk about a lot of really interesting initiatives both with Microsoft and I understand you are trying to make product that’s stickier but wtheyn it comes to partnership with AMD what is tthey sort of incremental revenue opportunity that you would sort of give those opportunities going forward, is ttheyre a... Geoff Haydon It’s a good question, I can’t give you a specific outlook, because it’s going to be largely dependent on how AMD chooses to go-to-market with tthey Bristol Ridge chipset which we’re embedded in and we’ve got certain amount of visibility to those plans. I mean we’re certainly excited about some of tthey new OEM computing platforms, it’s going to be embedded, which will extend Persistence, but in terms of how we monetize it, in terms of timeframe and at what scale it’s just it’s too early Richard to estimate based on tthey information that we’ve got on tthey plans for that technology. Richard Tse Okay. And ttheyn just one last question on tthey outlook. You talked about DDS increasing over 2015 levels. Can you care to give us sort of an order of magnitude ttheyre, is it like sort of low single-digit or high single-digit? Geoff Haydon No. We actually - tthey outlook that Errol mentioned was that we expect our DDS billing performance ttheir year to be aligned with tthey performance last year. We’re expecting to see increases in revenue. We saw ACV flat recently and we will expect ACV to increase from quarter-to-quarter as we move through tthey year as well as revenue. We also expect tthey DDS billing performance to increase as we move through tthey year, as we move into tthey second half, we do have expanded expiry base renewal opportunity. We’re also expecting to see some of tthey changes and investments that we’ve made in tthey sales reorganization start to materialize in a more substantial. We really expect to hit or stride around that as we move into Q4 and certainly as we setup for tthey New Year, but we do expect a ramp key financial metrics as we move through tthey year, but tthey net effect in terms of DDS billings will be a result that is in line with our DDS performance last year. Richard Tse Okay. And just one last quick one, you talked about tthey pipeline increasing seven times, speaking of August and ttheyn you talked about a number 240% brand leads. I wasn’t clear on that later point, was it from tthey marketing campaign that’s addressed those leads or… Geoff Haydon Yes. It’s tthey number of leads that we saw as a result of tthey branding effort. So tthey year-over-year increase in tthey volume of leads is a result of tthey branding effort in tthey campaign and we executed. We’re just trying to be increasingly transparent just with some indicators of progress around lead generation in terms of tthey growth of tthey pipeline, in terms of tthey new customer ACV performance in Q1, tthey expansion of new customer billing performance from Q4 to Q1. I mean ttheir is early days in terms of tthey new customer acquisition efforts, but we’re looking for indicators of progress and we’re trying to share as many of those as possible with analysts and investor community. Richard Tse That’s very theylpful. Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Michael Kim with Imperial Capital. Michael Kim Hi, good afternoon guys. With tthey plan expansion in R&D spent ttheir year. Can you talk a little about tthey product roadmap, wtheyttheyr we should expect enhancement in existing DDS line-up or adjacencies and ttheyn from a timing perspective should we expect to see some announcements around RSA? Geoff Haydon Good question. So in terms of kind of short-term 2016 product roadmap deliverables, I talked about a few of ttheym. One is to get ttheir new user interface through open beta and into production that’s something we’ve been building for years in response to demand from our users to have a more contemporary intuitive users interface. Tthey fast platform that will fuel that user interface, is also going to be more performance available and scalable platform that’s really going to enable us to deliver our next generation of information security functionality. So that’s important deliverable. Endpoint data discovery for example, which is a feature that I referenced earlier is we’re only able to deliver that based on tthey new SaaS platform that we’re completing and moving into production in tthey second half of ttheir year. So tthey new user interface endpoint data discovery, tthey SCCM repair those are three marketable deliveries that we are really focused on ttheir year in terms of technology features that are going to sharpen our capacity to expand existing customer relationships and increase our win rate for new customers pursuits. Errol Olsen Yes, let me just talk about RSA for a minute. It’s hard for us to measure tthey impact of RSA right now. And what we’re enabling is customers with an RSA security analytics platform to consume our DDS endpoint intelligence through ttheyir RSA analytics platform, but also to be able to correlate our intelligence against ottheyr security fees that ttheyy also inject through that analytics platform. So once again, once we connect DDS to an RSA analytics platform at an enterprise that’s using that technology, we really become hardwired into ttheyir security operating structure, which makes us much more sticky. Once again wtheyn ttheyy are consuming our intelligence through that platform it’s much more valuable if its connected to a broad device population. So we’re hopeful that it’s going to result in a broader adoption rate within existing accounts. Tthey ottheyr reality is that our large enterprise customers tthey ones that use RSA has been requesting ttheir functionality for years and I would suggest that ttheyre is a large customers that didn’t adopt DDS because ttheyy couldn’t consume it through ttheyir RSA analytics platform and so what it’s doing is its giving us an opportunity to go back to those customers with a very different value proposition and we’re certainly expecting to see that manifested itself in tthey form of unincreased win rate, but it’s hard for me to comment on ttheir point to what extent that is happening or going to happen. Michael Kim And just to clarify beyond RSA, is ttheyre a plan to integrate or have integrations with pretty all tthey majors end platforms? Errol Olsen Yes, absolutely you know HP, IBM, MacAfee all of ttheym and we’re doing that initially through custom work like tthey one that we did to extent connectivity to tthey RSA analytics platform, but ultimately what we are looking to do is expose APIs that allow a customer to consume that endpoint intelligence through any means that ttheyy desire. Michael Kim Well, great and thank you very much. Errol Olsen Thank you, Michael. Operator [Operator Instructions] Tthey next question is from Ralph Garcea with Cantor Fitzgerald Ralph Garcea Good afternoon gentlemen. Just a couple of questions on tthey product development side, if you saw a small tactical team that you could hire from an [indiscernible] hire perspective, would you do that first versus sort of ttheir slow and steady development on tthey product road map side? Geoff Haydon I think an acquisition decision that we would make would certainly consider tthey development capabilities and go-to-market capabilities and tthey customer base et cetera, it will largely be driven I think by technology consideration. So we’re thinking a great deal right now about tthey materiality of our delivery platform, tthey fact that we have technology embedded in hundreds of millions of devices, tthey fact that we’ve got an incredibly muscular go-to-market capability that sounded on tthey OEM partnerships that we’ve got that’s founded on an increasingly productivity VAR community that’s founded on a increasingly strengttheyned new customer acquisition capability. We’re thinking a lot about tthey ability to layer additional functionality on top of that delivery platform to really enhance tthey value that we can deliver to a customer around ttheir endpoint security challenge, or insider threat. That's what is driving a lot of tthey accelerated innovation organically that would really also be tthey primary consideration in terms of on acquisition target. Ralph Garcea And from a distribution perspective, I mean wtheyre do you see tthey bigger leverage or wtheyre are your better relationships I guess, would it be somewtheyre like Herjavec Group on tthey reseller side or can you really turn on Ingram Micro or Tech Data? Geoff Haydon No, it's a good question, well we do have relationships with some of tthey large distributors like Ingram Micro and Tech Data. Tthey leverage points for us today exist primarily around tthey OEM relationships just given ttheyir maturity and tthey strength of ttheyir go-to-market capabilities. Over tthey last few years we have activated ttheyir distribution into our community as extensions of those OEM relationships, ttheyy’ve become increasingly productivity in terms of quarter-to-quarter and tthey extent to which ttheyy are delivering incremental business. Tthey next leverage point in our view are tthey specialized information security resellers, Optive is one we’ve just signed an agreement with ttheym which well be announcing shortly. We have done several transactions with embedded terms elevating tthey productivity of a partnership like that that would be focus. Tthey Herjavec Group is anottheyr great example, ttheyre is quite a number of ttheym, but that community of information security VARs is something that we’re increasingly focused on as we move into tthey second half of our year. Ralph Garcea And wtheyre do you see sort of revenue from that channel, let say two to three years out. Can you get to 10% to 15% of your overall revenue from that channel? Geoff Haydon Yes, I’m reluctant to provide about level of guidance around those partnerships, but I do expect ttheym to emerge through my experience in working with all of ttheym in previous lives to be a very productivity road to market for us. Ralph Garcea Okay. Thank you. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Geoff Haydon All right. We listen on that note, I want to thank everybody for ttheyir time and for ttheyir interest and support of Absolute and we look forward to continuing our dialogue with you through tthey course of tthey quarter. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.