Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q2 2015 Results Earnings Conference Call February 12, 2015 8:00 AM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - Chief Executive Officer Errol Olsen - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Scott Penner - TD Securities Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Massimo Voci - Haywood Securities Inc. Pardeep Sangha - PI Financial Michael Kim - Imperial Capital Paul Steep - Scotia Capital Inc. Andrew McGee - Cormark Securities Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation’s Second Quarter 2015 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. For more information on tthey company’s risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey section of its quarterly MD&A. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to remind everyone that ttheir call is being recorded today, Thursday, February 12, at 8 AM Eastern Time. I’d now like to turn tthey call over to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Thank you, operator, and good morning everyone. Welcome to our Q2 fiscal 2015 conference call. Joining me on tthey call today is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll begin to do is call with a high level overview of Q2. I’ll ttheyn provide an update on tthey strategic priorities I presented earlier ttheir year. After that, I’ll pass tthey call over to Errol, who will take a more detailed look at our financials. We’ll conclude with Q&A. In summary, our financial results for tthey second quarter were strong with $25.2 million in sales contracts, up 13% from Q2 of last year. Cash from operating activities was $6.3 million, up 44% from Q2 last year. Ttheyse results have been driven by strong performance in key areas of strategic focus. Ttheir includes tthey North American ttheyatre, wtheyre our commercial business grew by 24%. Ttheir also includes tthey theyalthcare and corporate vertical markets, which grew by 13%. Finally, ttheir includes our device management and data security solutions, which grew by 21%. Tthey strength of our performance in ttheyse areas reflects early progress against key strategic initiatives and validates tthey strong growth potential ttheyse market segments of ttheyir percent for Absolute. We remain confident in our ability to achieve tthey growth expectations we have set for ourselves ttheir year. Tthey intersection of mobility and information security continues to represent one of tthey most exciting and lucrative information technology market opportunities. Despite tthey prominence of mobility, enterprises continue to struggle with tthey shift to ttheir new platform. Tthey primary challenge remains ensuring tthey security and compliance of mobile deployments and effectively managing tthey risk associated with ttheyse. Our strong Q2 results reflect Absolute’s unique ability to theylp enterprises surmount ttheir. Additional very positive changes in Q2 include tthey appointments of Gerhard Watzinger, Arthur Mettheyyr and Josef Vejvodia to tthey Absolute Board of Directors. Ttheyse additions represent a substantial enrichment of tthey Absolute board with a depth of industry and operating experience that will be invaluable to Absolute as we execute our plan to accelerate growth and strengttheyn our position as an information security market leader. And moving on from Q2 financial results, I want to say thank you to our Absolute employees and partners around tthey world for your passion, your professionalism, your Q2 results, and for your commitment to finding new and innovative ways to bring value to our customer relationships. I’d now like to provide an update on our progress against tthey four strategic priorities I outlined earlier ttheir year. Ttheyse include product strategy, product market focus, brand awareness and sales productivity. Our product strategy continues to focus on tthey monetization of our rich existing product portfolio. Tthey primary initiative theyre remains tthey strengttheyning of tthey market position for Computrace, with no direct competitor a large base of devices embedded with patented Absolute persistence technology and a robust and increasingly relevant data security solutions steps, Computrace remains our most compelling growth opportunity. Our Computrace growth focus includes tthey continued expansion of our Persistence technology into new device form factors, product lines and markets through existing and new OEM partnerships. Progress in Q2 on ttheir front was considerable. Ttheir included tthey embedding of our Persistence technology into tthey HP pro-tablet pen and HP education devices as well as tthey HP pro-slate 10, which represents our first Android Persistence win with HP. Additionally, Panasonic began embedding Absolute Persistence technology into ttheyir 3E product line, tthey semi-rugged hybrid laptops designed specifically for tthey K12 market. Absolute also signed an expanded OEM and reseller agreement with GTech, creating a new global partnership that extends tthey pre-existing OEM agreements to international markets. Finally, we announced a new OEM relationship with Latin America’s largest computer manufacturer, who will embed Absolute Persistence technology into ttheyir computing devices. We expect to announce additional OEM partnerships in Q3. Increasing tthey activation rates within our embedded device population also continues to be an execution priority. Tthey progress we made in ttheir area is reflected in tthey strong Computrace growth we experienced in Q2. Our product strategy will also continue to focus on leveraging our substantial Computrace install base as a platform for up-selling and cross-selling adjacent technologies Absolute Manage and Absolute Service. As mentioned last quarter, we’ve been targeting a very specific set of existing Computrace customers for Manage and Service cross-selling and we’ve supported tthey field in ttheir effort through enablement specialist sales support and incentives. Tthey results have been very positive with over 74% of our top 50 Absolute Manage customers coming from our Computrace customer base. Our investment in product innovation is generating progress within tthey three primary areas were targeted, elevated functionality of our existing solution set, a unified user experience across all of our solutions and upgrading our SaaS and on-premise delivery platform. Within our existing solution set, we announced an agreement with Google to use tthey Google Maps API for tthey Geotechnology capability within Absolute Computrace. Ttheir enhanced Google functionalities supports tthey global breadth of our customer base and our international growth strategy providing customers around tthey world with consistently accurate location results for all of ttheyir devices. We also launctheyd tthey device freeze offline policy for Computrace customers, a tier 1 feature that allows users to set a timer so that a device will self-secure if it remains offline for a specific period of time. Ttheir capability secures data on a device that is unassigned, misplaced or neglected, an increasingly common attack factor. Our commitment to strengttheyning our position in tthey education sector was underscored in Q2 with tthey launch of Computrace Mobile Ttheyft Management for Chromebooks. Tthey service extends our ttheyft prevention and recovery services to ttheir new device form factor with ttheir finding ground within K12 organizations in North America. Tthey unified user experience project continues to progress, with tthey objective of establishing a common look and feel among Absolute technologies. Absolute Computrace customers are actively participating in a closed beta program wtheyre ttheyy are using tthey new interface as well as tthey first phase of tthey DLP set. Feedback to date has been positive with plans to extend ttheir program to all Absolute customers in our fourth quarter. Work to upgrade our software as a service and on premise delivery platforms is ongoing. Our focus theyre is on improving tthey availability, performance and scalability of our SaaS platform enabling tthey next generation of Absolute application functionality. Tthey product market strategy has also proceeded to plan, with tthey primary objective of focusing our investments on a more targeted set of product markets prioritized by tthey return on investment. Tthey geographic coverage decisions we made in Q1 shifted sales and marketing resources towards major metropolitan centers in North America. In Q2, we establittheyyd several new sales teams for example in Toronto, Chicago, and New York. Internationally, we are staying tthey course on our plan to rationalize coverage and to concentrate investment on a very specific set of company targets. Ttheyse include tthey UK, Germany, and tthey Nordics in Europe, Brazil and Mexico in Latin America and Japan and Australia in tthey Asia-Pacific region. We have repurposed international investment to enable us to hire additional sales resources in each of ttheyse geographies which we're in tthey process of completing. We have also initiated a search for ttheyatre leads in both Europe and Asia in an effort to substantially accelerate tthey growth of our international business. We are also continuing to execute against our plan to accelerate growth in opportunity rich and underdeveloped verticals such as theyalthcare and financial services. Q2 execution included tthey enablement of our field organization within ttheyse vertical markets. Field incentives designed to reward achievement in ttheyse markets, working with OEM and VAR partners on go to market initiatives focused on ttheyse vertical markets, building professional services offerings that support tthey regulatory obligations within theyalthcare and finance, and repurposing sales capacity to intensify our focus on new business development. Ttheir will include tthey hiring of five additional direct sales resources that will focus exclusively on theyalthcare opportunities and tthey expansion of a New York-based financial services team. Our brand awareness strategy continues to focus in defining and elevating tthey Absolute corporate brand beyond tthey US education market. Execution in Q2 involved concentrating marketing resources on ttheir geographic and vertical markets Absolute has prioritized for growth. We have also partnered with [indiscernible] a leading New York branding agency to sharpen Absolute's brand profile. Ttheir work will produce a new Absolute brand that centers on our unique and broadly embed Persistence technology and tthey use cases ttheir technology enables around information security, regulatory compliance, and mobility. In Q2, we completed tthey research and discovery phase of ttheir engagement, with tthey brand strategy development currently underway. Tthey work to develop a new creative platform will occur in Q4 with tthey execution of an extensive media campaign sctheyduled for early Q1 fiscal 2016. Sales productivity continues to be a top priority. I'm pleased to report that we've seen substantial progress in ttheir area. In Q2, we launctheyd an incentive training and education initiative focused on providing our sales teams with tthey skills ttheyy need to work with customers on achieving information security and compliance objectives within non-education verticals. To accelerate momentum in ttheir area, we have hired a global director of training and enablement to create and lead ongoing programs that will increase sales effectiveness and productivity. In Q2 we continued our effort to operationalize tthey changes we made to tthey sales organisation in Q1. Ttheyse changes focused on tthey elevating effectiveness around our four critical sales activities: optimizing our substantial tthey newer base, expanding existing Computrace deployments, cross selling our Manage and Service solutions and acquiring new customers. In tthey first half of ttheir year, we reassigned 15% of our customer base to a more cost-effective inside sales organisation. I'm pleased to say that we have seen measurable improvements to our renewal and expansion sales to ttheir set of existing customers during tthey first half. A byproduct of ttheir new structure also is an outside sales organisation that is less involved in tthey annual activity and more focused on new business development. In tthey second half of ttheir year, we will shift 50% of our existing customer base to ttheir inside sales structure. In Q3, we are also realigning tthey sales organisation. Ttheir will involve a destacking of tthey theirtorical 1 to 1 inside to outside sales structure and moving to a more leveraged model wtheyre multiple outside sales representatives are supported by a single inside salesperson. Ttheir new structure will allow us to expand sales coverage in tthey field. Our go to market partnerships with OEMs continue to represent a centrally important component of our plan to elevate sales productivity and accelerate growth. We once again intensified our investments in tthey coverage of both existing and prospective OEMs in Q2 with tthey primary focus on tthey geographic vertical markets I highlighted earlier. Our progress was reflected in tthey appointment in Q2 of a largest PC manufacturer in Latin America as mentioned earlier and a substantial increase in tthey attach rates two of our largest existing OEM partners. We also continue to see strong growth within our VAR partner model. In Q1 we reported that tthey volume of ttheir type of incremental business exceeded tthey volume of similar business in tthey entire second half of 2014. We continue to see improvements in incremental business performance from our VAR partners in Q2. In summary, we made substantial progress against our key initiatives in Q2. We elevated our effectiveness in delivering innovative and impactful information security solutions to both existing and new customers within our specific target markets. We will continue to focus on executing against ttheyse key initiatives in tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year with tthey clear objective of accelerating growth and distinguishing Absolute as a global information technology security leader. With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financial results in more detail. Errol? Geoff Haydon Thanks, Geoff. Good morning everyone. I will now spend a few minutes discussing tthey key financial metrics for tthey quarter. Total sales contracts in Q2 were $25.2 million, up 13% from Q2 of last year. For tthey first six months of tthey year, total sales contracts were $51.2 million, up 11% year over year. Most notably, commercial sales contracts in Q2 were up 15% over Q2 of last year and also up 15% year-to-date. Our commercial sales during tthey quarter continued to be driven by exceptionally strong performance from our North American commercial sales team. North American commercial sales were up 24% year over year in tthey second quarter and were up 21% for tthey first half of tthey year. Meanwhile, our international commercial sales were down 30% in Q2 and down 18% in tthey first six months, with international sales comprising 12% of year-to-date sales contracts. Tthey decline in our international sales reflects tthey absence of large deals in tthey current year period. Nonettheyless, returning our international business to consistent growth remains a priority for us. As Geoff mentioned, we are restructuring our international sales and marketing resources in order to concentrate ttheyse resources in fewer geographies and wtheyre opportunities for market momentum are tthey strongest. Tthey intent of ttheyse changes is to enable consistent and sustainable long-term growth internationally. From an industry vertical perspective, our education and government business was up 16% in tthey quarter and up 22% year over year in tthey first half. Ttheir growth reflects continued strength in tthey North American education segment which was partially offset by slight declines in tthey international education and government segments. Within North America, our robust sales in tthey education market continue to reflect a resurgence of Windows-based tablets and laptops in tthey K12 sector, increased market penetration and continued cross selling success with our Manage and Service solutions. Combined sales in our corporate and theyalthcare vertical were up 13% year over year in tthey quarter and up expose and in tthey first six months of tthey year. Our growth in tthey quarter reflected particular strength in tthey North American corporate segment, which was offset in part by a slightly lower average deal size. Looking at deal sizes, we closed six deals were over $500,000 in tthey quarter, all of which were in North America. Ttheir compares to 5 days in Q2 of last year of which two were in international markets. Existing customers sales in Q2 continue to be slightly higtheyr than average, just over 85% of our commercial sales compared to approximately 70% in Q2 of last year. Consistent with tthey prior quarter, higtheyr proportion of existing customers sales in Q2 reflected strong Computrace renewal and expansion as well as continued cross selling of our Manage and Service solutions. As we progress through our North American sales of tthey organization and tthey associated traction dedicated retention and acquisition teams, as well is associated initiatives such as our branding exercise, we expect to increase tthey proportion of sales from new customers. From a product perspective, our device management and data security product category was up 21% year over year in Q2 and was up 17% for tthey year-to-date period. Tthey increase in tthey quarter was driven primarily by strong Computrace data protection sales. Our Computrace test management offering grew 11% year over year in Q2 and 13% year-to-date, reflecting tthey strength in education sales. Now I will take a quick look at our cash from operations. Cash from operating activities was up sharply to $6.3 million in Q2, an increase of 44% compared to Q2 of last year. For tthey year-to-date period, cash from operating activities was $15.1 million, up 54% compared to tthey prior year period. Ttheir increase reflects tthey combination of improved operating margin and strong collections in tthey quarter. Adjusted operating expenses were up 4% year over year for tthey quarter and 4% for tthey year-to-date period. As a quick reminder, our adjusted operating expenses include cost of sales and operating expenses, but exclude non-cash charges for depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation and post retirement benefits. Our increase in adjusted opex for both tthey quarter and year-to-date periods was a result of higtheyr employee and contractor related costs, which were partially offset by benefits we realized in our Canadian cost base as a result of tthey decline in tthey Canadian dollar over tthey course of tthey quarter. Canadian-based expenditures account for just below 50% of our total adjusted operating expenses. Our Q2 adjusted EBITDA increased 13% to $4 million and increased 21% to $8.2 million for tthey year-to-date period. As a percentage of revenue, adjusted EBITDA improved to 17%, up from 16% in Q2 of last year. For tthey year-to-date period, adjusted EBITDA was 18%, up from 16% from tthey prior year-to-date period. We ended Q2 with cash and investments of $81.7 million. Tthey primary nonoperational uses of cash during tthey quarter were for our dividend and our share buyback program. In Q2, we paid $2.7 million in dividend and used $2.1 million through our normal course issuer debt. In summary, our positive results in Q2 reflect tthey increasing strength in our business and keep us confident in our ability to continue to execute against our plans. We believe that we have tthey right strategy, product portfolio, and team for success. Our outlook for fiscal 2015 remains robust and on track. We continue to expect fiscal 2015 sales contracts and cash from operating activities to increase over fiscal 2014 level. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Scott Penner from TD Securities. Scott Penner Geoff, maybe you could again, you laid out a bunch of initiatives which you put in those four buckets, wtheyn we are looking externally at tthey next couple of quarters, what sort of tthey top two or three that you expect to really drive tthey growth? Geoff Haydon Really all of ttheym, I would suggest are fundamental to our accelerated growth strategy. International markets come to mind as substantially unrealized growth opportunities and a focus in tthey second half of ttheir year will really be to ignite those in terms of being accretive to our growth performance. And corporate and theyalthcare continue to represent substantially unrealized vertical markets. Ttheyy represent about half of our business today, we saw some good growth with 13% in tthey second quarter, but we reflect a great deal on tthey size of those markets, tthey relevance of what we do in tthey context of ttheyir regulatory requirements and view those as also a primary growth focus. So those are tthey two that come to mind as being particularly important for us to accelerate growth in tthey second half and moving into FY16. Scott Penner Wtheyn you looked at tthey reexamination of all tthey different segments of tthey business, tthey consumers segment sort of stands out, why I guess for tthey lack of a better word, why you need to be in that business and ttheyn is it margin-dilutive to what you’re doing on tthey corporate side? Geoff Haydon Well, it’s growth-dilutive and margin-dilutive, but we do believe that we’ve got tthey technology that’s readily monetizable in a consumer context and we also believe that to several of our OEM partners it’s important that we extend our functionality to tthey consumer devices. And for that reason it’s important for us to try and find a way to profitably remain in that business. We are pivoting our strategy now to focus much more on tthey white label partnerships with OEMs and bundled go to market strategies with OEMs, really, leveraging ttheyir consumer go to market capabilities as opposed to trying to do tthey theyavy-lifting of market creation and delivery on our own. Scott Penner Just one last question and that is I know ttheyre is – you guys are looking at tthey metrics internally very common SaaS metrics internally to theylp maybe become metrics that you present externally [indiscernible] some of tthey things you guys have started to track and how may be ttheyy’ve changed tthey way you manage tthey business internally? Geoff Haydon It’s a good question. Tthey metrics really aligned with tthey key selling activities that I referenced in my sales productivity discussion. So churn is a primary consideration to tthey extent to which we are retaining and renewing existing customer relationships. We are looking at expansion vertical slate, very often our technology is brought into a new customer at a very limited deployment following a new set of laptops or tablets or mobile devices. But eventually over time, we look to customer partnership, so we are really looking closely at tthey extent to which we are doing that. And new business development, new logos, tthey extent to which we are establishing new customers in key vertical in geographic markets. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Thanos Moschopoulos Geoff, on tthey international business, it sounds like tthey slow growth was mostly due to tthey tough year over year comp, and clearly it’s a focus for you going forward to improve tthey growth in that business, just in tthey very near term though, given some of tthey changes and pulling back in some geographies, might ttheyre be continued declines in that business in tthey second half or should that return to growth very quickly? Geoff Haydon Let me speak frankly about tthey international business performance, we do not have a strong, fundamentally strong international business right now. Our performance is largely dependent on a very discrete set of transactions and wtheyn we realize large transactions like we did in Latin America last year, we have a strong year over year performance and wtheyn we don’t we don’t. And so, a big focus moving into tthey second half is on, as I said earlier, igniting international performance and that will involve rationalization and a concentration of investment in a very specific set of international targets. And does that mean we’re going to have to forego business in some of those secondary geographies that we taste theirtorically, yes, it does. And do we expect that return on that concentrated investment markets like tthey UK and Japan is going to materialize immediately in Q3, not necessarily. So I am not going to set specific expectations in terms of international growth in tthey second half, but we've got some work to do to really establish that as a more fundamentally strong business and a consistently contributing component of our growth story. Thanos Moschopoulos And on tthey education business, it sounds like it was anottheyr good quarter, can you expand may be a little on what you are seeing ttheyre? You mentioned tthey launch tthey launch of your Chromebooks offering, clearly Chromebooks have become a larger part of that markets. As you look over all at your customers set in tthey opportunities, how should we think about growth in education over tthey next year? Geoff Haydon Listen, we've been very pleased with tthey performance of tthey education and government sector in tthey first half of ttheir year, led predominately by education. And we are continuing to see positive dynamics around that opportunity. That includes tthey introduction and expansion of one-to-one computing programs, so tthey expansion of tthey overall market opportunity and tthey shift very predominately towards Windows-based devices, which obviously are sweet spot of ours. But we do recognize that we are starting to see Chromebooks starting to pervade K12 specifically in a more meaningful way and that's why we've introduced that management solution in an effort to provide solutions to our education customers who are adopting Chromebooks and obviously to capitalize on tthey opportunity ttheyy represent. Thanos Moschopoulos Maybe one last one for Errol, tthey accounts receivable balance was almost at a record low ttheir quarter relative to sales contracts, does that reflect a lower mix of international business or is ttheyre some ottheyr dynamic ttheyre and how should we think about what that might look like going forward as a ratio of sales contracts? Errol Olsen Certainly DSOs, I would characterize ttheym as abnormally low. And especially just a factor of timing and payment cycles with our partners and it just so happened that towards tthey end of tthey quarter, in a number of payment cycles from couple of partners coincided which brought that tthey receivables balance down abnormally. But I would expect that over time, our DSOs will trend back to what we've seen over tthey last two years. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Massimo Voci from Haywood. Massimo Voci I just have one question on sort of tthey sales and marketing side, obviously it looks like efficiency was very strong in tthey quarter and we are in sort of tthey early stages of tthey reorganization that you guys are talking about, be a kind of look at ttheir reorganization is done and you guys have sort of right sized that operation you will start to throw little bit more gasoline on tthey fire, because we do see that sales and marketing costs have not gone up despite tthey fact that tthey sales contracts are very strong. So is that kind of tthey way you guys are looking at approaching sales and marketing over tthey next sort of 12 to 18 months? Geoff Haydon It is. We believe we’ve got a substantial investment in sales and marketing and tthey absolute growth is not an elevated level of investment, but in finding ways to tthey purpose and optimize tthey theyadcount and investments that we’ve made. And that’s what we’re focused on, tthey sales transformation initiative being tthey most obvious component of that strategy. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Pardeep Sangha from PI Financial. Pardeep Sangha Just with regards to seasonality, generally your Q3 sales contracts is lower than your Q2, you’re kind of partly into your Q3 now, give us a sense of how things have been going in Q3 so far and can we expect that sort of seasonality of Q3 being lower, still that sort of seasonality or with all tthey initiatives that are ongoing and all tthey work you guys have been doing, all tthey progress you’re making, can we expect Q3 to be stronger than usual? Geoff Haydon It’s a very good question, Pardeep. I think that we will continue to see seasonality in tthey business, certainly with our public sector business which is predominantly tthey US education still being about half tthey business, we will for tthey foreseeable future we will see our fiscal Q1 and Q4 as being strong. But as corporate and become larger pieces of our business, tthey expectation is Q2 will start to become stronger over time. And we are seeing that already. So tthey net of that is Q3 should be seasonally weaker and ttheyn returning to a stronger quarter in Q4 and Q1. Pardeep Sangha And ttheyn on tthey, I think you said approximately 50% of your operating costs are in Canadian dollars, just want to confirm that’s right and also is that applied to your sales and marketing as well? And I mean, you’ve got sales and marketing all around tthey world, so just want to get a sense of what percentage of your sales and marketing costs are in Canadian dollars? And ttheyn with tthey decline in tthey Canadian dollar, how does that impact tthey sales and marketing cost? I mean, at tthey one hand you are increasing tthey marketing costs, so if you can just comment on that? Geoff Haydon Sure, you’re right. So your statement is correct, Pardeep, that about 50% of our overall costs are in Canadian dollars and it is that tthey Canadian proportion is different across tthey various line items. So R&D as an example is predominantly in Canadian dollars. Sales and marketing in very rough numbers probably about a third of that would be in Canadian dollars. Certainly tthey majority of our marketing spend is in US dollars, our field sales force is predominantly outside of Canada, but we do have an inside sales team in Canada, we do have tthey majority of our marketing team in Canada as well. So it’s somewtheyre around 25%, 30% is probably tthey best way to model that. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Michael Kim Just to expand on tthey realignment in international sales organization, is tthey plan to expand tthey inside sales part of that team similar to what you’re doing in tthey North American market or hiring more field sales guys and how do you see tthey opportunity to leverage tthey channel? Geoff Haydon It’s a good question, Michael. We like our go to market strategy in North America and tthey way that it’s performed certainly in Q2. And our objective internationally is to replicate some of that success. And just to clarify, we’ve got some really outstanding people, some very productive partnerships, a very strong international customer base, but it’s been spread thinly over a large number of country targets and hasn’t translated into any form of consistent meaningful growth. And so tthey objective once again is to really concentrate effort on a very discrete set of targets and to leverage components of tthey North American go to market model in those geographies. That includes tthey introduction of inside sales capability, it includes tthey expansion or repurposing of direct sales organization with a focus on those vertical targets and it also involves tthey concentrated focus on tthey OEM partnerships in particular. All of our OEM partnerships represent a very strong go to market capability that is under realized in tthey international markets. So covering those, engaging those, leveraging those will be a key focus of tthey strategy and ttheyn just an elevated quality of execution. Michael Kim And is it your sense that ttheyre will maybe a great emphasis on smaller deals with shorter sales cycles or continue into some large deals opportunities as well? Geoff Haydon It’s going to focus on new business development. And traditionally, our new business development activities result in a relatively modest position with tthey new account upfront and expansion opportunity over time. We’ll look for every opportunity to expand those initial deployments and execute some enterprise wide agreements. But generally, new business development activities are associated with tthey relatively modest upfront position. Michael Kim And ttheyn switching gears to tthey corporate theyalthcare vertical post tthey handsome hack, are you starting to see some early signs that ttheyre might be more budget dollars focused on mobile or are ttheyre ottheyr priorities that your sense is that will be focused on? Geoff Haydon We are seeing very positive dynamics in corporate and theyalthcare around mobility deployment volumes, around regulatory pressures regarding information security and investment in associated technologies. So we are very optimistic regarding tthey potential that those vertical represent for Absolute. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Steep from Scotia Capital. Paul Steep Geoff, maybe you could talk a little bit about tthey ability of two onboard new reps and how we should think about that, obviously a significant shift in tthey base in tthey workload to inside sales, and it looks like ttheyre’s some open unfilled positions, how should we think about tthey pacing of that rollout like clearly tthey sales transformation is key to part of your plans theyre? Geoff Haydon Yeah, it’s a great question, Paul. One of tthey things that we discovered wtheyn we really dug into tthey on boarding process is ttheyre’s a lot of variability around time to productivity and we’ve hired a lot of people over tthey last 12 months and so we had a reasonable samples that with which to draw some conclusions. And that was really tthey impetus for tthey hiring of ttheir global training and productivity directors, we want to create an on boarding program that’s more to repeatable, that’s more productive and gets reps up to speed more quickly. Ttheyre’s too much variability, as I said earlier, to draw any specific conclusions about how long that’s taking people to on-board or how much more quickly we can on-board, but it’s a central focus of ours in tthey second half to on-board more quickly and I’m hopeful that we will be able to share some positive trending information with you on that moving forward. Paul Steep If we think about tthey branding initiative, how should we think about tthey spend envelope on that, we’ve seen companies in tthey past make massive investments and see a limited returns. It sounds like you’re going to put tthey money you have and reallocate, but I want to make sure we’re all clear that what that number looks like theyading into Q1? Geoff Haydon As I said earlier, we believe we have a substantial sales and marketing budget portfolio. Tthey challenge theirtorically is that it’s been spread across 133 different countries in a variety of vertical and horizontal markets, so tthey net result being ttheyre’s been very little impact in any of ttheym outside of US education. And so tthey priority with respect to tthey branding initiative is to take that discrete marketing budget and simply concentrate it on tthey more specific set of geography and vertical targets. I do expect as we start to materialize tthey program moving into tthey new year, we’ll see a modest increase, but nothing substantial. Paul Steep Okay. So if we sort of go down that path and I guess tthey last question that it brings to mind out of that is with cash at record all time levels on that basis and you’re looking very focused internally, what are tthey thoughts for tthey board in terms of maybe more aggressive return of capital from tthey firm eittheyr in terms of cash redeployment, special dividend, you’ve obviously already been doing lots of good things around tthey NCIB and tthey DIF? Geoff Haydon We are in a unique position. We've got a very direct relationship between bookings and cash, we've got strong free cash flow as a result and a strong cash position. And it's enabled us to pursue a fairly diversified capital allocation strategy, to your point, with dividend, NCIP participation and investing in growth. Our focus ttheir year, as I said before and said earlier, is to monetize our existing technology portfolio. Our next generation of growth is not being inhibited by tthey lack of access to technology. But as we start to work with more soptheirticated and larger enterprises in emerging markets like financial services and theyalthcare and aerospace and defense, we are starting to see some interesting opportunities that exist around adjacent opportunities. Opportunities to leverage our Persistence platform and existing application deployment to introduce new functionality. We are also observant of a broad community of early stage innovative companies that have technologies that may theylp us accelerate development or tthey realization of some of those adjacent opportunities. And we are very mindful of our cash position. So I expect as we move into tthey new year, we will start to think much more specifically about how we put that capital to work in tthey spirit of accelerating growth and we will provide details of that as that plan realizes. I will say though in closing, our medium and long-term growth strategy intends to combine strong organic growth with acquisition activity. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Andrew McGee from Cormark Securities. Andrew McGee Just had a question on tthey operating costs, you have a number of initiatives underway right now and may be from a different way of asking it is theyadcount targets, based on what you currently have right now, wtheyre you think that you're going to be going forward? Geoff Haydon In terms of theyadcount, certainly you would have observed that theyadcount has actually been fairly flat over tthey first half of tthey year and certainly at a point in time, anyways, ttheyre have been dynamics that have been changing tthey number of over tthey course of tthey quarter. But our targets still remain for a theyadcount increase by tthey end of tthey year – ttheyre's probably anottheyr 30, 35 open positions that we are targeting right now and it's really a question of how quickly we can fill those positions. Those positions are predominantly weighted toward sales and research and development. So likely, we will finish tthey year with a theyadcount somewtheyre inside of tthey 440 range if we are successful in filling those positions and ttheyn tthey impact on opex of course will be spread over tthey course of tthey back half of tthey year. Andrew McGee And my next question would just be on tthey competitive environment, maybe just color on that with respect to industry verticals? Geoff Haydon Maybe I’ll talk to that. Ttheyre is no direct functional competitor for our Computrace technology, but having said that, what we’re competing with our alternative forms of protecting mobile deployments endpoints. Those may involve anti-virus inscription, VPM solutions et cetera. What we’re seeing first of all is a frenetic pace of innovation within fraud community. Ttheyre are constantly new factors being introduced which continue to challenge enterprises in highly regulated segments like theyalthcare and financial services around how to protect ttheyir endpoints. And so ttheyre’s no point at which an enterprise will wake up and conclude that ttheyir endpoints are safe and secure. We’re seeing a constant source of open-mindedness around new technologies to theylp protect those mobile deployments against ttheyse emerging factors. We believe we have a very unique and compelling technology around endpoint security and really we’re looking to be part of that strategy for theyalthcare or financial services enterprise. Ttheyre’s no silver bullet, ttheyre is no one technology that will protect ttheym from existing and emerging attack factors, but we believe we have a very unique and powerful component of what can be infective defense in that strategy for theyalthcare and financial services customer. Because once again, ttheyre’s no technology that is functionally equivalent in terms of being persistent, we’ve got a unique competitive position. Andrew McGee And just my last question theyre is I was hoping if you could provide more color on how you’re able to increase tthey attach rates with tthey two OEMs you referred to in your remarks? Geoff Haydon Yeah, it’s really a function of a couple of things. I mean, we’ve elevated tthey coverage of our largest OEM partners and in fact embedded ttheir some theyadcount that some of those partnerships around product marketing support and technical architecture support, developing go to market strategies and programs that are targeted at tthey geographies and verticals, but we’re focused on, tthey net result is that we’re seeing a much higtheyr level of mindshare and fraction and ultimately attach rate performance with that community of OEM partners. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’d like to turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters for closing remarks. Geoff Haydon So let me just close by saying thank you to everybody that joined us ttheir morning, for your interest in and support of Absolute and we look forward to continuing conversations with you over tthey coming days and weeks. Thank you. And thank you, operator. Operator You’re welcome. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may not disconnect.