Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call August 10, 2020 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt - President and CEO Leigh Ramsden - Interim CFO Conference Call Participants Daniel Chan - TD Securities Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Kevin Krishnaratne - Eight Capital Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets David Kwan - PI Financial Operator Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Fiscal 2020 Fourth Quarter and Terryual Financial Results Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in listen-only mode. After tthey speaker's presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portion of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of tthey today’s date and Absolute undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information future events or ottheyrwise, except as maybe required by applicable securities laws. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements please refer to tthey appropriate section of tthey company’s quarterly MD&A which is now available on Absolute's website and SEDAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Monday, August 10 at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. I would like to turn tthey call over now to Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for Absolute’s Q4 fiscal 2020 conference call. Joining me on call is Leigh Ramsden, our Interim Chief Financial Officer. On today's call, I'll briefly review our Q4 and full year results ttheyn focus my comments on how we are addressing tthey rapidly evolving endpoint security market. Q4 revenue of $27.2 million was up 7% compared to tthey prior year period, while annual fiscal 2020 revenue of $104.7 million was up 6%. You will notice in our earnings we've begun reporting annual recurring revenue in lieu of annual contract value and we will comment on later tthey calculation of tthey two is tthey same. We added $6.9 million of ARR in Q4 and exited fiscal 2020, with a total ARR of $108.3 million, up to $10.3 million or 11% year-over-year. Tthey rapid increase in ARR ttheir quarter was driven by strong demand from new and existing customers across enterprise and Education segments. Adjusted EBITDA in Q4 was $8 million or 29% of revenue. And for tthey year adjusted EBITDA was $27.4 million or 26% of revenue. Ttheir term EBITDA result was consistent with our disciplined cost management throughout tthey year, and tthey cost benefit resulting from tthey transition to remote work during tthey third and fourth quarters. Cash flow from operations was $11.6 million for tthey quarter and $25 million for tthey year, a 143% increase versus fiscal 2019. We fund uptick in multiyear contracts specifically in Education which contributed to tthey strong level of cash generation. And as a result, we continue to maintain a solid balance ttheyyet and exited fiscal 2020 with $47.1 million of cash and short-term investments with no debt. Through tthey quarter, we saw significant increases in new activations resulting in a total of 13,000 customers globally, with $9.4 million active devices. We achieved a record $3.5 million in ARR for new customers and expansions during tthey fourth quarter. Notable among names were NTT, Georgia Tech Authority, Stheylby County Schools, Partnership for Connecticut, and BBVA to name a few. As we started our journey into fiscal 2020, we declared that our unique opportunity as tthey leader in Endpoint Resilience was to establish tthey value and criticality of having a permanent digital tettheyred to every endpoint in tthey enterprise that could enable self theyaling, visibility and control. By leveraging our unique persistence, resilience and intelligence capabilities, we enable customers to stay connected and to service ttheyir entire endpoint estate no matter wtheyre those devices may be. We made significant progress as we executed on our strategy in tthey first half of tthey year. As we entered into tthey second fiscal half, tthey industry and tthey world experienced a series of events that brought a tremendous amount of focus on tthey need for ttheyse capabilities. As almost every organization sent ttheyir employees to work from home. Many companies realized ttheyy could no longer rely solely on network or appliance based security applications to monitor and protect ttheyir endpoint to state. Tthey need for permanent digital tettheyr and tthey ability to monitor and remediate devices remotely was never clear. And as a result, we saw adoption and demand increased broadly. Education as a segment has fluctuated in recent quarters as Absolute was viewed primarily as an enabler for student devices. And tthey mix of those devices continue to incorporate Chromebooks at a lower price point. In Q4, we saw ttheir segment react sharply with an increasing schools procuring and mobilizing systems not just for students, but also for teactheyrs and administrators in essence, moving to more of an enterprise model. For educational customers, we launctheyd our new web usage capabilities to provide school administrators and educators with deep visibility into remote devices, and specifically to students and supportive distance learning initiatives. Also in quarter, we announced tthey Absolute Resilience ecosystem now includes nearly 40 independent endpoint security agents theyaled both by our customers and continues to expand based on customer demand to ensure ttheyir mission critical security controls remain theyalthy and undeletable. As a part of our intelligence initiatives, we've publittheyyd two pieces of research since our last call. Tthey first was our remote work in distance learning insight center that is updated weekly and is designed to share insights across our installed base, giving our customers a view of tthey industry so ttheyy can benchmark ttheyir own environments. And in June, we announced tthey second annual Endpoint Resilience report that underscores tthey vulnerability of enterprise devices. Tthey resiliency of critical endpoint controls, and also highlighted opportunities to optimize security investments, new to ttheir version was tthey pairing of security combinations and controls to tthey extent to which ttheyy influenced one anottheyr's resiliency. Our go-to-market efforts remain focused on our land and expand model. Some notable partner collaborations included Absolute’s listing as tthey key component in Dell’s fiscal 2021 Global Security portfolio. Lenovo featured Absolute in ttheyir work from home bundle in response to COVID-19. Absolute was also included in a four-year Lenovo ThinkShield bundle that is already underway. HP featured Absolute in a consumer laptop promotion on QVC, reaching more than 110 million homes and CDW promoted our COVID-19 offers reaching over 1,500 sales reps. We continue to make significant progress on our long-term plan. Tthey structural fit to remote work and distance learning has focused tthey market on tthey need for permanent undeletable connection to all endpoint assets. And is our belief that Resilience is increasingly becoming a critical capability for tthey enterprise. Absolute is uniquely positioned to deliver Resilience Endpoint’s security capabilities as tthey only solution embedded in over a 0.5 billion endpoint devices. As we embark on fiscal 2021. We are working to extend our leadership position and accelerate our growth trajectory. Despite limited visibility as a result of macro events, we remain convinced that we can deliver double-digit ARR growth in tthey year while retaining theyalthy margins. Leigh will provide our outlook for tthey year during their prepared remarks. Our focus in tthey coming quarters will be on high growth opportunities such as our global strategic accounts, international expansion continuing in EMEA, broadening our channel and partner programs and new capability and product offerings that leverage our rich data platform and secure channel. Tthey endpoint security market is expanding rapidly and Endpoint Resilience is emerging as a critical capability in a time wtheyn tthey industry is redefining tthey modern endpoint computing architecture. We are well organized to capitalize on ttheir opportunity and you should expect tthey company to invest and focus on growth with continued balance given tthey underlying economic environment. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Leigh. Leigh Ramsden Thanks, Christy and good afternoon everyone. Q4 was a stellar quarter for Absolute highlighted by continued double-digit ARR growth in tthey combined enterprise and government verticals, a rebound in Education and continued strong EBITDA margins. Before we get into tthey numbers, I want to call out a change and how we refer to our recurring revenue base. Beginning in tthey fourth quarter, we have changed our nomenclature from ACV Base to total Terryual Recurring Revenue, or ARR. That we believe it's a more appropriate description and is in line with industry standards. Similarly, Net ACV Retention and ACV from New Customers are now referred to as net ARR Retention and ARR from New Customers. I will point out that ttheyre are no changes in how we calculate any of ttheyse measures from previous periods. And total ARR remains tthey amount of annual recurring revenue under contract and generating revenue at a point in time. With that said, we will now get into our financial results. Total ARR was $108.3 million at June 30, representing an increase of 11% over tthey prior year, and an increase of 7% in tthey fourth quarter. Ttheir record quarterly performance was buoyed by strengths across all verticals, from both upsell and expansion of existing customers, as well as initial sales to new customers. In Q4, we added ARR from new customers of $3.5 million, up from $1.0 million in tthey third quarter, and up from $2.1 million in tthey prior year. Net ARR retention from existing customers was 103% in tthey fourth quarter, up from 100% in each of tthey third quarter, and tthey fourth quarter of tthey prior year. Tthey increase in total ARR and our Net ARR Retention and ARR from New Customers all represent tthey best results we have experienced since we began measuring tthey business in ttheir way in fiscal 2016. In tthey fourth quarter, we experienced an uptick in demand resulting in part from tthey shift to work from home and learn from home arrangements. Tthey macroeconomic disruption being experienced globally is yet to have any significant negative impact on our customer base. However, tthey potential future impact on our customers and any associated expense reduction measures is currently unknown. Tthey combined enterprise and government portion of total ARR increased 14% year-over-year, but ttheyse customer segments representing 68% of total ARR at June 30. We achieved ARR from new customers of $2.4 million in ttheyse segments, compared to $1.0 million in tthey third quarter, and $2.0 million in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Ttheir improved performance did not include any single customer wins greater than $500,000, which we believe is indicative of broader success in our efforts to accelerate ARR from new customers. Overall, we remain encouraged by tthey continued momentum we are seeing in ttheyse verticals along with tthey current success of our solutions theylping customers deal with remote working arrangements. Tthey Education vertical, which represented 32% of total ARR at June 30, was up 4% year-over-year and increased 11% from tthey third quarter. Tthey acceleration we saw in ttheir market at tthey end of tthey third quarter, in part as a result of K-12 educational organizations contending with new distance learning requirements continued throughout tthey fourth quarter. As Christy mentioned, we believe that educational organizations are now having to focus not only on students, but also on teactheyrs and administrators in order to effectively enable learn from home initiatives. We achieved ARR from new customers of $1.1 million in Education compared to $0.1 million in tthey third quarter and $0.2 million in tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Tthey $3.5 million increase in total ARR in tthey fourth quarter represents only tthey third time we've seen a sequential increase in Education in tthey past three fiscal years, showing early evidence of a shift in ttheir market. We continue to believe tthey increased complexity faced by IT and security teams in order to enable users to work and learn from home will have a lasting impact on how organizations will plan and manage ttheyir workforces, with a greater reliance on endpoint control and visibility. Turning to our geographical performance, international total ARR was up 20% year-over-year, and 8% from tthey third quarter. Our performance in tthey quarter was bolstered by a large customer expansion in tthey Latin American Ttheyatre. Total ARR in North America was up 9% year-over-year and accounted for 86% of total ARR at June 30. Revenue in Q4, fiscal 2020 was $27.2 million up 7% compared to Q4 fiscal 2019. Absolute delivered record annual revenue of $104.7 million for tthey full year in fiscal 2020 and increase of 6% from fiscal 2019. Revenue growth is primarily driven by trailing year-over-year growth in total ARR. Adjusted EBITDA which is defined in our press release and MD&A was $8.0 million, or 29% of revenue in tthey fourth quarter. Our Q4 fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA reflected tthey impact of IFRS 16 tthey leases accounting standard, which resulted in a benefit of $500,000 or 1% of revenue wtheyn compared to fiscal 2019. Please refer to our financial statements and MD&A for furttheyr details of tthey impact of IFRS 16 on our financial results. On a pre-IFRS 16 basis, Q4 adjusted EBITDA was $7.5 million, or 28% of revenue, up from $4.9 million, or 19% of revenue in tthey prior year. Tthey continued strength in EBITDA as a result of consistent revenue and gross margin growth coupled with tthey impact of a slightly lower expense base in tthey fourth quarter. Our gross margins remains strong at 89% in tthey fourth quarter, compared to 86% in tthey prior year. Margins were particularly strong in tthey quarter as a result of lower service guarantee expenses year-over-year. Compared with tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 in addition to tthey decreased service guarantee costs, our expense base reflected tthey impact of lower travel and entertainment expenses, partially offset by increased theyadcount related expenses, resulting from increased levels of commission and bonus accruals. Total theyadcount at June 30 was 499 compared to 477 at tthey end of Q4 fiscal 2019 and 501 at March 31, 2020. Now turning to cash flow in tthey fourth quarter, we generated strong cash from operating activities of $11.6 million or $11.1 million prior to tthey implementation of IFRS 16. Ttheir compares to cash from operating activities of $3.5 million in Q4 of fiscal 2019. Our operating cash flows were positively impacted in tthey quarter by increased billings in tthey third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2020. And tthey impact of working capital changes which will fluctuate based on collection and payment cycles. In tthey fourth quarter, primarily resulting from our improved performance in tthey Education sector, our average prepaid contract term increased to 21 months. Ttheir resulted partially from seasonality, as our fourth quarter is typically weighted more theyavily to Education customers who generally purchase longer term contracts than our enterprise customers. Finally, I'd like to shift our expectations for fiscal 2021. Please be reminded that tthey following expectations constitute forward-looking statements and financial outlook, and are qualified in ttheyir entirety by tthey detailed cautionary statements contained in our Q4 MD&A. As Christy mentioned, we plan on making targeted investments in fiscal 2021 in a number of areas in order to drive continued growth, while maintaining our theyalthy EBITDA margin profile. While we believe Absolute can deliver double-digit ARR growth in fiscal 2021 tthey challenges and uncertainties in tthey macro-environment brought about by tthey pandemic led us to be balanced in our financial outlook for tthey year. Our financial outlook for fiscal 2021 is as follows: revenue is expected to be between $112 million and $118 million representing 7% to 13% annual growth. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be 20% to 24% of revenue. Cash from operating activities is expected to be between 22% and 34% of revenue. Capital expenditures are expected to be between $3.0 million and $4.0 million. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Daniel Chan with TD Securities. Your line is open. Daniel Chan So your next year guidance is for 7% to 13% growth. If you come in tthey midpoint of that that will be tthey higtheyst growth rate we've seen in a while. So what's driving your confidence for ttheir accelerated growth and what tthey assumptions that get you to tthey high end of that range versus tthey low end? Christy Wyatt Thanks for tthey question I can give a little bit of color on what we're seeing in tthey guidance right now. As we've talked about many times before, I think we've seen steady growth and improvement in tthey enterprise and government space. We continue to see that - we expect to see that continue. We've also seen as we've talked about strengttheyning in tthey education space, which has largely been kind of tthey negative drag on tthey overall growth rate. And so, we've seen some different behavior on that side. In addition, we see a lot of opportunity outside of North America, as we spoke about briefly, about 86% of our business is currently happening within North America, although some of our fastest growing segments have been in EMEA specifically in tthey U.K.. And so, one of our investment strategy as we go into tthey coming years to put more time and attention on tthey international markets as well with our partners clearly. Daniel Chan Yes, that makes sense. Any visibility on your ability to converse some of tthey prolongs that end in August? Christy Wyatt We're taking a lot of look - we're taking a deep look at a lot of tthey data. So our promotions were to make a certain set of capabilities available to customers who didn't have an existing license at no additional charge until tthey end of August. We've seen tremendous uptake of those capabilities. And so, we are looking right now at tthey usage patterns and given that tthey current set of events are taking a little longer ttheyn in tthey market than we had expected, wtheyre we've not yet made a decision on wtheyttheyr those promotions will extend or how we will see those going into tthey fall. So I expect to see us update more on that in tthey coming weeks. Daniel Chan And ttheyn just one more question on EBITDA, again nice speed EBITDA line again ttheir quarter. Wtheyre are tthey surprises coming from and ttheyn again in your guidance for next year, I think you’re looking for margins to decline a little bit, but you're expecting revenues to be up. So just kind of wondering about tthey assumptions that gone into that margin guidance as well? Thank you. Christy Wyatt Sure, I can start and ttheyn Leigh can add some color. So I think that clearly we had been doing a lot of work on optimizing margins in tthey first half of tthey year. I don't know that I would called ttheym surprises so much as accelerators, as we're seeing tthey effect of extended time not travelling, people getting comfortable working from home and our ability to drive additional efficiencies. Out of that, I think one ottheyr unusual trend that we saw is within tthey education space, and we've talked theirtorically about education customers, typically purchasing longer term contracts. And so, we did see some of that in ttheir quarter as well. Leigh anything to add? Leigh Ramsden Just as tthey year-over-year compare on cost of revenue was interesting because in tthey prior year, we had a large service guarantee charge that didn't recur ttheir year. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing I would point out is, we did have some investments in tthey business plan for tthey second half of tthey year ttheir year. And once March came along, we took a step back and took a bit of cautious approach in tthey in tthey back half of tthey year. So that contributed to tthey EBITDA performance. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Doug Taylor with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Doug Taylor I'm going to follow-up a question about tthey guidance in tthey top line 7% to 13%, which is a great number relative to wtheyre you've been punching over tthey last couple of years. But with 11% ARR growth built in right at tthey outset theyre do you think your guidance reflects a degree of conservatism at tthey low end of that range? Leigh Ramsden Yes, Doug it’s Leigh so I think you're right. I think that - wtheyn we looked atheyad for our outlook for next year, we wanted to take a balanced approach, given some of tthey uncertainty we see and putting a number out ttheyre for tthey entire year. At tthey same time, we're very encouraged by what we're seeing in tthey business right now. So, we thought we just be balanced in how we approach that. Doug Taylor I can appreciate that, would you say that some of your areas wtheyre you just want to be a little conservative, at least at tthey outset, are focused on tthey education sector. I mean, very strong much stronger ttheir quarter, but - is that related to some kind of acute things that happened ttheyre over tthey last couple months? And maybe, could you talk to us about wtheyttheyr what you're seeing in education, now versus in April and May wtheyn ttheyy were really scrambling has changed if tthey conversations have changed, or tthey I guess, tthey last couple months versus tthey initial COVID impact? Christy Wyatt Sure, I can speak to tthey education segment. And so, in my comments I touctheyd on a little bit of not just tthey acceleration, but also tthey shift and tthey behavior. A lot of times wtheyn education customers were using our technology, ttheyy were really focused on enabling students systems to a percentage or a subset of tthey population. With tthey rapid shift to distance learning, similar in tthey enterprise, we saw a lot of those organizations needing to accelerate digital adoption, but also not just for tthey students, but across tthey entire district or tthey entire state. And really, we don't believe as tthey quarter went on, that continued to grow and accelerate. And I think we've seen some of that as we've continued past ttheyre. And we don't believe we believe it stabilizes at some point. Although, I don't believe that we go back to just looking at digital or something just within tthey classroom. I think what we're seeing is, is an expectation that ttheyse organizations are going to need some level of agility and some level of connection to ttheyse devices. As tthey coming year is so unpredictable about wtheyttheyr students will be going home or coming back to tthey class. So in my comments, I think I referred to it more as an alignment between tthey education behavior and tthey enterprise behavior in terms of managing tthey technology. Doug Taylor And just to wrap that up, I mean would you say ttheyn you think that tthey education sector is on a firmer, better trajectory or stabilization coming out of COVID than it would have been going, ottheyrwise? Is that a fair assessment? Christy Wyatt I would view ttheir as a third chapter. I don't believe - in ttheyre being sort of a before versus an after. I think we have seen some accelerated activity of people needed to make and ttheyn a sharp shift over to tthey new model. But I do think that ttheyre is some fundamental change in how ttheyse individuals are viewing ttheyir broader enterprise or ttheyir broader institution. And so, we do think that that’s fundamentally changes how technology is used within tthey classroom and across tthey district. I don't think we have any visibility into tthey second half of tthey year now that unfolds in tthey coming months. But that's a little bit of what we're seeing right now. Doug Taylor Okay and ttheyn theyalthcare, obviously, a lot of distraction within that vertical for your customers with COVID. And so, can you speak to tthey trends you've observed ttheyre? Are you seeing any I mean, not - shown not in tthey numbers yet, but any pause in terms of deal flow in your sales funnel in tthey theyalthcare sector, and has that abated yet? Christy Wyatt I think it's too early to understand tthey long-term effect of COVID on any one of ttheyse vertical markets. I think we're sort of only midway through tthey game. I would say that in some of ttheyse segments like theyalthcare, we did see a tightening of budgets and we did see a bigger impact in some of those segments than we did in ottheyrs for example, government or financial. So I don't think we're predicting a long-term impact at ttheir point in time, but we definitely have seen tthey tightening in some of ttheyse areas. Doug Taylor Last question from me M&A hasn't been a big part of tthey story for several years now. But I'm just curious now that with work from home, seeming to be more permanent for many industries scenario. Is ttheyre some features or tools or anything that you feel like you might, be interested in acquiring or adding to your software suite that you didn't - hadn't thought about before? Has that changed your thinking on M&A in tthey near term or even developing tools organically which we can see, you've done a little bit of…? Christy Wyatt Yes, I tend to think of tthey previous couple of months as a real focusing event, not just for ourselves, but for tthey industry. I think that tthey definition of Resilience and tthey importance of having that connection to that device has become incredibly clear. We do spend quite a bit of time thinking about how do we drive more value for our customers. And I have consistently said, we'll always be open to opportunities to expand tthey value we deliver to our customers. I don't think we have anything to announce at ttheir point, but we are spending a lot of time listening to our customers and understanding ttheyir pain points in what I would call really tthey modern endpoint architecture. I think a lot of tthey security tools that ttheyse organizations were relying on depended on ttheyse devices living eittheyr in tthey network or accessing tthey network through a VPN. And that's wtheyre we're seeing a lot of ttheyse pain points and a much greater reliance on endpoint capabilities. So, nothing to announce at ttheir point, but I think that, we're always looking for opportunities to drive more value for our customers. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kevin Krishnaratne with Eight Capital. Your line is open. Kevin Krishnaratne Just following on some of tthey positive comments that you've been mentioning on, confidence in longer lasting impact. I'm wondering if you can kind of elaborate on tthey trends that you were seeing within tthey quarter. How was sales activity progressing, sort of month-over-month, any sort of commentary you can provide on inbound activity. And just, how busy your sales team has been and how that activity has been increasing as tthey as tthey quarter evolved and as without giving guidance for Q1, just sort of what you're seeing in tthey current period? Christy Wyatt Absolutely, so thank you Kevin. I would say, we talked a little bit already about tthey trends in tthey education side. I think on tthey enterprise, I touctheyd on briefly. We saw similar trends as employees were mobilized. We did see some budget tightening in certain sectors. But I would say tthey bigger trend was really - so many employees going home, some who had never worked from home before and many of those employees requiring devices. We saw a lot of old devices getting reactivated. We saw new devices reappearing, as I mentioned - and our new activations took quite a bit of a jump during ttheir period as well. I would say we're continuing to see a fair amount of activity within tthey customer base and within tthey pipeline as organizations are trying to figure out, which tools ttheyy can rely on and what tthey new normal is going to be that that modern architecture. We don't think that customers sort of revert back and assume that ttheyy believe tthey throw tthey doors open and everybody goes back home. And so, ttheyy are - ttheyy really is I think a twiddling that's going to take place over tthey coming months of security tools that fit within that framework of tthey modern architecture and those that that don't based on wtheyre ttheyy sit. I think that we have an important role to play within that. We did see a certain number of large RFPs, or new opportunities come across. Again, many of ttheym within education, wtheyre those new device purchases were coming through in Absolute was a critical part of that. So, as I said, as we entered into tthey summer, we've continued to be incredibly busy. I think one of tthey things that worked in our favor was we had spent so much time focused on renewals, and we had started tthey partnership with ServiceSource, which we've talked about on previous call. We said ttheir was tthey first quarter that ServiceSource was starting to assist with some of tthey renewals during tthey period albeit a small percentage of tthey portfolio. But that did give tthey selling team some of that additional capacity that we've talked about to be able to go and be more responsive to those customers that were looking for growth. And that's something we're looking to continue to see as we go into tthey first half of ttheir year. Kevin Krishnaratne Great, great color. Thanks for that. Leigh Ramsden Okay. Kevin, I'll just jump in and remind you that ttheyre is some seasonality to tthey business with our first quarter theirtorically being a stronger education quarter as opposed to enterprise and tthey second quarter being more theyavily weighted to enterprise and education. So some of those dynamics we expect to play out as we will go atheyad. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay, thanks for that Leigh. Maybe to continue on with tthey education, I understand that ttheyre could be sensitivity on discussing specific customers, but if you look at tthey education market was up $3.5 million on ARR, $1.1 million from new and I think you called out maybe ttheyre was one in ttheyre that was greater than $0.5 million. I'm wondering if you can maybe comment on that particular win. Is that something that had been in tthey works for some time? Is that something that maybe got accelerated due to COVID? Sort of what was tthey nature of that? Did it include any student analytics? Any commentary on that? Christy Wyatt I'm sorry, Kevin. Which opportunity are you referring to? Kevin Krishnaratne So in tthey education, ACV was up $3.5 million, and I think tthey disclosure was $1.1 million of that came from new ACV. And within that ttheyre might have been one customer that was greater than $0.5 million, or did I read that incorrectly? Christy Wyatt Leigh? Leigh Ramsden No, that's correct. That's correct, Kevin. So yes, ttheyre was one large customer wtheyn ttheyre. And I think, if you're thinking about how that deal came togettheyr, it did come up quite quickly. And it was primarily as a response to tthey COVID-19 impact. Kevin Krishnaratne And ttheyn if you're thinking about education, again, tthey remainder, 2.4 million of just tthey ACV from existing customers, was that largely - was - how was that spread without expansion of devices, as you mentioned, obviously, school districts and administrators taking ttheyir devices home? Or were ttheyre any - was ttheyre any student analytics uptake that drove some of that that ACV growth? Leigh Ramsden Yes, I think we saw a good growth across all sizes of our customers and education. But ttheyre were two significant large customer expansions, really increasing tthey number of devices that ttheyy were having under management. Kevin Krishnaratne Great. And I wanted… Christy Wyatt And just to answer your question, Kevin on student analytics, we spoke a little bit earlier about tthey web usage capabilities, which was really tthey first piece of student analytics, so that is tthey product name for that sort of capabilities. And that's one of tthey COVID offers we made at tthey end of tthey Q3 going into Q4. So all of tthey new ACV wouldn't be directly attributable to that set of features, because that set of features was really given away at no additional charge during ttheir period. Kevin Krishnaratne Right. Okay, thank you for tthey clarification. I just want to - so next question for me just on your confidence in double-digit ARR growth, you had highlighted a bunch of drivers of global strategic accounts in EMEA. I think one that you mentioned in ttheyre was new products and data, correct me if I'm wrong ttheyre. And if that's correct, what are - how do we think about that opportunity? I know it's early days, but any commentary could you provide ttheyre? And how that kind of rolls into your thoughts on guidance for next year? Christy Wyatt Absolutely. So we've spent quite a bit of time talking ttheir past year about our intelligence efforts and our desire to give customers access back to ttheyir data in a more interactive way. Up until now, we've done that largely through reporting. So, existing reporting capabilities within our existing product, or additional pieces of research or tools that we can give customers that allows ttheym to benchmark against that product. We've talked a lot about how - data more accessible for tthey customers, eittheyr through accessibility through existing tools ttheyy already have, our new products or offers coming from coming from ourselves. So as you said, it's a little ways out ttheyre, and ttheyse are some of tthey innovation initiatives we've been laying out over tthey previous couple of months, but we're making good progress. Kevin Krishnaratne Your R&D count went up, I think it was 210 at tthey end of June and ttheyn 218, goes marketing slightly down. So can you comment on wtheyre that spending is going? Is it going towards - are you hiring within tthey data analytics teams? Or wtheyre did you see tthey increases coming? Leigh Ramsden Yes, a large part of tthey R&D increase was tthey data analytics side and also just some backfill some open positions that we had at tthey end of March. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Thanos Moschopoulos Can you speak to what - how your go-to-market and how demand generation looks like in tthey current climate? Is ttheyre a shift that you're seeing in terms of tthey importance of partner driven demand generation versus your internal sales force? And generally speaking, how have you adapt - how you adapt your sales process and sales cycles through tthey current climate? Christy Wyatt Hi, Thanos. Certainly, so I don't think very much has changed around tthey program in terms of how we're approaching tthey market. We've talked before about landing with tthey partners and extending directly ttheyre. Ttheyre was a lot of partner collaboration activity happening through tthey quarter. And I touctheyd on some of ttheym in my comments and some of tthey new initiatives wtheyre we're working on eittheyr soft or hard bundles with our partners as a part of ttheyir work from home or COVID response. I think that from our own efforts, as I mentioned before, we had a little bit more capacity to focus on growth and expansion with our direct sellers, as we were transitioning some of tthey renewals. So, ttheir was - ttheyse were initiatives we had started last year. Generally, ttheir quarter was a quarter wtheyre we were just really starting to kind of get traction and it just happened to be tthey same quarter wtheyre we were seeing ttheir increased market activity. I think as we go into tthey coming quarter, you should expect to see more of tthey same. We continue to have a lot of support interaction with our OEM partners. And so, I am increasingly focused on resellers and VAR partners as well, which I touctheyd on in my - with - in my comments as well. So we're increasing our activity with our channel partners. And in parallel, our direct sellers are increasingly focused on expansion in upsell as we move more of those renewals over to ServiceSource and tthey new renewals team. Thanos Moschopoulos You mentioned that tthey average contract term went up to 21 months. Just remind us wtheyre that’s had been coming previously. Leigh Ramsden Yes, it trended - it has been trending in tthey 18 month range lately and it didn’t dip down in tthey third quarter to close to 15. And ttheyn that's really a - in tthey third quarter we have a large customer and that's on an annual renewal, so it does dip down in tthey third quarter, but that's definitely off tthey trend that was going more towards 18, 19 months. Thanos Moschopoulos And ttheyn I think in your prepared remarks you alluded to more international investment in tthey upcoming year. What will be your areas of focus in that regard as far as extending your sales capacity? Christy Wyatt Tthey first place you'll see a focus thing as additional resources in EMEA. As I have said before, wtheyn we go into a new region, we go in most effectively with our partners. So you shouldn't expect to see a big shift in sort of selling and marketing or change to that model. But you have seen us - see some accelerated growth and some success in selling internationally wtheyn we go in with a partner. So EMEA will be tthey first place, we'll think about ottheyr territories as we go into tthey second half of tthey year. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Kwan with PI Financial. Your line is open. David Kwan Just wanted to ask, I guess as it relates to some of tthey successes that you've had, as you're selling in ttheir COVID environment. Given that, IC Groups and departments have more time to kind of assess, what ttheyy need to be felt from a security perspective. Obviously, from an endpoint perspective, which would be beneficial for you? Have you seen any pickup in terms of, customers looking to accelerate tthey deployment across ttheyir footprint as opposed to waiting typically wtheyn ttheyy buy new laptops as a part of a corporate refresh? Christy Wyatt That's a great question David, thank you. And tthey answer is, absolutely we did so if customers have been working with us as a way to manage ttheyir mobile assets, but maybe had not deployed as broadly internal to tthey organization. And that was a common trend, as we were originally viewed as something you deployed on laptops in case ttheyy went missing. We did definitely had a certain number of customers who have ttheir only partially deployed. And as most devices and employees went home, ttheyre definitely was an acceleration of activity to try to cover employees wall-to-wall eittheyr new systems ttheyy were buying or existing systems. In fact in some cases, we saw supply constraints in tthey channel, preventing ttheym from getting tthey access to tthey new systems. Ttheyy were trying to bring on board, but still pushing software across tthey existing systems that ttheyy had eittheyr just sent home or we're trying to send home. So we definitely saw a fair amount of that as tthey quarter went through. Leigh Ramsden Yes in tthey past, we've talked about enterprise and site licenses, those are our volume licensing arrangements and ttheyre is very theyalthy activity on that front in tthey quarter. David Kwan So that's theylpful. So did you guys see I guess, average sales prices or average deal sizes increase because of that? Leigh Ramsden Yes, we did have a very strong quarter from a - theyalth of tthey pricing that we were seeing. So it was up across all verticals and across all products. David Kwan Okay, that's perfect. And as it relates to some of tthey promotions that you talked about, with your OEM partners, particular kind of work from home bundles? I assume that you've probably seen tthey tax rates increase significantly versus pre-COVID? Christy Wyatt So for - well so, in tthey cases wtheyre we're doing bundles wtheyre some of those partners, ttheyy could be hard or soft bundles, which means ttheyy could be baked into a particular eittheyr software or hardware software bundle that ttheyy're a baking out or sending out or ttheyy could be a soft bundle, which means it's in ttheyir configuration tool. And tthey sales rep needs to be to selected or unselected in order to include it as it's going out in sort of a preconfigured bundle. So I would say, as a result naturally it is attactheyd at tthey sales point increase. I'd say it's too early on tthey activation side. Clearly at ttheir moment, ttheir is wtheyre our customer success team engages and really focuses on driving activations and ensuring that customers are seeing value very quickly. We did see accelerated activation - through tthey quarter from both new and existing customers. So in fact, clearly we have something called an overhang, which means tthey customer may purchase a set number of licenses, but ttheyir deployment plan may take several months for ttheym to ramp up and use all of ttheym. And we did have a fair number of customers that accelerated ttheyir activation plans to sort of accelerate up to capacity or even beyond capacity and ttheyn come back to sort of relicensed tthey overage as ttheyy were struggling to get employees home and activated. David Kwan That's great. Thanks, Christy. I guess wtheyn you look at - that you talked about that’s tthey increase to 21 months in terms of tthey average term, I guess. Most likely you talk about coming from tthey education side, have you seen some of tthey education customers have to sign longer contracts than normal, maybe beyond tthey three years given some of tthey government funding that's available ttheyse days? Leigh Ramsden Yes, we did have one large customer sale in tthey quarter that was a four year deal. Ttheyy do tend to cluster around three years, however. And ttheyre actually was one significant one that was a one year deal as well. So, I would say that ttheyre's no discernible pattern that we're seeing, but we're seeing contract terms of all sizes. Christy Wyatt Maybe I can fill out a little bit of context without kind of wtheyre some of that is coming from. Ttheyre's been a lot of stabilization funds funneled into education, from things like tthey CARES Act. And so, a lot of ttheyse educational organizations may not be as certain about tthey ongoing funding. And so, wtheyn ttheyy're thinking about how do ttheyy provide stability to ttheyir organization for a period of time. We had several requests for organizations that looked to essentially buy out ttheyir current estate with an intention that ttheyy'll activate absolute on our new hardware going forward. So it's sort of an opportunity to buy out tthey existing environment and build a solid base so that in tthey out years, ttheyy can continue that that licensing strategy going forward. And so, part of tthey accessibility of funding is a part of tthey dynamic as well. David Kwan Thanks Christy. Just couple more questions on tthey cash flow guidance you have pretty wide range ttheyre. Could you comment on as to what's driving that? Leigh Ramsden Yes, so that's really a function of tthey wide range that we have on tthey revenue guidance. So wtheyn we think about how our total ARR might come in tthey next fiscal year. We did incorporate a relatively large range of performance for that. And ttheyre's a multiplier effect on tthey ARR performance wtheyn it turns into billings, and ttheyn tthey billings convert to cash flow. So that really explains why tthey cash is a such a wide range. David Kwan That’s make sense? Thanks Leigh. And just finally, just as it relates to tthey seasonality. You talked about from a revenue perspective. Can you talk about how we should think about that for tthey OpEx side. We saw that tthey sales and marketing drop ttheir past quarter, not surprisingly, given COVID? I think in Q1 you have your company wide kickoff, which I assume is going to theylp virtually. But just understanding how we should be looking at that as you progress throughout tthey year? Leigh Ramsden Yes, so wtheyn we look into fiscal 2021, we've talked a bit about some of tthey investments that we're going to be making. And I think we're taking a balanced approach on those and a prudent approach. And we're not jumping in to tthey deep end of tthey pool with both feet, so to speak. But we will be making those investments on a measured basis. And I think I would expect to see tthey EBITDA percentage coming down throughout tthey course of tthey year. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will turn tthey call back over to Christy Wyatt. Christy Wyatt Thank you. I want to thank you all again for your time today. We appreciate your interest in Absolute and we look forward to speaking you all again next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.