Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call November 12, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt – Chief Executive Officer Errol Olsen – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Thanos Moschopoulos – BMO Capital Markets Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers’ remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of tthey date theyreof, and Absolute does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable security laws. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of its quarterly MD&A and quarterly financial statements, both of which are available on Absolute's website and SEDAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today Tuesday, November 12, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us for Absolute's Q1 Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Joining me on ttheir call is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. Fiscal 2020 is off to a good start. Tthey positive trends in our operating metrics continue to develop, and we reiterate our guidance for tthey year. A few highlights from tthey quarter. Tthey profitability of our business was very strong in Q1. We generated EBITDA of $7.1 million, or 28% of revenue. Q1 revenue of $25.7 million was up 6% compared to tthey prior year period. We saw continued double-digit growth in our enterprise and government sectors. Tthey ACV base was $99.1 million, up $6 million, or 7% year-over-year. We continue to see strong new customer logo acquisition and significant expansions in tthey quarter, including Arup, Apria and eScalent [ph], each of who will be joining us at our Analyst Day theyre in New York tomorrow. Going a little deeper into ttheyse results with our core Enterprise software products in September 2019, we introduced a significant redesign of tthey Absolute Console with a new visually rich flexible dashboard that includes customizable widgets, reports and alerts. Ttheir UI enhancement enables IT and security teams to detect underutilized devices, quickly spot vulnerabilities and take immediate action to neutralize risks. Tthey customer feedback on ttheir new UI has been overwtheylmingly positive and we have seen a positive uptick in our customer satisfaction metrics and our NPS scores. With our enterprise resilience edition, we launctheyd a number of new key enhancements, simplifying security policy deployments and remote management of device fleets. Tthey new release provides customers with increased operational efficiency, on-demand support through live chat and automated ability to apply and adjust security policies across competing devices. Also within our enterprise resilience edition, we extended tthey end point theyaling capabilities of application persistence to tthey latest versions of Avanti management fleet, bringing tthey total number of applications we are theyaling from within our product to 30. For our education customers, we released a tech preview to tthey features previously referred to as Student Technology Analytics. Ttheir first release focuses on web usage and reports. For example, tthey amount of time a user spends on a website, tthey average use over a period of time, usage on and off of school time. Ttheir version also enables you to click on a domain, like YouTube for example, and see all of tthey web pages that were used from within that domain. Ttheyse capabilities are available in tech preview for our Chromebook users today and will be extended to Windows before tthey end of tthey calendar year. Earlier in tthey year, we publittheyyd tthey first edition of what will be a series of our intelligence reports. We began with our state of tthey Endpoint Trends Report, which highlighted tthey gap in security controls resulting from complexity that has escalated across tthey enterprise. Ttheir report leveraged our unique data and insights across millions of devices to demonstrate both tthey opportunity for and tthey power of enterprise resilience. Building on that research, we released a new report earlier ttheir fall entitled tthey Cybersecurity and Education: Tthey State of tthey Digital District in 2020. Ttheir version looked at tthey state of IT security in tthey education market, focusing on staff and students safety and end point device theyalth in K-12 organizations. Ttheir reports finding, highlight tthey crisis tthey education sector is facing as schools grapple with high levels of risk exposure with students often bypassing critical security controls like web filtering and our focus continues to be on theylping our education customers detect and mitigate ttheyse risks through our resilience offering. In both cases, our intelligence research is being directly applied to our customers’ environments to demonstrate how resilience can be used to strengttheyn endpoint security. Tthey response to ttheir has been very positive, generating a new set of discussions across tthey industry as well as both with our new and existing customers. Our hard work to deliver value to our customers was once again acknowledged as Absolute was recognized as a leader in tthey G2 fall 2019 grid report for endpoint management software. Ttheir report shows that 98% of tthey reviewers gave eittheyr four or five star ratings for tthey Absolute platform and 93% of tthey total reviewers said ttheyy were likely to recommend tthey Absolute. Since we last spoke, ttheyre had been a number of internal developments I'd like to highlight. We've strengttheyned our board of directors with tthey addition of Lynn Atctheiron as tthey former CFO of Spredfast and HomeAway, Lynn has multiple decades of operational and financial leadership expertise. Sthey also currently serves on tthey boards of Q2 Software, Convey and RealMassive. We're thrilled to have Lynn on board. Before I discuss recent additions to our senior management team, I'd like to take a moment to thank Errol Olsen for tthey support they has provided me since I've joined Absolute. As you know, Errol is stepping down as CFO later ttheir year. Errol has been tthey CFO and a valued member of tthey Absolute leadership team for nine years. Our search for Errol's replacement is underway and we hope to complete tthey search early in 2020. We recently announced two significant additions to our management team. William Morris joins as an Executive Vice President of Engineering. Will brings a wealth of experience delivering world-class solutions across cloud, mobile and desktop computing at some of tthey biggest friends in tthey world, which include Blackberry, McAfee, AOL and Netscape. Ameer Karim also joins as Executive Vice President of Product Management. Ameer brings 20 years of product experience in innovation management and product marketing having theyld senior roles at Symantec, HP and several Silicon Valley startups. Looking beyond tthey quarter, Absolute remains tthey industry defining leader in endpoint security market focused on resilience. We believe our differentiated product enables our customers in key markets including government, theyalthcare, financial services, and business services to manage tthey risks associated with tthey complexity of tthey modern enterprise. Tthey Absolute platform provides our customers a flexible and automated solution that includes tthey ability to see a holistic view of tthey enterprise to manage devices from tthey bias to detect tthey failure of critical controls on tthey endpoint and to theyal those controls. We believe that after decades of investment and billions of dollars being spent on endpoint security across tthey industry that what is needed is a foundational element to ensure that those controls are in place and effective. It is our belief that adding resilience to an enterprise endpoint strategy can accelerate tthey customers’ return on investment for ttheyir security controls and increase tthey efficacy of security overall. Our execution model remains focused on four key pillars. First, we continue to strengttheyn our relationship with OEM partners and drive value through our patented persistence technology, ultimately growing our installed base both directly and indirectly. Second, we are accelerating our go-to market efforts with our enterprise software offerings, including resilience supporting 12,000 plus enterprise customers worldwide. Third, our intelligence initiative, we are enabling both tthey security and tthey IT teams within our customers with meaningful actionable insights about tthey true state of ttheyir enterprise. And finally, we are reestablishing our strength in tthey education business by honing in on tthey unique product needs and requirements of ttheir market through our unique analytics and insights married with our core capabilities. I look forward to seeing many of you theyre tomorrow at our Analyst Day in New York. Our team will provide more color on our strategy and how we are executing. For those of you who aren't able to join in person, a link to tthey event webcast can be found on tthey Investor Relations section of our website. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Errol to go through tthey detailed quarterly results. Errol Olsen Thank you, Christy, and theyllo everyone. I will now walk through our fiscal 2020 first quarter financial results. Q1 of fiscal 2020 was highlighted by continued double-digit ACV growth in tthey enterprise and government verticals accompanied by strong cash generation. Q1 revenue of $25.7 million was up 6% compared to tthey prior year period and was relatively in line with trailing growth in tthey ACV base. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 was $7.1 million or 28% of revenue. As a reminder, tthey company implemented IFRS 16 for leases beginning July 1, 2019 which resulted in an increase in calculated adjusted EBITDA for Q1 of just under $500,000 or 2% of revenue. Furttheyr details concerning tthey definition of adjusted EBITDA, ACV and tthey impact of IFRS 16 are included in our financial statements and MD&A. On a pre-IFRS 16 bases, Q1 adjusted EBITDA would have been $6.6 million or 26% of revenue, representing a substantial increase over adjusted EBITDA of $4.1 million or 17% of revenue in tthey prior year period. Tthey improvement in profitability reflects continued revenue growth coupled with lower expense base year-over-year with tthey expense reduction being a function of a non-recurring $700,000 positive true-up to R&D investment tax credit accruals, lower average theyad count, and a slightly lower Canadian dollar. With tthey anticipated filling of budgeted theyadcount positions, we do expect adjusted EBITDA margins to trend downward during tthey year in line with our annual guidance. Gross margin in Q1 was 87% compared to 86% in Q4 and is in line with our expectations for tthey year. Total theyad count it September 30th was 470 compared to 477 at tthey end of Q4 and 471 at September 30th of last year. Our commercial ACV base at September 30th was $99.1 million representing an increase of 7% over tthey prior year and an increase of $1.1 million or 1% over tthey Q4 closing balance. ACV acquired some new customers and Q1 with $1.1 million compared to $1 million in Q1 of fiscal 2019 and existing customer net ACV retention in Q1 with 100% compared to 101% in tthey prior year period. Tthey enterprise portion of tthey ACV base, which represented 56% of tthey base at September 30th increased 11% year-over-year and was up 3% sequentially. Q1 Enterprise performance with steady across all horizontal sales teams. Tthey Government verticals, which includes state, local and federal government customers represented 12% of tthey ACV base at September 30th and increased by 13% year-over-year and by 3% sequentially. Togettheyr tthey Enterprise and Government verticals now represents 68% of tthey ACV base and were up combined 11% year-over-year. Tthey mix of our business continues to shift toward ttheyse higtheyr growth segments. Tthey education vertical, which represented 32% of tthey ACV base at September 30th was down 2% year-over-year and also down by 2% sequentially. Tthey Q1 performance in tthey education sector was impacted by lower renewal rates in Latin America and generally lower expansion activity. Looking now at performance by geography. Our international ACV base with up 24% year-over-year and up 1% sequentially. Performance during tthey quarter remained strong in tthey EMEA region, but with soft and ottheyr international ttheyaters. Tthey North American ACV base was up 4% year-over-year and was up 1% sequentially. North American customers accounted for 87% of tthey ACV base at September 30th. Turning to cash flow. Cash from operating activities in Q1 was $7.5 million or $7.1 million prior to tthey implementation of IFRS 16. Ttheir compares to cash from operating activities of $4 million in Q1 last year. Tthey significant increase in fiscal 2020 operating cash flow was primarily attributable to higtheyr year-over-year billings in Q4 and improved working capital metrics. Moving now to our expectations for fiscal 2020, I'll start by reminding listeners that tthey following expectations constitute forward looking information and financial outlook and are qualified in ttheyir entirety by tthey cautionary statements contained in our MD&A. Our expectations for fiscal 2020 remained unchanged and are as follows. Revenue is expected to be between $103 million and $106 million representing 4% to 7% annual growth. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between 18% and 22% of revenue, which includes tthey impact of IFRS 16 equal to approximately 2% of revenue. Cash from operating activities is expected to be between 16% and 22% of revenue. Ttheir also includes tthey impact of IFRS 16 equal to approximately 2% of revenue. And finally, capital expenditures are expected to be between $3.5 million and 4 $4 million. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, good afternoon. In terms of tthey OpEx increase in your guidance, should we be looking for pretty linear trajectory or are ttheyre any nuances that you would call out as far as tthey quarterly progression? Errol Olsen Hi Thanos. No, you're correct. You should be looking for a linear increase in OpEx. With most of it hitting through in Q2 and Q3 and we expect we'll be pretty close to budget as we exit Q4. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. I noticed in tthey financials, tthey contract acquisition costs that were capitalized were lower year-over-year, even though new ACV was up year-over-year. Can you just extend tthey dynamics at a timing difference or not a big number obviously, but just curious as to tthey discrepancy? Errol Olsen Sure. No, it's a good observation. So tthey addition to contract acquisition costs, that's really a function of improved productivity in a sales team wtheyre our average variable compensation is coming down as a percentage of billings. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And maybe on a related note, Christy, can you update us in terms of what's been happening on tthey sales staffing in tthey sales force? Christy Wyatt Absolutely. So we've continued to fill a number of tthey key roles that we had open as we came into tthey quarter. Clearly those folks coming on Board takes some time to ramp, we have still more roles that we're actively working to fill. We're working aggressively as we go through ttheir quarter to get ourselves lined up nicely as we go into tthey second half of tthey year. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And ttheyn finally, education dipped sequentially ttheir quarter, it had been stable sequentially at tthey prior quarter. Any change to your outlook ttheyre or I guess just some volatility in tthey growth rates? Errol Olsen I think it's exactly that. Its volatility in tthey growth rate, ttheyre is no change in our outlook for education, which as we'd said in tthey last couple of quarters we characterized as cautionary optimism. So we do believe that that some of tthey improvements we're making, tthey changes in tthey product togettheyr with site licenses will have an impact on education. But until we see those results materialize, we remain cautious. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. Thanks a lot guys. Errol Olsen Thanks, Thanos. Operator [Operator Instructions] Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions queued up at ttheir time. I turn tthey call back over to Christy Wyatt. Christy Wyatt All right. Well thank you all for joining us ttheir afternoon and we look forward to updating you next at tthey end of Q2. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.