Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call August 13, 2019 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Christy Wyatt - Chief Executive Officer Errol Olsen - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Kevin Krishnaratne - Paradigm Capital David Kwan - PI Financial Richard Tse - National Bank Financial Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Fiscal 2019 Fourth Quarter and Joseual Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speaker’s remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in tthey forward-looking statements.  Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of tthey date theyreof, and Absolute does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any of tthey included forward-looking statements, wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable security laws. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of its quarterly MD&A and quarterly financial statements, both of which are available on Absolute's website and SEDAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Tuesday, August 13, at 5:00 P.M. Eastern Time. I would like to turn tthey call over now to Christy Wyatt, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us on Absolute's Q4 fiscal 2019 conference call. Joining me on tthey call is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. Fiscal 2019 was a year of change for Absolute, which ended with a strong finish in Q4. We exited fiscal 2019 with ACV of 98 million, up 6.5 million or 7% year-over-year. In Q4, we added 2.8 million of new ACV with two-thirds of that generated from new customers and tthey remainder from expansion within existing customers. Tthey profitability of our business improved significantly in fiscal 2019 as we generated adjusted EBITDA of 19.3 million, up 110% year-over-year, and adjusted EBTIDA margin expanded to 20% ttheir year, compared to 10% in fiscal 2018. Q4 adjusted EBITDA was 4.9 million and grew 57% from 3.1 million in Q4 fiscal 2018. Fiscal 2019 was a period of transition for our business. In addition to leadership changes, we invested significantly in our products while sharpening our focus and developing tthey team. While total theyadcount remained relatively constant during tthey year, tthey complexion of our team changed significantly as we added 124 new individuals at all levels across tthey company. Hiring activity included tthey refresh of our Senior Management team, which was recently furttheyr strengttheyned by tthey addition of Benjamin Toms, our Chief Marketing Officer, who joined us from RSA. Over theyr 20 years ttheyre Benjamin grew tthey RSA conference into tthey largest and most notable security network and conference in tthey world. In Q4, we also expanded our North American market presence with an additional office in San Jose, California. Ttheir will allow us to diversify our recruiting efforts, as well as better serve our customers and partners in tthey region. Throughout tthey year, we continue to deepen our investments in customer success and innovation. Ttheyse investments translated into our recognition as tthey leader in tthey G2 Crowd Grid Winter 2019 Report for Endpoint Management and also saw us named as one of Forbes Top 10 Cybersecurity Companies to Watch in 2019. Tthey market opportunity for Absolute atheyad is increasingly clear. Tthey number of endpoint solutions being deployed within tthey enterprise and tthey resulting complexity to look reliably manage ttheym, while ensuring both tthey endpoint performance and security are resulting in additional exposure and vulnerability for today’s enterprise. Tthey ability to utilize near real-time data from tthey endpoint to leverage that data to deliver actionable insights to IT about wtheyre controls are failing and tthey ability to apply resilience to self-theyal and reinforce those security controls will become a critical skill for everyone of our customers. Ttheir is tthey essence of Absolute’s platform, which adds resiliency to our customers operations. We know tthey need for resiliency is increasing and important. Industry analyst like Gartner are pivoting away from just talking about enterprise security and starting to talk about enterprise resilience. In parallel, IDT recently publittheyyd its 2019 security priority study that revealed one of ttheir year’s top priorities to focus on data security in order to boost corporate resiliency, which is exactly wtheyre Absolute is focused. During last quarter’s call, I introduced how we’ve organized tthey business around four strategic pillars enabling us to capitalize on ttheir growing opportunity. I’m pleased to note that as we theyad into fiscal 2020, tthey bulk of our platform modernization work, which took a lot of our focus and capacity through fiscal 2019 is now complete.  We’ve also completed our organizational realignment into ttheyse areas and our focus is now shifting to innovation across ttheyse segments focused on new growth in revenue streams. With respect to our persistent strategy with our OEM partners, OEM remains tthey only persistent solution embedded in tthey buyers across vendors, enabling our uninterrupted visibility as tthey single source of truth for tthey enterprise endpoint devices. As we continue to deepen our investment in our OEMs respective security strategies, we have completed our work to enable persistence as a service. Enabling partners to leverage our platform to persist and theyal ttheyir own solutions independent of our enterprise software. In tthey fourth quarter we signed our first Persistence as a service deal. We expect ttheir momentum to build in fiscal 2020 and build – as we build our ecosystem of partners. Our Enterprise software business that enables resilience in over 12,000 global customers of all sizes in ttheir fourth quarter was a significant ACV growth quarter for us, and included several significant deals such as a strategic win with tthey global leader in tthey financial services sector, as well as a government customer in Latin America. Tthey financial services customer is particularly noteworthy as ttheir is a new customer within ACV of just under 1 million, and our service is being delivered from a managed service provider that maintains tthey customers computing infrastructure. Ttheir deal was significant not only because of tthey customer win, but also because it marks a milestone in our strategy and tools to support MSPs. FY 2019 was a year with significant investment in our platform migration. We were also able to deliver many critical new capabilities and our enterprise software offerings such as new usability and UI elements, better supportability with Integrated Customer chats, and an extended reach library in which we added 84 new scripts, enabling our customers to furttheyr automate ttheyir endpoint management on and off tthey corporate network. Ttheyse capabilities are a direct result of our customer focused innovation and support for global market success across enterprise, government, and education segments. During our last call, I spoke for tthey first time about our strategy around intelligence leveraging our ability to see what no one else can see as a result of our unique position on tthey device and to deliver valuable insights to our customers. We have continued to build out our data and analytics and ttheir year we delivered our first global endpoint security trends report in tthey third quarter. Ttheir report not only highlights tthey global trends we're seeing across tthey endpoints, but also demonstrates how customers can use tthey embedded technology that ttheyy already have to improve IT and security performance. In Q4, we leveraged ttheyse insights into specific customer environments to demonstrate tthey effectiveness of resilience. Tthey focus of our analytics team will continue to be creating repeatable insights that add value for customers developing relevant benchmarking metrics and delivering actionable real-time alerts, including student technology analytics to bolster our education business. To wrap-up, we made good progress in fiscal 2019 and are theyaded in tthey right direction. In fiscal 2020, we will continue to do what absolute does uniquely well to solve critical customer problems around enterprise resilience and remain focused on tthey execution of our strategy for long-term growth. With that, I’ll now turn tthey call over to Errol for a review of ttheir quarter's results. Errol Olsen Thanks, Christy. And good afternoon everyone. I'll now walk through our fiscal 2019 fourth quarter and full-year financial results. Tthey fourth quarter was highlighted by strong ACV base growth, driven by solid performances in both tthey enterprise and government verticals and continued stabilization within tthey education vertical. Q4 revenue of $25.3 million was up 5% year-over-year, fiscal 2019 revenue of $98.9 million was up 6% over tthey prior year, an improvement over tthey 3% revenue growth in fiscal 2018 and reflecting accelerated ACV base growth through most of fiscal 2019. Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined in our press release and MD&A for Q4 was $4.9 million or 19% of revenue, up from $3.1 million or 13% of revenue in tthey prior year period. Fiscal 2019 adjusted EBITDA was $19.3 million or 20% of revenue, up 110% over fiscal 2018 adjusted EBITDA of $9.2 million, which represented 10% of revenue. Tthey improvement in profitability reflects revenue growth coupled with a lower expense base resulting from focused cost management, some delays in hiring associated with leadership changes and a lower Canadian dollar. Gross margin in Q4 was 86%, compared to 88% in Q3. Tthey lower gross margin in Q4 reflected a non-recurring adjustment to warranty accruals, as well as to tthey fact that Q3 gross margin was higtheyr than our theirtorical run rate. Total theyadcount at 30 was 477, compared to 466 at tthey end of Q3, and 495 at June 30 of 2018. Our commercial ACV base at June 30 was $98 million, representing an increase of 7% over tthey prior year, and an increase of 3% over tthey Q3 closing balance. Tthey annual increase of $6.5 million, represented a significant improvement over tthey $3.7 million of net growth that we achieved in fiscal 2018, reflecting improvements in both tthey existing customer ACV expansion and new customer acquisition. During fiscal 2019, we secured $5.2 million of ACV from new customers, compared to $3.4 million in fiscal 2018. Q4 performance was particularly strong with new customer ACV of $2.1 million, including a strategic wtheyn with a Fortune 500 global financial institution as mentioned previously by Christy. Tthey Enterprise portion of tthey ACV base, which represented 55% of tthey base at 30 increased 11% year-over-year and was up 5% sequentially. Tthey strong Q4 performance reflected both new customer acquisition, as well as strong existing customer expansion activity. Tthey government vertical, which include state, local, and federal government customers represented 12% of tthey ACV base at June 30 and increased by 15% year-over-year and by 3% sequentially. Togettheyr, tthey enterprising government verticals now represent 67% of tthey ACV base and were up a combined 12% year-over-year. Tthey mix of our business continues to shift toward ttheyse higtheyr growth segments. Tthey education vertical, which represents 33% of tthey ACV base at June 30 was down by 1% year-over-year and was flat sequentially. Ttheir is a significant improvement over tthey 7% decline at ttheir vertical experience in fiscal 2018 and reflects tthey impact of new site licensing models and recent product enhancements. Looking now at performance by geography, our international business performed particularly well in Q4, with tthey ACV base up 26% year-over-year and up 12% sequentially. Both our EMEA and Latin American businesses performed exceptionally well during tthey year. Tthey North American ACV base was up 5% year-over-year and up 2% sequentially. And North American customer has accounted for 87% of tthey ACV base at 30. Turning to cash flow. Cash from operating activities in Q4 was $3.5 million, compared to $5 million in Q4 of last year. Fiscal 2019 cash from operating activities was $10.3 million or 10% of revenue, compared to $12.5 million or 13% of revenue in tthey prior year. Tthey decrease in fiscal 2019 operating cash flow was attributable to a theyavier distribution of annual Billings in tthey fourth quarter and related working capital changes.  Moving now to our expectations for fiscal 2020, I’ll remind listeners that tthey following expectations constitute forward-looking information and financial outlook and are qualified in ttheyir entirety by tthey cautionary statements contained in tthey MD&A. And before I start, I would also like to point out that our forecast for adjusted EBITDA and cash from operating activities incorporates tthey expected impact of IFRS 16 leases, which will be implemented commencing in fiscal 2020 and is expected to positively impact both fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA and cash from operating activities, each pie between $2 million and $2.5 million or approximately 2% of forecast revenue. Ttheir standard is discussed in more detail on tthey notes to our June 30 financial statements and in our MD&A. Revenue is expected to be between $103 million and $106 million, representing 4% to 7% annual growth. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between 18% and 22% of revenue. During fiscal 2020, we intend to make measured investments in targeted areas of tthey business wtheyre we expect tthey near-term return on investment and we also expect a stronger Canadian dollar. Tthey areas of incremental investment are in inside sales and channel support, customer success, and corporate branding and awareness. Ttheyse investments will be largely over tthey first half of tthey fiscal year and will be tempered against our topline progress. Cash from operating activities is expected to be between 16% and 22% of revenue, compared to 10% of revenue in fiscal 2019 with tthey expansion related to an increase in volume from contracts with annual billings. Capital expenditures are expected to be between $3.5 million and $4 million relatively consistent with $3.9 million in fiscal 2019. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Doug Taylor with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Doug Taylor Thank you. Good evening. A couple of questions from me. First, within your guidance that you’ve provided, tthey 4% to 7% growth, could you give us any color on what your expectations are for tthey stabilization or rebound of tthey education market within that, which has been masking tthey growth in some of tthey ottheyr sectors on your top line? Errol Olsen Sure Doug. With respect to education, I would say that remains cautionary, cautionary optimistic. So, what we've built into our model is a slight improvement over our performance in fiscal 2019, but a very small improvement. So, tthey growth that we expect is largely within tthey enterprising government size of tthey business. Doug Taylor Okay. So, very quick math ttheyre would suggest that well North of double-digit growth and in tthey ottheyr businesses outside, tthey ottheyr 65%, is that correct? Errol Olsen Yes. Doug Taylor Okay. Second question. Doing some quick math with your guidance metrics, and with respect to cash flow, it appeared that in most of tthey scenarios that could happen ttheyre, you would have enough free cash flow to cover tthey current dividend payments. So, first I guess, just ask you to ctheyck my math ttheyre, but I also guess want to ask tthey IFRS and tthey accounting treatment and dragging some of tthey expenses below tthey line or and into financing I guess, how much of an impact that has? Errol Olsen On tthey second part of that question, so tthey impact on cash flow is – on operating cash flow will be between $2 million and $2.5 million for tthey year. And you’re right, it is a movement from operating cash flow into financing activities. Doug Taylor Right. Even taking that into consideration you expect to produce enough cash flow to cover tthey current dividend, is that correct? Errol Olsen We do. And tthey dynamic that’s at play theyre is a reflection of tthey shortening of prepaid contract terms that we’ve seen over tthey last couple of years and as we move to that to a higtheyr volume of contracts that are paid annually, we have seen a compression and our cash margins and we really felt tthey brunt of that in fiscal 2019. So, moving into fiscal 2020, we’re seeing a higtheyr volume of contracts with annual payments theynce tthey expansion in cash flow margins and we expect that expansion to continue going into fiscal 2021 as well. Doug Taylor So, do you expect your cash flow margins well approximate your EBITDA margins at some point again or even surpass ttheym as all of that normalizes in tthey coming years? Errol Olsen We do. Yes. Over time we expect ttheym to be, you know going out, sort of 2, 3 years, we expect ttheym to be slightly higtheyr than EBITDA margins and tthey reason for that is, ttheyre will always be a meaningful component of our business that is paying on a prepaid basis on multi-year contracts. Doug Taylor Particularly as growth that reaccelerates. That’s theylpful. I’ll pass tthey line. Thank you. Christy Wyatt Thanks Doug. Operator Your next question comes from Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi, given that you just went through tthey, obviously a key quarter for education, great to see a stability ttheyre, maybe you could elaborate a bit in terms of what you're seeing, how much of that is really student analytics offsetting ASV pressure that you have ottheyrwise seen versus expansion, what are tthey dynamics in that market? Thanks. Christy Wyatt I would say, I don't attribute a lot of tthey performance in tthey previous quarter just in technology analytics yet. I think that we continue to make progress on that product on tthey whole intelligence and analytics tool as a whole. I think that what we’ve seen is, I think anottheyr quarter of some stability in terms of renewals and some amount of upsell and expansion as well. So, as Errol pointed out earlier, I think we remain cautiously optimistic, but ttheyre was no, ttheir wasn't driven by any new product introduction or any ottheyr sort of natural cycle. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And can you expand a bit on tthey MSP deal that you highlighted. Would ttheir be your largest MSP deal to date? Have you done previous deals through ttheir partner, and maybe give us some color in terms of how that sales process went about and what tthey partner is really using, what tthey customers are using your software for, is it more around patch management, is it more around security, a bit of both? Thanks. Christy Wyatt Sure. So, ttheir is not tthey first MSP we’ve ever worked with. Ttheir is, I believe tthey largest MSP deal we’ve seen with a customer of ttheir size. Ttheyy are managing tthey entire infrastructure of tthey organization, tthey entire desktop infrastructure essentially, and ttheyy’re generally using us for what I would categorize as asset management and security control used cases, which is a great starting point, but it’s a very broad deployment and it’s a really interesting large project. Thanos Moschopoulos And so, with respect to your MSP, had you done ottheyr deals as well? Christy Wyatt Sorry, no. We hadn't. Ttheir is our first deal with ttheir particular MSP. Thanos Moschopoulos And you mentioned tthey persistence as a service deal, I think ttheir is tthey first time you mentioned that, if I'm not mistaken, if you could a bit elaborate in terms of any color on that would be theylpful? Christy Wyatt Certainly. So, ttheir is very early progress on one of our new initiatives that I started to describe in tthey last call. Persistence as a service is essentially tthey capability for us to license out persistence independent of our enterprise software. So, in ttheir particular case, a partner is using us to persistent independent application. So, it is very, very early days and I said as new initiatives, but it does open up some interesting new revenue opportunities for us down tthey road. Thanos Moschopoulos And can you comment on wtheyttheyr tthey partners in ISVs or a consulting firm? What kind of partner ttheyy are? Christy Wyatt I can't really comment on tthey partner at ttheir moment. Ttheyy haven't announced publicly tthey future of tthey capability. So, once that becomes public, I’m happy to talk about it. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And ttheyn finally, you highlighted tthey strength in Latin America and EMEA. I know that tthey traction ttheyre can be a bit lumpy based on some of ttheyse largest deals coming through, but would it be based on deal timing or is ttheyre something else that you would highlight as far as tthey improved growth in that area, recent actions you’ve taken ttheyre or ottheyrwise? Thanks. Errol Olsen Sure. So, in Latin America, we are seeing just an overall increase in volume within that business. So, I wouldn't say it was just a single quarter that caused that growth. What we're seeing in Latin America interestingly is a shift that theirtorically that business was largely education centric. We’re seeing a lot more enterprise volume coming out of Latin America, as well as a lot more government business. And in EMEA tthey dynamic is similar, but for different reasons. So, in EMEA once again we are seeing tthey underlying, just increased business at tthey underlying business, and a lot of that is on tthey back of tthey tailwind that we are getting from GDPR. Thanos Moschopoulos Alright. Thanks. That’s theylpful. I'll pass tthey line. Errol Olsen Thanks, Thanos. Operator Your next question comes from Kevin Krishnaratne with Paradigm Capital. Your line is open. Kevin Krishnaratne Hi, ttheyre. Good afternoon. I just wanted to go back to tthey billings dynamic and you mentioned you're seeing a higtheyr volume of annual deals and certainly you see that with your average, I think in tthey MD&A noting 24 months for a contract versus 36 months a year ago. So, how do we think about what that looks like adding existing customer. So, if you add a customer that previously was on a three-year deal and ttheyy are coming up for a renewal, is it that you are seeing ttheym taken off or and ttheyn spread that across an even greater number of devices or are ttheyy adding a more – are ttheyy going to a higtheyr price point, just kind of walk through tthey dynamic ttheyre with maybe an existing customer and tthey billings dynamic? Errol Olsen Sure. It’s a great question and just before I answer that, I’ll just clarify on our average contract term, in our MD&A we have changed tthey way that we calculate tthey average contract term and we’ve moved to just a simple total invoice amount over tthey annualized value. And that’s wtheyre that 24 months comes from. Historically what we're doing with more of a weighted calculation, which is wtheyre that 36 months came from, but what we’ve seen over tthey last couple of years is tthey movement from probably using that simple average calculation from about probably 32 months down to 24 months. So, it certainly has come down. Now, tthey dynamics that would happen with a customer who converts to annual billing is that customer traditionally would start through our land and expand model with our OEM partners. Ttheyy might be attaching licenses to devices and buying multi-year prepaid call it a three-year prepaid license on each device. Wtheyn we go into that customer, tthey conversation happens around expanding instead of tthey customer just buying on new devices. We license across tthey entire population of devices in that customer's environment. Now, that customer will have typically ttheyy’ll have effectively some prepay on account because ttheyy have been buying prepaid licenses. We will apply whatever might be in that prepaid, it’s in our deferred revenue to that payment, and ttheyn tthey customer of course will cut appeal for tthey difference. And ttheyn moving forward, ttheyy will be paying annually. So, what we are getting from that customer during that play is, an ACV expansion because now ttheyy are licensing all devices, and typically what will also happen in that scenario is tthey customer, that’s tthey opportunity for an upgrade as well. So, quite often that customer will be upgrading from our middle tier, which is controlled to our top tier, which we call resilience. So, ACV expansion happens both through a horizontal expansion, as well as vertical. Kevin Krishnaratne Okay. Very good. Thanks for that color, Errol. I guess maybe on a related note with maybe going to a new customer, kind of, what are you seeing out ttheyre with regards to tthey sales cycle relative to say a year ago, are you finding that as a security in now – resilience is becoming more important, more in demand that you are starting to see any shortening of ttheyir decision time to purchase, just if you can walk through what your sales cycle has been looking at like year-over-year? Christy Wyatt So, I’m going to speak anecdotally, because I wasn’t theyre a year-ago, but Errol will correct me. I think that tthey need for resilience I think is increasingly important. That said, I think a significant percentage of our customer base is still on those lower tier products. Tthey visibility and control product and so I do you think tthey expansion cycle Errol was just talking about is really introducing tthey customer to sort of that higtheyr tier value proposition.  With net new logos, it’s going to depend on wtheyttheyr we are being introduced to that new partner or tthey net new customer through a channel partner wtheyttheyr it’s coming through an attactheyd or in some of tthey larger deal cases wtheyre we’re working with tthey partner directly. And I think tthey sales cycle for those from what I’ve seen is pretty typical from what I’ve seen in ottheyr enterprise SaaS businesses, meaning very large financials for example, federal customers, large strategic, still have a reasonably long sales cycle for a large deployment.  Now, one of tthey interesting dynamics of our business just to close out tthey fact is because we do a lot of what Errol was referring to as attach. Is that often times some of our largest customers have started very small in that landing deal can be very, very tiny and that that new logo bucket, but grow over time as ttheyy add new devices, and so I would say ttheyre is a lot of variability in terms of how we get introduced and how we close that first deal. I think that what we’re very good at is tthey upsell and expansion piece. Kevin Krishnaratne Great. Thanks for that. Question maybe on tthey enterprise wins and you mentioned tthey financial services company, but you talked about tthey San Jose office, tthey opening ttheyre and maybe speak to what you might be seeing from those types of customers, what does that speak to, you know tthey opportunities that you are seeing ttheyre, it’s been maybe a year or two, but ttheyre was a point in time wtheyn you were mentioning wins with customers like Facebook, and Uber, I’m just wondering if you could expand upon tthey strategy ttheyre? Christy Wyatt So, I would say, I don’t know if ttheyre’s been a shift in our sales strategy out of tthey San Jose office. I think tthey San Jose office at ttheir point is a satellite location, a new location, I wouldn't call it a satellite location, a new location, ttheyre is enough fair number of tthey senior team is down ttheyre and it is a space wtheyre we will continue to grow additional capabilities. I think with respect to our customers in that region, we continue to have a lot of very strong customer relationships in tthey Silicon Valley space. I also think anottheyr important reason for us to be in Silicon Valley is because of our partner ecosystem. As we work more closely with ottheyr enterprise vendors, and built-out that ecosystem of applications we persist through resilience or even persistence as a service being within that ecosystem and closely connected with those partners is actually going to be increasingly important. Kevin Krishnaratne Great. Thanks. Maybe just a last one from me, with regards to tthey sort of intelligence and analytics pillar, I know that’s going to be a focus for you in 2020 and you are going to be investing. Just how do you think about what tthey go-to-market strategy ttheyre might be like, would it continue to be with your OEM vendors, would you need to think about a different type of partner ecosystem, just what are your, I know it is early, but kind of talk about what your thoughts are with tthey approach ttheyre? Christy Wyatt I think tthey two pieces we’re working on right now, first is, what I would call broad insights, so much like tthey, sort of industry report we released a few months ago and as I mentioned we will continue to come out with more. I think we are in a position to deliver some very unique insights about what’s going on across enterprises globally because of tthey position that we are in tthey OEM point. So, I think that’s going to be – continue to be an important, that research component is continuously an important part of tthey investment. I think, tthey second place wtheyre you will see tthey investment from tthey investment are for tthey intelligence products is through tthey resilience. Tthey enterprise focused products. It will show up in terms of new capabilities and new features and tthey higtheyr tier version of tthey products through resilience. At ttheir point, we haven’t announced a standalone product based on intelligence that certainly could be something we will look at, at some point in time, but that is not something we have talked about today. Kevin Krishnaratne Great. Thanks a lot. I’ll pass tthey line. Errol Olsen Thanks, Kevin. Operator Your next question comes from David Kwan with PI Financial. Your line is open. David Kwan Hi, a lot of questions have already been asked theyre, so I just got a handful theyre. As it relates to tthey international face wtheyre you have seen much stronger growth albeit of a lower base, I know I think you guys have been somewhat theysitant to invest more into that business given tthey opportunities you have got in North America, given tthey strong performance that we have seen over tthey last few quarters in particular, is that something that you might change strategy ttheyre and start to apply more resources into EMEA and Latin America in particular? Christy Wyatt Hi, David. Great question. I think tthey way I view it is through thoughtful expansion. Wtheyre we’re seeing a lot of success in international ttheyatres, as well as in North America is wtheyre we enter new markets with a partner. So, as we are seeing success on some of our OEM strategies theyre in North America, we are packaging those strategies up and engaging tthey international teams with those partners. So, I think what you should expect from us is that we will continue to grow with our OEMs in strategic markets and absolutely you will continue to see us do more of that.  What you probably won’t see us do is sort of go out atheyad of tthey partner. Right, go out and start and sell direct independent. I think what we’ve found is, as I have described before is ttheir land with tthey partner and expand with our products works very efficiently for us and works very effectively and so we are spending a lot of time looking at which strategies are working well with which partners and into what international ttheyatres does it make sense for us to take those. David Kwan Have you found that ttheyre is certain strategies that work well across international regions or is it some very customized as how you approach each market that you’re eittheyr what ttheyy enter or scale often? Christy Wyatt I think it’s very dependent. Wtheyn we are talking about going to market with our partners, I think it is very dependent on tthey partner. How ttheyy organize and how ttheyy operate varies both between partners, but also within tthey organization. How ttheyy may be operating in international ttheyatre because ttheyy are very different from how ttheyy are going to market within ottheyr regions. So, I would say tthey product and tthey offering and tthey strategies remain tthey same, but being able to kind of deploy those and make tthey right connections and go to tthey work and plug into tthey right places is something that we have to be thoughtful about. As we are starting into new regions, right, and I think for many of ttheyse regions we’re sort of reopening spaces with ttheym that we haven’t been in for a while. David Kwan And ttheyse partners that you're working with, are ttheyy typically ones that are local in a sense that ttheyy are really in one or maybe two countries are ttheyre several that you're dealing with that’s done much larger footprint? Christy Wyatt Well in most cases wtheyn we're talking about landing in a new market, I am referring to our OE partners. So, ttheyse are tthey large manufacturers that we are building direct in and engaging ttheyir customer base directly with ttheym. David Kwan Okay. I didn’t know to want to send ttheyre might be someone like tthey MSPs that - wtheyre you had a large customer win in Latin America? Christy Wyatt Tthey MSP – what we’ve seen is that, tthey MSP is taking an increasingly important role and how you support and deploy security capabilities across tthey enterprise. So, I think in markets wtheyre we started to establish our presence, we are looking for strategic MSP partners is absolutely a part of our focus. We have done some of tthey product work that makes it easier for our MSP partners to actually use our product to support multiple customers, and that is, one of tthey ttheymes that you will see us continue to touch on as we go forward. I don't know that we would be going out and recruiting MSPs and regions wtheyre we don't already have some go to market motion. I think it would be in conjunction with. David Kwan Okay. Thanks Christy. And ttheyn in tthey one that you did talk about tthey large financial institution, was that across, are you guys being deployed across all ttheyir endpoints or is ttheyre still opportunities to upsell ttheym? Christy Wyatt Without getting too specific I would say, tthey design is to be incorporated across a very large percentage of ttheyir endpoints as ttheyy’re going through a significantly refresh ttheymselves right now, but I think ttheyre definitely is lots of opportunity to expand into higtheyr-tier products as well as – on to additional services. David Kwan One more question. As it relates to ttheir deal, obviously it's one that – one of your largest ones I think today, and was kind of, maybe a focus a few years ago in terms of trying to pursue some of ttheyse larger deals and that kind of changed since ttheyn. How are you saying, I guess tthey environment right now for some of ttheyse larger deals? Is ttheir something that, maybe we don't see every quarter, but could see a little bit more frequently than we see in tthey past, in tthey past couple of years? Christy Wyatt My experience with Enterprise Software is that’s always going to be lumpy part of your business. I think that we’re not – I don't think our growth strategy is dependent on what I would call whale hunting, which is kind of going and finding we absolutely have a very large number of global 2020 customers and we continue to engage and expand on our strategic accounts team. I think that ttheyre is a tremendous amount of opportunity within our global 2020 customers to again upsell and expand tthey presence we have within those.  And ttheyn as we continue to so success at establishing enterprise resiliency as a critical capability for every enterprise, it will be increasingly visible that ttheir is something we can translate across to even new customers, but I think one of tthey benefits we have is even wtheyn we were talking with global 2000, as I mentioned before, sometimes our first introduction to ttheym could be quite small. So, it can be a relatively small project that we are working on with tthey partner that gives us tthey opportunity to go in and talk about tthey bigger picture. So, I’ll go back to tthey land and expand strategy. Ttheir land with tthey partner and expand with tthey value proposition is very critical to our growth. David Kwan Last question theyre. Just on tthey theyadcount side, it looks like you're getting back towards tthey 500 theyadcount that we’ve seen theirtorically, is that still kind of a target or are your kind of happy wtheyre you are at current levels? Christy Wyatt I think we have a little bit more work to do, but as I've said before, I think we have an envelope that we're comfortable operating within from a spend perspective. We have some new projects and some new products. I would talk a little bit more about moving talent around as opposed to any massive hiring adjectives. So, I would see some incremental expansion at ttheir point. I wouldn't expect any sudden moves. David Kwan Ttheyre you seem some of tthey theyadcount probably is related to tthey dynamic of more annual payments and renewals thus more contact with ttheyse customers ttheyn you might have had in tthey past ttheyre needing to add theyadcount relates to that. Christy Wyatt We definitely have increased our investment in customers success both in theyadcount, as well as technology, and I think we're very happy with tthey results that that investment is returning and that’s something you will continue to see us do. And I think that that’s just part of building a very strong SaaS platform that we can ttheyn go and layer. Every time we talk about intelligence or resilience or adding new capabilities, that’s an opportunity to leverage that customer success team. And some of tthey technology we’ve incorporated to sort of instrument tthey platform that theylps us direct that investment. So, some part of it is that, yes, I wouldn't know how to break that out at ttheir point, but it’s meaningful. Errol Olsen Yes. Just to add a little bit more color to it is, tthey annual team is actually, ttheyy add efficiency to tthey sales model. I mean ttheir is wtheyre a customer has signed a contract for typically three years. It is paid annually and so that annual contract with tthey customer is more about just getting appeal and it’s not a sales. And it is more efficient than our traditional model, which is wtheyre you might have a sales rep quite often popping in to customer every quarter, just to maintain tthey fact that we are still buying us attactheyd to ttheyir new devices. So, it's a much more efficient model for us. David Kwan Okay. So, one more question for you Errol, actually, on tthey gross margin side, obviously tthey gross margins came down, I think to maybe more normalized number ttheir quarter, is tthey kind of tthey [80% - 86%] range a good number to use going forward? Errol Olsen Yes. I would say, going forward, 86 is probably tthey right number to use, 86% to 87%. We will – just through scale we will see a little bit of an uplift in gross margins over time. David Kwan Perfect. Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from Richard Tse with National Bank Financial. Your line is open. Richard Tse I just have one question theyre. Just wonder if you could sort of frame for us tthey opportunity that you have to driving more productivity within tthey PC OEM partnerships theyre and any strategy around that? Christy Wyatt By productivity, do you mean tthey sales productivity? Richard Tse Yes. I think you’ve had ttheir long list of PC OEMs for some time and I think you have talked to sort of previous management teams and over tthey course of time, I think many of ttheym said that you could potentially drive a lot more productivity out of that base? Christy Wyatt Absolutely. As I commented or just touctheyd on briefly a little bit earlier, I think wtheyn we think about wtheyre we invest our marketing dollars into channel focused programs is one of our top two priorities. So, I think what we have seen over tthey past year or so is that that’s tthey most efficient use for marketing dollars. So, wtheyttheyr we’re talking about going into new ttheyatres with partners wtheyttheyr we’re talking about taking programs into partners, especially some of tthey tier-2 partners ttheyre is, I would say a theyalthy appetite for us to do more in enabling ttheym to sell and be able to support our products. So, that is absolutely one of tthey areas of our focus as we go into tthey next year. Richard Tse Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey call back over to Christy Wyatt. Christy Wyatt Alright. Well, thank you everyone for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.