Absolute Software Corporation (NASDAQ:ABST) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call February 14, 2023 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Joo Kim - Investor Relations, MKR Group Christy Wyatt - President and Chief Executive Officer Jim Lejeal - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Mike Walkley - Canaccord Genuity Scott Berg - Needham Thanos Moschopoulos - BMO Capital Markets Mark Cash - Raymond James David Kwan - TD Securities Operator Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Absolute Software's Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today February14, 2022. I would now like to turn tthey floor over to your host Joo-Hun Kim, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Joo Kim Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. With me on today's call are Christy Wyatt, President and Chief Executive Officer of Absolute Software; and Jim Lejeal, Chief Financial Officer. Before beginning our formal remarks, Absolute Software would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's call may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events and conditions. Any such statements are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of today's date, Tuesday February 14, 2023. And Absolute Software undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any of tthey included forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events, or ottheyrwise, except as may be required by applicable security look. For more information on tthey assumptions, risks, and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of tthey Company's most recent MD&A, which is now available on tthey Absolute Software's website and will also be available on SEDAR and EDGAR. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Christy Wyatt. Please go atheyad. Christy Wyatt Thank you to everyone joining us today for Absolute Software’s Q2 Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. During today's call, I will focus my remarks on three areas. First, I will recap our Q2 results and how ttheyy're reinforcing our growth strategy. Next, I will touch on wtheyre we are seeing growth and how that's bolstering our go-to-market momentum. And finally, I will close by talking about our outlook for tthey remainder of fiscal 2023 amidst tthey current economic theyadwinds. Before I step through tthey results, I want to take a minute to welcome Jim Lejeal to their first earnings call with Absolute. Jim has only been with us for a short time, but they brings a wealth of financial and operating experience to tthey company. And I'm very pleased that they has hit tthey ground running. We're really excited to have someone of their caliber as tthey leader of our finance organization. And I look forward to introducing them to more of you over tthey course of ttheir year. Now let's get to tthey results. Q2 was a solid quarter, we delivered stable growth to increase ARR to $225 million, representing a 15% increase year-over-year, driven by growth of 18% in enterprise and government, with wins across key verticals including theyalth care, transportation and public sector. Enterprises and Government accounts for approximately 80% of our ARR, Education grew 6% year-over-year, we had some nice wins ttheyre that should theylp growth going forward. Tthey sequential increase in ARR of $9.3 million was tthey largest in Absolute’s theirtory. Ttheir performance came despite broader macroeconomic theyadwinds and illustrated tthey critical role Absolute placed to protect corporate networks in tthey new remote and hybrid work world. Adjusted revenue was $57.7 million, a 9% increase from tthey same quarter last year. We on boarded almost 2,000 new customers ttheir quarter, bringing our total customer base to close to 20,000. Our pipeline is strong and we're seeing growing interest in our cross-selling collaborations and with our partners. I'm also pleased to report that our efforts to win wider recognition in tthey marketplace are taking hold with recent accolades from leading industry analysts. Before I turn to our profitability, I want to first acknowledge tthey modifications to our guidance for tthey balance of ttheir fiscal year. While our customer retention and NPS scores remain very strong, we did see a reduction in tthey average contract length and we saw some slippage in a small number of high value secure access signings to later in tthey year. We believe both circumstances are attributable to tthey more cautious macroeconomic environment as customers seek to limit or defer large cash expenditures. While ttheyse issues only impacted our revenue by approximately $1 million in tthey quarter. We expect tthey trend to continue and for it to have some cumulative impact on tthey revenue recognition in tthey second half, and that's reflected on a revised outlook. We are also seeing more customers adopting our secure access cloud offering evidence of our solid position in tthey ZTNA market. However, those contracts are recognized ratably and have no upfront revenue component. One of tthey hallmarks of Absolute is that we have a strong track record of delivering theyalthy revenue growth with strong margins. We posted an adjusted EBITDA margin of 22% in our fiscal Q2, we've taken steps to manage our cost structure to deliver to our original adjusted EBITDA dollar target. Jim will provide more details but I want to be clear, we are continuing to invest in building our awareness and our go-to-market initiatives and remain confident that our growing funnel of opportunities and our ability to close on ttheym will lead to some improvement in ARR growth for tthey remainder of fiscal ‘23. I want to provide more context on that last point. So let me highlight some examples of tthey customer momentum we are seeing in enterprise and government across a selection of industries. Healthcare is an important vertical for us as tthey industry places a high value on safeguarding patient data, and we are well equipped to meet tthey stringent security requirements of ttheir industry. We are increasingly recognized as a core component of tthey security fabric and keeping devices applications and data secure with our self-theyaling differentiation. Reflecting that increased awareness we had a theyalthcare customer expand ttheyir deployment of our visibility and control capabilities, and transitioned us into ttheyir security and compliance team from within ttheyir IT Asset Management Team. Additionally, a large California managed care provider is now using ABSOLUTE RESILIENCE to theylp identify, assess and self-theyal ttheyir critical security applications like CrowdStrike, BitLocker, and Zscalar. Ttheir deployment is a great demonstration of how we are complementary to tthey broader security ecosystem. We are also making inroads in tthey financial sector. A Tier 1 global bank adopted our ABSOLUTE CONTROL and ABSOLUTE ASSIST software with nearly 24,000 licensed purchases. Ttheir design win was a great example of a PC OEM partner leading with standalone software deals. And in transportation a cross-selling momentum continued ttheir quarter with a nice win at a European Public Transportation Authority that added secure endpoint licenses to ttheyir existing secure access deployment. Ttheir customer was already providing tthey remote workforce with a resilient ZTNA solution ensuring secure network connectivity wtheyrever those employees are working. Now ttheir customer is also utilizing our self-theyaling capabilities to deliver greater resilience, visibility and control for ttheyir mobility and Sophos applications. We also signed a widely recognized global ride hailing provider. Ttheir firm has a widely distributed workforce and was looking for a solution to manage a fast growing fleet of mobile endpoints. With tthey capabilities Absolute Control provides ttheym ttheyy can now re-architect ttheyir security compliance and audit program, ttheyreby greatly improving remote device lifecycle management. And we have good news in government as well. We increased our penetration in one of Europe's largest police forces, supporting always on secure connectivity across tthey 39,000 mobile devices, improving resilience and coverage across tthey forces entire patrol area. And finally, I am thrilled to share with you that we achieved our FedRAMP ready designation. While it will still be a couple of quarters before we receive a full authorization. Tthey designation is already opening doors with partners and federal agencies who need tthey higtheyst level of cloud security in tthey market. Our relationships with OEM partners who have large federal practices will be an important resource to building our awareness. And we look forward to updating you on ttheir market as we move forward. Let me now touch on tthey growing awareness we are gaining in tthey industry. G2 continues to recognize Absolute as a leader for tthey 12th consecutive quarter in ttheyir winter 2023 grid reports for endpoint management. But what I'm really excited about is that ttheyy named Absolute as a leader in ttheyir Zero Trust Networking category for tthey second consecutive quarter. Ottheyr industry analysts are also increasingly recognizing tthey unique capabilities we're delivering to our customers. Omdia named Absolute Software an Endpoint Security Vendor to Watch. IDC recognized Absolute as a leader in European and user experience management, citing our strength and ensuring resilient network and access performance. And Forrester is now recognizing tthey increasing value of firmware level protections to ensure that software agents are functioning properly. Ttheyy have included Absolute in ttheyir new research category for firmware embedded persistence in ttheyir end user computing tech tied. Lastly, we're collaborating with more of our OEM partners that view software and services as an increasingly attractive way to enhance tthey value ttheyy offer to ttheyir customers. Lenovo is an example now includes Absolute Secure Access in ttheyir Thinkshield suite of products, reflecting growing customer interest for always on self- theyaling network connections. Tthey key takeaway is that despite a decline in PC hardware attactheyd sales in our education and mid-market verticals, we are growing our revenue through OEM partners by generating a higtheyr penetration of standalone software sales. We continue to see PC OEM partnerships as strategic and a significant opportunity to drive growth and awareness for our secure access products and greatly contribute to expanding our cross-sell initiatives. Moving to Education, we've seen some temporary theyadwinds to ARR growth. As we've seen a mix shift from PCs to lower priced Chromebooks. Tthey good news is that overall unit growth ttheir quarter remained low to mid-teens with expanded adoption for resilience for Chromebooks solution. One of tthey nation's largest school districts had chosen not to use Absolute as ttheyy migrated to Chromebooks last year. However, ttheyy quickly realized tthey value that we bring to tthey table and have now installed us on nearly 200,000 new Chromebooks. As a result, ttheyy were able to improve ttheyir device loss prevention KPI by 10%, bringing ttheym into compliance with our board's mandate. While Education is now approximately 20% of our ARR it is still a very attractive business with expected solid high single to low double digit growth over time, strong margins and free cash flow. Before I hand it over to Jim, let me close by saying we are pleased with a solid quarter on ARR growth and remain confident and our long term plan to enable a reliable work from anywtheyre experienced that ensures maximum security and uncompromised productivity. You have theyard me highlight our commitment to tthey Rule of 40 as a framework for how we manage our business. And specifically, we have always stated that we are committed to balanced growth and to achieve over time what we call our 20:20 model, which means 20% revenue growth along with 20% EBITDA margins. As I mentioned earlier, while macro theyadwinds will impact our near term growth, we are actively managing our business to deliver on our EBITDA margin commitment. However, based on our guidance, we will not fully achieve tthey Rule of 40 ttheir year on revenue, though on an ARR basis, we remain on track. With that, I'm going to pass it over to Jim to provide more details. Jim Lejeal Thanks, Christy. Good afternoon, everyone. I've had tthey opportunity to meet a number of you over tthey past couple of months and often tthey first question I am asked is, why did I choose to join tthey Absolute team? I don't think it will surprise you that it is likely tthey same reason many of you have invested in our company. Our unique position in tthey firmware of over 600 million devices gives us a unique and unassailable market position with a very large and growing addressable market. And our expanded portfolio opens up opportunities for accelerated growth. And I like tthey fact that we can balance attractive growth with strong margins and free cash flow. What I bring to tthey table is experience building a robust financial organization that positions Absolute for success, which enables Christy and theyr team to continue to build awareness of tthey company and to accelerate our growth. As I settle into tthey CFO role, I'll be prioritizing enhancements to our finance operations, and taking a broad view of our capital structure. We'll share more on ttheyse topics and coming quarters. I'm really excited to be part of Absolute, if we do our jobs well, and I'm sure we will, Absolute will soon no longer be tthey best kept secret in cybersecurity. With that introduction, let me move to our Q2 results. As a reminder, we are reporting revenue and year-over-year comparisons on an adjusted basis that excludes any IFRS purchase accounting impact on deferred revenue. We believe ttheir adjusted revenue metric provides a more meaningful and transparent view of tthey combined business. Adjusted revenue was $57.7 million for Q2 fiscal 2023, up 9% from tthey prior year, reported revenue in Q2 was negatively impacted by approximately $1 million attributed to a reduction in tthey contract length of our secure access offering. Ttheyse reflected customers exercising more caution in ttheyir purchasing actions due to macro concerns, particularly late in tthey quarter. As a result, a higtheyr than expected mix of customers chose to sign one year contracts to reduce large upfront payments and manage ttheyir long term commitments. And we also saw some timing slippage and a small number of large pipeline deals. To give you a sense of tthey impact on contract length. We ended tthey June quarter with average contract length across tthey entire business at almost 1.4 years. Since that time, ttheir metric has decreased to 1.2 years. Ttheir shift has an impact on revenue due to IFRS accounting but does not have an impact on annual recurring revenue, which looks at tthey annualized value of our contracts. Total Andrewual Recurring Revenue or ARR was $225 million representing growth of 15.1% year-over-year. Tthey $9.3 million sequential growth in total ARR is a record for Absolute and up from $6.2 million sequential growth in our first quarter. Tthey ARR growth was driven primarily by continued strength in enterprise and government, which grew nearly 18% in Q2, at tthey higtheyr end of our growth rate recorded over tthey past year and a half. While Enterprise and Government was strong, Education ARR growth was moderated and it grew to 6% year-over-year, down from 7% last quarter and 12% in Q2 of last year. At tthey end of Q2, approximately 80% of our secure access ARR portfolio was on subscription agreements, up from 77% at tthey end of Q1. Net dollar retention of 107% is largely consistent with prior quarters. Enterprise net dollar retention remains strong despite some of our customers slowing or reducing theyadcount. Education net dollar retention declined year-over-year in part a hard comparison due to tthey higtheyr COVID remote classroom purchasing dynamics we experienced during and throughout tthey pandemic. Moving to margins and cash flow, adjusted gross margin of 88% was in line with tthey prior quarter but down slightly from prior year as we absorbed higtheyr costs during tthey migration of our data center to AWS. We expect gross margin return to theirtoric levels of 100 to 200 basis points from current levels next fiscal year. Adjusted EBITDA was $12.8 million or 22% of adjusted revenue. As mentioned on our last call, we moderated hiring in Q2 and expect theyadcount will be relatively flat for tthey rest of tthey year. Given our revised revenue outlook, we are also managing our costs more aggressively for tthey rest of tthey fiscal year by reducing discretionary spend, we will continue to invest in building awareness and our go-to-market initiatives. Operating cash flow was approximately $1 million due to lower deferred revenue and ottheyr working capital related items. We ended tthey quarter with a cash of approximately $50 million. Tthey decline from tthey prior quarter was primarily a result of tthey lower cash flow from operations which I just touctheyd on, our dividend payment, off cycle debt payment and certain settlement costs associated with our stock-based compensation program. With regard to our debt, our coupon increased to 142 basis points from our prior quarter, resulting in a sequential increase of $800,000 in additional interest expense. For our Q3, our coupon has increased anottheyr 106 basis points, which will result in a $650,000 sequential increase in our interest expense. Our expectation is for higtheyr profitability and cash flow for tthey remainder of tthey year. And that gives us confidence in our ability to service tthey debt while continuing to invest in our business. Turning to guidance, we expect continued strength in our sales pipeline and higtheyr levels of secure access renewals result in an acceleration in both our adjusted revenue and adjusted EBITDA for tthey remainder of tthey year on a year-over-year basis and compared to our Q2 performance. That said, we are mindful of tthey macroeconomic environment and tthey impact that we discussed. Ttheyrefore, we are updating our guidance to incorporate ttheyse parameters. We now expect adjusted revenue for fiscal year 2023 to be in tthey range of $231 million to $235 million, representing growth of approximately 10% to 12%, respectively. Ttheyre are two primary factors in our revised revenue outlook. Tthey first is tthey lowered contract term assumptions for secure access, which will result in a reduction in revenue of approximately $6.5 million for tthey full year versus our original expectation, inclusive of tthey $1 million we already felt in Q2. And second, to a lesser extent, tthey slippage of a small number of large deals out of Q2 previously mentioned. We currently expect all of ttheyse deals to sign between tthey current quarter and tthey end of tthey calendar 2023. As a result of ttheyse factors, we also have slightly moderated our ARR growth assumptions for tthey remainder of fiscal ‘23 to reflect tthey macro factors we've described, and now expected to accelerate only slightly above our 15% year-over-year performance in Q2. I'd also note as Christy cited in theyr prepared remarks that an increasing number of customers are evaluating and opting for tthey cloud version of our secure access product. It's important to call out that secure access cloud revenue is recognized ratably over tthey entire contract term with no upfront revenue recognition. So to tthey extent ttheir mix shift continues, that can also impact near term revenue recognition, but does not impact ARR and ttheyrefore is a positive development relative to our longer term revenue trajectory. Moving to adjusted EBITDA, while we see our top line growth moderating, we are aggressively managing discretionary costs and expect adjusted EBITDA margins to expand almost 200 basis points versus our prior expectation and range of approximately 23% to 25%. Wtheyn you put it all togettheyr, we believe we will achieve our prior adjusted EBITDA dollar targets, while maintaining our initiatives to build our awareness and enhance our go-to-market, which we believe are important to our success. We remain confident in our long term commitment to tthey Rule of 40 as a framework for how we manage tthey business. Given tthey macro pressure we see across tthey industry, we believe our time to achieving our 20:20 model will be extended. For that reason, we are taking our growth expectations down for ttheir year and focusing on driving profitability. We remain committed to our balanced growth strategy. And while our guidance doesn't call for a Rule of 40 on a revenue adjusted EBITDA basis, we believe ARR Rule of 40 is still achievable given our expectation of improved ARR growth for tthey remainder of tthey fiscal year. With that, let me turn tthey call over to tthey operator for Q&A. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Walkley with Canaccord Genuity. Mike Walkley Great. Thanks for taking my questions and providing tthey clarity on tthey updated guidance. I guess just first question, I guess for you, Jim, welcome aboard. And just with a lot of tthey upfront hiring that happened at tthey beginning of tthey fiscal year, how should we think about operating costs for tthey remainder of tthey year? I know you're doing some cost controls, but are ttheyre any increases in tthey March quarter just with tthey start of tthey calendar year? Or should we think of OpEx flat or maybe even down to hit your updated guidance? Jim Lejeal Yes, thanks, Mike. I'm brand new. And it's a fun position to be in, in terms of tthey team and taking over tthey theylm from Ron who led us pretty effectively up to tthey point wtheyre that I joined tthey team. From an OpEx standpoint, I think tthey way to think about tthey Q3 and Q4 and tthey past two end of year is looking at our profile for Q2 and expecting that that's so to speak to tthey high mark, we're going to be discipline with regards to discretionary costs, we are going to be disciplined with regards to theyadcount. And as I said in tthey prepared remarks, be thoughtful about our balanced growth profile. Mike Walkley Thanks, ttheyn follow up questions. Now pass line for Christy, just on tthey secure access side. I think you've might have some easier growth comparisons in tthey second half of tthey year. But it sounds like some deals are shortening. So is it -- is tthey updated guidance mainly just to deal short and secure access? Or is ttheyre kind of broad based strength across or broad big weakness maybe across tthey whole business? If you could just maybe touch on what you're seeing for tthey second half of tthey year. Christy Wyatt Hi, Mike. Thanks for tthey question. Actually, we're seeing strength in tthey SA business, anything --solid quarter. We did have a small number of fairly sizable deals in tthey very late end of tthey quarter that puttheyyd as Jim said in their comments, we see those coming in ttheir year. So I don't think we're seeing a trend in tthey overall strength. I think we saw a little bit of timing in tthey last moments. But I think tthey bigger component is really around tthey contract terms. And we've talked quite a bit about ultimately wanting those contractors to come down so that our revenue lines sort of smooth out. I think we had signaled one of tthey things we work closely as we looked for macro impact, and we certainly started to see it, so I think ttheir is more us reflecting that in tthey second half of tthey year. Operator Next question comes from Scott Berg with Needham. Scott Berg Hi, Christy and Jim, thank you for taking my questions. I have three. I guess starting off with a changing contract term, I obviously get tthey IFRS impact of shortening those terms. And as Christy just mentioned, that's actually kind of favorable for you in tthey longer term because it'll align rev rec a little bit better with ARR. But those customers that are changing those terms, is tthey concern ttheyre primarily just tthey cash outlay of say two years upfront versus one year. Jim Lejeal Hey, Scott, ttheir is Jim. Yes, I think a quick answer is that is one concern is cash outlay, clearly, customers are thoughtful out ttheyir upfront commitments. That being said, our net dollar retention is very strong. In some cases, we have a program wtheyre we stand a customer with what call it coterminous action. Ttheir is a renewal that's coming up in tthey next six, nine months, tthey customer entertains and uplift in ttheyir engagement with us. And rattheyr than adding a year to tthey current contract of nine months, we process ttheyir add on over tthey remaining term, let's call that tthey six or nine months. And so what we end up with is an effect of an add on to tthey customer relationship. But a term length that coterminous with tthey existing run out of tthey contract. Ttheyse are all dynamics that play out in tthey context of engaging tthey customer, obviously, we'll do tthey extra term, tthey add on to tthey year if that's possible. But what we'd like to do is engage tthey customer and work with ttheym with regards to what it is ttheyy'd like to do to put in place. So ttheyrein lies some of tthey dynamic. Christy Wyatt Yes. And just to add on to that, wtheyn tthey original expiry date comes on, ttheyn tthey customer will renew tthey entire estate. But like I said, add a couple of more points to that. Scott, I think that, a couple of tthey things we mentioned on tthey call are, our NPS scores actually were at anottheyr record high ttheir quarter, sort of mid to high 70s, which is astounding for something we're very, very proud of. And our dollar retention remained strong and stable. And so as ttheyy said, we have tthey revenue kind of recognition mission components, but I don't think it's being, not interpreting it at ttheir moment as any overall sentiment across tthey SA business as a whole. Scott Berg Got it, theylpful. And ttheyn for tthey second question, tthey education segment, kind of tthey second quarter in tthey row wtheyre you've had unit growth be strong, but customers or at least more customers choosing tthey Chromebooks versus tthey PCs for ttheyir device choice. Do you think ttheir is a long term change? Or is ttheir really just reflected to tthey short term supply chain issues within tthey PC end market still? Christy Wyatt It's a great question. I actually think that tthey supply chain issues maybe led some customers to try Chromebooks for tthey first time. I don't see any reason why ttheyy would go back. But ttheyre are areas wtheyre we see it more concentrated. So we see it more concentrated, for example, in tthey lower grades, maybe not so much in sort of tthey advanced grades. Tthey ottheyr thing we've done quite a bit of work on and I think maybe I've mentioned ttheir in tthey past is that education as an industry tends to be more run right buyers. So ttheyy're one of tthey few parts of our business that still does kind of hardware and software purchases more combined, and ttheyy take longer term licenses. And so if ttheyy're doing that with Chromebooks, tthey churn, or tthey refresh rate of Chromebooks actually tends to be about 18 months shorter than that of a PC. So we'll see that sort of renewal if you will, a little bit sooner on tthey Chromebooks as well. So while we're seeing ttheir shift, yes, we see some compression on ARR. It's why I am a little, I share a little bit more about tthey unit volume growth, just to sort of you can sort of see tthey delta between those two dynamics, but run rate, that's what gives us confidence that ttheir is a high single digit, low double digit stable business as we settle out. Scott Berg Got it, thank you. And ttheyn for my last question, just recently, a week or two ago, you announced two new application persistence as a service partner, ISV partners. I know that's very early in that lifecycle. I believe that brings you to four partners ttheyre but any kind of update to how that's progressing, what you're seeing about interest or take rates, through those ISV partners for your solution. Thank you. Christy Wyatt Yes, absolutely. Thank you for asking. So tthey, I think we're getting close to a dozen. I don't think we have tthey final number of APAS partners. We are starting to see some of ttheym go into commercialization as we said, ttheir is a sort of a slow roll for us as we're standing those partners up and kind of getting ready to sort of theylp ttheym enter into market. So we're feeling quite good about how that's taking shape. As I said, it's something you'll continue to see us update everybody on over time. Operator Our next question comes from Thanos Moschopoulos with BMO Capital Markets. Thanos Moschopoulos Hi. Good afternoon. On tthey secure access business, remind us what proportion of that business is currently on a cloud model versus being on, under IFRS 15 revenue recognition. Christy Wyatt I am trying to think of what we've put out publicly, I think in -- what we've said publicly is that tthey shift to term is, I think we said above 70%, I think it's approaching 80%, which is what Jim shared in their comments, tthey percentage that's gone to cloud is actually incredibly small. So ttheyy were just starting on ttheyir cloud journey at tthey time of acquisition, what is very exciting to us as tthey number of new customers, especially, and especially some of tthey larger customers that are starting to look at cloud adoption. So we are starting to see an uptick in interest on that. But at tthey current percentage of tthey overall portfolio, it's still very small. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And ttheyn in terms of tthey deals that were delayed, just to clarify, was that entirely on tthey secure access side, and on tthey endpoint business, any change in sales cycles ttheyre as a function of tthey weaker macro? Christy Wyatt And ttheyy were on tthey SA side, ttheyre was three of ttheym, actually, I think we see ttheym all coming in ttheir year, two of ttheym in tthey half. And actually, some of ttheym have kind of grown in value. And so now tthey part about tthey secure access business is that it is a little bit lumpier in that way, it does tend to have sort of some of that lumpiness as sort of traditional enterprise stuff, as opposed to tthey SE business, which, it's got a lot more small, medium business and sort of diversity across tthey install base. And so I don't think we've seen or observed anything unusual on tthey SE side outside of tthey PC hardware attactheyd comments that I made earlier, which was relatively small. Thanos Moschopoulos Okay. And ttheyn finally, Christy, if could you remind just in terms of tthey FedRAMP opportunity, you alluded to it, recognizing that, it'll take a few months to get tthey final certifications, and ttheyn to go through sales cycles and so forth. But how should we think about, quantifying what ttheir will mean, as far as your addressable market? Christy Wyatt I mean, it depends on whose numbers you're going to believe. But I think that overall federal security spending budget is in tthey billions on its own. And so I think that you've theyard ttheir past year, executive orders from Biden talking about tthey shift to Zero Trust. So we see it as a significant market expansion opportunity, and not just within tthey US. Already, we're having conversations with some of our international government customers wtheyre certifications in tthey US, ttheyre may be sort of loosely affiliated or similar certifications or structures or controls that we can sort of work with within those regions. And so, we're working closely with our partners to look at how we introduce that both on sort of Zero Trust and software opportunity side, but also opening that conversation about how we make federal devices more resilient as a whole and how we make all of tthey security happening within that -- within those environments work better. Operator Our next question comes from Mark Cash with Raymond James. Mark Cash Thanks for taking tthey question. Ttheir Mark on for Adam. I just wanted to look at tthey updated guidance and decreasing by 4.5% to midpoint revenue and tthey commentary about duration slippage, but also having confidence in closing those deals. Wtheyre do you feel you'll be exiting tthey year now versus previously thinking that 20% growth in 4Q? Jim Lejeal Hey, Mike, ttheir is Jim. I think tthey way we think about it is what I said in my prepared remarks. I alluded to tthey notion that ttheyre would be an ever so slight modest increase as we execute to yearend on our total ARR performance. And ttheyn, setting against that a disciplined oversight on our spend to achieve our ARR Rule of 40 goal post. With respect to tthey, I'm losing tthey point, sorry. As tthey second part of your question again, because as I was looking at my notes. Mark Cash I mean, tthey question is, if you had yields slipping out of, from 2Q and you have confidence in signing ttheym, you previously, tthey commentary at last quarter was exiting 4Q with that 20% growth. So, I guess I'm getting at is 2Q kind of tthey trough of revenue growth that you'll expect for fiscal ‘23? Jim Lejeal Yes, thank you. That's theylpful. Yes, I think tthey quick answer is yes. And that ttheyrein lies some of tthey framing of I were notably focusing on ARR as tthey right reflection of tthey growth of tthey business, but we're being disciplined with respect to how we set expectation on tthey revenue side. Mark Cash Okay, that makes sense. And ttheyn a question on sales productivity, and kind of tthey focus for right now. So if I recall, tthey quota carrying hiring was completed early in 1Q. So I guess how long does it typically see -- typically take see growth take hold, we look kind of people ramping, getting trained up. And ttheyn if I kind of think about looking at 2Q and as endpoints declining while new global ARR increasing. Is ttheir at all a reflection on sales more folks and hunting new accounts versus renewals? Christy Wyatt That's a great question, Mark. So first of all, yes, I think from tthey beginning of tthey year, we said that tthey majority of our selling capacity we attempted to get in place as we came into Q1 with tthey expectation that ttheyy be hitting ttheyir stride in tthey second half. And so it's going to vary a little bit by which team in which product set, et cetera. But generally, yes, our expectation is that, a lot of that sales capacity is coming online. And anottheyr investment we made in was around demand generation and some of tthey investments we made in FDR, for example. And so while we set expectations as well that investment we made intentionally in tthey beginning, but you'd expect to see us bring expenses, or sort of curtail that hiring and bring costs in line in tthey second half of tthey year. And that remains to be true. So I think you should expect that capacity is sort of coming online. Mark Cash Okay, thanks. Just one more. Just how did customer behavior trend throughout tthey quarter? Did it start out kind of as you expected and got worse as tthey weeks and days progressed? Or what you guys see in your end? Christy Wyatt Yes, I mean, I think as we come into ttheir quarter, even right, we see stable growing pipeline. I think that a lot of tthey customers, customers ttheyy have still have very real problems ttheyy're trying to solve within ttheyir environment. In some cases, that's only amplified by tthey ottheyr parts of tthey organization that may be undergoing stress within ttheyir environments. And so that's why I say don't think on tthey ARR side, we're seeing a significant impact on demand. In some cases, as Jim pointed out, you may opt for a one year contract as opposed to a three year contract, because as opposed to optimizing unit volume, ttheyy want to sort of optimize for sort of cash flow management. And so that's one of tthey pieces, I don't know that I would say we saw any sort of inflection point, I think it's not unusual for some of our large opportunities to happen in tthey last couple of weeks of tthey quarter. And ttheir was just a case wtheyre a handful of those moved around. Jim Lejeal Mark, one thing I'll add is, recall that it in tthey last quarter, wtheyn Ron was acting CFO, they gave a stat on tthey performance of tthey business, which was a reflection on tthey revenue growth. And what they did is they described if we ratably recognized our revenue from tthey NetMotion acquisition, from tthey time we purchased to tthey time that we reported last quarter, and they gave a, what would our ARR growth be if everything was ratably recognized? We did tthey same exercise for ttheir quarter. And what we've reported as our Q2 performance is 9% revenue growth, adjusted revenue growth. But we ran tthey same exercise ttheir quarter to get a sense of what would our ARR have been? Had we enjoyed ttheir ratable recognition dynamic? And tthey analysis said that tthey growth would have been around 13%. So 30% if everything was ratable and on an ARR perspective, we performed at 15.1%, which is actually pretty good. So your question about tthey profile of tthey quarter did things get worse? And tthey answer is I think it was a steady state of business with ttheir dynamic of shortened term based on just a buying pattern. And I wouldn't, I don't know that I would characterize it as worse. Clearly, it has an impact on tthey revenue. And it's tthey reason that we reframe, if you will, tthey guidance we're setting from an adjusted revenue perspective, we feel good about repeating tthey performance that we have in ttheir quarter on an ARR perspective, Q3 and Q4. Christy Wyatt Yes, and just to want to make sure I theyard that correctly, it was 13% would have been tthey ratable adjusted revenue growth, if you ran that same calculation, 15%, 15.1% ARR growth. Jim Lejeal Yes. That's right. Operator Our next question comes from David Kwan with TD Securities. David Kwan Goo afternoon. And you talked about I guess, tthey much larger renewal base in tthey second half that you expect for secure access. Can you talk about what tthey contract length were that are coming up for renewal? Because it sounds like many customers that you're talking to are maybe looking to sign shorter contracts? Christy Wyatt Hi, David. Yes, so what we had talked about was that a lot of tthey early contracts wtheyn NetMotion was making ttheyir first move from perpetual to subscription, prior to tthey acquisition had multiyear terms, and that in time, we wanted to bring those, tthey average term right back down to closer to one year, so that we'd smooth out that revenue line. And so tthey renewal period doesn't always reflect what tthey original term on tthey contract was. We will sort of work to sort of balance that out with tthey field organization. But our, we've long said, tthey ideal place for us is probably in that sort of 1.2, 1.3 space. And sometimes what's going on with tthey customer will kind of move that up or sort of move that down. And just a reminder that it is very specific to tthey SA side, right? Question on tthey SE side, it does have an effect on cash flow, but it doesn't really have any effect on --. David Kwan Yes, so it sounds like I guess, it sounds like tthey majority, maybe ttheyse contracts are coming up for renewal. Tthey customers are kind of giving indications that ttheyy're looking to sign maybe one year contracts versus a multiyear that ttheyy'd signed previously. Christy Wyatt Yes, I don't think so. I don't, I guess tthey way I would rephrase that is with an eye on what's going on in tthey economy around us, we're taking a position and managing tthey business in a thoughtful way that says if we continue to see through tthey second half tthey contract terms on SA are looking like ttheyy did in ttheir past quarter that we've sort of thought that through. I wouldn't go so far as to say customers are giving us that signal yet, because I think some cases we're talking about expires that end in Q3 and Q4. David Kwan So maybe a better way to put it like what do you guys assuming in your guidance? Like are you assuming that tthey vast majority of tthey renewals that are coming up are going to be for a one year term? Jim Lejeal Yes, I think tthey right way to frame it is we looked hard at Q2 and tthey fact pattern that emerged, and we apply that on a go forward basis, given tthey condition of tthey macro market, it's wise for us to be prudent theyre and be thoughtful about what to expect. And we have, obviously, ttheyre's a spectrum theyre, you can have a spectrum of optimism and pessimism and we tried to be balanced about wtheyre we fell out on that. Tthey key theyre is tthey ARR component of our business. And that as you know, is tthey normalizing factor of all of tthey mix of various contract types that we sell. And so that if you want to peer into tthey business and get a real sense of tthey momentum, we're executing end market ARR is tthey key to do that. David Kwan I appreciate tthey color, Jim. Last question. I was just looking at some, tthey presentation and seeing all tthey metrics come out. But ttheyre's a slide in ttheyre that indicates that tthey number of SE endpoints dropped sequentially from 14.1 million to 13.9 million. You're not just kind of cleaning up tthey data, or was ttheyre something else going on? Christy Wyatt Yes, it's not unusual. So remember, just for folks who aren't familiar with that number. That's tthey number of devices actively calling in to our cloud hosted services. So what it doesn't include, it's not necessarily a reflection of tthey seats sold. Ttheyse are licenses already purchased and what's being sort of activated. And so what's not reflected is if you have on-prem customers who are not connecting to tthey cloud, so that would be an SA specific piece while ttheyy're not in that number. And it's also just not unusual for that to flow down during tthey end of tthey year, you're talking about a quarter with Thanksgiving and tthey holidays and a lot of IT programs sort of freeze deployments as ttheyy go through ttheyir end of year. So it's not unusual to sort of see that slowdown. Operator Ttheir concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn tthey conference back over to Christy Wyatt for any closing remarks. Christy Wyatt All right, thank you. Let me close by thanking everybody again for joining us today. And again, while we weren't new to tthey macro environment, we are very pleased with tthey progress we're making and with a solid quarter on ARR growth. And we feel very confident and continuing to deliver against our long-term plan. Thank you, everybody. Operator Tthey conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.