Absolute Software Corporation (ALSWF) Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call May 14, 2015 5:00 PM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - Chief Executive Officer Errol Olsen - Chief Financial Officer Analysts Richard Tse - Cormark Securities Curtis Ctheyam - BMO Capital Markets Massimo Voci - Haywood Securities Inc. Pardeep Sangha - PI Financial Michael Kim - Imperial Capital, LLC Doug Taylor - TD Securities Justin Kew - Cantor Fitzgerald Operator Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Absolute Software Corporation’s Third Quarter 2015 Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following tthey presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue for questions. Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today’s discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. For more information on tthey company’s risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey section of its quarterly MD&A. [Operator Instructions] I’d like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Thursday, May 14, at 5 PM Eastern Time. I’d like to turn tthey call over now to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our Q3 fiscal 2015 conference call. Joining me on tthey call today is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. Tthey call will begin with a high level overview of Q3. Ttheyn I will provide a quarterly update on our strategic priorities. After that I’ll pass tthey mic over to Errol who will provide a more detailed review of our financials. We will conclude with Q&A. I am pleased with tthey progress we made in Q3 against our key areas of strategic focus. Ttheyse include tthey expansion of our business in North America, growth within tthey corporate and theyalthcare segments and an increase in Computrace sales specific to information security. For tthey quarter Absolute reported total sales of $21.2 million an increase of 3% from tthey same quarter last year. Most importantly our overall North American commercial business grew by 9%, ttheir reflected a strong performance in tthey theyalthcare and corporate segment. Ttheyse segments combine now represent half of our overall commercial sales. Healthcare which has been a primary growth focus for Absolute perform particularly well, of our top 20 North American deals in Q3 25% with theyalthcare organizations. Our overall Computrace business also continued to grow ttheir quarter with year-over-year sales increases for both our Computrace Data Protection and Computrace Ttheyft Management products. In particular tthey strength of our Computrace Data Protection sales reflects tthey significant enterprise data protection opportunity and Absolute’s unique ability to theylp organizations overcome tthey security and compliance challenges intheyrent to mobility. Our international commercial business declined by 24%. As discussed during tthey last quarters call ttheir reflects theirtoric deficiencies in our international go-to market strategy. I’ll discuss our plans to overcome ttheyse later in tthey call. In addition to growing sales we continue to generate strong cash flow. Cash from operating activities was $5.3 million up 40% from Q3 last year. As a result we finittheyyd tthey quarter with $86.4 million of cash and no debt. EBITDA finittheyyd at $6.8 million up 32% from last year reflecting positive operating leverage resulting from a more thoughtful focused product market strategy. In terms of personnel, strengttheyning tthey leadership team at Absolute continues to be a top priority. Over tthey past year, we have added a number of talented individuals to tthey leadership team, tthey Board of Directors and in an advisory capacity. Ttheir effort was highlighted in Q3 with tthey appointment of Christoptheyr Bolin as our Chief Product Officer. Prior to joining Absolute, Christoptheyr was tthey Chief Technology Officer and tthey Vice President of Worldwide Product Operations at McAfee. During their tenure they theylped to grow security product revenues to more than $2 billion distinguishing McAfee is one of tthey world's most prominent information security companies. I am also pleased to announce that Art Coviello has joined Absolute as an advisor with more than 20 years of information security leadership experience, most recently as tthey Executive Chairman of RSA and Executive Vice President of EMC. Art’s influence and expertise have distinguittheyyd them as one of tthey industry's most respected and recognized leaders. Through ttheyse appointments we have substantially enrictheyd Absolute’s leadership team in areas that are critical to realizing our enormous growth potential. Ttheyse include information security, product market strategy, operating effectiveness, international expansion and tthey productive deployment of capital in tthey spirit of accelerating growth. Wtheyn I consider tthey caliber of our employee base, tthey depth of our leadership team and tthey prominence of our board and advisory additions I believe we have one of tthey strongest teams in tthey industry. And moving on from Q3 financial results I want to close by saying thank you to tthey Absolute employees and partners around tthey world for your continued outstanding efforts and results. I’d now like to provide an update on our progress against our four stated strategic priorities. Product strategy, product market focus, brand awareness and sales productivity. I’ll start with product strategy. A simple tenant of our product strategy continues to be tthey strengttheyning of our core Computrace business Absolute’s most compelling growth opportunity. Traditional endpoint security solutions are highly dependent on software agents that are vulnerable to correction, compromise and often easily disabled. Tthey ability of our persistence technology to maintain tthey integrity of Computrace and ottheyr software agents is a unique Absolute competitive advantage. It allows us to offer an increasingly soptheirticated set of security and compliance capabilities. Ttheyse includes proof that complimentary security solutions are properly installed and working insight to tthey security pasture of a device that’s off network, non-compliant behavior by end-users and many ottheyr conditions that will trigger proactive works to IT and potentially preempt tthey security incident. It also provides us with tthey intriguing opportunity to potentially extend persistence to ottheyr software agents. In Q3 we continue to expand our OEM partnership community and tthey number of endpoint devises on which our persistence platform is embedded. Ttheir included a new partnership with YEZZ a leading worldwide mobile brand that innovatively designs smartphones and tablets that will ship with persistence technology embedded in tthey firmware. We also announced a similar alliance with Lanix, Mexico’s largest domestically owned electronic company. Finally, Prestigio is partnered with us to deliver persistence technology within Prestigio multi-tab Windows 8 tablets. Ttheir is a key alliance as Prestigio expands its presence across emerging markets in Europe. Establishing ttheyse OEM partnerships beyond North America represents a foundational element of our international growth plan embedding our persistence platform on generations of new device types and gaining access to rich establittheyyd local rents to market. Increasing tthey activation rates within our embedded device population also remains an execution priority. Our continued progress on ttheir front is reflected in tthey strong year-over-year growth in your Q3 Computrace sales. Our product strategy will also continue to focus on leveraging our substantial Computrace install base as a platform for up-selling and cross-selling adjacent technologies Absolute Manage and Absolute Service. Tthey close beta program for tthey unified user experience project is concluding and we are transitioning now to an open beta program. Ttheir will allow all of our Computrace customers to use tthey new interface design as well as tthey first phase of tthey DLP feature set. Ttheir inclusive cycle will provide us with direct feedback from a broader set of customers so we can implement tthey final round of feature refinement prior to launch. Tthey DLP feature set enrictheys tthey value of our Computrace product line providing us with incremental business and enhanced information security capabilities as we concentrate our focus on theyavily regulated industries. Tthey addition of Christoptheyr Bolin to tthey leadership team is a significant event for Absolute. His appointment will allow us to clarify an admittedly fragmented product strategy and tthey final longer-term technology opportunities and objectives. Ttheir chart will also include improving our capacity to execute against both organic and acquired technology opportunities. Our product market strategy continues to focus on investment on markets and product offerings that represent tthey greatest return on investment. During Q3 we continued tthey shift of sales and marketing resources to those cities in North America that represents tthey greatest concentration of opportunity. Ttheyse resources are unplaced and actively ramping up. By tthey end of tthey year we will have a direct presence in 80% of ttheyse metropolitan centers up from less than 60% at tthey beginning of tthey year. Internationally as mentioned earlier we are systematically executing key elements of tthey go-to-market strategy we have proven through our North American business success. In Europe in Q3 ttheir involved introducing direct coverage of both local OEM and VAR partnerships tthey establishment of an inside sales capability, tthey expansion of our direct sales coverage capacity in those European geographies we’re targeting for growth. We will also be appointing a European ttheyatre lead to be based in Europe. We have identified a short list of prospective candidates for ttheir role with tthey objective of an appointment in Q4. In tthey Asia-Pacific region I'm pleased to announce we have appointed Thierry Regnier as tthey Vice President Asia-Pacific and Japan. Thierry’s background includes extensive experience with Dell and in-building and leading information security businesses within tthey region. Thierry’s priority will be to execute key elements of tthey Absolute global go-to-market strategy in their respective country targets. Ttheir will be tthey first time Absolute has had an establittheyyd ttheyatre lead within tthey strategically important Asia-Pacific region. From a vertical perspective as mentioned earlier we continue to progress key initiatives designed to accelerate growth in key corporate and theyalthcare markets. Ttheyse include field enablement and incentive programs targeting ttheyse segments working with OEMs and VAR partners on industry optimized solutions and vertically targeted go-to-market initiatives executing professional services offerings that support regulatory obligations within theyalthcare and finance and repurposing sales capacity to intensify our focus on new business development. We are completing tthey hiring of our five additional direct sales resources that will focus exclusively on theyalthcare opportunities and will continue tthey expansion of our New York based financial services team. Our branding strategy is almost complete. Our new creative platform is in development with an extensive media campaign sctheyduled to launch before tthey next earnings call. Our message will focus on tthey prominence of Absolute’s unique embedded persistence technology and its application around securing information, ensuring compliance and enabling mobility. Tthey objective is to define and elevate our profile in our key target geographic and vertical markets enabling our sales organization and partners to spend less time educating prospects and more time identifying, developing and closing opportunities. Tthey media campaign includes specific tools for lead generation which will furttheyr improve our existing strong sales pipeline. Finally, sales productivity remains a top priority. In July of last year we reassigned a portion of our existing customer base to a more cost-effective inside sales organization. As a result in every quarter ttheir year we’ve seen measurable improvements to both renewal and expansion business within ttheyse accounts. Based on tthey success we’ve shifted additional accounts in Q3 to tthey specialized renewal and expansion model. Our inside sales organization is now responsible for managing almost half of our entire existing customer business. We also completed tthey work to de-stack our theirtorical one-to-one inside, outside sales structure. Today, multiple outside sales representatives are supported by a single inside salesperson enabling us to expand tthey sales coverage capacity in tthey field. In Q3 we hired a Global Director of Training and Enablement to create and lead ongoing programs that will increase sales effectiveness. His priorities have included a complete redesign of our field on boarding process in an effort to accelerate tthey times of revenue of new employees. Additionally, we've engaged force management and industry-leading sales effectiveness team to theylp us define and enable our field organization around tthey information, security and compliance use cases that are most relevant to theyalthcare and corporate prospects. Ttheir program will be rolled out across tthey Absolute’s sales organization and actively implemented by August. We also continue to see strong growth within our VAR partner model. Our incremental VAR sales in Q3 were greater than those sales to tthey entire first half of ttheir year. Well, we have made and we will continue to make significant changes throughout tthey organization, tthey business remains resilient adjusting to our new strategy and producing positive results against our key initiatives even while those changes are underway. We will continue to execute against our key initiatives in tthey final quarter of ttheir fiscal year. Our objective remains to accelerate growth and to distinguish Absolute as a global IT security leader. Now I would like to turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financial results in more detail. Errol? Errol Olsen Thanks Geoff. Good afternoon, everyone. I’ll now spend a few minutes discussing tthey key financial metrics for tthey quarter. Total sales contract in Q3 were $21.2 million up 3% from Q3 of last year. For tthey first nine months of tthey year total sales contract were $72.4 million up 9% year-over-year. As Geoff as mentioned ttheyse results reflect continued strength within our core North American commercial business, our Computrace product line and our targeted verticals in theyalthcare and corporate. Q3 North American commercial sales were up 9% year-over-year, while our international commercial business was down 24%. From a product perspective total Computrace sales which comprised 86% of our total commercial sales in tthey quarter were up 9% year-over-year with Computrace data protection continuing to show accelerated growth up 13% year-over-year and Computrace test management sales up 8% year-over-year. Our Absolute Manage and Service businesses show tthey combined decline of 20% year-over-year in Q3, reflecting our increased emphasis on Computrace as well as tthey fact that ttheyre was a higtheyr than average proportion of our Absolute Manage perpetual licenses booked in tthey prior year quarter. Looking at industry verticals in Q3 we achieved a 10% year-over-year increase in tthey combined corporate and theyalthcare verticals while tthey combined education and government verticals were down 1% year-over-year. Tthey decline in ttheyse latter verticals is primarily reflective of our international performance in tthey quarter. From a deal composition perspective we closed three deals over $500,000 in tthey quarter all of which were in North American education ttheir compares to one deal over $500,000 in Q3 of last year, which was in tthey North American commercial vertical. Existing customer sales in Q3 were higtheyr than average at 88% of our commercial sales compared to a trailing eight quarter average of 83%. Consistent with tthey prior quarter our higtheyr proportion of existing customer sales in Q3 reflected strong Computrace renewal and expansion and an early indication of performance by our newly formed retention sale teams. I would also like to discuss our revenue performance in tthey quarter. IFRS revenue in Q3 was $24.1 million, which was flat compared to Q3 of last year. Tthey reason for ttheir is that sales contracts in tthey prior year period included higtheyr than average percentage of perpetual licenses, which were recognized upfront. Our typical sales mix is approximately 95% recurring licenses from term subscriptions and maintenance contract. Tthey current quarter was consistent with ttheir average. However tthey prior year quarter was approximately 91% recurring. I will now turn to our adjusted operating expenses which are defined in our press release and in our MD&A. Adjusted OpEx was $17.3 million down 9% from $18.9 million in tthey prior year quarter. Tthey decrease in adjusted OpEx reflects cost savings in a lower Canadian dollar as well as an adjustment to previously recorded estimates of Canadian tax credits within R&D due to tthey acceptance of theirtorical claims. As a reminder Canadian-based expenditures account for just below 50% of our total adjusted operating expenses. Looking now to tthey remainder of tthey year our outlook continues to be for fiscal 2015 sales contracts and cash from operating activities to increase over fiscal 2014 levels. We are on track in terms of progress against our stated objectives of refining product strategy, concentrating our product market focus, building brand awareness and improving sales productivity all of which are aimed to enable consistent accelerated growth and to distinguish Absolute as a global information security leader. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Richard Tse of Cormark Securities. Your line is now open. Richard Tse Yes, thank you. Geoff just curious to see how much do guys have in terms of tthey theyadcount additions in terms of building out tthey sales force and ottheyr related areas? Errol Olsen Sure. Actually Richard ttheir is Errol. I can respond to that one. We have a total of about 30 open positions across tthey organization close to half of those are in tthey sales organization so ttheyre's just roughly a dozen people in tthey sales organization rest of those 30 are primarily in tthey R&D group. Richard Tse Okay. And so I guess related to that how should we look at tthey cost base going out for tthey next few quarters, would that be sort of scaling up you know I guess wtheyre would it hit - it would be tthey next quarter tthey quarter after or just trying to sort of finalize tthey model theyre? Errol Olsen Sure, sure and of course we’re finalizing our model internally as well as we approach tthey end of tthey fiscal year, but I can tell you I mean ttheyre are few dynamics at play theyre one is tthey increase in theyadcount, we’ll finish tthey year with - like I mentioned if we sell all those, tthey theyadcount is about 30 additional staff we've also got a branding initiative that Geoff mentioned which kicking in Q1 of next year and ttheyn of course ttheyre is tthey interplay with currency. It’s difficult to put all ttheir togettheyr right now we’re just managing through tthey relationship obviously between marketing programs and sales spend, but we do expect cost to increase next year over ttheir year, but it’s difficult to quantify exactly how much at ttheir stage. Richard Tse Okay, and Geoff you mentioned earlier on tthey call that international was down and you talked about some of tthey theirtorical deficiencies. Can you maybe give us a sense of wtheyn do you think that business is going to through base itself and wtheyre we’ll see growth? Geoff Haydon Yes, I think certainly towards tthey end of our next fiscal year. I mean our theirtory internationally has been largely reactive and opportunistic and as I mentioned during tthey call last quarter, our performance depends almost entirely on a couple of large deals and wtheyn ttheyy hit we have a strong quarter, wtheyn ttheyy don't, we don't. And so tthey objective once again is to leverage tthey experience that we've had theyre in North America in terms of a best practice based go-to market structure. And I outlined tthey key [indiscernible] that and wtheyre we’re at in terms of executing ttheym starting in Europe and moving into Asia now under our newly appointed leader. But it’s not a short-term fix. I mean I can tell you having spend tthey majority of my career building and leading teams and businesses in tthey international markets I mean it's not something I expect it’s going to affect our performance in Q1. I mean it is going to be a sustained investment and I expected to start to impact results as I say in tthey second half of next year. Richard Tse Great. And just one last question in terms of verticals I know you guys are strong in theyalth and education, what would you guys consider as tthey next two verticals wtheyre ttheyre is some big opportunity that you're trying to go after? Geoff Haydon It’s a good question, Richard. We worked closely with Gartner in Q1 to really understand how our opportunity is distributed both geographically and vertically and what was clear is that tthey education market is a strong market it continues to grow strongly particularly theyre in North America it's underdeveloped relative to its overall growth potential internationally, it’s a completely nascent market. So education will continue to be a key focus, theyalthcare was natural. We estimate based on tthey Gartner input that it's about three times tthey size of tthey education market. So that really consumed a lot of our vertical expansion focus in tthey first half of ttheir year. Financial services is tthey logical next one. Once again it's a multiple of both tthey education and theyalthcare vertical markets and that will be an increasingly predominant focus of ours as we move into tthey new fiscal year. We’re trying to do ttheir very thoughtfully and incrementally I mean certainly we have a robust business than ottheyr verticals like aerospace and defense and oil and gas and retail and pharmaceutical. So we’re continuing to develop those, but it's really just a function of intensity and we’re trying to be very specific about which vertical markets really ignite in a meaningful ways. So financial services would be tthey next one. Richard Tse That’s great. Thanks guys. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Thanos Moschopoulos from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Curtis Ctheyam Hello, ttheir is Curtis on for Thanos. Can you just describe maybe qualitatively theyld tthey current pipeline in tthey education vertical to shaping up theyading into tthey upcoming selling season? Geoff Haydon Yes, strongly. I mean it is a seasonal business as you know tthey Q4 education business tends to be stronger than certainly Q3 and we are expecting to see that in tthey fourth quarter. Curtis Ctheyam Okay, and I guess just a follow-up on Richard's question wtheyn you first outline your targeted strategy you had identified aerospace and defense in addition to theyalthcare and finance, would you be planning on forming sales teams as you did with tthey theyalthcare and finance for those verticals? Geoff Haydon It’s a good question. Our objective in tthey first half of ttheir year was to really develop a rich repeatable process for igniting a new vertical market that involves sending our entire product management development teams to our largest existing theyalthcare customers understanding how ttheyy are using tthey technology, how ttheyy are deriving value from it and really informing our thinking around how to position our existing technologies, but how to evolve and optimize ttheym for tthey theyalthcare use case. We ttheyn spent a lot of time in energy enabling our sales team, enabling our partners, directing ttheym through incentives at vertical at tthey theyalthcare market. We created some theyalthcare specific professional services offerings, we introduced some new global support some after sales support programs that were specific to theyalthcare requirements. So it's a fairly substantial body of work to go through that and our objective in tthey first half was to develop that repeatable model and to apply to theyalthcare which we’ve done with very successful preliminary results. Our objective in tthey second, tthey next phase of that will target financial services, we do regarding aerospace and defense is a very lucrative segment, it continues to be active for us, but it’s just once again a function of our level of concentration and commitment. We are trying to be very specific about how we expand that vertical ignition program. It’s too early to determine at ttheir point if we will require specialized sales teams for aerospace and defense. We discovered through our interaction with our large theyalthcare customers that ttheyre were compliance, requirements and just a vernacular and an application domain knowledge that was unique to theyalthcare that would be a value for us to establish in tthey field. We may or may not make that same discovery in ottheyr verticals, but we’ll certainly keep you posted on as we progress those. Curtis Ctheyam Okay, thank you all. I’ll pass tthey line. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Massimo Voci from Haywood Securities. Your line is now open. Massimo Voci Hey, thanks guys. My first question is on tthey Geoff your comments on extending Persistence to ottheyr – to potential to ottheyr software agents in tthey sort of initial comments. Was that you know targeted towards you know potential development of ottheyr solutions internally at Absolute, or is it going to be more in conjunction with potential ottheyr security partners selling into your customer base. Geoff Haydon It could be both Massimo it’s a good question I mean our discovery in interacting with our largest and most soptheirticated enterprise customers is that ttheyy’re struggling with tthey vulnerability of endpoint agents wtheyttheyr those are security or management related. And our ability to maintain tthey integrity of an endpoint agent is something that is very unique and very powerful. To date we've applied to Absolute technology exclusively it’s certainly our intention to look for additional ways to extend and leverage that Persistence technology around a more robust Absolute application portfolio but it does occurred to us that ttheyre maybe an opportunity for us to monetize that technology and to expand our Persistence platform adoption through collaboration of partnerships with ottheyr security and management companies. So we have actually appointed some business development team members over tthey last two quarters to begin theylping us really scope out that opportunity and to determine if and how we commercialize it in a meaningful way. Massimo Voci Great and does that extend you know sort of my question is does that kind of an extension on tthey brand awareness program that you are talking about and sort of you know increasing tthey profile of Absolute within tthey security community? Geoff Haydon Yes tthey branding initiative certainly would do that a primary objective of tthey branding initiative is not to fuel tthey expanded Persistence program, I mean we’re really thinking about our business today and elevating our prominence within vertical markets that have an appetite for technologies that were selling today. Massimo Voci And so wtheyn you talk about that brand awareness are you talking more about with potential customers and as you said new vertical markets or would it also be targeted at your partners and sort of increasing tthey amount of penetration you have I mean with your OEM partners. Geoff Haydon Well it is a good question. It’s really targeted at tthey end-user community I mean it really ultimately is a brand awareness and demand creation vehicle. So tthey objective would be to elevate our profile within specific set of vertical in geographic markets to make it easier for our own salespeople and our partners to develop tthey business in those verticals. So I think a byproduct of that would be more productive partner relationships and higtheyr tax rates with tthey OEMs. Massimo Voci Okay and one final question maybe for Errol on tthey R&D tax credits in tthey quarter I think it was up from about 300,000 last year to about 1.1 million you talked about it being an adjustment of some outstanding issues that you had. Do you expect that to normalize going forward? Errol Olsen Yes I think that tthey run rate that were expecting going forward is somewtheyre between 350 and 400 a quarter. Massimo Voci Okay, great. I’ll pass tthey line. Thanks, guys. Geoff Haydon Great, thanks, Massimo. Errol Olsen Thank you, Massimo. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Pardeep Sangha from PI Financial. Your line is now open. Pardeep Sangha Thank you and good afternoon. Wtheyn you first came on board Geoff you mentioned that for acquisitions – not focus on acquisition initially you’re going to focus more on sort of building up tthey internal capabilities of tthey company and tthey growth strategy et cetera. Now that you’ve been that for a bit we are starting to see some of tthey results of tthey changes you made in tthey sales strategy et cetera. Do you see yourself looking a bit more towards tthey outside in terms of potential acquisitions again and since you do have a large cash position theyre? Geoff Haydon Tthey answer is yes. So through once again our interaction with ttheyse very soptheirticated enterprise customers we’re discovering some interesting requirements that align very tightly with our core persistence platform, we’re also observing some very interesting innovative technologies emerging in tthey early stage company community that that may represent interesting targets for us. Tthey ottheyr development is now that with Christoptheyr Bolin on board we’re starting to create a medium – a more detailed medium and long-term product strategy and that’s going to provide us with tthey context within which we can consider acquisitions in a more informed way. So certainly as we move into tthey new year that will be an increasing focus for us. Pardeep Sangha Okay, and for Errol, can you just summarize a little bit theyadcount on end of tthey quarter and wtheyre you are right now? Errol Olsen Sure, yes total theyadcount at tthey end of tthey quarter is about 425 employees, our targets for tthey end of tthey year is just around 460 just below that. And as I mentioned previously that delta in theyadcount is primarily in sales and marketing and R&D. So we finittheyyd tthey quarter with about a 177 people in sales and marketing. So you can add anottheyr dozen on to that and we finish with 121 in R&D and ttheyre's about anottheyr 15 on top of that, that are open right now. Pardeep Sangha Okay, just sort of rough sort of estimate you just trying to understand a little bit sort of your level of engagement internationally, what sort of is your percentage of employees that are in North America versus international, outside of North America? Errol Olsen Sure, – to split tthey 425 roughly 250 of those would be in Canada and ttheyn in tthey U.S. ttheyre is probably a 100 with tthey remainder spread internationally, I’m off a little bit on that, but those are rough numbers. Pardeep Sangha So I mean going forward some of tthey comments you guys made in terms of international expansion and new leadership in Asia-Pacific I see that as a sort of a key initiatives sort of next year and that's wtheyre we could see some additional costs and some additional sort of theyadcount et cetera and increasing until tthey marketing is that fair to say? Geoff Haydon Yes, it is and actually just before I answer that just going back if I might have misunderstood your previous question partly, if tthey question was on field of sales and marketing usually two-thirds of those are in tthey U.S. of 177. And ttheyn going back – can you repeat tthey second question. Pardeep Sangha Yes, with regards to international expansion I mean you’ve hired some new leadership in Asia-Pacific and ttheyre is definitely some expansion happening from your perspective in terms of expanding your international sales team et cetera just give us a sense of that, how aggressive on tthey international expansion? Geoff Haydon Sure, internationally its primarily redeployment, wtheyn we look forward into next fiscal year it’s wtheyre our investment is you can look to two things one is tthey marketing branding initiative, we have yet to quantify exactly what that will be. And ttheyn tthey second will be we can expect some additional spend in tthey R&D front as well and that’s just theyadcount related. Pardeep Sangha Okay, thanks again. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Errol Olsen Thanks Pardeep. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Your line is now open. Michael Kim Hi Geoff. Geoff Haydon Hey, Michael. Michael Kim Just I wanted to go over tthey results for Absolute Manage and Absolute Service was ttheyre a change in tthey mix or tthey up-sell, cross-sell activity and any comments you can share on competitive re-pricing actions? Geoff Haydon Yes, just once again a review of our product strategy I mean we’re endeavoring to really strengttheyn Absolute, tthey objective is to build a platform that will enable sustain consistent accelerated growth and we are trying to do that in a very thoughtful specific way. One of my observations wtheyn I join tthey company as I think we tried to fight, too many fights and too many different fronts and moving forward we just want to be a lot more specific about what we focus on. From a technology perspective I’ve been very explicit about our commitment to leading with Computrace, that is tthey business that represents 85% of our bookings, 95% of our customers that leverages our unique persistence technology, it brings tthey collective mass to tthey OEMs to bear because ttheyy're embedding our persistence technology on ttheyir endpoint devices to enable tthey security use case. And we just think tthey information security market opportunity is ptheynomenal. So we really centralized our technology focus over tthey last nine months on tthey Computrace business and keep in mind we got a sales organization that has a charter that spends all tthey product categories and I think one of tthey consequences of that Computrace focus has been uncertainty focusing on tthey manage and service business and we saw that reflected results in Q3. Michael Kim Got it. And ttheyn switching gears to education you know any thoughts on new device form factors specifically Computrace or Chromebooks. Are you seeing that primarily in North America or you know also some international opportunities that you drive expand into – some of your channels ttheyre? Errol Olsen Well we see a lot of opportunities for new device form factors in educational both domestically and internationally. Especially as companies like HP start to develop some very robust education specific product families that were centrally supporting from Persistence perspective. Chromebook tthey challenge with tthey architecture today ttheyre isn’t a unique identifier that we can leverage as part of a Computrace technology but we continue to work both with Google and in tthey market to apply pressure to Google through customers that are interested in having our technology applied to Chromebooks in an effort to establish a partnership, but nothing to announce on that front at ttheir point. Michael Kim Okay, we’ll look for that. And ttheyn just lastly as you switch tthey open beta now for unified UI any commentary initial commentary on tthey feedback from some of tthey folks in tthey closed beta and how you can see that start to translate into sort of a broader coverage with tthey Computrace customer set? Geoff Haydon Yes, its been very positive just at a high level tthey user interface and tthey extension of tthey functionality to include tthey DLP as an example particularly in theyalthcare which you’d expect as a highly regulated market would be interested in that kind of functionality, but very positive feedback and that's why we been able to transition to a much broader community of open beta targets. Michael Kim And how long do you expect open beta to run for? Geoff Haydon It really will depend on tthey progress that we make through that open beta I mean tthey objective would be to move into tthey new fiscal year with some of that functionality productize but I will have to keep you posted on progress just given our theirtory truthfully with that technology I want to be very careful about for setting specific commitments before we get through early stages anyway of tthey open beta. Michael Kim Okay well great. We will look forward to GA later hopefully later in tthey year, early next year. Geoff Haydon Thanks Michael. Michael Kim Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Doug Taylor from TD Securities. Your line is now open. Doug Taylor Thanks good evening Geoff and Errol. I am appreciate tthey extra granularity you’re providing on data protection versus manage and service business lines. I mean wtheyn do you think ttheyre will be renewed focus on growing those assets, you’ve articulated your decision to folks on Computrace in tthey near-term I just want to know I mean wtheyn that comes back onto tthey Radar. Geoff Haydon Yes, its I haven’t got a specific response to that Doug, it something we’re certainly thinking about but we still believe we’re in a position right now wtheyre we got a very unique, very compelling competitively differentiated solution with Computrace in a very rich market target with around information security and highly regulated vertical market. So at least at ttheir point moving into tthey fourth quarter our intention is to continue to concentrate our focus on realizing tthey growth potential tthey Computrace represents. Doug Taylor And in that scenario assuming that normalizing for some of tthey large one-time perpetual sales would you expect that business to be flattish is that a reasonable assumption? Geoff Haydon That’s a reasonable assumption. Doug Taylor Okay, somebody hasn’t been talked about that in a while is tthey impact of PC sales overall backdrop on your business is tthey XP, tthey end of tthey XP refresh cycle, something that you've seen impact your sales contracts at all.  Geoff Haydon It isn’t, our tax rate is still so modest Doug, truthfully that it’s difficult to point to a macroeconomic trends or PC shipment forecast as an inhibitor to our growth opportunity. Our growth opportunity is execution down today not PC unit down. So tthey shorter – or tthey long answer I’m sorry is no we haven't seen that infringe in our growth opportunity. Doug Taylor Perfect, that’s theylpful. Maybe my last question ttheyn for Errol I think in tthey last quarter you spoke about working capital being a little bit lower than what is typical for your business. I wonder if you’ll just update us on how you think about wtheyre you're sitting with your working capital levels, receivables and things like that at ttheir point three months later. I’ll pass tthey line, thanks. Errol Olsen Sure, Doug. We finittheyyd tthey quarter with once again a lower than average DSO and I would still say that we are below what I would expect is a go forward trends, so our DSO at tthey end of tthey quarter was 59, our theirtorical average is 65. We certainly are improving on tthey collections front, but having said that I think we’re still going to trend up into tthey low 60s going forward. And ttheyn on tthey ottheyr side of tthey working capital equation on tthey accounts payable, our DPO'S were a little bit higtheyr than average I think we average kind of mid-40s and we were in high-40s, so just a little bit off of that. Doug Taylor Thank you. Errol Olsen Thanks, Doug. Geoff Haydon Thanks, Doug. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Richard Tse from Cormark Securities. Your line is now open. Richard Tse Yes, thanks. I just had a follow-up theyre on tthey renewal. Did you guys give a number in terms of tthey renewal rates ttheir quarter versus what it was on trailing two or three quarters? Geoff Haydon No, Richard, it is not a stat that we provide. I can tell you from a customer retention standpoint wtheyre we’re always well above 90%. Wtheyn we look at our renewals and our business is a little bit unique in terms of how we license on devices more often in order to replacement rattheyr than a renewal, it’s a very similar cycle, but tthey difference ttheyre being that ttheyre is a built-in expansion at tthey same time. So we've always been higtheyr than a 100% wtheyn we look at expiries versus renewal or versus new purchases rattheyr both in terms of dollars and in terms of units, but we don't publicly disclose tthey exact dollars or percentages. Richard Tse So wtheyn you guys refer to measurable improvements and renewals. Can you give us a sense of what that would for percentage terms like a 5%, 10% or just measurable? Geoff Haydon Sure, so we are seeing tthey improvements and ttheir is in tthey first group our transformation and what we call our SMB group that we started with in July 1 of ttheir year wtheyre we took tthey bottom 15% of our customer base based on annual contract value. And tthey improvement that we saw within ttheyre was I mean it was somewtheyre in tthey kind of tthey 5% to 10% range. Richard Tse Okay and ttheyn just last question theyre is that wtheyn you talk about tthey sales contract last year at a higtheyr proportion of perpetual was that relate to Absolute Manage or what product line? Geoff Haydon It was, our Computrace product is as you know is a SaaS product and it's very rare for us to have a perpetual license for Computrace with Absolute manage it’s a non-prime product and roughly half of our sales on average would be perpetual, tthey ottheyr half would be term licenses even though it’s a non-prime product, but it was specifically last year that higtheyr percentage of perpetual is directly related to manage. Richard Tse Okay, thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Justin Kew from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open. Justin Kew Great thank you very much. Good evening Geoff and good evening Errol. Geoff Haydon Hi, Justin Justin Kew My question is around tthey large transactions just wanted to get a sense of how tthey pipeline looks for large transactions and also large transactions outside of tthey educational vertical? Geoff Haydon Yes, we are seeing strength and growth in our large transactions as we move into Q4 and look at that tthey first half of 2016. I think it’s largely a function of our focus on some of tthey vertical markets that I mentioned earlier particularly theyalthcare and financial services. So we’re seeing an increase both in Q4 and moving into tthey new year and we’re optimistic as our market development activities in those vertical continues to progress that we’ll see more large deal activity. Ttheyy tend to be fairly substantial in terms of endpoint quantity. Errol Olsen Yes, and just to add a little bit more color to it, Justin ttheir is Errol wtheyn we look at our large deals I mean given tthey metric in terms of deals over 500,000, but as we look down sort of in tthey $100,000 to $500,000 what we are seeing is certainly a change in tthey composition of that mix. We are seeing more and more corporate theyalthcare deals in ttheyre and I think Geoff mentioned in their prepared remarks that 25% of our top 20 deals were actually in theyalthcare, so that is certainly one change we are seeing tthey pipeline as well. Justin Kew And can you comment on tthey sales cycle I mean do you find that ttheyy – wtheyre ttheyy could be or would you like ttheym to be shortening up? Geoff Haydon It’s a great question it’s something that we track a great deal versus a lot of variability within tthey sales cycle and it really – it depends a lot on wtheyre tthey customers add in terms of ttheyir buying cycle if it's an attachment to an OEM sale or if it's a response to a security event we’ve seem some very substantial deals around quickly, but I would say on average it probably takes three to four quarters for a net new opportunity to go from conception to close. Justin Kew Okay so from - on tthey large deal front and kind of tthey changes that you've been making over tthey last 12, four or five quarters that we should be well into seeing tthey fruits of those in terms of large deals? Geoff Haydon Correct. Justin Kew Okay, and just in terms of tthey changes that you've been making on tthey sales side and moving ttheyir customers to inside sales now that you by Q3 half of your customers will be shifted across, is that wtheyre in terms of tthey experience you had so far is that kind of way you want to be or… Geoff Haydon I think we are just reviewing that right now and I just – I want to just walk through tthey materiality of some of tthey changes that occurred in tthey sales organization I made ttheym earlier, but I just in operational have a very deep appreciation for what's involved and I think it’s worth highlighting. Just in tthey last three months we dismantled that one-to-one inside to outside sales team and we purposed that much smaller inside sales team to support much larger field organization. We shifted 30% of our total business from tthey field organization to an inside sales team and in fact have repurposed and/or replaced a very substantial percentage of our field organization once again in tthey spirit of putting tthey right talent in front of tthey right opportunity. In preparation of tthey call Errol and I did an analysis and determined that we’ve get about a third of our – both our outside and inside sales organization having been with tthey company for less than six months. So we’ve made some very positive changes to tthey organizational structure and tthey organization generally that we’re very excited about as we move into tthey new year just in seeing those resources on board and start to deliver more productively. Justin Kew Good. And just tthey last question I have just on tthey roadmap you talked about in tthey MD&A about Computrace event cooling, what are tthey features or what are tthey areas you don’t have to be specific, but what are tthey features or product enhancements or functionality all customers looking for? Geoff Haydon Well, that’s big one and it’s actually driving a lot of activity and opportunity for us right now and I’ll just – I’ll frame it up in terms of tthey use case many of our largest customers are deploying that specific feature in tthey spirit of what ttheyy call adaptive security and essentially what it enables ttheym to do is to define a risk profile of an endpoint device, it may be geolocation based, it maybe it is a device encrypted, is it being used by unknown username as ttheyy are calling in from a known IP address. And if any of those parameters are violated tthey enterprises altered and to make a decision as to wtheyttheyr or not remediation is required, it may involve locking tthey device, it may involve geolocating and recovering it, it may involve deleting information on it if ttheyy’re concerned that tthey risk threshold is exceeded, but that alerting capability has tremendous potential in our view and is being adopted very broadly and very innovatively by some of our largest customers. So that’s a big focus as we move into Q4 is on really prioritizing that adaptive security use case and monetizing it in a more meaningful way. Justin Kew Okay. Thank you very much Geoff. Thanks Errol. Geoff Haydon Thank you. Errol Olsen Thanks, Justin. End of Q&A Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I turn tthey call back over to Mr. Haydon. Geoff Haydon All right. Well listen thank you operator and I want to say thank you to everybody that joined us for tthey call today for your interest in Absolute and for your time. Thank you, good evening. Operator Thank you for joining. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect