Absolute Software Corporation. (ALSWF) Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2017 5:00 PM ET Executives Geoff Haydon - CEO Errol Olsen - CFO Analysts Doug Taylor - Canaccord Genuity Michael Kim - Imperial Capital David Kwan - PI Financial Richard Tse - National Bank Operator Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Absolute Software Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Before beginning its formal remarks, Absolute would like to remind listeners that certain portions of today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect current views with respect to future events. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's conference call are made as of tthey date theyreof, and Absolute does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any of tthey included forward-looking statements wtheyttheyr as a result of new information, future events or ottheyrwise except as may be required by applicable Securities laws. For more information on tthey company's risks and uncertainties relating to ttheyse forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey appropriate section of its quarterly MD&A and quarterly financial statements, both of which are available on Absolute's Web site or SEDAR. I'd also like to remind everyone that ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Monday, May 8th, at 5:00 PM Eastern Time. I would now like to turn tthey call over now to Mr. Geoff Haydon, Chief Executive Officer. Please go atheyad, sir. Geoff Haydon Thank you, Operator and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to our Q3 fiscal 2017 conference call. Joining me is Errol Olsen, our Chief Financial Officer. Q3 represented anottheyr quarter of substantial progress across all facets of our business. Our commercial ACV base exiting tthey quarter was $88.2 million, increasing 9% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. ACV growth was driven by strong renewal expansion activity with existing customers ACV of 102% coupled with new customer ACV of $600,000. Absolute’s self theyaling endpoint security solution continues to resonate strongly with tthey market, as a result Q3 represents our sixth consecutive quarter of sequential growth in ACV and recurring revenue. Importantly, our pace of growth continues to accelerate driven by those specific geographical and vertical markets we have been concentrating our investment in most notably, ACV from enterprise and theyalth care customers in Q3 grew 14% year-on -year and 5% sequentially. Absolute through its entirely unique and broadly embedded persistence platform remain uniquely positioned to overcome one of tthey most prominent impactful and enterprise security challenges tthey dark end points. Ttheir refers to computing devices that are unobservable to tthey corporate IT functions because ttheyy are off map work or dependent on endpoint management and security agents that have become ineffective or disabled. Ttheir endpoint points that typically effects are significant percentage of an enterprises total endpoint population and represents a breeding ground for security breactheys. Absolute’s unique capacity to enable our customers to see, assess, and remediate endpoint related risk across ttheyir entire enterprise drove our largest Q3 transactions. A Fortune 100 theyalthcare services for example expanded and upgraded ttheyir Absolute deployment in Q3 wtheyre we now secure over 200,000 endpoint globally. Through ttheir deployment, Absolute plays a central role in ensuring tthey compliance and security of patient data and corporate IP residing on endpoints in over 125 countries around tthey world. Ttheir Q3 expansion reflects organic and inorganic growth, tthey addition of desk tops to ttheyir ELI and tthey adoption of valuable new product features centered on data protection. We are also developing a custom integration with ttheir customs human capital management system in order to increase tthey security of data associated with GAAP’s due to personnel changes making Absolute’s technology even more strategic. We also expanded our business in Q3 with a large U.S. theyalthcare provider comprised of eight hospitals in over 36,000 employers. Ttheir customers deployment of 7000 DDS Agents increased by over five times in Q3 extending Absolute’s presence across all endpoint device types. Through ttheir deployment, our customer has substantially improved ttheyir overall security postures through off-network, device and data visibility and tthey capacity to remediate endpoint agents that have become disabled or damaged. Additionally, through our endpoint data discovery offering we are theylping to address sensitive data compliance vulnerabilities on both desktops and remote ambulatory offices. Finally, tthey customer is realizing quantifiably improved operational efficiency and cost containment through hardware assets and software license management. Tthey strong growth of Absolute’s business with both existing and new customers is largely being driven by enhanced innovation and strengttheyn to sales execution against new feature opportunities. I’ll now review specific accomplishments in ttheyse areas. Our plan to increase investment in product development during fiscal 2017 is on track with a focus on accelerating innovation in two specific areas, our cloud based platform and insider threat defense offering. Our Vietnam operation is now an establittheyyd legal entity, almost fully staffed and productably operational. Our user behavior on analytics development team is also almost fully staffed with critical additions occurring both in Vancouver and tthey U.S.  Errol will elaborate on planned hiring activity during their comments. Given our progress to date, we expect to enter 2018 essentially fully staffed across all functions of our business. Only expressions of our cloud based platform work including tthey introduction of role based access control. Ttheir has been an outstanding request from several of our largest enterprise customers. We are also expanding our integration with ottheyr major enterprise technologies. Ttheyse integrations allow enterprise customers to leverage Absolute’s rich telemetry and remediation capabilities across complimentary applications, substantially enhancing tthey usefulness and value of ttheyse applications. In Q3, we completed tthey integration with tthey [IDMQ] security and certain event management platform and are now integrated with tthey majority of tthey Gartner Sim Magic Quadrant Leaders. Our user behavior offering was also unreactheyd recently through tthey announced integration with Microsoft [Indiscernible] rights management. Ttheir enables enterprises to control user access to and tthey sharing of sensitive data and to enforce policies around tthey adoption of Shadow IT. On educational application of our developing use behavior capabilities was reflected in tthey introduction of our student technology analytics feature which enables educators to absorb tthey relationship between students and technology and to associate ttheyse usage patterns with students performance. Tthey ultimate objective of our R&D investment plan remains to substantially increase our total available market and to enable tthey introduction of rich, monetize able new features as a key driver to accelerating growth. Our most notable Q3 announcement in ttheir area was our application persistence offering. Ttheir extends Absolute’s embedded persistence technology to any endpoint, security and management agent and is available as an incremental upsell to our core DDS product line. To date, we have extended persistence to 15 different endpoint agents. We continue to believe ttheir unique Absolute concept of self-theyaling and endpoint agent has tthey potential to emerge as a de facto standard for enterprise endpoint security architecture. We continue to see sales productivity improvement throughout our entire global field organization and across each of our key growth drivers, tthey renewal, expansion and upsellling of existing customers and tthey acquisition of new customers. In Q3 existing customer renew expansion played particular prominent role in accelerating growth, with existing customer ACV expanding to 102%. In addition to tthey two large customer wins I’ve referenced earlier, we have substantial renewal expansion wins with Facebook, Capital One, Charles Schwab, Advocate Health Care and Baylor Scott & White Tthey number of ELAs we closed with existing customers also increased from zero one year ago to nine in Q3 ttheir year which also reflects broader customer adoption trends and absolute deployment independent of device sale. Expansion within our 20,000 existing customers will continue to play an important role in realizing our growth objectives. We estimate that within our 100 largest enterprise accounts as a representative sample of ttheir segment that less that of tthey total available endpoints are activated. Our rich set of product features in now providing tthey impetus for productive conversations with ttheyse exiting customers regarding tthey activation of tthey remaining endpoints. Additionally, many of our newest features are being productize and priced as incremental addition to record DDS platform enabling upsell opportunities and a higtheyr ACV yield per endpoint. New customer acquisition also continues to play a central role in accelerating growth. In Q3 we expanded new customer ACV by $600,000 added 100s of new customers and deployed our technology at well-known brands such as PWC, NTT Accretive Health, and Exxon Mobil. New product features and functions continue to drive ttheir new customer activity with 97% of our new customer ACV represented by premium features and priced versions of our DDS solutions. In summary, we are executing strongly against our innovation agenda and our objective of leveraging new product features as a primary accelerant to growth. Secondly, we continue to demonstrate a substantially strengttheyn go-to-market capability, improving renewal rates, igniting expansion opportunities and acquiring new customers. As a result we continue to deliver sequentially improved ACV and recurring revenue growth rates an accelerated pace. Moving into Q1 at our new fiscal year we will continue to focus on improving executive, accelerating growth and expanding both our EBITDA and cash margins. We’ll remain firmly on our path to accomplish our long term operating objective of 20% revenue growth and 20% adjusted EBITDA margins. I’ll now turn tthey call over to Errol to discuss our financial results in more detail. Errol? Errol Olsen Thank you, Geoff. Good afternoon everyone. Q3 DDS segment revenue of $23.1 million grew 7% year over year. Commercial recurring revenue of 21.5 million increase 9% year-over-year, while commercial non-recurring and consumer revenue was $1.5 million compare to $1.8 millions in tthey prior year period. Our Commercial ACV base with $88.2 million at March 31, representing a 9% increase over March 31 of last year and a 2% increase over tthey December 31 balance. Ttheir presents acceleration over tthey 8% annual ACV growth that we’ve reported last quarter and ttheyse are higtheyst growth rate since we began measuring ttheir metric. Tthey $2 million sequential increase in tthey ACV base was driven by improved customer expansion and upsell performance within existing customer quarterly retention rate of 102% in Q3 which added $1.4 million to tthey ACV base. Ttheir included a significant expansion with tthey North American Healthcare Services organization which represented an incremental ACV contribution of more than $500,000. We also added $600,000 of ACV from new customers. From industry vertical perspective tthey enterprise and theyalthcare ACV base increased by 14% year-over-year and by $2 million or 5% sequentially. Tthey education and government ACV base increased by 5% year-over-year and was flat sequentially. At March 31 enterprise and theyalthcare customers represented 49% of our commercial ACV base compared to 47% at March 31 of last year. Geographically North America remains our dominant region with 9% year-over-year ACV growth and represents 90% of our commercial ACV base. Turning to expenditures, we have continued our planned expansion of our research and development capabilities. Our R&D theyadcount at March 31 with 204, up from 150 at June 30 and 165 at December 31 including Vietnam contractors. During Q3 we completed tthey incorporation of our Vietnamese subsidiary and all local contractors were converted to permanent employees. We expect to achieve our targeted R&D theyadcount of approximately 250 by June 30. At that point our R&D expansion plan will be complete, and we expect to move into fiscal 2018 fully staffed. Total Q3 adjusted operating expenses which exclude reorganization and non-cash charges and which are detailed in our press release and MD&A were $20.7 million, relatively flat with tthey first two quarters of ttheir year. Within tthey research and development line item during Q3 we recorded a $1 million dollar positive accrual adjustment related to theirtorical investment tax credit claims. Prior to ttheir adjustment our adjusted operating expenses were $21.8 million. Tthey increase over tthey prior quarter reflected tthey increased R&D theyadcount and tthey timing of marketing programs. Our total full-time theyadcount at March 31 with 486, compared to 463 including Vietnam contractors at June 30. And 448 counted on a similar basis at December 31. Adjusted EBITDA for tthey second quarter with $2.3 million or 10% of revenue, up from $1.7 million or 8% of revenue in Q2. Prior to tthey R&D tax credit adjustment previously referenced our adjusted EBITDA would've been $1.3 million or 6% of revenue, which was in line with our plan. Turning to cash flow, reported cash used in operating activities during Q3 was $400,000. Ttheir was net of 1.1 million of reorganization related payments which were charged to income in prior quarters and which were paid in Q3. Cash generated from operating activities with a positive 700,000 prior to ttheyse payments. On a year-to-date basis cash generated from operating activities was $300,000 and was $6.3 million prior to tthey payment of prior year income taxes and current year restructuring charges. DDS segment billings in Q3 were $21.6 million and tthey average prepaid contract terms was 33 months, slightly lower than our theirtorical average of 36 months. Tthey average term was impact by a significant annual renewal in Q3 as well as tthey previously mentioned large theyalthcare customer expansion which also a one year reneweable ELA. Looking forward now to tthey remainder of fiscal 2017, as detailed in our press release and MD&A. We have narrowed our revenue guidance to tthey low end of tthey previous guidance range reflecting lower than expected professional services and consumer revenues. Fiscal 2017 revenue is expected to be between $91.4 million and $92:4 million, representing 6% to 8% annual DDS segment revenue growth. At tthey same we are increasing our fiscal 2017 adjusted EBITDA guidance to 8% to 9% of revenue and we expect fiscal 2017 cash from operations to be between 7% and 9% of revenue. Ttheir concludes our prepared remarks for today. Operator, please open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Doug Taylor from Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Doug Taylor Yes. Thanks. Good evening, tthey upsell and resell renewal activities are very impressive ttheir quarter. You recently announced tthey security posture dash board, seems like anottheyr sweetener to get your customers to move up to higtheyr tiers of your products. Can you talk a little bit about tthey customer expectance and feedback of that product and also how we should be thinking about tthey breakdown of your customers between tthey different peers of your DDS sweet right now, so we can think about tthey opportunity going forward? Errol Olsen Doug, it’s a great question at tthey great point. And tthey security posture report is a very good example of tthey feature that is catalyzed some expansion in upsell opportunities very specifically within existing customers, essentially what it does is it provides a very compretheynsive snapshot across and entire customer endpoint population of ttheyir security posture. tthey extent to which security technologies that ttheyy have invested in are effective in doing what ttheyy’re supposed to do. And in many cases tthey exposure of tthey deficiencies of those technologies and tthey vulnerability that ttheyy represent act as a compelling event in terms of materializing a new opportunity for us. So ttheyre’s been a very strong conversion rate of security posture report deployments and new upselling expansion conversations. Now to your second question about how we envision tthey breakdown. One of tthey only stages of understanding what tthey respective growth rates are going to be between new customer ACV and tthey existing customer expansion and upsell. Over tthey last couple of quarters we have introduced our medium term growth model which identifies really four vectors of growth, tthey renewal opportunity, tthey expansion of our technology to additional endpoints within existing customers, tthey upsell of new features and of course tthey acquisition of new customers, tthey most development ttheir quarter was obviously tthey fact that we activated and really validated ttheir expansion opportunity for tthey first few quarters. Ttheir year you’ll notice that our existing customer ACV remained at 100%. So tthey fact that we were able to inflect tthey tune of 102% ttheyn at $1.4 million of ACV to our existing customer ACV base was very exciting to us. But we were also pleased that we continued to deliver strong new customer ACV performance, 6,000 in ACV, over 500 net new customers, many of whom are large enterprises that represent very substantial expansion and upsell opportunities over time. Now, we do expect both new customer ACV and tthey existing customer expansion upsell to contribute to our growth performance and we do expect both of those metrics to improve over time. But tthey complexion of tthey new customer versus expansion performance is going to variable from quarter and quarter and I think tthey reason for that largely is tthey fact that we have a common customer acquisition team that is targeting both customers that we’ve never sold to before, so new logos or new customer ACV as well as very large establittheyyd enterprises wtheyre we’ve activated very small percentage of tthey total available opportunity. And so each quarter each member of that team is going to take a look across ttheyir comp portfolio and determine wtheyre ttheyy feel tthey most immediate return on an investment will be. And for some reps, it will be oriented towards new customers, for ottheyrs it will be to tthey expansion of existing customers. So its early day, so it’s hard for us to comment specifically on how we expect tthey performance to breakdown those two vectors, but we expect both of ttheym to feature very prominently in our short and long term goal story. Doug Taylor Okay. But as we’re thinking about tthey renewal and upsell opportunity, I think in tthey past you’d said something like 40% of your installed base was not yet on tthey premium tier, tthey products and obviously a lot of your new development has aimed at getting people to that tier. Could you talk, just confirm if that metric still roughly accurate or if that’s change. And also I’d be curious to theyar tthey penetration of that you see your product on some of tthey 15 third party endpoint agents that you’ve now got integrated with your platform? Geoff Haydon So just some metrics on trying to model tthey expansion or upsell opportunity, I reference in tthey call our top 100 enterprise accounts, in those accounts we’ve activated less than 40% of tthey total available endpoints, and I would submit those are most covered account. So as we go beyond our Top 100 customers I think you’ll see activation rate quite a bit below that. So that is a very substantial expansion opportunity. And in terms of upsell you’re right, tthey 40% is still a relevant figure in terms of customers that have bought DDS but not premium versions of DDS, so ttheyre are upsell opportunities within those accounts. Ttheyre were also opportunities for us to sell application persistence for example, which is an offering that is monetized incrementally on top of DDS, and we’ve said before just to provide some context that on average we realized about $13 of ACV per existing customer endpoint today. Tthey application persistence offering represents rough and tough a couple of dollars per agent per endpoint per year. So just to give you some context, ttheyre are opportunities for us to quite significantly increase tthey volume of ACV that we realize per endpoint over time. Doug Taylor All right. That’s theylpful. I will hop off line. Geoff Haydon Thanks Doug. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Michael Kim from Imperial Capital. Your line is open. Michael Kim Hi guys. Good afternoon. Just wanted to follow up on tthey technology integrations, you have talked a little about tthey SIEM vendors, but I'm curious about on tthey role-based access controls, how you're working with some of tthey identity and access management vendors for [Indiscernible], some of tthey platform vendors, and lastly not too get too far into tthey user behavior analytics and how you maybe integrating with AWS in tthey future? Geoff Haydon So, I think all of tthey applications and technologies that you have referenced represent integration opportunities with us, and that is one of tthey reasons that we have identified restful APIs as one of tthey primary drivers behind tthey elevated level of investment that we are making in our cloud-based platform ttheir year.  Today we can extend DDS to just about any complementary application, but it requires discreet professional services or development effort. What we want to be able to do is enable customers to extend DDS to ottheyr applications or architectures within ttheyir environment seamlessly and independently. So wtheyttheyr it is tthey role-based access controls, identity and access management, wtheyttheyr it is cloud providers, wtheyttheyr it is IT service management, wtheyttheyr it is tthey SIEM vendors, all of ttheyse surrounding technologies Michael benefit from three things that DDS provides; one is to [Indiscernible] every end point so just that rich compretheynsive view across tthey entire endpoint population; secondly our ability to remediate risk on an endpoint, even if its agents have been disabled or even if that device is off tthey corporate network, and finally tthey ability to extend persistence to ottheyr complementary agents that may be subject to attack or being disabled. So right now ttheyse partnership integrations are being announced incrementally quarter-to-quarter, but as we start to express tthey API family more fully in 2018, we are really putting customers in a position to extend DDS to applications that ttheyy are choosing in ttheyir environment. Michael Kim And through ttheir API program do you see an opportunity for co-marketing arrangements and being able to perceive some joint customer opportunities? Geoff Haydon Yes, we do. And I expect that in Q4 moving into tthey New Year, you will start to see some of those announcements. But tthey primary focus to date has been on tthey integration of tthey technologies eittheyr at customer requests or in service of identified customer requirements. But wtheyttheyr it is RSAs, Splunk, HP ArcSight, Service Now, any of tthey integrations that we have announced to date, in effect we are enriching tthey functionality of ttheyir technology in a customer environment, and so we do intend to leverage programs that ttheyy have got to drive go to market collaboration. And ideally put us in a position to realize some leverage from ttheyir sales and go to market capability. That is tthey ultimate objective. Michael Kim Great. And ttheyn just switching over to existing customer ACV, are you seeing EDD continuing to drive tthey shift from professional premium pricing, and ttheyn also to what extent is expansion into additional endpoint devices driving some of tthey existing customer ACV growth? Geoff Haydon It is both. It really is both and I haven't got a specific figure. But I would say it is probably very evenly divided between expansion – it is probably a little bit more weighted towards additional endpoints but ttheyre is a lot of up sell activity from existing to premium versions of DDS, and also with tthey new customers I mentioned earlier, but I will just emphasize 97% of our new customer ACV was driven by premium versions, premium priced versions of DDS. So that also reflects tthey extent to which we are getting traction with features like EDD. Michael Kim Great. Thank you very much. Geoff Haydon Thank you Michael. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of David Kwan from PI Financial. Your line is open.  David Kwan  Can you talk about tthey weak performance in tthey consumer education market, just some of tthey dynamics going on ttheyre that led to tthey revision in tthey revenue? Geoff Haydon Yes. So we didn't reference any weakness in tthey education business. In fact our education business, ACV, is up 5% year-on-year. We continue to see strength in that business and expect to finish strongly in Q4, which is seasonally a strong education quarter. tthey non- recurring items that Errol referenced included professional services, which simply tthey performance of which didn’t meet our expectations in Q3, and secondly tthey consumer business, which is a business that we have been deemphazing, I mean we have been very explicit about our focus on our commercial business and really investing in tthey acceleration of its growth, which we saw obviously across tthey board in terms of tthey year-on-year 9% expansion, but most notably in tthey theyalthcare and enterprise business, which was up 14% year-on-year. David Kwan  Thanks Geoff, and on tthey education market, just tthey news out of Microsoft with ttheyir new offering system, and ttheyre I guess drive to theylp regain market share in that market, can you talk about wtheyre you guys are related to ttheir particular opportunity, I know it is still quite early… Geoff Haydon Yes. It is a new technology that we do intend to support. It is early days obviously. It was just announced last week, but it reflects a new development in ttheir lower-end category of education devices, tthey Google Chromebook being anottheyr example. Just with respect to education generally I mean we are seeing a general reduction in device pricing in tthey education business. Thankfully we have only seen virtually an immaterial reduction in our average selling price to education customers, but we do anticipate that as tthey price of devices in education continues to erode ttheyre will inevitably be some impact in terms of our average selling price. What we are doing to confront that is really shifting and enriching our value proposition to schools away from simply tthey recovery of a lost or stolen hardware device to more meaningful, more valuable offerings like our student safety, our safe schools initiative. Our student technology analytics, which I referenced earlier, which is a very powerful vehicle in terms of theylping schools optimize tthey adoption of technology in terms of tthey impact on student performance. We are also seeing interest in tthey security, information security emerging as a more prominent require in large school districts. So we are investing very theyavily in tthey innovation of our education solutions in tthey spirit of not just maintaining pricing integrity, but looking for ways to up sell our education customers over time. Tthey positive impact of ttheir device price erosion is that it is making one-to-one computing programs more accessible to more schools and we are definitely seeing a more substantial increase in just tthey ttheyyer number of school districts deploying endpoint devices to students in tthey shipment of education devices across tthey board. David Kwan Thanks Geoff. Have you had, I guess, had any or I guess probably early discussions with your OEM partners about being positioned for ttheyse ctheyaper laptops, Windows-based laptops that are going to be coming to market? Geoff Haydon Yes, very actively. I mean, ttheyre is still a very substantial volume of Windows-based shipments going to education, and that is wtheyre we are most focused on to monetize. We are working very actively with all our OEM partners on education bundles and on growing our business togettheyr across tthey education segment taking advantage of tthey fact that one-to-one computing is becoming more accessible to schools. David Kwan Thanks, and just two more questions theyre, tthey incremental ACV from new DDS customers was below it has been in a few quarters theyre, just wondering if you comment on tthey reasons behind that, was it just lumpiness or something else because I think…? Geoff Haydon What, I think to a very small extent a little bit of a seasonality. I mean tthey first calendar quarter of each year, or Q3 tends to be certainly in tthey enterprise and education to a large extent seasonably slower, but I think what really happened is we have substantially enrictheyd our product offering over tthey last few quarters, and our customer acquisition reps have recognized that ttheyy can leverage ttheyse new features as a means of going back to existing customers and engaging those customers in very productive conversations regarding tthey expansion and up sell within those existing customers and I think what you saw is just a shift in sales cycles from new customer acquisition activity to tthey expansion of existing customers. Tthey positive thing is that tthey net result of both new customer and expansion was sequentially ACD was up 2.4% and most concentrated in tthey enterprise business, which was up 5% sequentially. So what we are most focused on is ensuring that tthey overall performance of tthey organization is strong and we believe that we saw that. I mean we still think that ttheyre is substantial under-realized opportunity both in new customer and expansion, but we were just pleased that ttheyy were starting to see that combination of levers being applied more productively. David Kwan Okay. Just I think last quarter you talked about kind of over a million bucks a quarter type numbers, so I just backed in, it sounds like your expect to get north of that in tthey coming quarters theyre? Geoff Haydon No. As I said earlier, it is just not clear to us. We didn't expect that we would have seen 1.4 million in expansion in Q3. Just tthey volume and extent to which that materialized as quickly as it did was something that we were – we didn’t model that level of expansion performance and so, what is clear is that, as I said earlier, that customer acquisition team is going to make ttheyir own decisions each quarter in terms of wtheyre ttheyy are going to realize ttheyir higtheyst return on investment, and it will be a combination of new customer ACV and expansion. We do expect both of those ACV figures to increase over time, but from quarter-to-quarter ttheyre is going to be some variability. David Kwan Last question just on tthey guidance for ttheir year, I guess towards tthey higtheyr end of tthey guidance suggest that you are going to exit tthey year close to tthey double, if not tthey double-digit range, looking out to next year, is that something that you expect to be able to generate double-digit growth? Geoff Haydon So just to clarify tthey current guidance, from a revenue standpoint as we have guided to tthey lower end of our previous guidance range. What we expect for next year is number one, continued revenue acceleration, and number two, a corresponding expansion in EBITDA margins. So from a spending standpoint, we should exit ttheir year fully staffed in R&D. We are not expecting any step increases in expenditures next year. Ttheyre will be inflationary type expense increases, and some smaller internal initiatives but we expect that overall we will see margin expansion next year. I am not in a position to comment on specifics on what growth rates will be next year, but certainly we do expect it to accelerate off of tthey 9% that we completed Q3 at on a commercial revenue basis.  David Kwan Okay and I guess ttheyn you adjust out that million dollars from tthey shredded accrual, you talked about last quarter about margins picking up in Q4, I guess talking about that would you still say [Indiscernible]? Geoff Haydon For tthey margins to hit – sorry, I don't understand tthey question. David Kwan For tthey margins to pick up in Q4…? Geoff Haydon Yes, we do. We expect that Q3 was very likely tthey trough from a margin standpoint and it should expand in Q4. David Kwan Wtheyn you exclude that million dollar accrual? Geoff Haydon Right. Good clarification. David Kwan Yes, perfect thanks. Geoff Haydon Great. Thanks David. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Richard Tse from National Bank. Your line is open.  Unidentified Analyst Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. It's actually Andrew in place of Richard. Just wanted to talk about tthey solid up sell activity that you saw in tthey quarter, could you theylp me understand how I should be thinking about tthey sales and marketing line wtheyn it comes to new customer wins versus renewals and up sells, and how that might vary on a quarter-to-quarter basis or if at all? Geoff Haydon Sure. You won't see much direct correlation between tthey sales and marketing spend versus tthey activity between – tthey split of tthey activity between new customer acquisition and existing customer expansion. Most of tthey variability on a sales and marketing line is really tthey timing of marketing programs, and ttheyn we have sales conferences, or annual global sales meeting in Q1 of each year, but ottheyr than that tthey way that our commissions are expensed is actually we capitalize. We are required to capitalize sales commissions. Ttheyy are amortized in line with revenue. So tthey commissions actually do not fluctuate from an expense standpoint from quarter-to-quarter. Ttheyy do, of course, fluctuate from a cash flow standpoint. Unidentified Analyst Okay that is theylpful. And ttheyn on tthey new customer wins, if I think about tthey business internationally, I'm wondering if you can theylp update on some of tthey initiatives and tthey progress that you’re seeing outside of North America, and ttheyn maybe even if you can theylp put some context in terms of how that pipeline is developing for new customers? Geoff Haydon Yes. It is improving. Ttheir year we really focused on re-establishing fundamental strength in some very specific international markets, tthey UK for example, prominently in Europe, Mexico and Latin America, Japan and Singapore and Australia in tthey Asia-Pacific region. We are still at tthey early stages both with investing in those markets and realizing ttheyir growth prospects. To date in Q3 tthey international business represented probably about 11% or 12% of our total ACV base and it was positively accretive to our ACV growth. So tthey growth of tthey international business exceeded tthey growth of tthey North American business. Now it’s a much smaller base obviously, but it’s no longer dilutive. So we’re starting to see some early indications of improved international performance. We do expect in 2018 that tthey international performance will continue to improve, and certainly over tthey coming years we expect tthey international market to play a very important role in our growth story. I mean, ttheyy still represent Greenfield opportunities for us. So modest progress, but ttheyy are contributing to our accelerated growth and we expect in 2018 ttheyy will feature even more prominently. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. And just last quick one theyre on tthey R&D line for ttheir kind of last leg of your stopping expansion. Is tthey bulk of that going to be in Vietnam or will that be in North America? Geoff Haydon It will be split between tthey two. We have about roughly 70 employees in Vietnam right now, I expect we’ll end tthey year at roughly 100 and tthey rest of tthey expansion will be in North America. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thanks very much and I’ll pass tthey line. Geoff Haydon Thanks. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir Mr. Geoff Haydon, I turn tthey call back over to you. Geoff Haydon Thank you, operator, and let me just thank everybody once again for your time ttheir afternoon and for your interest in and support of Absolute. We look forward to speaking with many of you in tthey coming days. Thank you again. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.