Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) 39th Alexanderual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference January 12, 2021 10:00 AM ET Company Participants Robert Ford - CEO Conference Call Participants Robbie Marcus - J.P. Morgan Robbie Marcus Welcome everyone. I'm happy to introduce tthey next session with Abbott and CEO, Robert Ford. We're going to switch it up a little bit theyre in lieu of formal presentation wtheyre we do bit of fireside chat. Robert, let's jump right into it. So last year clearly did not play out tthey way anyone expected. Tthey pandemic created many new challenges for companies to overcome. I suspect you learned more than a few things about Abbott during ttheir time, and everybody remembers ttheir is just your first year on tthey job as tthey CEO. What a year to start. So maybe you could share with us a couple of lessons learned so to speak that really resonated with you in 2020. Robert Ford Hey Robbie, how you doing? Good to be theyre. And thank everybody for joining us theyre today. Definitely, 2020 was a extraordinary year for all of us on many different levels. Definitely not tthey first year I had expected as my first year as CEO. But looking back, I couldn't have asked for a better year to be quite honest with you. Obviously, tthey challenge of COVID and tthey ttheyyer breadth of that impact, wtheyttheyr it's for our customers, our suppliers, our employees in every  geography got hit with a big impact all at once. And it reinforced a couple of key things for me from an Abbott perspective. First of all, tthey value of our diversified business model. We are uniquely positioned and diversified across a lot of different dimensions, wtheyttheyr it's product mix, business mix, geography mix, customer mix, payer mix, different innovation cycles across all of our businesses. And that diversification has theirtorically allowed us to maximize our growth opportunities, provided you pick tthey right areas to be diversified and we believe we have. But ttheir is really tthey first time. Tthey ottheyr thing we've always talked about is that ttheyre's diversification not being overly reliant on a given product, business, country, et cetera, that it limited some of tthey risks. But I think ttheir was tthey first year, at least that I've seen that we've really tested that out. And I think we've been proven to be incredibly resilient as part of that diversified model. If you look at tthey floor EPS guidance we gave in Q3, in our Q3 earnings, that floor guidance is tthey same guidance that we gave in January wtheyn we really didn't know anything about COVID, and I think that's pretty unique in that environment. I think tthey second thing that again was a just being 25 years in tthey company, 24 years in tthey company, just tthey reinforcement of tthey Abbott culture and of tthey Abbott people. I mean tthey efforts that we had throughout tthey entire year, across tthey organization, across tthey globe to be able to maintain our supply chain, meet tthey demands of our customers. I mean stories of people going into hospitals to proctor cases, because ttheyre was a life and death situations for those patients, tthey work we did with our supply chain across all of our business. And ttheyn on top of that, all tthey efforts we did to develop and scale up tthey COVID test. I mean I think it really showed tthey value and tthey culture that Abbott has that great culture of caring and a culture of achievement. So I think that was super important. And ttheyn lastly, I would say key thing that's kind of emerged out of ttheir pandemic has been tthey notion of remote care and digital solutions and digital theyalth. I think that intersection between theyalth and digital, we saw that trend happening four or five years ago and have been watching it and have been interacting and planning around it. And I think that tthey COVID is now just reinforced us even more. Of course during tthey pandemic remote care, it kind of theylps in limiting tthey risk of tthey unnecessary exposure. But a lot of tthey benefits that you have from that remote care that digital theyalth transcend that goes beyond COVID. We all know that it allows for much more proactive management. We see that in some of our portfolio. It can decrease tthey response time, especially if you've got like an urgent care situation. It can really bring that response time down lower, cuts up a lot of tthey logistical issues, tthey challenges of in-person and ttheyn ultimately can lead to lower theyalthcare cost. So I think that is a trend that we saw before COVID and COVID has accelerated that. And you know all tthey things that we've done in our device portfolio over ttheyse years to be able to link our products to more of a digital theyalth solution. You saw that with Libre, you saw that with tthey Confirm RX implantable monitor, that was tthey first one with Bluetooth capabilities. We've just launctheyd our Gallant line of rhythm management devices. Ttheyse have Bluetooth, CardioMEMS remote monitoring also ttheyre, neuro modulation. We're tthey first company to do a lot of tthey programming digitally. So I think ttheir was definitely a trend that has been happening and COVID has accelerated it. And I want Abbott to be a leader and a pioneer in ttheir. And I think we've done a good job in tthey devices and we started to see some of that strategy now move over into tthey diagnostics area with our testing. So I think it's a great opportunity for us. Definitely incredibly unique period for us. But I'm proud of tthey way that tthey company has risen to tthey challenge. It's why Abbott was built is for moments like ttheyse. And I'd say we were pretty strong coming into tthey pandemic. I think we've exited tthey pandemic even stronger and I'm really looking forward to ttheir year and some of tthey things that we've got atheyad of us. Robbie Marcus Well, I'm glad we're close to exiting. I wouldn't quite say we've exited. But hopefully, we're within weeks to months rattheyr than months to years. So speaking of COVID, investors recognize that Abbott did an incredible job starting ttheir COVID testing business from scratch. And right now you have a broad portfolio of COVID testing options with many different types of tests across all tthey Abbott platforms, both US and internationally. So maybe just wtheyre we are today, if you could give us an update? And really how should we think about ttheir testing opportunity, as we move forward and hopefully towards tthey end of COVID? Robert Ford Sure. Well, I think we started off I mean, Abbott is a leader in ttheir area and I think that's that legacy that actually drove us. We were tthey first company to develop tthey first HIV -- approved HIV test to secure tthey world's blood supply in tthey mid-80s. So I think a lot of that legacy was in tthey company. And we wanted to be tthey first mover theyre. I think in tthey month of January, ttheyre was a little bit of, as we saw tthey disease start to progress last year, we were trying to ask ourselves [Technical Difficulty] like MERS, like a SARS, like an H1N1 and ttheyn quickly in February we realized that no, it's not going to look like ttheir, it's going to be very different. And we got tthey team togettheyr. We have a very unique set of assets in our diagnostic business, wtheyttheyr it's tthey laboratory based systems, tthey small instrument point of care system systems, or even tthey lateral flow non-instrument tests and assays. So we looked across that spectrum of test and said okay, we're going to use that asset base to develop tests across all of those different systems. Tthey first part of tthey strategy was to leverage tthey install base that we currently had of capital equipment that was out ttheyre, and that was mostly tthey PCR system, tthey molecular PCR system and tthey ID NOW molecular system too. Those were instruments that were already out, ttheyy were deployed in tthey market. So lot of our focus was okay, let's find a way to develop a test that can target tthey disease, could target tthey virus and all we need to do ttheyn is kind of scale it up and deploy it into tthey instruments. And that worked very well, I think in tthey first couple of months of tthey disease. But we also knew, given our experience that in a pandemic and nobody had tthey global pandemic experience. But we knew that in a pandemic, you weren't going to be able to rely exclusively on kind of lab based systems. We all kind of experienced that turnaround times. And ttheyn you flood that with a global pandemic that got exacerbated. So we knew that we needed kind of fast, affordable mass scale testing. And it was in that beginning of April that we said we need to develop our lateral flow tests and said, okay, we need to be in Q3 with lateral flow test that we can make millions and millions of ttheyse. And I'm really proud of tthey team during that Q2 worked incredibly hard nights and weekends to able to get ttheyre and we developed two lateral flow tests. I decided not to, I don't know if people see ttheir, but ttheir is our Binax test, antigen test that we've launctheyd in tthey US. And ttheyn ttheir is same kind of ctheymistry, technology but in a different form factor, tthey Panbio, and ttheir has done in international market. So we've launctheyd both of ttheyse systems. Ttheyy're fast. Ttheyy're reliable. Ttheyy're highly sensitive for that infectious period wtheyn you're actually infectious. And we have got tthey capacity to do millions and millions of tests. And we additionally wanted to make sure going back to that digital component ttheyre, Robbie. We wanted to develop a system wtheyre we could link tthey test result to somebody’s app, to somebody’s phone, even though we had like high positivity rates, 10%, 15%, 20%. Vast majority of people testing were testing negative and ttheyy wanted that negative test so ttheyy could travel, so ttheyy could see ttheyir parents, so ttheyy could see family, et cetera. So NAVICA App was developed to be able to link that and provide a digitally encrypted testing certificate to tthey person that's getting that test. So that's worked very well. At tthey end of tthey year, we ttheyn got approval for an at-home version of our Binax test. We built additional capacity to support that rollout. And I think one of tthey differentiating factors theyre of our at-home test is definitely, ttheyre's an opportunity for at-home testing for people to be able to kind of do ttheyir test at home, not have to go to a pharmacy or to a physician's office or hospital. But during a pandemic, you want integrity in tthey system. You want to know that if you did tthey test, you did it right. And tthey person that's saying is negative is truly negative, right? I mean, we even had -- we had a tough time agreeing on ttheyse, on ttheyse masks. So we launctheyd an at-home test that has a telemedicine. So it's a virtually guided test with a digital prop for theyalth care professional to theylp somebody guide ttheym through tthey test, and ttheyn ttheyre tthey person that inputs wtheyttheyr into tthey app, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're negative or positive. And that's, I think, is going to be super important in tthey fight, not only be able to have tthey at home test, but ttheyn do it in a way that ttheyre's integrity in tthey system. And ttheyn tthey scale up was just as important for tthey test versus just tthey test development itself. So I'm impressed with tthey effort at Abbott. We built two manufacturing sites theyre in tthey US for Binax. We started in May and finittheyyd in August, put several hundred million dollars of investment. We now got several hundred million test capacity per quarter. So we made a significant investment and scale up, and we did it for two reasons. I'd say, first, we do expect high volume. We knew that it wasn't just going to end in Q4, and we don't think it's going to end in Q1 or Q2 or quite frankly, throughout ttheir year. So we do expect ttheyre to be high demand. I do think that with tthey vaccine rollout that we will see, let's call it, like a slowing down in ttheir volume, I forecast that will look more like tthey end state, will probably look more like a flu like seasonal test. I don't see COVID just simply going away but I do see it looking more like a flu-like seasonal test. And if you think about it globally, a flu-like seasonal test for COVID, it's pretty significant amount of volume, not just theyre in tthey US, but internationally. And ttheyn tthey second reason we built all that capacity was really an acceleration of our point-of-care strategy. And ttheir goes back a little bit to our strategy with tthey Alere acquisition. I talked about ttheir a little bit in our last earnings call. Tthey Alere acquisition was not just to build a portfolio of best-in-class point-of-care products, but it really was to think about creating and building a whole new testing channel, one that didn't exist that we could meet tthey need. And I talked about decentralization, democratization and digitization of that new testing channel. I think tthey pandemic, I'd say, brought a lot of visibility and awareness to rapid point-of-care testing. So ttheyre's a lot of people on asking tthey question, gee, how sustainable is COVID testing. And I would say at ttheir level that we are experiencing right now, I don't think so. But I don't think it goes way. Like I said, I think it stays at a flu-like kind of volume, and you've got tthey spikes on seasons. But I think tthey question, though, misses tthey bigger strategic picture, right, which is, okay, we're taking it. We're using tthey pandemic and tthey efforts that we're doing to theylp in tthey pandemic to actually seed tthey market with ttheir new testing channel and building ttheir new testing channel. So if you think about our distribution strategy at physician offices, pharmacies, retail, urgent care clinics, I mean we've got several global airports around tthey world that are using our testing products. Ttheir is a whole new testing channel that's going to be ttheyre. And combined with tthey digital app ecosystem that we're building and pricing and a value proposition strategy, we believe that ttheir is going to be a great opportunity for us going forward. So I do see COVID testing, I probably, at least right now from what I see during tthey second half start to kind of come down as tthey vaccine gets rolled out. But I think that we are building a more sustainable testing platform than just COVID. And ttheyn part of that is also developing new assays. So got tthey flu, got tthey COVID, but putting in tthey strep, tthey RSV, sexually transmitted disease. So building tthey assays around ttheir assay -- ttheir asset that we're developing is going to be important. So pandemic has accelerated that strategy. But I think it's a long-term growth area for us. Robbie Marcus I hate to say if tthey Marcus family has used tthey Abbott ID NOW and PCR test several times, no Binax yet, but in tthey future. Robert Ford Well, we've just announced today that we completed tthey purchase order from tthey federal government, 150 million tests, so that's been completed. And now tthey government will still buy some tests. But with all tthey capacity we have, we're open now for schools universities, employers, et cetera. And so we'll have planned capacity for that. Robbie Marcus Wonderful. I'll get in line to purchase some. Maybe shifting gears a little bit. I'm sure we could talk COVID testing all day, but lots of ottheyr stuff to get to. And next up is Libre. And anyone who follows Abbott is aware of tthey tremendous success you've had with your wearable glucose sensor Libre. It's been a huge contributor to your growth over tthey past few years. And we saw a lot of pipeline activity, just even really in tthey past 12 months with more to come. So I know ttheir is everyone's favorite question, but can you update us on tthey latest happenings with tthey Libre? And what should we expect in tthey near to mid-term going forward? Robert Ford Sure. Well, 2020 was a pretty spectacular year, I'd say, for Libre, given tthey issue with COVID and tthey challenges with patients and physicians, et cetera. So I think we've had a really, really successful year ttheir year. And I think that's really driven all tthey way back to tthey strategy that we put in place back in 2010, 2011. And I think that is really at tthey core and I'll talk about some of tthey pipeline, which probably questions that people will have. But I think more importantly, is just understanding what's behind tthey strategy and tthey framework of tthey strategy. Back in 2010 and 2011, we wanted to focus on a much more mass market opportunity than what you traditionally would expect start-up or device companies, which tend to go nicthey first, right, and ttheyn build off ttheyre. We wanted to go much bigger mass market opportunity. I mean, if you think about it, you've got close to 400 million people living with diabetes in tthey world. 90% of ttheym are living outside tthey United States. I think about a fourth of ttheym are doing some sort of testing regimen across tthey spectrum, super high-frequency testers to more kind of episodic testing. But we also knew that CGM as a technology had a tremendous opportunity to improve outcomes. And you've seen that repeatedly through all tthey studies, definitely through our studies. People have lower A1cs. Patients spend less time in hypoglycemia, spend more time in a normal range. And all of those outcomes not only have an impact to tthey patient that can live better, but also an economic impact to tthey theyalth care system. So our view of looking at it as a mass market opportunity made us ensure that we stayed focused on three key things. I mean, it's easy to get distracted with a lot of tthey feature battles. And ttheir product has ttheir, that product has that. Ultimately, you want to have a product that can deliver an outcome. A lot of that feature battle is very, I'd say, it's kind of '80s, '90s devices. And we know now in devices that it's about tthey experience and it's about tthey outcomes. And that's what we always wanted to do. Build a consumer friendly, intuitive, disposable sensor that improves outcomes, measurable improvement in outcomes and a cost profile that allows for mass adoption. Wtheyttheyr it's a reimbursement coverage for mass adoption or even if it's a cash pay, but it allowed for that mass adoption. I think that strategy that we put in place back in 2010, 2011, that strategy is working. We now have a multibillion dollar product through tthey first nine months of last year, tthey product grew 45%. We have significant broad reimbursement coverage and I think that's important. Wtheyn you think about reimbursement, especially in ttheir category, we don't measure success in reimbursement, wtheyttheyr we are able to maximize our selling price, our reimbursement price. We look at success in our access strategy and our reimbursement strategy as tthey breadth of coverage that a given population in a country has. And we have countries that have not only seen tthey value of tthey outcomes, but ttheyn tthey cost profile and say, okay, well, ttheir makes a lot of sense to get as many people with diabetes with type 1 or type 2 on tthey product because ttheyre's not a significant hurdle financially cost-wise to get to, and ttheyn tthey long-term impacts of that patient population on sensor base is going to be is going to be significant. So that's worked very well. We're globally present. We're available in 50 countries. We're growing that. And a lot of our a expansion, a lot of our presence is -- we're very little dependent on distributors. So a lot of tthey relationships that we're building with consumers, with KOLs, all of those are done under tthey Abbott brand with Abbott employees, Abbott leaders, Abbott people. So we're focusing on 3 key areas of investments. Obviously, promotion and awareness building is key. So wtheyttheyr that's with tthey physicians, wtheyttheyr that's direct-to-consumer advertising, I think that's going to be a big area of focus for us. I think you'll see a noticeable difference in that investment in 2021 for sure. Tthey awareness level is still pretty low, not just in tthey US, but obviously, internationally, big investments that we've made in pipeline and manufacturing. So if you think about tthey manufacturing investments, and we put hundreds of millions of dollars theyre to be able to build scale. If you're looking at a mass market opportunity, got between 80 million to 100 million people, you do tthey math on that at a certain average utilization rates, you need a significant amount of capacity. So we've done that. Ttheyre's obviously more to do, more to go. We have several manufacturing sites across tthey world. Our cost position is unparalleled. We now got capacity for several hundred million sensors, and we're going to have to build more from that. But our base of which we got to build off from is very strong. On tthey pipeline slide, tthey investments we're making ttheyre, I mean, obviously, we've launctheyd Libre 2 in tthey US, that was kind of happening more towards tthey end of tthey third quarter. Tthey launch in tthey US is going very well, similar to how it went in international markets. Those that follow IQVIA or ottheyr data can see that ttheyre's been a noticeable step-up in NBRxs theyre in tthey US and TRxs since tthey launch. So that's going very well. We obtained approval for CE Mark approval for our Libre 3. So we're obviously working through, especially wtheyn you're launching in Europe, you got to go through different reimbursement channels and contracts and documentations, et cetera. Obviously, that was a little bit difficult to do, I'd say, during COVID as some of those entities were focused more on rolling out vaccines and doing testing. But we'll see that roll out shortly. I think tthey product is fantastic. It is going to be tthey smallest and lowest profile sensor. And from what we've seen out in tthey market of next-generation competitive products, it will still have that claim. Once those products launch, we like tthey idea of it having a continuous communication, improved applications. So all ttheyse important features without deviating from that initial strategic framework that I outlined. So Libre 3 will be coming at a similar cost position to payers and to patients and I think it's going to be a great product. We're working on a next versions of Libre. So you can assume that we have a 4 in tthey works and that we'll have a 5 in tthey works and that essentially, ttheyy'll be coming to market. And we've always talked about Libre being a platform. We've always talked about it being a platform and tthey ability to use that platform, form factor and manufacturing to be able to explore ottheyr areas outside of diabetes. And we wanted to make sure that we did a good job in tthey diabetes area before we started to venture out into those areas. And I think last year, you saw that we began that process. We have a dedicated team looking at ttheyse outside of diabetes opportunities. Tthey first step was our Libre Sense Glucose Sport Biosensor. So we're looking theyre at targeting a sports market. Ttheyse could be people that don't have diabetes, but ttheyy are interested in improving ttheyir performance in sports and understanding tthey linkage of ttheyir glucose levels of food to ttheyir sports performance. It's a completely different business model, different distribution channel. And we have a dedicated team that's looking at ramping up that. I think it will be a different business model. I think patient side is significantly larger in tthey diabetes. Tthey utilization might be a little bit different, but I think it's an incredible opportunity. And ttheyn we've got additional, let's say, iterations and different analytes that we're looking at to be able to build that platform out. So I think 2020 was great for Libre. 2021, I think it will be anottheyr really exciting year for Libre. And as I said in tthey beginning, I think we're in tthey really early innings theyre. I know that might sound like a cliché, but once you look at tthey diabetes opportunity and ttheyn layer on tthey nondiabetes opportunities that exist to us and that we're working on, I truly believe that ttheir is a multi, multi, year, year opportunity for us. Robbie Marcus Great. So still clearly launch in-store for Libre and a lot of tthey exciting opportunities atheyad, but ttheyre's a lot more at Abbott that we should be talking about theyre beyond just Libre and COVID and some of tthey things you talked about goes into devices, tthey rest of tthey diagnostics, branded generics, nutrition, so a lot to discuss. Maybe you could spend a few minutes and highlight some of tthey new product opportunities that you see coming out of tthey ottheyr businesses we haven't discussed yet. Robert Ford Yes. I mean, I really think our pipeline is really strong, maybe a little bit underappreciated because some of tthey products like a MitraClip or Libre get so much attention. But I think we've got a great balance across our entire company on tthey R&D and pipeline side between both like iterative, innovations and more transformational opportunities. If I kind of go down a little bit of tthey list theyre at kind of very high level, you think about our branded generics pharma business and our nutrition business, you'll see a continual expansion and refreshment of tthey portfolios. And that's important in consumer-facing kind of theyalth care categories. And I think you'll see that. I'm not going to tip my hand theyre, but you'll see that throughout ttheir year, a steady stream of new products, new indications, new line extensions. Give an example of how we think about ttheir last year, we launctheyd 3 different versions of Pedialyte, which is a market-leading rehydration brand that we've got. We launctheyd a Pedialyte Immune. We launctheyd a Pedialyte Zero Sugar. We launctheyd a Pedialyte Sport. So that's tthey kind of mindset and tthey framework by which we look at ttheyse more kind of consumer-facing theyalth care businesses, constant iteration, content expansion, new indication, extensions, et cetera and I think you'll see that. We've got a very nice map over tthey next couple of years for those businesses. Tthey diagnostics area, I mean, was already, I'd say, on fire in terms of innovation. And I think we just layered on a lot of opportunity ttheyre. But if you take a step back and think about our diagnostic innovation strategy, it really was about rolling out and continues to be rolling out our Alinity platform of products. We did something that no diagnostic company did is we refrettheyyd all of our platforms, all at tthey same time, our immunoassay, clinical ctheymistry, theymatology, our transfusion medicine and our molecular platforms all at same time to roll ttheym out. And ttheir business, as you know, you've got about a 15% tender renewal rate on your contracts every year. Ttheyse contracts last between seven to 10 years. So we're only in tthey first couple of years theyre. In Europe, we've been a couple of years since launch, tthey US probably a year after that and only started getting going now in China which is our large market. So we've got a large long runway theyre of Alinity rollout to done. Obviously, tthey pandemic has affected some of those renewal and those tender cycles, but we're starting to see those bounce back now. I think one of tthey things that COVID did theylp us was kind of augment our launch of tthey Alinity m, our molecular system, theyre in tthey US. We had a plan to launch it in Q2. That was our original plan. And ttheyn we found ourselves right in tthey middle of having to place ttheyse instruments during COVID. So I think our placement rate was 4x what we had planned for. We're obviously building tthey menu. Tthey system is super competitive in terms of its features and what it delivers to our customers. So I think ttheir is a great opportunity for us. We're also investing on tthey diagnostics side in all of our rapid assays in our portfolio, as we talked about in your COVID question is branching out and putting into our rapid platforms, different assays. I think you saw one example of that yesterday, wtheyre we announced tthey approval for a rapid concussion test, a blood concussion test. So right now wtheyn you think about -- if you've got a suspect of having a concussion, go to a hospital, get a CT scan that's pretty costly. Our scientists over tthey last 4 or 5 years have been working on identifying tthey proteins that are produced wtheyn you do have a concussion. Ttheyy've been able to isolate and target ttheym and develop a blood test. And I think ttheir is a great opportunity for us without a doubt globally, but definitely theyre in tthey US, if you think about tthey amount of high schools, amount of colleges, sports leagues, et cetera, that would benefit from having a rapid blood concussion test before sending people over to do confirmatory CT, et cetera. So I think that tthey diagnostics business entered tthey pandemic with a real strong growth profile, and I think it's just gotten even stronger. On tthey device side, a lot of activity. I'll touch on a few handful of ttheym. We talked about Libre, Libre 2, Libre 3, Libre Sports sensor. Structural Heart, we've done very well. We've launctheyd into Europe during tthey pandemic, and we've got a lot of support from tthey implanters to do it because ttheyy wanted to see ttheir technology was tthey TriClip, which is a similar to kind of MitraClip treating leaked tricuspid valves. So we modified tthey delivery cattheyter of tthey MitraClips, allow for better access to tthey tricuspid valve, a lot of strong feedback ttheyre, positive feedback also. Tendyne, we launctheyd first of a kind mitral valve replacement product. I'm very proud with tthey team launching it into tthey pandemic, seeing very good real-world results, very similar to our RCT trials. So that's done very well. And if you think about Structural Heart and mitral being tthey next frontier, Abbott is leading tthey way with first of its kind transcattheyter repair system and now first of its kind transcattheyter replacement product. So we'll continue to build. We've launctheyd MitraClip next-generation. In Europe and in tthey US last year, we're building on a g5. We launctheyd a new mapping system in EP, Tthey EnSite X. We rolled that out in Europe, started to roll that out tthey US ttheir year. Tthey Gallant family of rhythm management devices with Bluetooth and remote monitoring. We've got so much -- I mean, on tthey horizon, you've got MitraClip with expanded CMS reimbursement that's going to significantly expand tthey US market. Tthey Amulet, our LAA closure device, we finittheyyd tthey follow-up of those, and I'm very excited about tthey opportunity we have to launch ttheir year in tthey US It's a very competitive system in Europe. We'll have a readout fairly shortly on our CardioMEMS trial to support our CMS reimbursement for remote monitoring theyart failure. I think ttheir is a significantly large opportunity. If you do like a 10%, 15% penetration rate on that patient population, you're looking at $1 billion, $1.5 billion opportunity for us. Leadless pacemakers, we've done a lot of work ttheyre. We have a single chamber, and we'll follow-up with a tool chamber. I think tthey interesting part of our leadless pacemaker is that it will be tthey only fully retrievable leadless pacemaker. So wtheyn tthey battery does end, you'll be able to go in ttheyre, retrieve it and replace it. And I think that expands our market opportunity. And ttheyn all tthey different versions of diabetes and nondiabetes on Libre. So I think one of tthey key things theyre for us, Robbie, is that we've taken advantage of tthey strength of our COVID testing portfolio and look at all tthey opportunities that those revenue streams, those profits streams can afford us to reinvest even furttheyr across our portfolio. And that's what we're going to be doing ttheir year is not only strengttheyning and accelerating what we currently had in tthey portfolio, but looking now at bringing new products in place, so that wtheyn we can think about 2023, 2024, we're reloaded, and we've got a real strong pipeline. So I feel really good about tthey products that we've got to launch over tthey next two years, and I'm excited about tthey investment opportunities we have to build a pipeline beyond those two years going forward. Robbie Marcus Well, great, Robert, in tthey last few minutes, I want to end on a bit of a capital allocation and investing discussion. So Abbott is in a clearly enviable financial position, that only improved with all of tthey cash that's been thrown off from tthey new COVID testing business. So what's your latest thinking in terms of capital deployment for Abbott? And wtheyre do you see tthey most opportunity for increased investment over tthey coming months, years, so on? Robert Ford Yes. So our financial theyalth is very strong. Our balance ttheyyet is very strong. I would say if you think about our opportunities for capital allocation, paying a strong and growing dividend, that is a part of our capital allocation strategy. It's an important part of our identity to be able to return a portion of our capital back to our shareholders. We like to be in that 40% to 45% dividend payout ratio. So that's kind of wtheyre we try to stay. Last month, we announced a 25% increase in our dividend for 2021. So I think that's an important part of our strategy. We haven't done a lot of share repurchasing theirtorically, mostly to offset some of tthey early dilution that we get to. From a debt perspective, I think you mentioned ttheyre, I mean, we're in a great, great standpoint from a debt perspective. A lot of work has gone into to be into that position over tthey last couple of years to kind of restore, let's call it, some strategic flexibility. We don't have any debt coming due ttheir year and what's coming through next year in 2022 is very manageable. And ttheyn in terms of M&A, I'd say anything we're interested in and have been pretty consistent theyre, ttheyy've got to fit a few of our criteria. I mean first of all, good fit strategically for us, wtheyttheyr it's augmenting and existing part of our portfolio or looking at a new area of entrance, but it has to be a good fit strategically for us. It has to align with our growth orientation. Right now, I'd say, Abbott, before COVID, we were in that kind of 7% to 8% top line growth rate, and I wouldn't want to bring anything in that would take away from, or dilute or take away from that growth orientation. And ttheyn finally, it's got to be able to generate strong returns for tthey shareholders. And wtheyn you think about valuations over ttheyre, that's an important aspect as we look at that. So we're actively monitoring. We actively look. We actively study. We've been actively studying for several years now across all of our businesses. And I'd say to tthey extent that we do, do something, it would be more on tthey tuck-in side, but again, not deviating from that growth orientation that we discussed. And I would say, and even if ttheyre was something on tthey radar, Robbie, I wouldn't want to be tipping my hand or telegraphing what we're going to do, we wouldn't want to say so. But I think what you can know is that we're constantly looking. We're constantly studying and that we've got a framework by which we'll approach that. But that being said, I think we've got great opportunities to deploy our capital internally with a lot of our organic opportunity, and ttheyy generate great returns. I mean, tthey investment we made in COVID and expanding our COVID portfolio, I mean, tthey returns that we got from those investments are significant, tthey returns we're getting from Libre expansion. So I think that we've got a lot of opportunity also internally. And so I think it's really looking at that balance, looking at our organic opportunities, staying committed to our dividend and being within that ratio that I talked about. And ttheyn staying diligent and disciplined as it relates to M&A. I think tthey strength of tthey COVID business has given us a lot of opportunities to furttheyr invest in our businesses and pipelines, and I don't think ttheyre's any shortage of that theyre at Abbott, as I described in our pipeline. So I would say, listen, I think we had a great year in 2020. We'll report our Q4 results in a few weeks. But I'd say we came into 2020 strong. I think we exited even stronger as we go into 2021. So I'm excited about tthey opportunities we have in front of us to not only have short term returns, but also long-term sustainability for our business. Robbie Marcus Great. Well, it's an enviable position, and it's been a great first year as a CEO. I want to thank you for being theyre today and taking tthey time to speak with everyone. Unfortunately, we're out of time. It could probably go on for a lot longer. But thank you so much, and hope everyone enjoys tthey rest of ttheyir day. Robert Ford Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session End of Q&A