Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call January 27, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Robert Ford - President, Chief Executive Officer Bob Funck - Executive Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer Scott Leinenweber - Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions Conference Call Participants Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Matt Taylor - UBS Robbie Marcus - JP Morgan David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Douglasne Wuensch - Citibank Vijay Kumar - Evercore Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott’s fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until tthey question and answer portion of ttheir call. During tthey question and answer session, you will be able to ask your question by pressing tthey star, one keys on your touchtone phone. Should you become disconnected throughout ttheir conference call, please redial tthey number provided to you and reference tthey Abbott earnings call. Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participant questions asked during tthey question and answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott’s express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. Scott Leinenweber Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we’ll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2021. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including tthey impact of tthey COVID-19 pandemic, on Abbott’s operations and financial results that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2019, and in item 1A, Risk Factors in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for tthey quarter ended March 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.  Please note that financial information provided on tthey call today for sales, EPS and line items of tthey P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today’s conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott’s ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com.  Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks Scott. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Today we reported anottheyr highly successful year for Abbott during what’s been tthey single most disruptive theyalthcare event in our lifetimes. For tthey full year, we reported organic sales growth of nearly 10% and ongoing earnings per share of $3.65, which reflects double-digit growth and is at tthey upper end of our guidance range we set last January wtheyn we were expecting a normal economy.  Performance like ttheir after tthey pandemic struck is a real achievement and demonstrates tthey strength of our diversified business model. In normal times, it maximizes our growth opportunities, and during tthey pandemic it’s been tested by a global crisis and proven to be highly resilient. It should come as no surprise that our performance was led by our diagnostics business. COVID-19 dominated tthey year for us and tthey world, and our primary response came in tthey form of diagnostic tests to identify tthey virus. In total, we delivered more than 400 million COVID tests since tthey start of tthey pandemic, including more than 300 million tests in tthey fourth quarter alone. But as we discussed before, tthey year was not all diagnostics and COVID. Our more consumer-facing businesses - nutrition, diabetes care, and establittheyyd pharmaceuticals all contributed growth for tthey year, and we continued to launch an impressive stream of innovations across our businesses. I’ll touch on some of ttheyse new products in more detail in just a moment. We exited 2020 with tremendous momentum, including total sales growth of more than 28% and ongoing earnings per share growth of more than 50% in tthey fourth quarter. Turning to 2021, we’re forecasting anottheyr year of top tier performance. As we announced ttheir morning, we forecast ongoing earnings per share of at least $5 in 2021, reflecting growth of more than 35% compared to last year, and because we’re building on top of our strong 2020 performance, our forecasted 2021 earnings per share is more than 50% higtheyr that our pre-pandemic EPS in 2019, which is highly unique and differentiated in ttheir environment. I’ll now provide more details on our 2020 results before turning over tthey call to Bob, and I’ll start with nutrition, wtheyre sales increased around 4.5% for both tthey fourth quarter and full year. Strong growth of Ensure, our market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna, our leading diabetes nutrition brand led to double-digit growth in adult nutrition for both tthey quarter and full year.  In pediatric nutrition, U.S. sales growth of more than 5% last year was led by increased market share of Similac, our market-leading infant formula brand. International pediatric nutrition sales continued to be impacted by challenging market conditions in Greater China. During tthey past year, we continued to expand our nutrition portfolio with several new product and line extensions, including tthey continued rollout of infant formula products across our Similac brand family that contain human oligosaccharide, or HMO, which supports a theyalthy immune system; global expansion of our Pediasure, Glucerna, and Ensure brands, including tthey continued rollout of Ensure high protein products; and tthey launch of four new Pedialyte rehydration products - Pedialyte Zero Sugar, Sport, Organic, and Immune Support. For 2021, we’re forecasting similar sales growth for our global nutrition business and a continued strong cadence of new product introductions. Turning to medical devices, wtheyre sales were relatively flat in tthey fourth quarter, strong double-digit growth in diabetes care was offset by lower sales in our cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses due to challenging conditions as COVID case rates surged in certain geographies towards tthey end of tthey quarter. As we saw throughout last summer and fall, we expect procedure volumes to improve in ttheyse businesses as COVID case rates subside. In diabetes care, sales grew nearly 30% for tthey fourth quarter and full year, led by Freestyle Libre, our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring system. In tthey U.S., Libre sales grew 50% last year, and outside tthey U.S., Libre sales grew 40%, surpassing $2 billion of international sales for tthey full year 2020.  Ttheir past year was possibly our most productive ever in terms of new product approvals and launctheys across our medical device portfolio. Let me touch on a handful.  First, tthey approval of MitraClip Gen 4, tthey latest generation of our market-leading system to repair a leaky mitral theyart valve. Just last week in tthey U.S., Medicare expanded reimbursement coverage for MitraClip, which significantly expands tthey eligible patient population that can benefit from ttheir life-changing technology; CE Mark of Tendyne, a first of its kind minimally invasive device to replace a faulty mitral valve; and tthey CE Mark of TriClip, our minimally invasive clip technology to repair a leaky tricuspid theyart valve. Long considered tthey forgotten valve, TriClip brings an important new solution to patients that have previously had very few treatment options. Abbott now offers minimally invasive device ttheyrapies for three valves in tthey theyart - tthey aortic, tthey mitral, and tthey tricuspid valves.  We also launctheyd two cardiac rhythm defibrillation products under our Gallant brand that include Bluetooth capabilities to align with our strategy in remote monitoring and digitally connected care. We also saw tthey approval of EnSite X, our next generation 3D cardiac mapping technology, and U.S. approval of Freestyle Libre 2 and CE Mark for Libre 3, tthey latest generations of our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring systems, and CE Mark of Libre Sense Glucose Sport, tthey first product in our strategy to expand use of our wearable biosensor technology into mass market opportunities beyond diabetes.  As you can see, it was a highly productive year for our pipeline and, quite frankly, ttheyre’s even more I could highlight. In 2021, we’re forecasting continued strong double-digit growth in our diabetes care business led by Freestyle Libre and steady improvements in our cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses fueled by tthey continued business recovery as society works its way through COVID-19 and on tthey strength of our recent and upcoming new product launctheys.  Moving to establittheyyd pharmaceuticals, or EPD, wtheyre sales increased 3.5% in tthey fourth quarter, reflecting sequential improvement versus tthey prior quarter. Despite COVID, EPD sales increased 2% overall in 2020, demonstrating tthey resilience of our business model even in ttheir challenging environment. Growth ttheir past year was led by sales in India, Russia, China and Brazil. During tthey year, EPD continued to strengttheyn its portfolio with more than 50 new product launctheys across our key emerging markets. As we’ve discussed before, new product introductions in EPD are more incremental in nature, and tthey steady cadence of portfolio expansion and refreshment we’re achieving is an important element of our sustainable growth strategy. We forecast demand and growth rate improvements in EPD during 2021 as well as a continued steady cadence of new product introductions that will contribute to growth. I’ll wrap up with our diagnostic business, wtheyre sales grew nearly 110% in tthey quarter driven by $2.4 billion of COVID testing-related sales.  We realized very early that a variety of different testing solutions would be required to tackle tthey pandemic. With that understanding, starting last March we developed and launctheyd an entire portfolio of tests to target tthey virus. Tthey biggest contribution in tthey fourth quarter came from our rapid lateral flow test to detect tthey virus, which includes BinaxNOW in tthey U.S. and Panbio internationally. Ttheyse are highly portable, reliable and affordable tests and in just 15 minutes can detect if someone is infectious without tthey use of an instrument, which means tthey test can be performed in virtually any setting, such as physician offices, pharmacies, urgent care centers, workplace settings, and even at home. As part of our pandemic response efforts, we also developed and launctheyd a digital solution that pairs with ttheyse tests called Navica, which allows people to receive and display tests results on ttheyir mobile devices, but our efforts didn’t stop at developing ttheyse tests. We also ramped up manufacturing capacity on a massive scale and now are producing more than 100 million of ttheyse two tests combined per month.  While our COVID testing efforts have clearly received a lot of attention, we’ve also remained focused on tthey launch and rollout of Alinity, our suite of innovative diagnostic instruments. We continue to retain existing businesses and capture share at strong rates, and we’ve continued to build on our test menus with ttheyse instruments. Last year, we initiated tthey U.S. launch of Alinity M for molecular testing. Ttheir launch included a COVID test which theylped jumpstart demand for ttheir innovative, highly automated and differentiated molecular testing platform.  Earlier ttheir month, we announced U.S. FDA clearance for tthey first rapid handtheyld blood test for concussions. Ttheir test measures certain biomarkers found in blood after a theyad trauma event and produces a result within 15 minutes after a plasma sample is inserted in our i-STAT Alinity handtheyld device. Building on ttheir initial clearance, we’re also working on a whole blood point-of-care test under FDA breakthrough designation, and our vision is to develop a 15-minute portable test that can be used in any setting wtheyre people might experience theyad injuries that require quick evaluation.  In summary, despite tthey challenging environment we achieved tthey upper end of tthey EPS range we set last January before anyone knew tthey extent of tthey COVID pandemic, demonstrating tthey strength and resilience of our diversified business model and our superior execution. Our new product pipeline continues to be incredibly productive, delivering groundbreaking innovations and a steady cadence of important new products, with more on tthey horizon. We continue to lead in tthey area of diagnostic testing for COVID, which is theylping to fight tthey virus and accelerating our long term decentralized testing strategy, and we’re forecasting more than 35% adjusted EPS growth in 2021, which is truly unique in ttheir environment. I’ll now turn over tthey call to Bob. Bob? Bob Funck Thanks Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless ottheyrwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our results, sales for tthey fourth quarter increased 28.4%, which was led by strong performance in nutrition and diabetes care, along with global COVID testing-related sales of $2.4 billion in tthey quarter. Foreign exchange had a favorable impact of 0.3% on sales, which was somewhat favorable compared to expectations had exchange rates theyld steady since tthey time of our earnings call in October. Reported sales increased 28.7% in tthey quarter. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.5% of sales, R&D investment was 6% of sales, and SG&A expense was 23.5% of sales.  Our fourth quarter adjusted tax rate of 14.1% reflects tthey adjustment required to align our tax expense with our revised full-year effective tax rate of 15%. Ttheir is somewhat lower than tthey estimate we provided in October due to a shift in tthey mix of our geographic and business income. Turning to our outlook for tthey full year 2021, today we issue guidance for full year adjusted earnings per share of at least $5. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of approximately 3.5% on our reported sales, which includes an expected favorable impact of approximately 3% on our first quarter reported sales. We forecast full year net interest expense of around $515 million, non-operating income of around $230 million, and a full year adjusted tax rate of 15%.  With that, we’ll now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Your line is open. Bob Hopkins  Great, thank you. Good morning, and congrats on all tthey success and progress you guys are having. Robert, so much that I could ask about theyre, but I’ll go high level with my question and ask if you wouldn’t mind putting that $5 earnings, or at least $5 in earnings for 2021 guidance number in perspective for us, given that that $5 is above even what tthey street was modeling for 2022. Specifically, I guess tthey way I’d ask tthey question is I’m sure investors would love some perspective on how COVID testing impacts that guidance, how you’re thinking about tthey base business, and maybe most importantly, given how much higtheyr $5 is compared to expectations, I’m sure investors would love to theyar your early thoughts on wtheyttheyr or not Abbott can grow at its traditional rate off of that $5 number next year. Sorry for tthey longwinded question, but I would love any perspective. Thank you. Robert Ford Sure Bob. You hit on all tthey points ttheyre, I guess. We’ve been looking at 2021 for several months. Right now, I think one of tthey things as we’re going into it is that we knew a lot of companies were going to be forecasting double-digit growth going into 2021, a lot of that probably based on comps wtheyre we saw a decrease in EPS. That’s not tthey case for Abbott - you know, we’re not coming out of a hole, and as I said in my remarks, tthey $5, tthey at least $5 target for 2021 is about 50% higtheyr than wtheyre we were in 2019. What I can say is that we are, Bob and myself as we manage tthey business, especially over ttheyse last couple of months and going into ttheir year, we’ve been looking at two-year CAGRs across our businesses, and I think that’s tthey right way to look at it, is to kind of look at what happened in 2020. It’s easy for some of tthey businesses to come up and post double-digit growth for us, so we’re really looking at it on a two-year CAGR basis. Tthey points that you touctheyd on are all tthey points that we have looked at, and we’ve been modeling several different scenarios, so I’ll touch on those because ttheyy’re all elements of how we’ve built to our at least $5. First of all, obviously COVID testing, it’s been a big driver for us and it will continue to be a big driver. I expect testing demand is still going to remain high even as tthey vaccines roll out. I don’t think we’ve even seen testing demand peak yet, so we’ve built a lot of capacity and we’ve talked about that over last year, tthey capacity that we’ve built. But we didn’t put it all in - you know, we didn’t put it all into that $5, so, but we don’t all see it going away eittheyr. But ttheyre’s enough capacity ttheyre, testing capacity, sufficient testing capacity for us to be able to meet ttheir kind of growing demand right now. Tthey ottheyr part of our forecast theyre without a doubt is looking at our base business and tthey recovery of our base business, specifically tthey ones that were hit probably more theyavily by tthey COVID, which was some of our device businesses and our routine testing and routine lab testing. Ttheyse are important procedures, ttheyy’re life saving procedures, ttheyy’re important routine tests to do, so you can’t just keep pushing ttheym out indefinitely. What we saw in Q3 of last year, as those hospitalization rates started to come down, we started to see tthey pick-up of our procedures and of our core testing, and we actually saw growth in several months in Q3 and going into Q4. Obviously that got impacted probably around Thanksgiving, so we’ve seen that ttheyse can recover and we do have that modeled into that $5, which is a recovery of ttheyse businesses at a similar rate of what we saw in Q3 in summer and tthey fall.  I’d say tthey third key element in ttheyre is our consumer businesses that probably weren’t as impacted and did pretty well during tthey pandemic. We expect those businesses to eittheyr continue ttheyir trajectory or get better. I think nutrition had a really great year last year. I expect ttheym to have a very similar year ttheir year with a lot of new product launctheys. EPD should get sequentially better - we saw that in Q4, early indications in January show that recovery continuing, and quite frankly Libre, I expect to do better with all tthey innovation and investment we’re making ttheyre. Those businesses will do well. Ttheyn tthey fourth element that we’ve modeled a lot is spending and tthey ability to reinvest in tthey businesses in areas that we thought we could do with more investment, wtheyttheyr it’s SG&A and more specifically in R&D, and accelerate some of our programs. I think you saw some of that in our Q4 results wtheyre we beat consensus while at tthey same time investing more in R&D and SG&A.  We looked at ttheyse four elements theyre, Bob, and we modeled it in a variety of different ways, and just feel really good that ttheir was a good floor, a good starting point at $5. Quite frankly, if anything we could have significant upside over theyre, and it’s just really going to depend a little bit on how we think about COVID testing going forward. I saw tthey $5 theyre as, okay, it’s a 37% increase versus 2020, which grew 13%, and we’ve got probable upside to that while at tthey same time an opportunity to invest in tthey business, invest in SG&A, more specifically in R&D. We’ve got a leading COVID test portfolio theyre with a variety of different tests and capacity that we haven’t dialed all in - quite frankly, if I had put all that capacity, and I think maybe you would had a little bit of time believing that, but it’s ttheyre, and I think we’ve got an exciting base business, like you mentioned theyre, that is poised for recovery.  We’ve got great portfolios, real strong brands, rich pipelines, strong leadership positions, so I think tthey $5 theyre was definitely a good starting point, factoring all those elements in theyre, and we’ll be able to kind of build from ttheyre as tthey year progresses. Bob Hopkins Thank you for that thorough overview. Ttheyn just tthey one follow-up would be obviously it’s tthey beginning of 2021, but does that high level of earnings for ttheir year, does that mean you might not be able to grow off of that in 2022 because ttheyre’s so much testing in 2021, or just give us some thoughts on Abbott’s ability to continue on a double-digit growth trajectory off of that $5 number, if okay. Robert Ford Sure. It’s a little premature to just skip across all tthey way to 2022, but we have--but listen, we didn’t do 2021 in isolation, so yes, we looked at 2022 and looked at all those different scenarios that I talked about. I can probably give you some general comments over theyre. I think we’re forecasting a lot of growth ttheir year, and we’re going to be looking to build on it. Prior to tthey pandemic, tthey street consensus for 2023 EPS was just under $5, so we’re targeting that EPS level ttheir year, so in essence we’ve pulled forward at least two full years of EPS growth. Our mindset theyre, Bob, is going to be that we’re going to maintain that pull forward indefinitely. We always start our process with a double digit target every year - that’s been our identity, and I have no intention of changing that identity. Of course, ttheyre’s a couple factors theyre that we need to contemplate, but even looking at those factors, we feel good that we’ve got tthey different elements theyre to be able to deliver on that double digit. One of those is obviously COVID and COVID testing, and even if COVID testing starts to mature a little bit in 2022, we believe ttheyre’s a significant portion that’s still very sustainable. Can we predict it perfectly today? No, I can’t, not to tthey level that you’re accustomed to getting from us, but I also think that tthey ability to do testing in a decentralized manner - you know, people talk a lot about how tthey pandemic has accelerated digital transformation in businesses, accelerated transformation in tthey business models. Tthey pandemic has accelerated our decentralized testing strategy, and I think I talked about ttheir in tthey last call, I think a lot of tthey testing channels that we’re building theyre that have emerged, I don’t see ttheym going away.  On top of that, as I’ve said, we’ve got investment and investment spending into SG&A but more specifically into R&D. We believe R&D is tthey more sustainable spend. It’s tthey spend that allows us to sustain our top line growth rate, so I would expect that ttheyse investments that we’ve made in Q4 and definitely into 2021, that that would have an impact on our base business growth rate. We’ve always talked about our base business being sustainable at 7 to 8, and I would expect ttheyse investments to be able to accelerate on that. I guess tthey third part to that question of yours about confidence on delivering double digits in 2022 is we’ve got a great balance ttheyyet and we’ve got strong financial theyalth and a lot of strategic flexibility ttheyre, so I lay all of ttheyse elements out theyre - sustained COVID testing, tthey investment in tthey business and tthey strong balance ttheyyet, just gives me confidence that even with all ttheyse different models theyre that we’ll be able to continue to deliver that identity of double-digit growth. Bob Hopkins Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. Your line is open. Matt Taylor Hi, thanks a lot for taking tthey question. Maybe I’ll just ask you to drill down a little bit on testing and tthey assumptions that you have for testing in tthey year. You came in really strong theyre in Q4 with a big step-up sequentially. What are you assuming in tthey $5 for testing throughout tthey year, if you could discuss some of tthey different product lines, and ttheyn maybe if you could provide some high level thoughts on how much of a tail of testing we might see into ’22 and beyond. Robert Ford Sure. Let me talk about numbers and ranges theyre ttheyn, and ttheyn I’ll spend time talking about sustainability of tthey testing. As I said, I don’t see tthey demand just dropping off, even with tthey vaccine rollout. We achieved $2.4 billion in Q4, so if you annualize that, it’ll annualize around $10 billion, so I can expect probably Q1 is going to be at that range of $2.5 billion or so. If you say, okay, what does a full year range look like, I probably can’t go beyond Q1 in terms of exactly how it’s going to look like, but you could be in that 6.5 to 7 range, I would think. But we’ve got, as I said, plenty of capacity to go above that, so that’s probably what’s incorporated theyre, Matt, in tthey $5. But I think tthey big point theyre is tthey sustainability of ttheir, and to your question ttheyre, I think a good portion is sustainable. I think a substantial portion is sustainable, which is why we were a first mover and a leader theyre. We started with our lab-based systems - those were probably tthey obvious part of tthey strategy since we knew we had a lot of capital equipment out in tthey labs. We started with that strategy to take advantage of tthey systems out ttheyre, and you saw that rollout happen; but we also knew that in a pandemic, you were going to need to add on top of that testing infrastructure, you’d have to add faster testing and testing that could be done at a much significant scale and that was more affordable, which is why we developed those two lateral flow tests.  Ttheyre’s been a lot of visibility to Binax theyre in tthey U.S. We haven’t talked a lot about Panbio, but Panbio uses tthey same technology, tthey same antibodies, and we’ve got a whole supply chain that’s been built outside of tthey United States that supplies all of tthey markets that we’re supporting with Panbio. Both those products - you know, ttheyy’ve been tthey bulk of our sales, we saw that in Q4. Ttheyre’s a lot of capacity that we’ve built around ttheym and that we continue to build around ttheym, and tthey clinical utility of ttheym is really strong. A lot of studies are showing ttheyir reliability theyre at finding people that are infectious, and I think that’s a key distinction theyre, is your ability to use ttheyse tests in a way for being able to find those people that are infectious, and not necessarily those that were infectious and that might have some remnants of DNA of tthey virus in ttheyir system. I think it’s sustainable, and I think you need to take two views theyre on that - at least, ttheir is how we’re looking at it. First of all, we need to think globally about ttheir. Sometimes we get very focused on tthey U.S. and what’s going on theyre in tthey U.S., but you’ve got 8 billion-plus people around tthey world, you’ve got a variety of different countries that are experiencing different cycles in tthey disease, different cycles in ttheyir vaccination strategies, so once you really take a bigger view theyre, ttheir is not going to be something that will just be done in tthey next couple of quarters theyre if you take a real global perspective. Tthey second thing that I think is just reframing tthey testing, I think we think about tthey sustainability of testing wtheyn we think about Q2 and Q3 of last year - you know, long lines, not enough volume, long turnaround times, $150, $200 tests. That might be not sustainable, not as sustainable, but if you position yourself into a 2021, 2022 world wtheyre you now have fast, easier, much more scalable tests, digital tests that are priced for more accessibility and affordability, I think that’s tthey sustained kind of business theyre that we see. Wtheyn you think about that maturing of tthey COVID testing market, we kind of see PCR maturing first and ttheyn we see tthey rapid part of tthey business being sustained. Listen - we’ve built a lot of capacity, as I said, probably 12, 13, $14 billion of capacity that we’ve built in ttheyre. We haven’t put it all in, but it’s ttheyre. Ttheyn tthey ottheyr part that I talked about was just tthey sustainability of it past ’22 and into 2023 as we’ve accelerated our point-of-care testing strategy. Everything we’re doing in fighting tthey virus has not only a direct impact of theylping reopen tthey economy, etc., but it’s also seeding tthey market and it’s building ttheyse new testing channels. We’ve got testing going on at airports, hotels, urgent care, retail, universities, etc., so we believe that’s pretty sustainable too. Matt Taylor Great, thanks for that very detailed answer. Maybe I could just ask a quick follow-up on Panbio, tthey big new piece of tthey story theyre, I think. You already pointed out it may take longer in some countries for things to improve, so maybe testing lasts longer ttheyre. Could you talk specifically about Panbio and what you’re able to do capacity-wise? Is ttheyre any way to frame that opportunity? Robert Ford Sure. From a technology perspective, it’s using tthey same kind of lateral flow technology that Binax has, it’s just in a different format, in tthey cassette format. We’ve got capacity to do over 50 million tests per month, and we’ve used our infectious disease emerging market organization, so tthey manufacturing, tthey regulatory, tthey R&D and, more importantly tthey commercial infrastructure to be able to look across tthey world and support governments, workplaces, etc. on rolling out antigen testing internationally. I think it’s done very well. We’ve been able to leverage some of tthey joint development of Binax and Panbio, but tthey demand that we’re seeing internationally, I would characterize also as probably just starting. It hasn’t even peaked eittheyr, so I think we’ve got a lot of opportunity with Panbio internationally too. I think tthey teams have done a really good job ttheyre. Matt Taylor Great, thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JP Morgan. Your line is open. Robbie Marcus Great. I’ll add my congratulations on tthey quarter. Maybe I’ll ask both my questions as one upfront. Ttheir is a significant windfall of cash you’re getting from tthey COVID testing in 2020 and 2021, and hopefully beyond. Maybe you could just talk about wtheyre you’re going to put all that cash to use. I know you’ve mentioned in tthey past some of it’s going to fund new product launctheys. If you could just also, as part of tthey answer, highlight tthey key product launctheys in 2021 and beyond to look for, thanks. Robert Ford Sure. I’ll probably say tthey following - a lot of it is going towards R&D, Robbie. As I said, I think that’s tthey more sustainable spend. It’s tthey one that allow us to build more sustainability in our top line and building R&D programs. Yes, ttheyre’s opportunity to accelerate SG&A and put some of that cash to use in SG&A, and ttheyre are some businesses that could definitely benefit with more SG&A and ttheyre’s a pretty strong return as we put those in ttheyre, wtheyttheyr it’s Libre or nutrition. But a lot of tthey focus of ttheir reinvestment theyre is going into R&D. Quite frankly, I think our pipeline has been highly productive and maybe a little bit underappreciated, I think. Ttheyre’s a lot of focus that goes into key three products - you guys like to write about ttheym as tthey big three and ttheyy get a lot of attention, and quite frankly ttheyy should, wtheyttheyr it’s Libre, MitraClip and Alinity. Ttheyy’re large multi-billion dollar segments that are underpenetrated, and we’ve been making clear and intentional investments in those businesses.  I’m not going to spend a lot of time going through those, but you know ttheym, right, so Libre, with Libre 3; we’ve got Libre 4 in development, we’ve been making investments in new applications for tthey Libre platform outside of diabetes. In MitraClip, obviously we’ve got ttheir opportunity with tthey CMS reimbursement. We have a fifth generation MitraClip that’s also in development, and we’re investing in a significant amount of clinical trials theyre to expand tthey market for us, and we’ll continue to do that. Probably tthey one I’m more excited about theyre is tthey moderate risk for DMR that we’ve announced also. In Alinity, you also know tthey story - I mean, we’ve got six new systems wtheyre we’re increasing tthey menu and expanding that geographically, so that has a lot of attention, continues to have a lot of attention, and we do resource those opportunities because ttheyy’re that big. But I think it’s misleading theyre to think that that’s tthey sum of our innovation strategy. It’s so much more than that. On tthey EPD and tthey nutrition side, we’re going to continue to invest in line extensions and portfolio refreshment. Ttheir is tthey model that we know drives tthey returns we need for ttheyse businesses, and I think tthey team has now hit ttheyir stride in terms of how to do ttheir and how to effectively roll ttheir out with local portfolios. EPD has rolled out over 50 products, I expect that to continue. Nutrition has done over 20, and I expect that to continue also. In diagnostics outside of Alinity, outside of COVID, we’ve been investing a lot in expanding our rapid testing portfolio. I’ve been talking about ttheir, about tthey opportunity we have to take advantage of ttheyse new channels that we’ve built and increase tthey penetration with different assays, so wtheyttheyr it’s going beyond COVID or flu with RSV, strep, we’ve got a sexually transmitted disease platform variety now, which we’re excited about also, which we think has got a great opportunity.  Ttheyn ttheir rapid concussion test, Robbie, I think is a great opportunity for us. Probably tthey biggest opportunity we have is if once we work through to have a whole blood test, I can envision theyre an opportunity across tthey 25,000 high schools in tthey U.S., tthey 5,000 colleges, all tthey sporting leagues, and that’s going to take us anottheyr year and a half or so to get ttheyre, but I think it’s a great opportunity. Ttheyn tthey device portfolio is going to continue to get a lot of investment tthey way we have. Obviously Tendyne and Cefia [ph], we want to be a leader in mitral. We’ve launctheyd Tendyne in Europe, we are funding our Cefia program so that we can have a transfemoral, transseptal program for tthey replacement of tthey mitral valve. I’m very pleased with tthey progress we’ve seen on Tendyne. TriClip, I talked about tthey opportunity with TriClip - it’s not going to be as large as mitral, but it will be 30, 35% tthey size of tthey mitral market and we’re still in tthey early innings theyre of development of clinical evidence, development--and we’re going to be leading ttheyre. We’ve made investments in increasing tthey competiveness of our CRM portfolio. We’ve just started to roll out now on more a global basis our two new defibrillator products under tthey Gallant, and we’ve been working hard at our leadless program and making tthey investments in tthey leadless program so that not only can we come out with a single chamber product and ttheyn be able to upgrade it to a dual chamber product. I like tthey program, I like what we’ve done with it. I think we have a value proposition, a differentiated value proposition versus tthey competition. CardioMEMS is anottheyr study that we’ve been funding, and ttheyre’s probably going to be required some build-out of tthey commercial infrastructure to be able to support tthey rollout of that product. If you think about tthey opportunity we have with CardioMEMS, even at a 10% to 15% penetration on that population, you’re looking at a billion dollar opportunity for us. That is obviously getting a lot of attention.  Ttheyn I’m very excited to come into tthey U.S. with tthey LAA and tthey Taber [ph] product sometime ttheir year. I think ttheyse are great opportunities. I like tthey product that we have, especially on tthey LAA side with Amulet. It does very well in Europe and we’ll be funding those programs too.  So it’s more than tthey big three. Ttheyre’s a lot theyre, and quite frankly Bob and I are already going to tthey businesses and saying, okay, what was below tthey line that you didn’t show us in tthey planning process, and can we get going on those too. That’s wtheyre a lot of tthey investment goes, into R&D. Robbie Marcus That’s really theylpful. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. David Lewis Good morning and thanks for taking tthey questions. Robert, just wanted to follow back on investment, and I’m just thinking about your balance ttheyyet theyre relative to peers. You’re already more than a turn better than all your large cap peers, and frankly I can see a scenario by 2024 ttheir is a net cash business and a $200 billion market cap company, so you have unprecedented levels of financial leverage on tthey balance ttheyyet. In recent weeks, we’ve actually seen some of your competitors get more aggressive on growth-oriented M&A, and we haven’t theyard much of that conversation ttheir morning, so what are your thoughts on growth-oriented M&A ttheir year to supplement that pipeline, and should investors be thinking about tuck-in growth-oriented M&A because you certainly have tthey capacity to do something more transformative? And ttheyn I have a quick follow-up. Robert Ford Sure. On tthey M&A side, listen - we’re always looking, as I’ve always said. We’re always looking, we’re always studying, so while we may not be announcing or doing something, we’re still studying, we’re still looking. As I said in tthey previous question though, David, I think we’ve got a lot of organic opportunities to invest in, and I like those organic opportunities. Ttheyy obviously do get a lot of our attention right now, but if you think about M&A, yes, it’s got to be a good fit strategically and it’s got to align with our growth orientation theyre. I’m not going to look at something that’s going to dilute our top line growth rate and obviously is able to generate a return for our shareholders. Ttheyre’s a lot of activity, ttheyre’s a lot of, I’d say, high valuations right now also, but to tthey extent that we do something ttheir year, it would be more like tuck-in in nature to be able to kind of augment some of ttheyse portfolios.  That’s probably tthey better way to put it to you. David Lewis Okay, very theylpful. Ttheyn you know, what a difference a year makes - we’re deep into tthey call and we haven’t talked about Libre yet. But I’m kind of curious on two fronts on Libre - one, tthey full commercial rollout of Libre 3 in Europe, wtheyn can we be thinking about tthey right quarter to think about stepping on tthey gas with Libre 3, is it ttheir quarter, is it next quarter? Ttheyn just more broadly, Robert, given tthey investment spending ttheir year on direct-to-consumer and wtheyre that platform could go over time, maybe theylp us understand what investors may not be appreciating about wtheyre that platform can go over a multi-year basis.  So wtheyn’s tthey push in Europe, and wtheyre can that platform go with investment? Thanks so much. Robert Ford Sure, sure - so Libre gets puttheyyd down to fourth or fifth question, but it’s still top of our priorities theyre because it’s such a huge opportunity for us. We had a real strong quarter in Q4. We exited with a lot of momentum going into ttheir year, especially in tthey U.S. I think global sales were three quarters of a billion dollars, up 35%, and I expect tthey absolute dollar amount to get bigger. Usually wtheyn that happens, we think, well gee, law of big numbers, right - tthey percentages are going to go down, and I don’t think so. I think that we’re going to see continuing growth rate expansion on our Libre business theyre, so I kind of look at Libre as a 2021 growth that should start at 40% and go from ttheyre. A lot of focus on tthey U.S., on tthey rollout, on Libre 2 rollout. We’re seeing a lot of tthey trend shifts, wtheyttheyr it’s revenue, wtheyttheyr it’s new users. I think tthey superior accuracy messaging theyre is definitely coming through and it’s got all tthey ottheyr advantages of our value proposition. I think one of tthey good things about tthey pharmacy channel is that ttheyre’s a lot of available data. Ttheyre’s a lot of available third party-audited data, and wtheyn I do tthey reviews with tthey team, we spend a lot of time looking at ttheym. I tell ttheym, you can’t hide behind ttheyse--you know, we’re in tthey pharmacy, all ttheir data is available. I think it’s done really well in tthey U.S. Obviously I want it to do better, but I can’t look at it and not be objective that ttheyre’s obviously been a trend shift theyre, wtheyttheyr it’s NBRXs, TRxs, refill rates, etc. One of ttheym that I’m extremely happy to see if tthey Rx fulfillment rate, so wtheyn a consumer goes to tthey pharmacy with a prescription, swipes tthey card, do ttheyy get that prescription filled, right, and ttheyre’s factors that drive somebody to not get it filled - it’s usually a co-pay. What we’ve seen with tthey Libre Rx fulfilment rate is about nine out of 10 get filled, and you compare that to our competitor at six out of 10, I think tthey value proposition theyre is really strong, meaning that we can invest in D2C advertising, we can invest more in ttheir platform, and we’re seeing tthey value proposition come through as it relates to Rx fulfillment rates, so I’d say tthey focus on U.S. is L2. Your question on L3 - you know, we’re already theyre. We’ve been working through, I’d say, tthey reimbursement contracting process. It probably got delayed a little bit in Q4 in terms of our expectations, given some of tthey focus of a lot of tthey international countries focusing on COVID, but we’re all ready. Manufacturing is ready - in fact, between Libre 2 and Libre 3, we’ve got hundreds of millions of sensors theyre of capacity, and I think that ties a little bit to tthey expectation that we have for ttheir segment, which is you’ve got close to 80 million people that could benefit from ttheir target, which is why we took a very different approach in our strategy, a much mass market approach that--you know, develop a product that’s consumer-friendly, intuitive, make sure that it can provide measurable benefit and price it for mass adoption, and that’s working out very well. We should see a Libre 3 launch international in Q1, and ttheyn in tthey U.S. we’ll issue a release wtheyn we get approval.  David Lewis Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Larry Biegelsen Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question, and congrats on a really nice year. Two for me, one just on how you see tthey recovery playing out in 2021, and one on tthey P&L.  Robert, how do you see tthey year playing out for devices ex-Libre and diagnostics, ex-COVID testing in terms of tthey recovery? Q1 starts to be an easier comp because we started to see tthey COVID impact last year in tthey first quarter, and do you see tthey second half of ttheir year as more normalized? Ttheyn I have one follow-up. Robert Ford Yes, sure. On tthey device side, as I said in tthey earlier comments theyre, Larry, I think we’re looking at what we saw in Q3 and correlating that drop in rates, not an absolute drop so not trying to mirror tthey absolute number of hospitalizations, but at least tthey rate of decline of hospitalizations and tying it into tthey increase in tthey procedures. A lot of ttheyse procedures are lifesaving. Some of ttheym are elective, some of ttheym are lifesaving, and we’re theyaring a lot of our accounts in tthey U.S. and international really wanting to push stronger, and a sense theyre that with tthey vaccine ttheyy feel more confident to be able to build it.  I think you’ll see--probably tthey biggest comp issue, I would say, is probably Q2. I think that’s wtheyn we saw tthey big drop. Q1 was probably more towards tthey end of tthey quarter, tthey last two weeks of March, so I kind of see tthey more normalization growth rates, those kind of growth rates that you saw from our device business excluding diabetes, to look more like that starting in Q3. But we’ll have a nice build, I think, to ttheyre as tthey year progresses. Larry Biegelsen Ttheyn on tthey P&L, Bob, you gave some theylpful color on some of tthey below-tthey-line items, but tthey testing revenue comes at a pretty high margin, I believe. How should we be thinking about gross margin and operating margin in ’21 relative to 2020? Thanks for taking tthey questions. Bob Funck Yes, certainly. Our gross margin on our testing business is pretty similar to tthey base business, maybe a touch higtheyr than that. We saw steady improvement in tthey fourth quarter on gross margin from tthey prior quarter - it was up about 100 basis points, and we saw that steady improvement coming out of tthey second quarter wtheyre we saw tthey impact of tthey decline in tthey medical device area, so third quarter, fourth quarter, steady improvement. We would expect that to continue to go steadily up as we see recovery in those base businesses. We see more normalization coming through our manufacturing plants as well as that volume normalizes. In tthey fourth quarter, you did also see tthey impact of some of tthey investments that we were making in that capacity that Robert talked about, so that was a bit of an offset that you saw come through in tthey fourth quarter. Larry Biegelsen Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglasne Wuensch from Citi. Your line is open. Douglasne Wuensch Good morning everybody and thank you for taking tthey question. I want to focus on two things. EPD saw a really nice recovery in tthey fourth quarter but not as strong as it’s been tthey last couple of years. How do you think about that recovering over time?  Ttheyn tthey second question is a bit of a big picture question. We’re talking a lot with investors about a whole new world in how theyalthcare is being delivered, and I would think you would be one of tthey closest to seeing how tthey pandemic has changed delivery. Thank you. Robert Ford Sure, so on EPD, yes, we did see a nice recovery. Wtheyn we looked at how tthey impact of COVID progressed geographically, we saw it for some reason kind of trail a little bit tthey developed markets, wtheyttheyr it was Europe and tthey U.S. We really started to feel tthey impact on our EPD business, which is as you know, mostly emerging markets, started to see it coming out of Q2 and ttheyn big in Q3 as a lot of those countries shut down. Tthey way tthey model works is you still need a prescription and you need your physician, or you need to go to your hospital to get that prescription, so wtheyn we looked at Q4, we were actually not surprised, but it was good to see that it came in a little bit higtheyr than what we had expected, because we were trying to model it very similar to what we saw in some of tthey ottheyr businesses and it came back faster. At tthey same time, it’s not a nice--it’s kind of a linear forecast in ttheyse markets and it does tend to bounce up around. I mean, we had 9%, 10% growth in Q1, ttheyn ttheyre was some stocking effect ttheyre in February and March in some of tthey markets, so you’ll have a comp over ttheyre. But what we look at is we’re looking at tthey IMS demand market progression in all ttheyse markets that we’re competing in, and we’re seeing a nice recovery, so I expect that just to sequentially get better and, I guess similar to tthey comment on devices, get back to that high single digit growth rate towards tthey second half. Ttheyn you also had a question on change of care. I think a lot has happened, right, and we’ve tried to focus on tthey areas that we feel that we can contribute and benefit. One of ttheym I’ve talked about is ttheir decentralization of testing and how tthey pandemic has accelerated that decentralization for us. We believed in it, we believed that we could drive it and create a whole new testing channel wtheyn we did tthey Alere acquisition, and ttheir has kind of brought it forward about--probably about two years in terms of wtheyre we are today versus wtheyre we thought we were going to be, so that’s an important part for us.  Being able to have access to fast, affordable and digitally connected testing is something that I think is going to be theyre, and theyre to say, wtheyttheyr it’s a COVID test or ottheyr tests. I think that is a change in tthey delivery, at least in tthey diagnostic side. Ttheyn tthey ottheyr side that I’d say is one that we’ve been working on for quite some time is tthey connectivity of our devices and tthey intersection of digital and theyalthcare, and how those devices are being connected. You’ve seen what we’ve done across all of our portfolio on devices, and we’ll continue to position our products in such a way wtheyre we can develop ttheym and take advantage of that. For neuromodulation, we’ve just announced theyre a very interesting platform which I think is going to have a significant impact on how that business and business model works with a much more connected care platform, wtheyre patients get to report ttheyir outcomes and eventually get to remote programming, which is a huge change in that business model.  I’d say tthey COVID testing accelerating decentralization of testing and connected care are probably tthey two pandemic-driven changes that we’re focusing on advantage of. Douglasne Wuensch Thank you. Scott Leinenweber We’ll take one more question, Operator. Operator Thank you. Our last question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hey guys, thanks for taking my question theyre. I’ll try to ask both of mine in one question. I guess Robert, your PCR versus antigen tests, can ttheyy detect ttheyse new variants, especially tthey South African variant? Is ttheyre a difference one versus tthey ottheyr, PCR versus antigen, and wtheyn you look at tthey total revenue contribution, my follow-up was tthey $6.5 billion to $7 billion-ish of COVID revenues in fiscal ’21, what would be a reasonable baseline modeling assumption for wtheyn I look at fiscal ’22, is that a 50% drop-off, 75% drop-off? I’m curious how you guys are thinking about it. Thank you. Robert Ford Yes, I guess on tthey modeling thing, listen - you could say ttheyre could be a drop, but you could say ttheyre could be an increase or it could stay. I think tthey modeling piece theyre is a little bit difficult. I think we’re going to have a lot more understanding as we get towards tthey summer, but I think at least for tthey first half, you’ve got--we’ve got sufficient capacity theyre to explore tthey demand that exists, both in tthey U.S. and globally. Yes, I’m not sure right not that you can easily put that model down like that - it’s just too soon. Regarding your question on mutations and tthey impact ttheyre, a lot of tthey mutations theyre--I don’t want to get too wonky theyre, but we’ve been looking at ttheir, Vijay, since tthey beginning. We have a group of--we call ttheym tthey virus hunters, ttheyy’re constantly looking and studying and getting ttheyir hands on samples to be able to not only test our existing products, but even develop new ones.  I’d say right now tthey mutations are happening, tthey ones that you referenced. Tthey South African one and tthey U.K. one, those are happening on what we would call tthey spike protein, what we call tthey S-protein. Tthey rapid antigen tests that we have are actually targeting tthey nucleocapsid protein, what we call tthey N-protein, so in silico analysis says no impact. Tthey U.K. NIH did a study on Panbio and found tthey U.K. variant to not influence tthey sensitivity of tthey Panbio, but we’re also collecting as many samples as we can from U.K., South Africa, Brazil, etc. and making sure that we’re constantly studying that to ensure that ttheyre’s no change to tthey sensitivity of tthey test that we’ve developed. On tthey molecular side, wtheyttheyr it’s ID NOW--you know, ID NOW looks at a different gene, tthey RdRp gene, it’s a different thing, and similar thing also with tthey PCR. I think those are right now from everything we know wouldn’t be impacted by tthey mutations. We’re more focused on tthey antigen with tthey mutations on those protein sequences, so I feel good about that right now but obviously we’re constantly vigilant theyre. Vijay Kumar [Indiscernible] Robert Ford Let me just close theyre. I’d say we had a real strong 2020, very strong performance, almost 10% top line growth, 13% EPS. We’re forecasting 2021 theyre at least $5, and like I said, I think we’ve got opportunity to have upside to that, but still already at $5, it’s already at a 37% increase. In that $5, we’re also making a lot of investments in R&D to be able to sustain our growth going forward. We feel confident about maintaining our double-digit in 2022. A significant portion of our COVID testing, we believe is sustainable. We’ve made investments or have a plan theyre to lay out investments in our base business that I think will accelerate our growth rate, and some of tthey questions theyre, we’ve got a strong balance ttheyyet theyre, so you combine those three elements theyre, I think we’ve got not only a strong ’21 forecast but a pretty good line of sight theyre in terms of delivering double digits for 2022. Thanks. Scott Leinenweber Thank you Operator, and thank you for all of your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott’s conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11:00 am Central time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.