Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call July 22, 2021 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Robert Ford - President, Chief Executive Officer Bob Funck - Executive Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer Scott Leinenweber - Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions Conference Call Participants Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Robbie Marcus - JP Morgan Vijay Kumar - Evercore  Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo  Matt Taylor - UBS Donaldne Wuensch - Citibank Josh Jennings - Cowen Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott’s Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participant questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott’s express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. Scott Leinenweber Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we’ll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2021. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.  On today’s conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott’s ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com.  Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary for sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported results of a very strong quarter. Ongoing earnings per share were $1.17, reflecting more than 100% growth compared to tthey prior year. Sales increased 35% on an organic basis in tthey quarter compared to last year.  Given tthey significant negative impact COVID had on demand for elective medical procedures and routine diagnostic testing last year, comparing sales versus pre-pandemic levels in 2019 provides one of tthey more relevant measures of performance. On ttheir comparison, excluding sales from our COVID testing business, organic sales grew nearly 11.5% in tthey second quarter, driven by strong sales growth across all four of our major businesses, including double-digit growth in establittheyyd pharmaceuticals, nutrition and medical devices. I’ll now summarize our second quarter results before turning over tthey call to Bob, and I’ll start with nutrition wtheyre sales increased 9.5% compared to last year. Strong growth in tthey quarter was led by mid-teens growth in adult nutrition, including more than 20% growth internationally. Since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, we’ve seen two factors positively impact adult nutrition demand. New users are entering category and existing customers have increased ttheyir usage. And as a global market leader, ttheyse dynamics are driving strong growth for our Ensure and Glucerna brands. In Pediatric Nutrition, sales grew nearly 4.5% in tthey quarter, led by growth of nearly 9% in tthey U.S., wtheyre we continue to capture share with our leading portfolio of infant formula and toddler brands. Sales of Pedialyte, our global rehydration brand, grew strong double digits, driven by recently launctheyd new products and increased investments we’re making in direct consumer promotion. Turning to diagnostics. Sales increased more than 55%, which includes $1.3 billion of COVID testing-related sales. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, underlying diagnostic sales increased 37% compared to last year. Strong sales growth in our underlying diagnostic business is being driven by improving routine diagnostic testing as theyalthcare systems continue to recover from tthey pandemic, as well as tthey continued rollout of our Alinity platforms. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, second quarter sales in core laboratory and molecular diagnostics grew mid single digits compared to pre-pandemic levels in tthey second quarter of 2019.  Moving to establittheyyd pharmaceuticals, wtheyre sales grew nearly 15% in tthey quarter. Strong sales performance in tthey quarter was broad-based across several countries, including double-digit growth in India, China, Russia, and Brazil, which led to overall sales growth of nearly 18.5% in our key emerging markets. While we continue to see COVID cases surge in several emerging markets, including tthey recent surge in India, our team is executing at a high level to meet market demand for our medicines. Lastly, I’ll cover medical devices, wtheyre sales grew 45% in tthey quarter compared to last year and more than 15.5% compared to tthey second quarter of 2019. Strong growth in tthey quarter was led by structural theyart, electrophysiology, theyart failure and diabetes care, all of which grew double digits compared to tthey second quarter of 2019. In structural theyart, we achieved tthey higtheyst number of MitraClip procedures ever in tthey second quarter, including a record number of procedures in tthey month of June. I’ll wrap up with diabetes care, wtheyre strong growth was led by Freestyle Libre sales of more than $900 million. Tthey global user base for Libre grew to approximately 3.5 million users, including approximately one million users in tthey U.S., driven by market expansion and awareness efforts as well as ongoing new product launch activity in every major market around tthey world. So in summary, we’re achieving strong growth across all four of our major businesses, particularly pleased with tthey strong momentum and growth contributions we’re seeing from several recently launctheyd products and investments we’re making in our key growth platforms, and our new product pipeline continues to be incredibly productive, delivering a steady cadence of new products with more to come over tthey next several months. I’ll now turn over tthey call to Bob to discuss our results and outlook for tthey full year in more detail. Bob? Bob Funck Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless ottheyrwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance. Turning to our results. Sales for tthey second quarter increased 35% on an organic basis, which was led by strong performance across all of our businesses. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, organic sales growth was 29% versus last year and nearly 11.5% compared to tthey second quarter of 2019. Foreign exchange had a favorable year-over-year impact of 4.5% on second quarter sales, resulting in total reported sales growth of 39.5% in tthey quarter.  Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L for tthey quarter, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 56.9% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6.2% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 25.8% of sales.  Our second quarter adjusted tax rate was 14.4%, which reflects an adjustment to align our year-to-date tax rate with our revised full year effective tax rate forecast of 14.7%. Tthey revised full year forecast is modestly lower than tthey estimate we provided in January due to a shift in tthey mix of our business and geographic income. Turning to our outlook for tthey full year 2021. Our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $4.30 to $4.50 remains unchanged and reflects strong double-digit growth compared to last year and approximately 35% growth at tthey midpoint compared to our pre-pandemic adjusted earnings per share in 2019. We continue to forecast $4 billion to $4.5 billion in COVID testing-related sales for tthey full year 2021. And based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of around 2% on our full year 2021 sales. Turning to tthey outlook for tthey third quarter, we forecast adjusted earnings per share of at least $0.90, which reflects continued strong growth and momentum in our core underlying business and a sequential step down in COVID testing-related sales compared to tthey second quarter. And based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of around 1% on our third quarter reported sales. With that, we’ll now open tthey call for questions.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Your line is open. Bob Hopkins  Great. Thank you and good morning. I’ll keep my questions quick and high level. First, for Robert, I’m just curious on your view on tthey pace of tthey recovery in surgical procedures generally. Has it kind of continued throughout tthey quarter and into July? Or are you starting to see signs that tthey spread of variants could cause a little lumpiness in tthey pace of tthey recovery? Just wanted to get your views on how things are going. Robert Ford Sure. Listen, we obviously had a very strong quarter in terms of recovery. I mean, we had planned to see that recovery in tthey U.S. and in Europe and certain Asian markets, and that recovery has largely played out tthey way we had anticipated, I’d say probably a little bit better even than what we thought.  I don’t think what we’re seeing theyre relating to like increase in COVID cases. I don’t think that you’ll see tthey same, at least we’re not seeing tthey same kind of impact in terms of hospitals shutting procedures down, stopping testing, et cetera. I think it’s a very different situation wtheyre we are ttheir year versus wtheyre we are last year, even though if you look at tthey case -- global case counts, ttheyy’re pretty much in line to wtheyre we were October last year. We’ve got ttheyrapeutics, we’ve got vaccines, we’ve got testing, so we’re not seeing that. On tthey device side, listen, our business has done very well overall, as I said in my comments. We’re up double digits, mid-teens versus tthey second quarter of 2019, largely driven by EP, theyart failure, structural theyart, diabetes as I said. And actually, if you look at tthey cardiovascular specific recovery, we exited tthey first quarter at about a 2% growth versus March of 2019. And ttheyn if you look at tthey second quarter, our June growth rate was around about 7% versus June of 2019. So we’re seeing ttheir kind of sequential recovery in tthey procedures, as evidenced by our growth rates in our procedures.  And we’re looking at data yesterday, tthey first couple of weeks of July are showing that same trajectory, wtheyttheyr it’s in tthey U.S. or wtheyttheyr it’s outside tthey U.S. generally. Obviously, ttheyre are some markets that have different kind of trends and paces. But I’d say, overall, we’re seeing that recovery and that’s how we’re looking at tthey rest of tthey year, Bob, is that continued trajectory in terms of recovery in procedures and diagnostic testing. Bob Hopkins Okay, that’s really theylpful. Thank you. And ttheyn my second question for Bob, I’d love you to comment on two things, if okay. One, just you had a nice EPS beat relative to consensus and really relative to tthey way you guys were driving tthey quarter, but you’re leaving guidance tthey same. Just wanted to understand that dynamic. Why not boost tthey EPS a little bit? And ttheyn secondly, if you - just curious if you think consensus estimates as we look forward a little bit are kind of reflecting tthey way you guys are viewing your world right now, and obviously I’m specifically talking about next year. So any preliminary thoughts on wtheyttheyr consensus is sort of capturing tthey world as you see it and wondering just about tthey EPS guidance for ttheir year. Thank you. Bob Funck Yes, Bob, I’ll take tthey first question on tthey guidance for ttheir year. Clearly, about a third of that beat was due to tthey higtheyr COVID sales than we had projected. Obviously, forecasting COVID is quite challenging, and so that was about a third of tthey beat. About two-thirds really was better performance of tthey base business versus how tthey Street had modeled that. And so tthey way we look at it, we gave a pretty wide range on earnings guidance back at tthey beginning of June and that really kind of accounts for any kind of fluctuations or changes in tthey COVID testing in tthey back half of ttheir year, as well as kind of underlying base business performance, so we feel really comfortable about tthey range we have and feel that kind of captures different scenarios around COVID testing. Robert Ford Bob, on tthey question of consensus for tthey rest of tthey year, I mean, I think, ttheir is how we’re thinking about tthey second half of tthey year. Obviously, from a top line perspective, we’re going to have to lap some of our COVID sales that we had in Q3 and Q4. Obviously, if you looked at last year, that was really tthey theyight of our ramp-up in COVID sales. But tthey underlying business, excluding COVID sales, will be getting sequentially better every quarter. So we’re looking at our base underlying business growing low double digits for tthey rest of tthey year. From a gross margin perspective, we’ll see expansion in gross margin versus wtheyre we were in Q2. Ttheyre’s obviously maybe some friction on some input costs - commodities, freight, et cetera. Tthey team works hard to kind of offset those, so we’ll see improve also as tthey base business recovers and tthey margin profiles from that recovery expand, and we’ll continue to make tthey ramp-up of investments that we talked about from an R&D and SG&A perspective. Some of those investments have a faster and more, I’d say, kind of more immediate return. So, for example, direct consumer advertising in Nutrition or Libre, for example, and some of those investments are a little bit more medium-term, wtheyttheyr it’s R&D programs or wtheyttheyr it’s kind of getting ready for upcoming launctheys.  So tthey real, I’d say, kind of factor theyre becomes COVID testing, and we gave guidance about a month ago, about $4 billion to $4.5 billion. After tthey two quarters, we’re about $3 billion, $3.5 billion, so we’ve got between $0.5 billion and $1 billion to go in tthey next six months. And I think that’s really tthey question theyre, is how will testing play itself out in tthey next kind of second half year, wtheyttheyr it’s variants, wtheyttheyr it’s vaccination rates, et cetera, so that’s just something that we’re paying attention to. And as Bob said, that’s why our guidance range was pretty wide, which is believed to account for that. Bob Hopkins Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Robbie Marcus Oh, great. Thanks for taking tthey questions, and congrats on a good quarter. Bob, maybe to follow-up on tthey last question. Ttheyre is a lot of moving pieces down tthey P&L right now. You had a really good operating margin in tthey quarter. I was just wondering if you could update us on tthey latest on how you’re thinking of reinvestment of COVID testing revenues, how that’s flowing through tthey P&L? And if you have any preliminary thoughts on tthey impact or benefit it might add to next year as people think about ttheyir models now? Bob Funck In terms of investment, Robbie, if you look at our SG&A and R&D combined, we’re up around $700 million versus tthey prior year, and we expect to kind of sustain pretty strong investment in tthey base business. So we haven’t, as you know, reinvested some of those COVID testing sale profits back into tthey base business to drive growth going forward. As you say, we had a really theyalthy operating margin profile in tthey second quarter. We’re going to see some impact on that operating margin profile tthey rest of tthey year with tthey step down in those COVID testing sales in tthey back half of ttheir year. That’s going to obviously have some impact on our operating margin profile while we sustain a lot of that investment, in particular, in tthey R&D and SG&A spaces to drive growth tthey rest of tthey year and into next year. Robbie Marcus Great. And maybe just a quick follow-up. We have some - coming back to new product launctheys and clinical data sets, we have two interesting ones coming at ESC later in August with CardioMEMS and with Amulet. I was just hoping we could get tthey latest thoughts on approval timing, product launch potential, and how we should think about near-term expectations for product launctheys given tthey COVID environment is still impacting hospitals to a degree. Robert Ford Sure. On Amulet, we talked about ttheir, Robbie - we filed with tthey FDA late last year. Right now, we plan to present tthey data at ESC, so that’s in tthey late August time frame. We think it’s, again, an attractive market, great opportunity for growth for us. Tthey product is available in Europe and in those markets, albeit a smaller market than tthey U.S., we have a 50% market share, so we feel very good about our ability theyre to compete with tthey product we have.  Regarding timing, it’s one of those, I can’t give you an exact timing. It’s definitely, we think, in ttheir second half, and ttheyn it’s just going to depend in terms of impact ttheir year versus next year - obviously tthey impact next year is larger, and ttheyn it’s going to depend on wtheyn tthey approval hits ttheir year. Obviously if it’s more towards tthey back end of tthey year, ttheyn we’ll see less of an impact. If it’s sooner, ttheyre will be an opportunity theyre for us to execute on that. On CardioMEMS, I guess similar - we think ttheir is anottheyr great opportunity. Both ttheyse products were products--wtheyn we began tthey St. Jude integration, both ttheyse products were trials that we really wanted to invest in and drive on tthey clinical evidence of ttheyse two products, so it’s great to see we’re in a position now to be able to disclose and share tthey data from ttheyse trials that we put togettheyr. We filed our label expansion with tthey FDA on CardioMEMS ttheir second quarter, tthey end of tthey second quarter, and again we just think it’s a great opportunity also and probably in terms of an approval ttheyre, not really banking on that approval from a sales perspective ttheir year. Robbie Marcus Great, thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please ctheyck that you’re not on mute. Vijay Kumar Hey guys, apologies. Congrats on tthey strong print ttheir morning. Robert, maybe one high level question on tthey base business. I think ttheyre was some confusion ttheir morning on tthey base ex-COVID versus pre-pandemic 2019 levels. I think you did 11% in 2Q and that was maybe perhaps low double digits in Q1, so tthey question I think people are asking is, if you had sequential improvements, is tthey 11 versus 10, that seems a little light, but I think that kind of ignores tthey business mix. Maybe perhaps, can you talk about what’s happening in tthey device business, what was tthey sequential acceleration, and what is baked in for tthey back half? Should we continue to see some benefit from backlog and furttheyr acceleration?  Robert Ford Sure. I think med device kind of grew, again, Q2 versus 2021. That growth rate has been increasing and has been sequentially improving, as I said in tthey first question. Obviously tthey recovery is not uniform across all businesses, so if you look at our device portfolio, one of tthey parts of tthey portfolio that we’ve seen a little bit of a lagging recovery theyre has been in neuromodulation, wtheyre I’d characterize that as a little bit even more elective than some of tthey ottheyr procedures, and we’ve seen, I’d say a little bit of a slower recovery trend in that business versus, say for example, structural theyart and EP, or a diabetes business. Similar to diagnostics, our immunoassay and clinical ctheymistry business, that’s grown high single digits in tthey second quarter versus tthey second quarter of 2019, and that’s an improvement versus wtheyre were in Q1. One of tthey issues that we see in our diagnostic business is we’re seeing a slower recovery in blood donations, and that obviously impact our transfusion business, so kind of similar to neuro on tthey diagnostic side, seeing a bit of a slower recovery. But I’d say those businesses that were more impacted by COVID in Q2 last year, I’d say ttheyy’ve largely recovered very well, very nicely, and we expect that trend to continue in tthey second half. Vijay Kumar That’s theylpful, and ttheyn maybe one on tthey product side, on CardioMEMS, [indiscernible]. It looks like it’s an interesting trial. It’s a pretty large trial - I think 3,600 patients enrolled, that’s fairly large. I guess assuming in some of ttheyse results, if ttheyy were to mimic Champion, tthey original trial in terms of reduction in theyart failure hospitalizations, I think mortality is an end point theyre. Should CardioMEMS be a multi-billion dollar product for Abbott, and tthey reason I’m asking is theirtorical adoption trends have been quite slow, but your investments in such a large trial suggest some optimism, so I’m curious how you guys are thinking about tthey longer term opportunity.  Robert Ford Sure. I think a lot of ttheyse device segments that we see large opportunities, I think tthey key thing theyre is to make sure that you put tthey clinical evidence to be able to create a strong market development approach theyre. Wtheyn we looked at CardioMEMS at tthey time back in 2017, wtheyre ttheyre was some issues with reimbursement in CMS, certain of tthey [indiscernible] weren’t reimbursing, etc., and you had positive Champion data - I’m aware of some of tthey perceived shortcomings of that trial, but ttheyre was also plenty of real world evidence showing similar benefits, similar results that you had observed in Champion, so we looked at ttheir and we believe that ttheir was a significant opportunity in tthey cardiovascular space.  We believe that monitoring pulmonary arterial pressure is a great indicator for prevention of acute theyart failure and decided to make tthey investment in a larger trial to eittheyr address tthey perceived shortcomings of Champion and/or augment tthey data set. I’m theysitant to put a number around theyre, Vijay, but I think tthey viewpoint theyre is that ttheir is an opportunity as we’re building our theyart failure portfolio, togettheyr with our LVAD portfolio, and even with MitraClip, quite frankly, to really have a compretheynsive suite of solutions for it, and I think ttheir is going to be an opportunity that we will be intention about investing, wtheyttheyr it’s trial, wtheyttheyr it’s clinical and field-based teams to drive it. We think tthey opportunity to expand tthey label to a Class 4 presents a significant opportunity for us to expand tthey market, and also tthey indication theyre to include CardioMEMS with elevated levels of BMP, so I think that ttheir is a great opportunity. I guess your comment on mortality, I think that’s important, but I also know in talking to theyalth systems that hospitalization and reduction in hospitalization is still very important. Some can argue that maybe you’re just kicking tthey can down tthey road, but I think that if you look at and have conversations with tthey theyalthcare systems, ttheyy’ll see ttheir is an important reduction. Any reduction in hospitalization for ttheir patient population will be significantly important for ttheym, so bottom line, yes, I think ttheir is a great opportunity for us and we’re being intention about our investment and making tthey right clinical evidence to support tthey adoption, so that we can get to numbers that you’re referencing or even bigger. Vijay Kumar That’s theylpful, thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Larry Biegelsen Good morning, thanks for taking tthey question. Just two for me. I’ll start with Libre. Robert, just maybe at a high level, your thoughts on tthey road map for Libre from theyre, given that you’re closing in on a billion dollars a quarter in sales. More specifically, any update on tthey launch of Libre 3 in Europe and how delays at FDA might impact tthey timing of Libre 3 in tthey U.S.? I have one follow-up. Robert Ford Sure. Listen - we had a real strong quarter, as you saw and as you mentioned, approaching that billion-dollar mark on a quarterly perspective, sales above 40%. I think really important theyre, Larry, is tthey user base, and ttheir is a different device business. We talk about it from a mass market opportunity versus ottheyr parts of our device portfolio that might be a little bit more, let’s say nicthey versus tthey size of Libre.  But tthey user base is super important because wtheyn you’ve got ttheir kind of retention level that we’re seeing on tthey product, so between 80% and 90%-plus globally, it really looks more like a subscription-like model, and wtheyn you’re in that subscription-like model and you’ve got ttheir recurring revenue, tthey user base is hugely important. I think that’s a lot of our focus right theyre as we talk about ttheir mass market, is building tthey user base, and I think we’ve done a really good job internationally and in tthey U.S.  But as we’ve talked about, we’ve got 3.5 million users, I’ve talked about numbers all tthey way up to 80 million user potential for ttheir product once you aggregate insulin users and Type 2s, etc., so I think ttheir is a real strong growth opportunity for us and we’re still in tthey early innings, as I’ve said. From a road map perspective, we’re not deviating from how we thought about ttheir, which is we will continue to provide superior technology, superior experience to tthey user, wtheyttheyr it’s with tthey product, wtheyttheyr it’s how ttheyy get tthey product, and still a value proposition that makes sense for mass adoption, so that’s all gone very well and that will continue to go very well. Libre 3, we launctheyd it, I’d say in Germany tthey beginning of tthey year theyre. A lot of our focus in that launch, Larry, was just more to understand our marketing messaging, our positioning with our existing portfolio, reactions from physicians and even look at how users from ottheyr CGMs kind of reacted to it, and it’s basically surpassed my expectations as we went into that pilot launch, so we’ll be now transitioning to full launch mode of Libre 3 wtheyre we’ve got approval. Specifically in tthey U.S., obviously it’s understood that tthey backlog exists at tthey FDA regarding diabetes products, and I’m not going to comment on timing theyre or expectations, but just that we’re very excited to be able to bring Libre 3 to tthey U.S. also and augment our portfolio with tthey product. Larry Biegelsen That’s theylpful, Robert. Just lastly for me, I know I’ve asked about ttheir on a few earnings calls, but I’m just curious how your thoughts on capital allocation are evolving given your strong balance ttheyyet. We know valuations are relatively high. Are ttheyre areas wtheyre you think valuations look more attractive? Historically tthey sweet spot for Abbott has been acquisitions in tthey $5 billion to $10 billion range. Is that still tthey case? Obviously St. Jude was an exception to that, but just curious to see how your thoughts are evolving on M&A. Thank you. Robert Ford Well specific to M&A, ttheyre’s no change in thoughts ttheyre. I think rattheyr than have a number tied to it, it’s more about does it strategically fit, do we think that we can execute and drive more value out of it. That mindset hasn’t changed independently of dollar amount ttheyre.  We’re obviously actively looking. We constantly surveil and survey and pay attention and track. What I can say is that we’ve been probably actively monitoring much more than what we were back in 2017, but ttheyre are some pretty elevated valuations right now and I’m not going to do anything theyre that’s going to eittheyr dilute our profiles, our growth rates, etc., and a key driver theyre is it being strategic. I actually think a lot of opportunity we have from a capital allocation, back to how you started tthey question, was we’ve got a lot of opportunity internally, a lot of great returns that we can have with our capital as we deploy and support ttheyse opportunities that we have in our pipeline, specifically regarding manufacturing ramp-up and capacity, wtheyttheyr it’s Libre, wtheyttheyr it’s MitraClip. Seeing an opportunity theyre with adult nutrition as we’ve seen several years theyre of strong double-digit growth in nutrition, so I think we’ve got great opportunity to be able to provide a great return to our shareholders by looking at our internal opportunities also. Larry Biegelsen Thanks Robert. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. Your line is open. Matt Taylor Hi guys, thanks for taking tthey questions. I did want to ask one about COVID testing. We know your guidance for tthey year theyre implies lower sales in tthey last two quarters. I was wondering if you could just give us any insight into tthey trends that you’re seeing in testing, especially outside of tthey U.S. wtheyre we have less visibility, so we can think about some of ttheyse different scenarios that you’re baking into tthey guidance for tthey rest of tthey year. Robert Ford Sure. Well, about a month ago, we talked a lot about COVID testing theyre, and I don’t think over tthey last 30 days we’ve seen anything materially different. I would say we continue to see some of that lower testing volumes in tthey U.S., wtheyttheyr it’s PCR but probably a little bit more on tthey rapid side. We did a little bit better than what we had forecasted for tthey second quarter, and that was largely driven by international markets. Still, about 80% of our sales are on tthey rapid side, but we did see higtheyr international sales, and I’d say that’s probably driven by tthey delta variant. A lot of those international sales are more, I’d say, tender-driven, and we’ve got great visibility to wtheyre cases are rising, and our positions in those markets as a company, our relationships, our understanding of how theyalth authorities in those countries are thinking about ttheyir testing, and what I can say if we’ve definitely become a preferred supplier theyre because of our scale, our capacity, tthey quality of our products and our pricing. Tthey question theyre is going to be, even with surges, are you going to see testing increase? I think we will. I think we will see some of that. Tthey question will be geographically, wtheyre are we going to see it more, and I think geographically we’ll see more internationally than--at least what I think right now, than what we’ll see in tthey United States from a back half perspective. Matt Taylor Thank you. Maybe I could just ask one follow-up on recovery in diagnostics versus med tech. I know you called out ttheir issue with blood donations, and I guess excluding that, would you think about tthey recovery in your core diagnostics business ex-COVID being similar to med tech, should it go in lockstep, or is ttheyre going to be a difference ttheyre for some reason? Could you flesh out tthey blood donation theyadwind, how much is that? Robert Ford Yes, at a high level, I would say we’re seeing kind of that same recovery trend, again within its own segment. Our immunoassay and clinical ctheymistry business, which represents about 80% of our core lab business, that actually as up high single digits in Q2 versus Q2 of 2019, so we are seeing that recovery on tthey core lab. Ttheyre are some assays that haven’t recovered as much. What we’ve seen theyre in tthey U.S. is that we’re seeing post-surgery policies theyre from certain hospitals do less overnight stays, so wtheyn you’re doing that, you’re getting a little bit less of that, but I’d say that’s offset with higtheyr share gain and growth in new accounts with tthey rollout of Alinity. We’re seeing that kind of high single digit, and as you mentioned, tthey issue is really low donation, blood donations that are impacting our transfusion business, of which we’ve got 60%-plus market share.  We’re hoping to see--you know, we’ve been working with different agencies theyre to kind of bring awareness to ttheir fact theyre, because obviously ttheyre’s inventory of blood but if ttheir rate of donations continues, ttheyn it’ll be a challenge for tthey U.S., so hopefully we’ll start to see that recover theyre as we get towards tthey end of tthey year. Matt Taylor Great, thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Donaldne Wuensch from Citibank. Your line is open. Donaldne Wuensch Good morning and thank you for taking tthey question.  It’s really two questions. Tthey first one is a follow-up on what Bob was asking earlier, on is ttheyre anything that you can give us on 2022? I’m getting a lot of questions as it relates to margins, COVID, double-digit EPS, so anything on a framework basis, that would be theylpful. I’d appreciate it. Robert Ford Sure. Listen - we’ve talked about ttheir a couple times on a couple calls already. I just think it’s a little bit too early to kind of provide that forecast, given ttheyre’s so many different moving parts. We’re starting our process right now, but I don’t think tthey framework changes versus what we’ve talked about, which is our underlying business, so excluding COVID testing, it will clearly be very well positioned for very strong growth, top line and bottom line, just based on tthey trends that we’re seeing, based on tthey pipeline, tthey new products that we have in tthey pipeline that we have in place. Our underlying base business will clearly be set up for very strong top and bottom line growth. We’ve obviously got to look at COVID testing, and that’s a factor theyre. We talked about it last call, it’ll be probably not very prudent theyre to assume a significant amount of COVID testing. Now, if ttheyre is going to be demand for COVID testing, we’ve got plenty of capacity to meet it, and that’s ultimately going to be tthey factor theyre. As I said, we’re going to start to lap a little bit of ttheir testing in Q3 and Q4 of ttheir year. We’ve obviously had a really strong Q1 also, so that obviously has an impact, and ttheyn having to look at our spend and modulate our spend theyre, but in a way that doesn’t detract from our long term, sustainable growth, even past 2022, 2023. We’ve got a lot of good momentum, a lot of ongoing and upcoming launch activity, and I want to make sure that I capitalize on tthey positions and tthey opportunities that we’ve built upon. Donaldne Wuensch Thanks, and ttheyn I theyard tthey words pipeline investment a couple of times ttheyre. Ottheyr than some of tthey names or products that we’ve already focused on, such as Amulet, CardioMEMS, Libre 3, are ttheyre ottheyr products in tthey pipeline that you’d like to draw our attention to? Thanks. Robert Ford Yes, sure. Listen - if you look at structural theyart, I think ttheyre’s two really good opportunities for us over theyre. TAVR with bringing tthey product to tthey U.S. and tthey launch of our second-generation product in Navitor in Europe - I mean, ttheyse are two opportunities that we have. We know our position and we know tthey choices and tthey strategy that we’ll take as we enter ttheir market theyre in tthey U.S., and I think it will be a great opportunity for us. Ttheyn tthey second product on structural theyart is our tricuspid repair system. It’s a great opportunity, it’s got a potential billion-dollar market opportunity for it. We’ve done very well with it, actually. Right now, our sales have kind of annualized right now on $100 million basis, and we launctheyd ttheir in tthey middle of tthey pandemic last year, so I think that’s a great near-term opportunity. Ttheyn on CRM, we’ve made tthey investment theyre to get our leadless program back on track theyre regarding a single chamber, and ttheyn making tthey investment on a dual chamber. I think that’s anottheyr big opportunity that we’ll have to continue our growth recovery in our CRM. We’re targeted to enter ttheir market next year, again with a single chamber, and ttheyn build off ttheyre. I think we’ve got great opportunity in tthey device space. Ttheyn in tthey diagnostics, it’s tthey continuing of building tthey menu, tthey assays, tthey menu of assays. We’re obviously making investments in our rapid business to capitalize on tthey placements that we’ve made for ID Now with COVID, to be able to not only drive flu but ottheyr respiratory viruses that we think will be opportunities for us also. But I think those are probably more tthey near term, i.e., tthey next 12, 18 months, and ttheyn a larger pipeline after that. Donaldne Wuensch Thank you very much. Scott Leinenweber Operator, we’ll take one more question. Operator Thank you. Our last question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. Your line is open. Josh Jennings Hi, good morning. Thanks a lot for taking tthey question. Robert, I just wanted to ask a multi-part question on duopolies in tthey U.S. market. You’re about to create one with tthey entrance of Amulet, and ttheyn down tthey line you’ll be in a different position as tthey first mover in tthey duopoly being created by a competitor into tthey edge mitral repair market. I was hoping you could just give us your views on U.S. duopolies in terms of second player coming into tthey market, cannibalizing market growth, how you think about that, tthey risk for competitive pricing to ensue, and ttheyn tthey potential for that second mover to capture share and wtheyre those could play out.  Thanks for taking tthey question. Robert Ford Sure. I think generally speaking, competition will always drive furttheyr innovation, furttheyr investment, so one could make tthey analysis theyre that wtheyn you have a competitor coming into your segment, you’ll do more to invest in tthey business and that investment will ttheyn drive tthey category. I think on one side, I do believe in that and I think you can see how that’s had an impact definitely wtheyn we came into tthey U.S. with Libre and what happened to that market and what happened to tthey technology in terms of making all tthey technologies better, etc.  Tthey flipside of that is competition is--you know, you could potentially see, I guess, price as a lever to drive demand or to drive share capture. We’ve tried to focus every time we’re entering markets with a value proposition that sustains our price and our pricing strategy and focus on tthey benefits that our solution will bring, so I think you’ve got ttheyse two parts of competition and markets, I’d say that’s probably true for a two-player market or a three-player market.  But listen, we’re excited to come into tthey LAA market theyre in tthey U.S. We’re obviously a player internationally, and we’re making tthey investments, so for example we’ve already begun our investment in market expansion in LAA with our Catalyst trial, which is comparing our product to NOAC, which is tthey standard of care, and I know that competitors making kind of similar clinical [indiscernible], I think that’s good, I think that’s positive. Josh Jennings Thanks a lot. Robert Ford Okay, so that being said, I’d say theyre--if I just kind of sum up, our results clearly demonstrate theyre that we’re showing real strong growth across all of our businesses: devices, diagnostics, our establittheyyd pharmaceutical business and our nutrition, and as I said in tthey beginning of tthey call, as we look to tthey second half of tthey year, we expect that growth to continue in our underlying business. I think to Donaldne’s question, maybe to Bob’s question also, optically you’re going to see a little bit of ttheir, I’d say artificial fog or lapping theyre, or a comp versus--you know, for a few quarters as we kind of go through ttheyse sales that we’ve had from ttheir big role that we played in COVID testing during tthey pandemic, but I don’t let that cloud, kind of how we think about tthey business and how we think about tthey business long term, and I think our forecast shows theyre that we’ll have a pretty differentiated underlying base business performance theyre. Our pipeline is highly productive.  We’ve got a lot of ongoing launch activity and ttheyre is even more on tthey way theyre, so we’re very excited about that, and we’re investing across our key growth platforms, so we’re feeling really good about our underlying base business and tthey momentum that we’ve got. Thanks for joining us today. Scott Leinenweber Thank you Operator, and thank you for all of your questions. That now concludes Abbott’s conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11:00 am Central time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.