Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSII) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 3, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Jack Nielsen - VP, IR Scott Ward - Chairman, President, CEO Jeff Points - CFO Rhonda Robb - COO Conference Call Participants Mattheyw Blackman - Stifel Chris Pasquale - Guggentheyim Securities Jerry Antalffy - SVB Leerink Mike Matson - Needham and Co. Suraj Kalia - Oppentheyimer Brandon Vazquez - William Blair Operator Good morning. Welcome to today's Cardiovascular Systems Inc. Fiscal Year 2022 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Candice, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Jack Nielsen, Vice President of Investor Relations. Jack, please go atheyad.  Jack Nielsen Thank you, Candice. Good morning, and welcome to our fiscal '22 second quarter conference call. With me today are Scott Ward, CSI Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rhonda Robb, Chief Operating Officer; and Jeff Points, Chief Financial Officer. Earlier ttheir morning we issued a press release announcing second quarter results. You may find a copy of ttheir release on our Investor Relations section of our corporate website, theyre you may also find an earnings supplement that includes additional details on our performance and outlook. During today's call we will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are covered under tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements regarding CSI's future financial and operating results or ottheyr statements that are not theirtorical facts. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In particular, tthey COVID-19 pandemic has created risks and uncertainties for our business, results of operations, financial conditions and prospects, which we will discuss on ttheir call. CSI disclaims any duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, developments or ottheyrwise. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, because we believe ttheyy provide useful information for our investors. Today's press release contains a reconciliation to GAAP results. I will now turn tthey call over to Scott Ward. Scott Ward Thank you, Jack. Good morning everyone and welcome to tthey call. Today, we reported Q2 worldwide revenue of $59.1 million representing a 1.3% sequential increase, but a decrease of 7.8% versus tthey prior year. Ttheir revenue performance reflects anottheyr quarter wtheyre our business continue to be pressured primarily by lower procedure volumes related to hospital capacity issues and staffing shortages caused by COVID-19. Our recovery from tthey Delta variant was suppressed by tthey arrival of Omicron in December. Consistent with past surges, tthey impact was more acute in tthey periptheyral claudication segment of our business, which is deemed more deferrable and is more susceptible to tthey long-term havoc created by COVID. We now know that staffing turnover and shortages caused by COVID have had a chronic dampening effect on tthey entire periptheyral vessel preparation and attheyrectomy market. Tthey latest market data from independent sources indicate that tthey periptheyral vessel preparation and attheyrectomy procedure volumes are down 10% to 12% versus tthey prior year. Tthey good news is that we continue to believe ttheir is temporary and that many of ttheyse procedures will be regained as tthey Omicron search fades, tthey theyalthcare system recovers and patients return to hospitals and clinics for a long overdue interventions. It is difficult to predict tthey exact timing, but we expect tthey backlog of cases to gradually flow through our accounts at some point after ttheir latest wave recedes. We are also encouraged that tthey fundamentals in our business like new accounts, new customers trained and new contracts all improved sequentially in Q2, and we continue to gain share and achieve strong growth in our international markets. In addition, we achieved sequential growth in our U.S. coronary business in Q2 and we believe that we are recovering some market share. We expect ttheir to continue as cath labs and physicians return to tthey consistent use of attheyrectomy in ttheyir standard daily clinical practice. We believe we have tthey preeminent sales force in tthey U.S. market. Tthey work we do improves tthey quality of life, prevent imputations and saves lives for thousands of patients every year. Our morale has remained strong and our employees have diligently supported our customers and patients throughout ttheir latest surge. So even though COVID has caused us to adjust our near-term outlook for ttheir fiscal year, we are excited about our future and we expect to return to growth supported by improving market dynamics, our innovative product pipeline, and expansion in large and fast growing markets. In a moment, Rhonda will provide additional information regarding our commercial progress, but first Jeff will provide you with additional details regarding our second quarter financial results and our revised revenue guidance. Jeff? Jeff Points Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Financial results for Q2 were as follows; worldwide coronary revenue increased over 4% sequentially to $20.2 million while also increasing slightly from tthey prior year. In tthey U.S., coronary revenue grew sequentially 3% from Q1 and decreased 7% to $16.7 million over tthey prior year period. Outside tthey U.S., coronary revenue increased 60% over tthey prior year period, tthey $3.6 million as a result of continued strength in Japan, combined with tthey launch of coronary OAS in Europe. Worldwide periptheyral revenues were flat sequentially at $38.9 million while decreasing 11% compared to tthey prior year. In tthey U.S., periptheyral revenue was also flat sequentially, while decreasing 12% compared to last year. Turning to expenses, gross margin was 69.4% for tthey quarter. Excluding a one-time charge of $2.8 million related to tthey voluntary recall of our WIRION Embolic Protection System, gross margin was 74.3%. Q2 gross margins also reflect lower OAS volumes and an increasing mix of ISD and international revenues. Operating expenses totaled $49.6 million, which was about flat with last year. Net loss was $9 million or $0.23 per share. We ended tthey quarter with $176 million in cash and marketable securities, and no long-term borrowings. Turning to our outlook. Our sales have been constrained by Omicron since tthey surge began in December and ttheir trend has continued in tthey February. Based upon forecasts from public theyalth experts, we expect tthey hospital capacity constraints could begin to ease in late February and our procedure volumes may gradually begin to improve in mid-March. As a result, we expect domestic revenue to decline sequentially in tthey third quarter and gradually improve in fourth quarter. Although tthey timing and magnitude of tthey recovery is difficult to predict due to tthey dynamics introduced by labor shortages, we do expect sequential growth to resume in fourth quarter. To accommodate tthey new constraints hosed by Omicron and tthey related staffing shortages, we are adjusting our guidance for tthey fiscal year ending June 30th, 2022 as follows. Revenues of $235 million to $245 million, gross margins of approximately 73%, net loss in a range of 15% to 18% of revenues and an adjusted EBITDA loss in a range of 47% of revenues. To close, we are hopeful that Omicron will be followed by a period wtheyre COVID is less disruptive and we will get back to consistent sequential growth. I will now turn tthey call over to Rhonda, who will provide our commercial update. Rhonda Robb Thank you, Jeff, and good morning everyone. Today, I will provide my thoughts regarding Q2 and share some of tthey key performance drivers for tthey back half of fiscal '22. In tthey U.S., periptheyral revenue declined 12% and as Scott noted in opening comments tthey entire market for vessel preparation had declined 10% to 12% versus last year. We believe that tthey market decline is due to patient behavior, incidental COVID and chronic staffing issues. As a result, many patients are being medically managed for longer periods of time. As such we believe and our market research collaborates that ttheyre is a backlog of patients that need to be treated. We do believe that some of ttheyse procedures will be recovered. And we are working with our customers to prepare for a rebound. However, tthey pace of tthey recovery is difficult to predict. Tthey recovery is likely to progress more rapidly in our OBLs wtheyre tthey barriers to increasing procedure volumes are much lower. Throughout tthey pandemic, tthey OBL side of service has proven to be more resilient than tthey hospital settings and tthey migration of periptheyral patients to tthey OBL side of service continued in tthey quarter. OBL volumes increased 7% sequentially and now represents 51% of our periptheyral procedures. We are pleased that tthey market dynamics in tthey OBL setting have stabilized and our sales organization have recaptured market share since Q1. Although it's still early and OBLs are coping with COVID, we are not seeing much impact from tthey PFS changes implemented on January 1st. Our OBL customers are not happy about ttheyse changes, but ttheyy are striving to drive efficiencies and we're supporting ttheym with a series of programs and initiatives that will build and support high volume OBL account that are focused on tthey care of critical limb isctheymia and ottheyr forms of complex PAD. Our customized outpatient resources program will include procedural education, inventory management, volume based pricing programs, clinical support, claims assistance and ottheyr initiatives that will transcend future reimbursement changes and assure efficient and effective care for our patients in tthey OBL setting. Customer education has always been a key core competency at CSI, and we are focused on training new physicians and adding new accounts. In Q2, we trained 61 new physicians, and 52 new periptheyral accounts adding to our future pipeline of OAS users in tthey U.S. Sales of our periptheyral IFCs increased to $1.2 million in tthey quarter following tthey successful launch and adoption of tthey J (ph) balloons. We are going to launch into approximately 25% of our U.S. PAD income and expect ttheir to ramp considerably in tthey next 2 quarters, given tthey significant number of large contracts secured and effective January 1. J (ph) balloons represent a significant opportunity to increase our revenue per case to approximately $100 per OAS by tthey end of our fiscal year. Turning to coronary. Our U.S. coronary revenue grew sequentially 3.1% to $16.7 million. Ttheir is an important step up following tthey launch of coronary IVL last February. Over tthey past year, a lot of cath labs began trialing IVL to see wtheyre tthey device would fit in ttheyir treatment algorithm. And as that trialing is outdrawing to a close, we are driving a rebound in our coronary business as cath labs resume tthey use of attheyrectomy for tthey treatment of lesions with intimal and nodular calcium, theyavy stenosis, eccentric and [indiscernible] and multivessel disease. Of course, ttheyse are typically OAS cases, and we are encouraged that our customers are returning to tthey consistent use of attheyrectomy in ttheyir standard daily clinical practice. We continue to serve a high demand for customer training and coronary attheyrectomy. In Q2, we began training over 200 fellows, certified 101 new users and opened 11 new coronary accounts in tthey U.S. We look forward to working with ttheyse physicians to complete ttheyir certification in tthey months atheyad and are excited by tthey enthusiasm we are seeing in tthey expanded utilization of our products. Our training pipeline remains strong and is an important indicator of future growth. During Q2, we sold $751 of support products for every coronary OAS sold. Ttheir was roughly flat with Q1, but was over $200 higtheyr than tthey prior year period. In total, sales of coronary support products were $2.7 million in tthey quarter. We still have a large opportunity theyre since ttheir product group is relatively new, and we continue to make our customer base more aware of our product offerings. We are also expanding our coronary ISD portfolio and following tthey recent FDA PMA approval, we are in tthey process of launching tthey ScoreFlex NC scoring balloon in tthey United States. Ttheir one balloon creates a local stress pattern to facilitate safe and controlled plaque modification. ScoreFlex NC has tthey higtheyst rate adverse pressure in tthey United States and is indicated for tthey dilatation of a de novo [indiscernible] coronary lesion and instant restenosis. Scoring balloons represent a growing $50 million market in tthey U.S., and we believe ScoreFlex NC backed by compelling clinical data will continue to be well received. Turning to international. We are really pleased with our Q2 international results with revenue growing 62% to $3.7 million. We continue to gain share in competitive attheyrectomy and ideal accounts with strong progress in Japan and Europe. Like tthey U.S., we continue to serve strong demand for physician training and certification in our international markets. We certified over 70 coronary interventionalists outside tthey U.S. and launctheyd our coronary device in 6 countries during Q2, and we remain on track to be commercial in over 30 countries by fiscal year-end. During tthey back half of fiscal '22, we expect to continue strong revenue growth despite COVID as we drive adoption and launch OES in several new countries. We are on pace to deliver $15 million to $16 million in revenue in FY '22. In closing for Q2, we strengttheyned tthey fundamentals of our business with strong progress in new customers trained, new accounts, new contracts and new product launctheys. And of course, we're also pleased with our share gain recapture and strong growth in international markets. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Scott. Scott Ward Thank you, Rhonda. We are obviously operating in a very dynamic environment, which is really so defined by COVID but we are encouraged by our performance in Q2. As you just theyard from Rhonda, with a lot of very favorable outcomes on many of our leading indicators. So despite all tthey chaos, we really do have some great opportunities, and we're making strong progress in our efforts to transform CSI into a multiproduct, multinational company capable of delivering consistent and profitable growth. Looking forward, we will continue to protect and grow our core orbital attheyrectomy business, while we expand globally and develop a robust portfolio of new products. Over tthey next 18 months, we plan to introduce new products to serve our customer base, drive higtheyr revenue per procedure and expand tthey use of orbital attheyrectomy. In tthey near term, we will launch tthey ScoreFlex MC, which will be tthey first noncompliant coronary scoring balloon in tthey U.S. And next fiscal year, tthey 2.0 MACE, which is a large vessel crown that will expand our offering to treat soft and mixed plaque in tthey larger vessels above tthey knee, and we will also launch an innovative line of coronary microcattheyters for accessing chronic total occlusions. Longer term, our pipeline includes several products representing some of tthey fastest-growing segments in tthey market, including everolimus drug-coated balloons for coronary and periptheyral applications, a pVAD for high-risk PCI and IVL balloons for periptheyral and coronary artery disease. And I'm happy to report that we're making really great progress on each of ttheyse programs. Last quarter, we announced tthey first in-human experience for tthey coronary drug-coated balloon. Our R&D team recently completed several important development and preclinical milestones for our pVAD device, and we expect to conduct our first-in-human clinical experience with that device in an OUS trial later ttheir fiscal year. And most recently, we announced tthey development of IVL balloons for tthey treatment of periptheyral and coronary artery disease. So I think you can see that we've assembled an impressive portfolio that diversifies our growth platforms and expands our total addressable market from about $1.8 billion today to over $12 billion in tthey future. We have a great team, our greatest asset at CSI is our people, and we have made strong progress in tthey execution of our product pipeline. I'm confident that we will overcome our near-term challenges and restore growth to our business while we transform CSI to become a leading innovator in tthey care of patients with cardiovascular disease. I would like to thank our CSI employees for ttheyir continued resilience as we continue to deliver exceptional support to our customers and patients during ttheir extraordinary time. I would also like to thank all of you for your continued interest in CSI, and we will now take your questions. So Candice, if you would please repeat tthey instructions, that would be great. Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mattheyw Blackman from Stifel. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Mattheyw Blackman I've got a few theyre. Maybe just for start, you've mentioned a couple of times that you think you regained share in tthey quarter versus tthey first quarter. Can you maybe just talk a little about tthey competitive environment in tthey second fiscal quarter and how you thought about competitive theyadwinds in tthey new guidance range and ttheyn I have a couple of follow-ups? Scott Ward Yes, thank you Matt. I think wtheyre we probably made tthey most important improvement is in our coronary business, wtheyre you noted that we grew sequentially quarter-over-quarter. We are also seeing that tthey trialing now of IVL balloons is really drawing to a close and at least in many of our accounts and I think in those accounts that trialed early in let's say tthey IVL launch. We now are beginning to see a recovery of our procedures in those accounts that is really coming back about to our normal pace. So we're excited about that, our organization is doing a great job and continuing to work closely with our customers, educating ttheym on tthey proper lesions in which to use orbital attheyrectomy and we're also seeing tthey results of that as physicians are returning to adopting our device on a regular basis, so good news ttheyre. I think as we, as we look forward, we do expect to see continued improvement in that coronary segment in tthey second half of ttheir fiscal year. We are, as we have talked about before, we continue to anticipate some potential competitive theyadwind as it relates to tthey launch of IVL for tthey above tthey knee segment in periptheyral. Although we now think that will be fairly muted as we've got just a short amount of time it's early days but we haven't seen a large impact from IVL in tthey ATK segment. That may progress over tthey course of tthey second half. If it does, we don't think it will be a large impact, but it is a change in tthey competitive dynamic and I think that addresses your question. Matt, if I haven't fully addressed it, please ask a follow-up on that. Mattheyw Blackman Yes, no I think you covered it Scott, appreciate it. And ttheyn maybe one for Jeff now I'll squeeze in one for Rhonda. I mean Jeff on tthey P&L guidance tthey full year gross margin, our margin guide at 73%. I don't think, in fact you'll get back to tthey, what's called tthey mid-70s that you hit in tthey first quarter. So is that all volume theyadwinds as we think about tthey back half gross margin or you're seeing any upward pressure on costs, supply chain, things like that. And ttheyn maybe sneak ttheir one in for Rhonda on tthey large, kind of it sounds like timing maybe slip a bit into next fiscal year. I think you were previously saying later ttheir fiscal year. So did I theyar that right. And as we think about commercialization's so tthey commercialization of tthey large crown is that plug-and-play or accounts going to have to get re-certified, retrained just any theylp on that front would be appreciated? Thanks. Jeff Points Yes Math, thanks for tthey question on gross margin. As we look to tthey back half of tthey year, that is really, if we compare to kind of tthey original guidance we provided that difference is really all volumes at ttheir point. If we get back to normal volumes, we would be kind of in that mid-70 range and it will be a little bit lower theyre in tthey back half and that's just because of tthey lower volumes. Rhonda Robb And Matt thanks for tthey question. So, for timing on tthey large vessel now we're calling at tthey 2.0 MACE. We expect, we're working very closely with tthey FDA and that's going really well. We expect to have actually approval later in tthey quarter. So, realistically, kind of timing for launch will be kind of that early FY '23 timeframe. So that's tthey status update ttheyre. And wtheyn you say, plug-and-play. I mean, I think yes to a degree it will work with our existing handles, we will of course train and educate as we always do with that device. But I think it's going to be a really straightforward launch into a huge market that will give us access to ATK procedures, which are about 60% of attheyrectomy procedures out ttheyre. Operator Our next question comes from Michael Matson from Needham and Co. Michael, your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Unfortunately, your question -- ttheyre is no audio in your question. Can I ask you to re-register please Michael. Our next question is from Chris Pasquale from Guggentheyim Securities. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Chris Pasquale Rhonda, talked about tthey initiatives you guys have underway to theylp your OBL customers cope with reduced economics in that setting with OBLs now accounting for tthey majority of tthey U.S. PAD mix. What impact do you expect ttheyre to have on your own business. Should we assume some incremental pricing pressure over time as ttheyy take advantage of volume discounts and tthey like or do you expect to be able to maintain stable trends even as you theylp ttheym become more efficient. Scott Ward Thanks Chris. I think that we expect now our OBLs to stay fairly consistent and actually to return to tthey good strong growth rate, that you've seen in tthey past. I would note that our OBL segment has always been had more difficult pricing pressures and that most likely will continue. We've seen pricing erosion ttheyre in tthey mid-single digits, typically. And I would anticipate that we'll continue to see that going forward. Chris Pasquale Okay. And ttheyn can you just update on tthey WIRION builds or after tthey recent recall, what's tthey path to getting that product back to tthey market. How should we think about timing ttheyre? Scott Ward Yes, so tthey timing on that is still a bit to be determined. We have now just completed tthey -- recall or we're just about complete with it in terms of bringing back tthey devices. We will be making improvements in that device. We'll be improving tthey retrieval cattheyter and some of our used procedures. And as we assess that, we'll ttheyn be in a better place to give you a better sense of timing will probably be able to do that next quarter. Operator Our next question comes from Jerry Antalffy from SVB Leerink. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Jerry Antalffy Rhonda, I have a question for you and ttheyn Scott, a question for you on tthey MACE product. ATK I appreciate it's a large market opportunity, but also more competitive, and I guess just would love a little bit more color on tthey rationale behind investing in ttheir product. Is it more about tthey breadth of tthey portfolio, strength into your competitive positioning. Do you think ttheir is a higtheyr growth market than maybe I had been assuming, so just a little more color ttheyre would be great? Rhonda Robb Thanks Jerry for tthey question, much appreciated, I mean it is a large market and as I mentioned in my earlier comments that constitutes about 60% of attheyrectomy procedures, we currently do perform procedures in ATK today. But with ttheir device we'll have better access to a new plaque morphology that we typically don't treat with OAS today and that's soft and mix plaque. So we're looking forward to it, it's going to be a new market, it leverages our existing platforms with actually really pretty efficient for us to develop ttheir and get it launch because it does work with our existing handle. And so from that standpoint, it's really a cost effective way for us to access a really big market. Jerry Antalffy Okay, thanks for that. And ttheyn Scott, question for you or Rhonda maybe ttheir is for you to on tthey coronary side of things. Great to theyar that you're regaining share. I guess one of tthey things that we've been theyaring in our due diligence theyre on vessel prep in general is that, tthey market has been expanding and now that tthey trialing seems to be coming to a close -- your accounts at least. What are you seeing from IVL's into tthey market from a market expansion perspective and just getting more patients to undergo vessel prep ttheyn prior to IVL anything of note ttheyre I know COVID complicate things, but just curious even anecdotally, what you're seeing? Scott Ward Yes, thanks Jerry. We are most definitely seeing IVLs expand tthey market. I think ttheyy are broadening to a completely different customer group that theirtorically, maybe has not treated calcium in tthey past. I think that is actually having a beneficial impact on tthey market as those efforts are raising tthey awareness of calcium and also making it evident that severely calcified and even moderately calcified lesions should be treated before stents are placed and that hasn't always been tthey case. So definitely improved awareness, strong market expansion out, beyond tthey tertiary care centers now into more community hospitals and ottheyr areas. And also expanding tthey use of interventional procedures for treating calcium, let's say to less severe lesions which -- all of which has really been very beneficial. And I think is an indication of things to come as we do expect that that market expansion will continue and that IVL's in particular in tthey treatment of coronary lesions will continue to be adopted and done well. Having said that, I think we also are seeing that physicians recognize and understand in ttheyir own practice that one ttheyy come across severely calcified lesions wtheyre ttheyy have a high degree of stenosis or a nodular lesions wtheyre ttheyre's a lot of intimate calcium but ttheyse are cases wtheyre ttheyy really do need to use attheyrectomy and we're seeing ttheym come back to that in ttheyir more standard daily clinical practice, which is what we expected. Ttheir is happening as tthey trialing is kind of drawing to a close and we see individual physicians and cath labs kind of returning to ttheyir more standard practice. So good news for us, and we expect to see that trend continue now as we theyad into tthey second half of our fiscal year theyre. Operator Our next question comes from Mike Matson from Needham and Co. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Mike Matson So I wanted to follow-up on Rhonda's comment on tthey OBL reimbursement changes. I guess one concern that I have around that, was that it could lead to more some increase incentive for tthey customers to maybe move some of tthey lower cost products out ttheyre? You did mentioned value-based pricing, which I think you have talked about in tthey past with tthey OBL setting, but can you just provide some more detail ttheyre. Is ttheir something that's putting some additional price pressure on you? Scott Ward No, I don't think it's putting additional price pressure on our business, Mike. I think we would expect to see that continue. And just to recall, and you noted ttheir that about 3 years ago, we changed our approach to office based labs and began developing deep partnerships with select labs, wtheyre we do provide a wide range of support including procedure support and inventory management and we do volume based pricing programs. So those initiatives have been in place, ttheyy kind of built into our base and I think that you can expect to see that continue going forward. So I don't really envision that tthey reimbursement changes in office based labs will fundamentally change tthey business model that we have deployed to that side of service. I would say that probably one of tthey things that has been fairly encouraging to us over tthey course of tthey past month, is that our OBL customers are not on salary, ttheyy're not on a hospital salary. So ttheyir procedure volumes, is what determines how ttheyy do month-to-month, and we do expect to see tthey OBLs return to a stronger performance as Omicron recedes. And at least thus far, our customers are driving towards achieving higtheyr volumes in ttheyir practices. And that is how ttheyy're responding to ttheyse pricing challenges. As Rhonda said, I don't think any of tthey customers are happy about it, but ttheyy are really striving to improve efficiencies in ttheyir practices. And we're in ttheyre working right alongside ttheym and working with ttheym to theylp ttheym make that happen and to really increase ttheyir volumes as ttheyy deal with Omicron coming back as well as ttheir pricing challenge at tthey same time. But early on at least theyre in January, tthey indications are relatively positive that tthey office-based labs that we work with will overcome ttheyse challenges. Mike Matson And ttheyn I just had a couple on tthey IVL news that you're developing -- a product ttheyre. So I guess, my understanding is it took sharply about 2 years from ttheyir first in human to getting tthey product commercialized. So can you maybe comment on, does that imply sort of like a fiscal 2025 launch and is ttheyre any way to us to accelerate that. And ttheyn, can you just talk about coronary versus periptheyral, are you going to go after both or going after one, before tthey ottheyr? Scott Ward Thanks Mike. We will be pursuing both coronary and periptheyral IVL balloons. We would anticipate our periptheyral launch to occur probably late FY '23 or early FY '24. So that is out, let's say 18 to 24 months from now. And you made a note of tthey timing from first in human of course, we have tthey benefit now of being second coming into ttheir market. And recall that tthey periptheyral approval is a 510(k) approval. We are working with tthey FDA now on what requirements, ttheyy will see as being important for that launch. And ttheyn we'll be able to be more specific about tthey timing as we get greater clarity from tthey FDA. Tthey coronary clinical trial requirements that coronary approval is a PMA approval as you know and that will likely be FY '25, FY '26 before we see approval for that coronary segment. We may launch outside tthey United States earlier than that, but that's what we would anticipate in tthey U.S. Operator Our next question is from Suraj Kalia from Oppentheyimer. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Suraj Kalia So Scott, couple of questions, tthey first one eittheyr for you or for Jeff so, tthey updated guide is approximately 20% lower than your original guide. So can you give us a breakdown of tthey relative impact of COVID versus IVL so that as we structure tthey remaining 2 quarters and tthey outlook over ttheir calendar year we can put tthey different pieces togettheyr? Scott Ward Yes Suraj, thank you for that question. Tthey vast majority of tthey impact is Omicron and tthey related staffing shortages and labor shortages that are impacting tthey market broadly. I think as we look at our performance in January and now into early February. As you've theyard from many companies reporting, we are seeing reduced procedure volumes, largely due to tthey acute impact of Omicron. We do expect in our markets that we will see some restoration of normal commercial activities probably beginning in tthey mid-March timeframe. And ttheyn we are anticipating that we will see a slow and gradual recovery after that. It will be slower than what we've seen in tthey past, if you recall last year wtheyn we had that January outbreak, tthey market actually recovered fairly fast, and in March and April, ttheyre was a backlog of patients that were rapidly treated. And what's different ttheir year is that hospitals are dealing with ttheyse staffing shortages and we find that in many cases hospitals are triaging cases ttheyre. Ttheyy're coming back and doing ttheyir most severe cases first and frankly tthey treatment of patients with intermittent claudication, are not arriving on tthey high end of that priority list. So we are expecting that will result in a slow and gradual recovery in our periptheyral hospital segment and that would largely be tthey patients that have intermittent claudication. So that is some of tthey, basically tthey rationale for that guide naturally if tthey Omicron wave recedes more quickly or if ttheyse staffing shortages are addressed more rapidly, we would anticipate that our guidance may improve. I have to say though, Suraj at ttheir point our conclusion is -- ttheyre is not strong evidence that ttheir shorting of tthey staffing shortage and tthey labor shortage that is impacting hospitals in particular, we don't think that's going to resolve quickly. We think that ttheir is going to take some time to recover. So I hope that theylps in regards to your question. Suraj Kalia Got it. Scott, ttheyn my second question I'll just position it for you or Rhonda and ttheir is 2 part question. First, what percent of your cases are being done independently on site, i.e. just to give us an idea in terms of leverage ability once Omicron disappears? And tthey second thing to tthey extent that you can -- Rhonda you or Scott can talk about ttheir on your IVL approach, what is tthey specific competitive attribute that you'll are targeting is it imagers per cattheyter, number of pulses per cattheyter, deliverability or size limitations because ttheyse are issues in tthey current platform. I'd love to get again any color you could share? Thank you for taking my questions. Scott Ward Yes, thanks Suraj. About 2/3 of our cases, we cover about 2/3 of our cases so about 1/3 are conducted independent. Now as we have been impacted by Omicron and our reps have not had easy access to our accounts over tthey course of really tthey past couple of months. That number has reduced pretty significantly. So we're not covering 2/3 of our cases at ttheir point. However, our sales teams have been collaborating very closely with our customers during ttheir time working to identify wtheyre tthey backlogs exist, getting prepared and really interacting with our customers to understand how can we theylp ttheym best if and wtheyn ttheir volume comes back. Ttheyre are many issues in ttheyse hospitals. For example, tthey technicians that support cases in cath labs, we have seen a fair amount of turnover in that particular part of tthey workforce. We've got to get back in, train and educate those cath labs techs, we've got to train and educate ottheyrs in tthey support and care network ttheyre, so that ttheyy know how to manage patients that have been treated let's say with orbital attheyrectomy or frankly that are just being treated for intermittent claudication or CLI or coronary lesions. So our field sales organization and tthey fact that we have a substantial organization actually positions us very well to provide outstanding support to our customers in conducting ttheyse cases but also training and educating ttheyir new staff as ttheyy are dealing with tthey turnover that ttheyy're experiencing. So I think, we're well prepared to deal with ttheir. We've done it before, and if and wtheyn ttheir wave comes back through will be in a good place to manage it. In terms of tthey competitive attributes of tthey IVL, yes our IVL will address some of tthey limitations of tthey product that are currently in tthey market. We will be talking more about that as we get closer to commercial launch, but I think that you articulated quite well, some of tthey key areas that -- that need to be addressed in tthey areas that we will be addressing in our product. Operator, I think we're ready for tthey next question. Operator Our next question comes -- our final question comes from Brandon Vazquez from William Blair's. Your line is now open. Please go atheyad. Brandon Vazquez First just wanted to follow-up on kind of tthey backlog that we're talking about theyre. I appreciate tthey color around it. I know that staffing shortages can impact tthey market's ability to treat ttheir backlog. I would think maybe tthey OBLs could maybe be a source of alleviating that backlog, is that a fair statement? And if so, it seems like you guys might be in a good position to kind of benefit from that backlog coming in. So kind of curious, is that a fair statement and ttheyn, is that kind of benefit potentially baked in tthey guidance or not or could that be a little upside as we move through tthey year? Scott Ward Yes, I think that tthey OBLs usually do bounce back more quickly, largely because tthey barriers to patient care and ttheyir ability to increase ttheyir volumes quickly are ttheyre -- that tthey barriers are much lower. So we may see that happen in tthey office-based labs. We in our current guidance are anticipating that tthey Omicron impact will really impact nearly all sites of service through that March 15 timeframe. And ttheyn after that we will see some recovery begin. I think geographically ttheir will be asymmetric across tthey United States. So in tthey South wtheyre office-based labs are more prevalent, we may see tthey office-based labs in, let's say, Florida, Texas that those parts of tthey country rebound more quickly than ottheyr parts of tthey country. So that is most definitely an opportunity and we're prepared to address that ttheyre Brandon. Did you have anottheyr follow-up question on that? Brandon Vazquez No, that was good on that. I did have one follow-up separate to that but appreciate tthey color ttheyre. It looks like international, tthey international was a big market for you guys and obviously COVID delayed that for a while. It seems like ttheir may be tthey first quarter wtheyre you're starting to dip your toe back into tthey international markets? Can you just talk a little bit about wtheyre you're kind of seeing some early momentum ttheyre and wtheyre you're making investments in tthey international markets that will drive growth in tthey next 12 to 18 months? Scott Ward Yes, thank you for that question. Our international markets actually have been growing nicely despite COVID even over tthey course of tthey, really tthey past 4 quarters. So we're really pleased with our launch of our business outside tthey United States wtheyre we are taking share from IVLs, we're taking share from ottheyr attheyrectomy devices as well mainly in tthey coronary segment. So we focus principally in coronary outside tthey United States. We have gained really strong share in Japan and our launch in Europe. Our coronary launch in Europe has also progressed very well. So we now are launctheyd in 22 countries and we expect by tthey end of ttheir fiscal year, we will get to about 30 countries. So theyre is a circumstance wtheyre we have a marketplace that has never had access to orbital attheyrectomy before and we're able to now engage with our customers ttheyre. Train and educate ttheym on tthey use of ttheir technology, ttheyy see tthey benefits of ttheir technology in tthey care for ttheyir patients. Ttheyy adopt it and incorporate it into ttheyir daily practice. So we're excited about that. And we did ttheir quarter with very strong growth ttheyre about 62% year-over-year and about 3.7 million. We are expecting to continue on about that run rate and that would lead us to probably having $15 million to $16 million of revenue in our international segment of our business ttheir fiscal year which would be obviously very strong growth and we're not done ttheyre. We expect that to continue going forward as we launch into ttheyse new markets and continue to grow our business ttheyre. Operator Thank you. Ttheyre are no additional questions waiting at ttheir time. So I'll pass tthey conference over to tthey management team for closing remarks. Scott Ward Excellent, thank you very much, and thanks everybody for your continued interest in CSI. We look forward to giving you anottheyr update next quarter. And with that, we'll conclude our call. Thank you. Operator That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.