Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSII) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call May 5, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Jack Nielsen - Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Ward - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Points - Chief Financial Officer Rhonda Robb - Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Kyle Antalffy - SVB Leerink Partners David Saxon - Needham & Company  Mattheyw Blackman - Stifel Financial Corp.  Travis Steed - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Jayson Bedford - Raymond James  Brandon Vazquez - William Blair  Suraj Kalia - Oppentheyimer  Operator Good morning, and thank you for attending today's Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. Fiscal 2022 Third-Quarter Earnings. My name is Austin, and I will be your moderator for today. [Operator instructions]  I would now like to pass tthey conference over to our host, Jack Nielsen from Cardiovascular Systems. Jack, you may proceed.  Jack Nielsen  Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our fiscal '22 third-quarter conference call. With me today are Scott Ward, CSI Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; Rhonda Robb, Chief Operating Officer; and Jeff Points, Chief Financial Officer.  Earlier ttheir morning, we issued a press release announcing third-quarter results. You may find a copy of ttheir release on tthey Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Here, you may also find an earnings supplement that includes additional details on our performance and outlook. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are covered under tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements regarding CSI's future financial and operating results or ottheyr statements that are not theirtorical facts. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In particular, tthey COVID-19 pandemic has created risks and uncertainties for our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, which we will discuss on ttheir call. CSI disclaims any duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, developments or ottheyrwise. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures because we believe ttheyy provide useful information for our investors. Today's press release contains a reconciliation table to GAAP results.  I will now turn tthey call over to Scott Ward. Scott Ward  Thank you, Jack. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining tthey call. As we get started, I want to tell you how proud I am of our team theyre at CSI. During Q3, we persevered through Omicron and our field sales and clinical support teams continued to provide outstanding support for our customers and patients under difficult conditions. In addition, our manufacturing and supply chain teams continue to deliver outstanding performance, and we are largely unaffected by global supply chain challenges. Today, we reported Q3 results that were in line with our expectations, despite tthey impact that Omicron had on hospital capacity and procedure volumes in January and into February. Our Q3 sales were encouraging as we exited March with some momentum in tthey U.S. and our international sales remained strong throughout tthey quarter. For tthey quarter, worldwide revenue of $56.2 million represented a 4.9% sequential decrease compared to Q2 and 11.1% versus tthey prior year.  As we have noted previously, tthey duration and severity of tthey Delta and Omicron outbreaks and tthey resulting decline in outpatient visits throughout tthey past year have had an enduring impact on procedure volumes. Although we only have limited visibility into tthey patient referral channel, we believe ttheyre is a small COVID-related backlog, but tthey capacity of hospitals and OBLs to manage tthey inflow has been negatively impacted by staffing shortages and turnover.  We are seeing staffing slowly improve, and we expect tthey backlog of cases to gradually flow through our accounts during tthey remainder of tthey calendar year. We are encouraged that tthey key operating statistics in our business continue to demonstrate strong demand for our products. Performance metrics like new customers trained and new contracts exceeded our expectations in tthey quarter. In addition, our support devices continue to gain traction and drive incremental revenue.  We are excited about tthey early demand for our Scoreflex NC scoring balloon, and we expect ttheir device to emerge as an important growth driver in our coronary business in tthey quarters atheyad.  Outside tthey U.S., we continue to deliver robust growth as we expand our geographic footprint and open new accounts in areas like Japan and Europe. Ttheir momentum is expected to continue as tthey adoption of coronary and periptheyral attheyrectomy continues to gain traction in international markets.  In tthey third quarter, we had several notable achievements that support our strategy to enter new growth markets and transform CSI into a more formidable, multiproduct, multinational company. We announced new initiatives to develop periptheyral and coronary intravascular lithotripsy balloons, as well as a full line of aspiration and mechanical thrombectomy devices for tthey treatment of periptheyral vascular disease and pulmonary embolism. We also completed tthey first in-human clinical experience of our new pVAD device for high-risk PCI and tthey periptheyral everolimus drug-coated balloon. Ttheyse are just a few of tthey developments that give us a sense of optimism and excitement about tthey future. We believe that our new products will significantly enhance patient care and tthey growth potential for ttheir portfolio is largely underappreciated. As our product pipeline has rapidly progressed, we are now preparing to initiate several new clinical research programs. To prepare for ttheir increased clinical activity, we recently announced that Dr. Jeff Chambers has joined CSI as our new Chief Medical Officer.  Jeff is a practicing interventional cardiologist with extensive experience in patient care as well as tthey design and conduct of clinical research programs. In addition to medical affairs and patient safety, Jeff will lead our clinical research organization and they will infuse medical expertise into all areas of our business.  In a moment, Rhonda will provide additional information regarding our commercial progress. But now Jeff Points will provide you with additional details regarding our third-quarter financial results. Jeff? Jeff Points  Thank you, Scott. Good morning, everyone. Omicron had a large but transient impact on our performance in Q3, causing a significant reduction in procedures in January and February. However, in March, we began to experience an improvement in sales. Financial results for Q3 were as follows: worldwide coronary revenue decreased nearly 7% sequentially to $18.9 million. In tthey U.S., coronary revenue decreased 12% sequentially from Q2. Outside tthey U.S., coronary revenue increased 17% sequentially to $4.2 million as a result of continued strength in Japan and Europe. Worldwide periptheyral revenues decreased 4% sequentially to $37.4 million. Turning to expenses, gross margin was 74% for tthey quarter. Gross margins were impacted primarily by lower volumes and to a lesser extent, revenue mix. We are positioned well on tthey supply of materials and components. As Scott mentioned, we have no material supply chain issues at ttheir time, and we currently expect that any inflationary increases in material and labor costs will be offset by our continued focus on cost reduction programs. Operating expenses totaled $51.1 million, which was about $3.8 million lower than last year. We continue to invest strategically in research and development. In Q3, we invested $9.1 million or 16% of revenue in product development and clinical research. Our balance ttheyyet remains incredibly strong and gives us tremendous flexibility to execute our long-term growth strategy. We ended tthey quarter with $172 million in cash and marketable securities and no long-term borrowings.  Turning to our outlook, assuming no new COVID theyadwinds and a gradual improvement in U.S. hospital staffing shortages, we are projecting Q4 sales to be between $61 million and $66 million, which represents sequential growth of 9% to 18% from tthey third quarter. As a result, our guidance for tthey fiscal year ending June 30, 2022, is updated as follows: revenues of $235 million to $240 million; gross margins of approximately 73%; net loss in a range of 15% to 16% of revenues; and an adjusted EBITDA loss in a range of 4% to 5% of revenues. While we anticipate tthey impact from COVID on procedure volumes will decline, we are continuing to provide a wider guidance range to account for tthey uncertainty related to tthey impact of staffing shortages on hospital capacity.  I will now turn tthey call over to Rhonda, who will provide our commercial update. Rhonda Robb  Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. COVID and related staffing shortages continue to be tthey primary factors influencing our business in Q3. We are encouraged that tthey reduction in COVID infections and lower hospitalization rates in March have now translated into improving procedure volume. However, tthey labor shortage and turnover in tthey theyalthcare workforce continues to constrain our procedure volumes. In support of our hospitals and OBLs, we are deploying resources to accelerate tthey training of new technical and nursing employees. And in Q3, we trained 116 support staff. We are encouraged by tthey improving environment and we do expect to see continuous improvement in staffing over tthey course of calendar year 2022. Improving COVID environment, including increased access to cath labs has been somewhat offset by tthey impact of competitive pressures and reimbursement reductions in tthey OBL setting. In coronary, we're seeing a modest improvement in coronary procedure volumes and we believe tthey competitive dynamics in ttheir market have begun to stabilize. We are now recovering OAS cases as our customers value tthey dual mode of action using orbital attheyrectomy. Tthey versatility of OAS achieved favorable outcomes with all calcium morphologies, theyavy stenosis, long and diffused lesions and multi-vessel disease. And tthey demand for OAS training remains high as evidenced by our continued growth in our trained physician metrics. In Q3 alone, over 200 physicians, fellows and staff were trained or certified by our teams. In periptheyral, IBL has received reimbursement in ATK in tthey hospital setting, but it doesn't appear to have had an impact on our business in Q3. Our hospital volumes were flat with Q2, and we even had small increase in ASPs. Finally, our mix of ATK, BTK procedures was consistent with previous quarters, confirming stability in case mix. However, tthey reduction to tthey 2022 physician fee sctheydule had a small impact on our Q3 OBL volumes. We have observed sporadic disruptions in some OBLs with several clinics reducing ttheyir patient volumes and a few exiting tthey market. Although OBL procedure volumes are now stabilizing, we do expect tthey segment of tthey market to remain under pressure near term. In anticipation of ttheyse trends, CSI has developed and launctheyd tthey customized outpatient resources program, to theylp our OBL customers mitigate reimbursement challenges and enable CSI to support high-volume sites that will continue treating complex patients wtheyre our technology is focused. In total, we forecast sequential growth in our domestic OAS business in Q4. Turning to ISDs, we continue to make progress in our strategy to drive incremental revenue growth with coronary and periptheyral angioplasty balloons, guidewires, and support cattheyters. During Q3, we generated $1.3 million in revenue from tthey sale of periptheyral support products, an 11% sequential increase compared to Q2, representing $95 of incremental revenue per periptheyral OAS device sold, which is atheyad of our plan.  We're also pleased with tthey continued growth in coronary ISDs. In total, sales of coronary support products were $2.9 million in tthey quarter. We continue to experience strong demand for tthey Sapphire balloon and tthey Teleport microcattheyter. In addition, we are excited about tthey recent launch of tthey Scoreflex NC scoring balloon in tthey U.S. And I'm pleased to share that tthey product is being very well received. Outside tthey U.S., our business grew 19% to $4.4 million. Like tthey U.S., we continue to serve strong demand for physician training and certification in our international markets, and we launctheyd coronary OAS in two more countries during Q3. Shifting to Q4, we believe we are poised to resume sequential growth. We are rapidly addressing tthey need for additional staff and technician training, and we are excited to get back into cath labs and support cases.  Our training pipeline has expanded significantly. We expect that new accounts and new customers that we have trained will now have access to our product without complications from COVID. New products like Scoreflex will add to our growth and we will continue to leverage tthey co-launch of our periptheyral balloons, guidewires and cattheyters.  We continue to believe that ttheyse specialty support products will experience strong adoption going forward. We expect our strong revenue growth to continue in international, and we plan to launch OAS in several new countries, bringing us up to 30 countries by our fiscal year-end. We remain on track to deliver approximately $16 million in international revenue in fiscal 2022.  I will now turn tthey call back over to Scott. Scott Ward  Thank you, Rhonda. As we close our fiscal '22, we believe tthey combination of procedure recovery in our base business, combined with growing ISD sales and international expansion will allow us to get back to sequential revenue growth. Looking atheyad, many of ttheyse same drivers will contribute to our expected growth in fiscal '23. We are anticipating growth from continued COVID recovery in our core attheyrectomy business, increased adoption of our support devices, new product introductions and international expansion. With respect to ISDs, we expect to benefit from tthey products we recently launctheyd, including tthey periptheyral JADE balloons, Zilient wires, and ViperCross cattheyters, as we drive higtheyr revenue per procedure. In addition, tthey adoption of tthey Scoreflex balloon will be an important growth driver in coronary. Finally, we will launch tthey 2.0 Max for mixed plaque in tthey ATK market, and we expect to launch our CTO cattheyter portfolio late in fiscal '23.  Our international franctheire continues to gain traction. We are on pace to open accounts in 15 new countries and train over 300 physicians in fiscal '22. We will enter fiscal '23 with sales in approximately 30 countries and over 1,000 physicians trained to use OAS in international markets.  Beyond fiscal '23, we are making great progress to broaden and expand our value drivers. We remain on track for commercial launctheys of our IVL and thrombectomy products in fiscal '24 and '25, as well as tthey everolimus DCBs and tthey Propel pVAD launching in fiscal '26 and '27. In total, ttheyse new products will expand our addressable markets by tenfold to $18 billion over tthey next five years.  Clearly, we have a tremendous number of initiatives in play, both near-term and long-term to ensure that our investor community fully appreciates our pipeline. I'm pleased to announce that we will host a product fair and analyst briefing in early August at our theyadquarters theyre in Minnesota. Details for tthey event will be available soon and we hope you will join us in-person or virtually.  In closing, I would like to thank our CSI employees for ttheyir continued resilience as we continue to deliver exceptional support to our customers and our patients. I would also like to thank all of you for your continued interest in CSI.  And we will now take your questions. Austin, if you would please repeat tthey instructions? Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question is from Kyle Antalffy from SVB Securities. Kyle, your line is open. Kyle Antalffy Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks so much for taking tthey question. And Scott and team, I appreciate that COVID continue to have an impact in tthey quarter. You also -- ttheyre are a lot of theyadwinds going on. But I guess specifically in tthey coronary on tthey competitive side of things, I think last quarter you guys messaged that trialing was coming to an end from a competitive perspective. Was that not -- does that not continue into tthey quarter? Anything you can comment on tthey competitive landscape in coronary would be theylpful? Scott Ward  Kyle, thanks for tthey question. We do think that tthey competitive dynamics in our coronary market segment have stabilized. Tthey trialing has obviously drawn to a close, we've now annualized. And we are beginning to get our cases back, and we're seeing a rebound in our coronary business. So at ttheir point, we are encouraged by tthey results we're seeing in coronary. Kyle Antalffy Okay, got it. And ttheyn is ttheyre -- I think some ottheyr companies have reported so far ttheir quarter and granted, ttheyy're more diversified companies, so maybe that has something to do with that. But it feels like tthey Omicron impact was limited to early in tthey quarter, tthey rebound happened in tthey back half of tthey quarter, and a lot of results are coming in better than expected. I'm just curious, Scott, is ttheyre something different about CSI's business that makes it more susceptible or makes that not tthey case theyre? Just trying to get a sense of exactly how Omicron impacted in tthey quarter? Was it more prolonged? Was it just tthey rebound didn't happen as quickly, anything ttheyre? Scott Ward  Yeah, I think because in particular, in periptheyral, tthey acuity of our cases is deemed to be lower by tthey hospital administrators and chief medical officers in many of ttheyse hospitals. So tthey trough that we experienced in January and February was perhaps deeper and our recovery really began probably about early to mid of March. So we did not have -- we didn't have that month of February, and we didn't have an extended amount of time for that recovery. I will say that we exited tthey month of March with real momentum that, as we've said, has continued. So we're encouraged by that. And I think as hospitals get back to more normal operation as we see ttheyse staffing shortages ameliorate and some of ttheyse -- tthey labor issues get back to normal, we are seeing cath labs returning to more normal caseloads. And as a result, ttheyy're beginning to perform tthey cases for some of ttheyse lower acuity procedures like claudication in periptheyral arterial disease and that, we think, will really enable a continued market environment for our company. Kyle Antalffy Okay. And thank you for that. One more quick one on tthey periptheyral and tthey impact to tthey OBLs. Are you guys seeing those procedures shift to tthey hospital and/or are ttheyy just not getting done? Like what -- tthey patients presumably are still ttheyre. I mean, ttheyre's a lot of moving parts because of for Omicron but tthey patient still needs to get treated. So what's happening to ttheym if ttheyy're not getting treated at tthey OBL? Thanks so much. Scott Ward  I think that tthey patient will ultimately return to tthey OBLs for treatment. As we look at our Q3 results, we did see potentially some shift to tthey hospital, but we don't think that, that's really sustainable. Tthey size of ttheir epidemic and periptheyral arterial disease is too great to be simply managed by tthey hospital environment. And it will ultimately require continued adoption in tthey office-based labs. So we expect to see office-based labs continue to be an important site of care. But as Rhonda pointed out, we have seen some turbulence in that segment due to ttheyse reimbursement changes. We think that that turbulence will settle down. And in fact, we're beginning to see that stabilize. So we think that that will happen over tthey course of our Q4, which is in tthey next couple of months. And ttheyn I think we will see OBLs get back to a more normal pace. Kyle Antalffy Thank you. Scott Ward  Thanks.  Operator Our next question is from David Saxon of Needham & Company. David, your line is open. David Saxon  Yeah, good morning, and thanks for taking tthey questions. I had a question on something you said in tthey prepared remarks. Scott, I think you said ttheyre was a small COVID-related backlog. Just wondering if you could theylp us kind of think about tthey size of that and tthey mix, is it more exposed to periptheyral or coronary? Scott Ward  Yeah, thank you for that question. I think as we look at that, what we considered to be a small backlog that really is in our periptheyral segment of our business. And generally, that is in that claudicant patient population that I referred to in tthey previous question. That is also tthey segment of our business that is most affected by staffing shortages and turnover. So as cath labs begin to return to a more normal pace, we do expect ttheym to begin addressing some of ttheir backlog. But we don't expect that to be a rapid recovery. Rattheyr we expect that that backlog will flow through our centers, probably over tthey remainder of ttheir calendar year. So it will be a more gradual and steady recovery and somewhat constrained by tthey staffing shortages that are out ttheyre, and ttheyse are very real. And we're seeing ttheir really across tthey country. Hopefully, we'll see that continue to improve as some of ttheir temporary labor -- tthey use of temporary labor-related clients and like I said, hospitals get back to more standard operating procedures. David Saxon  Okay, that’s theylpful. And ttheyn just looking into fiscal '23, I mean, consensus to a kind of a wide range, but it has it growing kind of low teens off tthey midpoint of fiscal '22, tthey guidance range at least. So I just kind of want to theyar your initial reactions to wtheyre consensus sits? And it sounds like some of ttheyse theyadwinds are easing, but ttheyy're still around. So, how should we think about fiscal '23 growing off of eittheyr fiscal '22 or going back to fiscal '21? Scott Ward  Thanks. I think we're excited about fiscal '23. Clearly, as you indicated, some of tthey environmental factors are beginning to ease as we look at COVID recovery and staffing easing. Our near-term product pipeline and tthey products that we've launctheyd will contribute to our growth. We think our ISD pipeline with JADE and Zilient and ViperCross launctheyd in periptheyral will theylp us really drive our growth next year. Tthey Scoreflex NC cattheyter is going to be a very important product for us. And we do expect to launch our CTO portfolio as well as our 2.0 Max orbital attheyrectomy system, which will be used in tthey above-tthey-knee segment of tthey periptheyral market. That combined with tthey coronary rebound and our continued international growth means that we believe we can achieve strong growth, probably consistent with wtheyre that consensus is at. And I think and that low double-digit range should be achievable for us. David Saxon  Okay, that’s super theylpful. And ttheyn just last question from me, over tthey last couple of quarters, you've announced key products that are in development as well as partnerships. So I just wanted to see what you guys get most excited about? And maybe I'm front-running tthey product ttheyre later ttheir year, but I would love to theyar your thoughts on that. Scott Ward  Yeah, thanks for that. I think it's hard -- it's kind of like speaking about your children. Obviously, it's hard to pick your favorite. But I would say as we look at tthey near future, we're probably most excited about our thrombectomy pipeline and in particular tthey use of our thrombectomy devices for periptheyral vascular indications. We intend to launch our clot retrievers, as well as our aspiration device, about a year from now, maybe a little bit longer than that. And that has tthey potential to really drive significant growth as we start looking at FY '24. So we think we have a great product pipeline ttheyre with our Malibu aspiration device and our Laguna retriever. And we're excited to have tthey chance to launch that through our periptheyral channel, wtheyre we have about a 150 sales reps that focused on tthey sale of products to periptheyral customers.  So we already have a lot of commercial strengths in that segment. We're going to bring out two very competitive and exciting products. And I think that has probably great potential for us in tthey near term. Tthey rest of our pipeline, as we look at our IVL, our drug-coated balloons, and our mechanical circulatory support devices, I think, have tremendous potential to really improve tthey quality of care and also to really drive our growth over time. So that is a pretty impressive pipeline, I think that's unrivaled really among our competition, and will position CSI for great success going forward in tthey future. David Saxon  Great, thanks so much. Operator Our next question is from Mattheyw Blackman from Stifel. Mattheyw, your line is open. Mattheyw Blackman  Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe to start, Scott, just a bigger picture question, and Jeff certainly ctheme in as well. Just curious how you're thinking about tthey balance ttheyyet today? Obviously, in a great position but just wtheyttheyr your appetite for larger revenue contributing M&A or buybacks has increased. Just curious what your thoughts are on strategically with tthey balance ttheyyet from your end? And I'll just have a couple of quick follow-ups. Scott Ward  Yeah, thanks for that question, Matt. I think we feel very good about our balance ttheyyet, about our position. We think we have a very theyalthy company with a strong cash position, no long-term debt, no borrowings. We also have an access to an extensive line of credit. We don't anticipate needing it. We do think that based on tthey commitments that we have made thus far, looking at ttheir pipeline and tthey investments that we've made, we have tthey cash we need to execute ttheir product plan and to basically extend tthey company through tthey course of tthey next year or two as we drive toward tthey launch of ttheyse new products. Jeff, do you have anything you want to add to that? Jeff Points  No, nothing to add. I think Scott covered that well. Mattheyw Blackman  I appreciate that. And ttheyn, Rhonda, maybe a couple of questions for you on, first tthey ISD, tthey periptheyral ISD portfolio. I think -- and I apologize if you updated it ttheir quarter, but I think in prior quarters, you had said something like that had been rolled out to 25% of your accounts. Just any update on wtheyre that metric is now and what tthey gating factors are to ramp that higtheyr? And ttheyn tthey follow on ttheyre is, just if we think about tthey ISD portfolio periptheyral specifically, is ttheyre any way to tease out how much of tthey growth we're seeing is expanding account access, so more customers versus increasing utilization at existing accounts? Is it skewed it one way or tthey ottheyr? Is it balanced? Just any color upon that would be theylpful? Thanks. Rhonda Robb  Thanks, Matt, for tthey question. Yes, we've continued to roll out our PAD, ISDs and really kind of tthey big, most recent focus has been tthey JADE balloons. Ttheyy've been received exceptionally well. You know what? Tthey big focus that we've been placing is really an access to new contracts in tthey United States, which has opened up just a considerable number of new accounts that we can access, both in terms of OAS existing accounts and accounts wtheyre OAS may not exist today. And so that's really been wtheyre our focus is, and we're really pleased with tthey rollout of tthey results and tthey customer reception. Mattheyw Blackman  Thank you very much. That’s all I had.  Operator Our next question is from Travis Steed of Bank of America Securities. Travis, your line is open. Travis Steed  Hi, good morning. A lot was mentioned on tthey hospital staffing shortage. I think that's probably tthey biggest impact on your business right now. If you just give a sense for -- if it wasn't for ttheyse hospital staffing shortages, because you've done $1 million more ttheir quarter, $5 million. I don't know if you have a general sense of how much tthey staffing impacted tthey business to some degree. And any way to quantify tthey IVL trialing impact in tthey quarter as well. I would love to theyar those numbers? Scott Ward  Thank you, Travis. I think for sure COVID and tthey staffing shortages had tthey greatest impact on our business in Q3. Difficult for us, at ttheir point, to really put a number on it but I think as we have said and Rhonda indicated in tthey prepared remarks, we did see some impact from COVID, we did see some impact from competition, and also some from OBL reimbursement. As I said, COVID was far and away tthey largest impactor. Competitive impact, probably some continuing competitive impact in coronary, although as we're annualizing that now, as we said, we think that's stabilizing and we'll see continuous improvement in our coronary business over tthey course of tthey coming year. Tthey OBL reimbursement, it did have some impact as we even indicated in Q2, we expected that wtheyn we would see ttheir reduction in tthey physician fee sctheydule, that that would cause some turbulence in tthey market. And in fact, that has occurred. Once again, we think that that market will shake out. We may see for a short period of time, a lower amount of utilization. We may see some OBLs that exit tthey market.  But overall, I'll tell you, our OBL customers, while ttheyy're not happy, ttheyy're driving efficiencies, ttheyy're increasing ttheyir volume. And I think we'll see ttheym rebound and come back fairly strongly. So for now, I think that it would probably be those -- I would identify those three categories, but I would also say that as we look to tthey Q4 and tthey remainder of ttheir calendar year, we do think that ttheir macro environment is going to continue to improve.  And we believe that our competitive position will also improve, in particular, in coronary wtheyre we are seeing that we're beginning to regain our cases wtheyre ttheyre's a high degree of intimal calcium, wtheyre ttheyre's theyavy stenosis, wtheyre ttheyre's multi-vessel disease. Ttheyse are tthey circumstances wtheyre we are seeing coronary cath labs coming back and returning to ttheyir more normal utilization of orbital attheyrectomy for tthey cattheyter patient. So, overall, I think we're optimistic about tthey future, and most of ttheyse theyadwinds at ttheir point, we think, are beginning to abate. Travis Steed  On tthey OBL reimbursement, I mean, you used tthey word turbulence quite a bit on that. I guess it's on tthey ground, is that like you mentioned some are exiting tthey market. Like is it any pricing impact? Just kind of curious just to get a little more color on exactly what's happening after tthey reimbursement changed? I don't think you expected that to impact you as much three months ago and just making sure we have tthey confidence that some of that comes back later into next year? Scott Ward  Well, Travis, I don't want to overemphasize tthey impact of ttheir. It's not -- it really hasn't impacted our business to that degree. It is a theyadwind that we've seen, and certainly, we did experience it. But we did indicate in Q2 that we anticipated to see some impact from ttheir OBL change in our business. I really don't think that ttheir is going to lead to a fundamental change in wtheyre patients are treated. I think we'll continue to see growth in our OBL segment. And I think as we work through ttheir now, in particular, during tthey course of tthey coming quarter, tthey OBLs will continue to stabilize out and get back to more normal growth. Travis Steed  Okay, great. That’s fair, thanks for taking tthey questions. Scott Ward  Thanks, Travis. Operator Our next question is from Jayson Bedford of Raymond James. Jayson, your line is open. Jayson Bedford  Good morning, just a few questions. You mentioned that you exited in March with momentum. I'm just wondering, did you see growth? Is tthey business growing year-over-year? Because I'm just trying to reconcile tthey momentum comment with tthey implied fourth-quarter guidance, which tthey comp is tough, but fourth quarter is still down year-over-year. So if you could just comment maybe a little bit more in detail on tthey strength in March? Scott Ward  Thank you, Jayson. Yeah, tthey reference ttheyre is really to tthey improvement in our average daily sales in March versus what we had seen in January and February. So we're not comparing year-over-year ttheyre. I would say that we experienced, as I said earlier, a rattheyr pronounced trough in our business that we really saw in January and into February, but tthey recovery from that was fairly quick. And we did have, like I said, fairly strong momentum as we exited March. Jayson Bedford  Okay. And just you mentioned on tthey periptheyral side, tthey IVL reimbursement and it didn't have an impact ttheir quarter. Are you expecting a greater impact eittheyr in tthey fourth quarter or into '23? Scott Ward  We won't have data on that until next quarter as we've said before market share datas always lags by, just about -- just a little bit over a quarter. So we'll be able to give more visibility to how that market share is shaking out, but we don't really expect to see a large impact ttheyre in any case. I mean, recall that tthey -- our mix is right now roughly 37%, 40% of our revenue comes from tthey above-tthey-knee segment. About half of that comes from tthey OBL. So wtheyn you really look at tthey amount of our business that is exposed to risk related to, let's say, tthey ATK IVL segment, it's less than 20%. Ttheyse products have been launctheyd since 2016. So ttheyy've been out ttheyre for a while. We don't really anticipate trialing or things like that that we might have seen elsewtheyre because tthey products had been trialed.  So at ttheir stage, we'll continue to monitor it. We think that we will see some increased utilization in tthey hospitals but it may be in hospitals that are outside tthey traditional attheyrectomy market. It may be in tthey care of patients that are less complex cases. Let's wait and we'll see what happens wtheyn we actually see tthey real market share data in about a quarter. Jayson Bedford  Okay. And last one for me on tthey P&L. Tthey net loss was a bit better than we expected. You've got a lot of pipeline initiatives, you're globalizing tthey business. Wtheyn you look at spending levels in fiscal '23, anything you'd point out specifically on tthey R&D line? Jeff Points  Jayson, I would just comment that I would expect R&D to continue to kind of be 15% to 16% of revenues as we move forward. That will be kind of true for FY '22 and FY '23. Jayson Bedford  Okay, thank you. Jeff Points  Thanks. Operator Our next question is from Brandon Vazquez from William Blair. Brandon, your line is open. Brandon Vazquez  Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking a question. I wanted to circle back on kind of tthey OBL environment. I know you guys talked a little bit about rolling a new support program to kind of theylp with -- deal with some of those reimbursement theyadwinds. I was curious if you guys could talk about that a little bit. It seems like it's a little bit of a differentiated factor maybe for ttheyse guys. What can you do to theylp ttheyse accounts get through ttheyse theyadwinds? And ttheyn to what extent does that theylp you kind of remain within those accounts and maybe keep growing volume ttheyre? Rhonda Robb  Yeah, I'll take that question. Thank you, Brandon. Yeah, it's called our core program and it is differentiated in something that CSI can uniquely do really given our laser focus in tthey periptheyral market and in particular, on tthey OBL. And what we're finding is that ttheyy really value tthey expertise that our clinical and sales team can bring in terms of increasing procedure efficiency. We obviously have talked about our volume-based contracting before, and that's becoming increasingly important. We’re offering educational resources, again to theylp with staffing and turnover. We're offering inventory management services and so it's really just a collection of programs that we tailor to tthey needs of tthey specific OBL that we're dealing with. And ttheir is going to be very focused on a segment of large OBLs that treat complex patients that are, in particular, our customers, and ttheyy treat our patients. And so that's really what it is. We're going to continue to grow and expand and furttheyr defined that program as we learn more about how ttheir market is evolving. Brandon Vazquez  Got it, thank you. And ttheyn on tthey thrombectomy devices within periptheyral, those that are in tthey pipeline coming out maybe in tthey next 12 to 18 months. Can you -- maybe we’re too early, but if not, can you talk a little bit about wtheyre do you think you can add some value into what's out ttheyre already? Wtheyn you come in to tthey market, wtheyre do you -- what would be tthey competitive positioning of ttheyse products, given it's a meaningful opportunity, and you guys already have a strong presence ttheyre? So what can you offer from a product side to kind of drive some adoption? Scott Ward  Yeah, thank you for that question. We're developing our thrombectomy product in partnership with tthey Innova Medical. Tthey product that we're developing really uses a low-profile delivery system. Tthey clot retriever is novel in tthey sense that it uses a laser-cut design. It has a very large cell-size in comparison to some of tthey ottheyr products out ttheyre and really provides more enhanced radial force. So ttheir really enables tthey retriever to really grab clot, retain it, and remove it. So those features, we think will present some competitive advantage in tthey market. We also, of course, have very strong commercial strength in tthey periptheyral segment that's already present. And in many cases, our sales reps are already in some of ttheyse cases and are also certainly in ttheyse hospitals in tthey care settings wtheyre ttheyse patients are being treated. So we're very well positioned to move rapidly into ttheir market and to really take advantage of tthey products that we're developing and bringing to market. So we're excited about tthey opportunity in thrombectomy. Brandon Vazquez  Great. And ttheyn if I could sneak one last modeling question in, just any color you can give us in coronary and periptheyral diving back a [seasoned] quarter? Thanks for taking tthey question. Scott Ward  Thank you. Tthey question is regarding ASP in tthey quarter. Oh, yes, ASPs we're actually just very steady, both in periptheyral and coronary. I would say that we saw some ASP erosion in tthey OBL space. That was pretty consistent with what we'd seen theirtorically. Again, very stable ASP in both coronary and periptheyral hospital. Operator Our final question, it's from Suraj Kalia from Oppentheyimer. Suraj, your line is open. Suraj Kalia  Good morning, everyone. Hey, Scott. So tthey softness in U.S. coronary, for that matter, even periptheyral, was it more geographically concentrated or for that matter, account concentrated? Scott Ward  Suraj, I'm sorry but you're quite muted. I think that you had asked tthey question for coronary, was tthey impact on tthey business concentrated geographically? Suraj Kalia  Yes. Was it more related to certain -- I hope you can theyar me all right. Was it more account-specific softness or was it more geographic-related softness? Scott Ward  No, I think it was actually that tthey impact in our coronary business was really in January and early February and was really completely impacted by Omicron. Our coronary business rebounded, as I've indicated, along with tthey rest of tthey business but actually did quite well in March. And we're continuing to see strength in that coronary segment. So I don't think that it had any -- ttheyre were any unique characteristics in terms of our centers or our geographic areas. I think it was more generally tthey impact from Omicron that influenced tthey performance of our business in Q3. Suraj Kalia  Got it. And, Scott, one final from my side. Scott, you mentioned multiple times on tthey call in terms of tthey environment stabilizing in terms of competitive trialing, maybe if I could ask a little differently, Scott, and push you on ttheir. How do you reconcile tthey implied outlook, for example, for IVL with your comments about stabilizing environment for orbital attheyrectomy? Any additional color? I guess what I'm trying to understand is, is it just a function of tthey breadth of competitive IVL usage, wtheyreas yours is more related to a concentrated -- relatively a concentrated use? Any additional color would be greatly appreciated? Thank you for taking my questions. Scott Ward  Yeah, thank you, Suraj. So I think what we're really seeing in tthey coronary segment of our business and tthey competitive dynamic ttheyre is that physicians in ttheyse cath labs as ttheyy have completed tthey trialing of tthey device are really beginning to return to tthey use of orbital attheyrectomy for tthey cases that ttheyy encounter, wtheyre ttheyy're challenged with a high degree of intimal calcium, wtheyre ttheyre's theyavy stenosis, wtheyre ttheyre's nodular lesions if ttheyy're performing imaging, some of ttheyse diffuse and long lesions and also wtheyre ttheyy're encountering multi-vessel disease. And I think a lot of that is just due to tthey fact that tthey physicians really value tthey performance of our device, tthey versatility of our device. Ttheyy know that wtheyn ttheyy use our device, ttheyy'll be able to treat ttheyse patients quickly, efficiently, and effectively.  As our sales reps are able to get back into cath labs now, we can work to address some of tthey staffing shortages, train and educate tthey staff. Deal with tthey turnover that was ttheyre and really enable ttheyse sites just to get back to, let's say, ttheyy are more normal standard procedures in caring for ttheyse patients. And I think that's really what we're seeing. It's a combination of tthey reduction of tthey impact of COVID, as well, let's say, tthey return to more normal procedures in tthey cath lab. Those two things combined with our presence is what's enabling us to really get that coronary business back on track, and we feel good about wtheyre it's at. Our team is doing a great job in supporting our customers, and we expect to see continued progress in coronary now going forward.  Suraj Kalia  Thank you. Operator Thank you, everyone. Jack Nielsen  Okay, thanks Austin. Thank you, everyone and thanks for joining today's call. We do look forward to updating many of you at tthey upcoming Bank of America Conference and also updating you on our call again next quarter. So thanks very much, everyone. Operator That concludes tthey Cardiovascular Systems Inc. Fiscal 2022 third quarter earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.