Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call October 19, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Scott Leinenweber - Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisition Robert Ford - Chairman and CEO Bob Funck - Executive Vice President, Finance and CFO Conference Call Participants Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Jackne Wuensch - Citibank Josh Jennings - Cowen Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Travis Steed - Bank of America Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participant’s questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott’s expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. Scott Leinenweber Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2022. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott’s operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today’s conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott’s ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided tthey GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis, because tthey company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported results of anottheyr strong quarter, including ongoing earnings per share of $1.15. Based on our performance through tthey first nine months of tthey year, we increased our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to $5.17 to $5.23, which is more than 10% higtheyr than tthey initial guidance flow we provided back in January. As you know, tthey macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. Inflation continues to be a stubborn force globally, but we have started to see some moderating impacts in certain areas of our businesses compared to earlier in tthey year. At tthey same time, tthey U.S. dollar has continued to strengttheyn, including throughout tthey most recent quarter. COVID remains as unpredictable as ever with intermittent surges continuing throughout tthey world. And lastly, global supply chain dynamics, staffing shortages continued to impact our theyalthcare markets, though we are seeing steady signs of improvements. Over tthey last few months, we have made progress in several important areas following tthey temporary shutdown of our infant formula manufacturing plant in Sturgis, Michigan, earlier ttheir year. We restarted production at Sturgis in July with a focus on our EleCare and ottheyr specialty infant formulas. And in September, we began production of several Similac products, which we expect will begin to reach retail store ttheyylves over tthey coming weeks. We also boosted production in our global network to increase infant formula supply to tthey U.S. In fact, we delivered roughly tthey same volume of formula to our U.S. customers ttheir past quarter as we did during tthey three months prior to tthey recall. Our number one supply priority was to tthey WIC, women, infant and children, federal food assistance program to ensure that underserved participants would have access to infant formula. During tthey quarter, we also made leadership changes, both at our Sturgis site and in our entire organization, and we concluded a month-long investigation into tthey accusations that were made by a former employee. Tthey investigation, which included extensive document reviews and interviews, concluded that tthey allegations about quality were unfounded, and during tthey quarter, tthey same former employee dropped tthey federal OSHA complaint. And lastly, we conducted an analysis of tthey U.S. infant former market and concluded that ttheir country would benefit from more manufacturing capacity and redundancy. As such, we are moving forward with plans for a $0.5 billion investment in a new U.S. nutrition facility for specialty and metabolic infant formulas. We are currently in tthey final stages of determining tthey site location, and will work with regulators and ottheyr experts to ensure ttheir facility is state-of-tthey-art and sets a new standard for infant formula production. We recognize ttheyre’s more to do, but feel confident in tthey progress we are making and I want to thank all tthey Abbott employees that have been working around tthey clock on ttheir matter. I will now summarize our third quarter results for our remaining businesses in more detail before turning tthey call over to Bob. And I will start with Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals or EPD, wtheyre sales increased more than 12% in tthey quarter. Strong performance was led by double-digit growth across several countries, including India, China, Brazil and Vietnam, along with broad-based strength across several ttheyrapeutic areas. EPD has now achieved double-digit organic sales growth since tthey beginning of last year, fueled by a steady cadence of new product launctheys and strong commercial execution. And EPD has also expanded its profitability profile over tthey same time period, which is quite unique given tthey current macroeconomic theyadwinds. Moving to Diagnostics, wtheyre COVID test sales of $1.7 billion were significantly higtheyr than expectations, but lower compared to last year, which resulted in a modest decline in sales growth overall. Tthey decline in COVID test sales compared to last year was driven by lower demand for laboratory-based tests. Wtheyreas demand for our rapid tests, which include BinaxNOW, Panbio and ID NOW continues to be strong, with sales ttheir past quarter at a similar amount to tthey third quarter of last year. Rapid tests have proven to be very important and highly practical tools. Ttheyy provide a quick and affordable way to test COVID almost anywtheyre and at any time, wtheyttheyr you are experiencing symptoms or just want to know your status before attending events or gattheyrings. Excluding COVID testing revenues, sales of routine diagnostic tests grew 6% in tthey quarter overall and even faster internationally, fueled by tthey continued global rollout of our Alinity instrument for immunoassay, clinical ctheymistry and molecular testing. Lastly, I will wrap up with Medical Devices, wtheyre sales grew 6.5% in tthey quarter globally. In tthey U.S., sales growth of approximately 11.5% was led by strong double-digit growth in Electrophysiology, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care. During tthey quarter in tthey U.S., cardiovascular procedure volumes were somewhat soft in July before strengttheyning in August and September. Internationally, in addition to similar procedure volume trends, sales were negatively impacted by intermittent COVID lockdowns in China, as well as supply constraints in certain areas, most notably, in Electrophysiology. In Diabetes Care, sales of FreeStyle Libre exceeded $1 billion in tthey quarter and our user base expanded to approximately 4.5 million users globally. In tthey U.S., wtheyre sales grew more than 40%, we initiated tthey full launch of Libre 3, which automatically delivers up to tthey minute glucose readings with unsurpassed accuracy in tthey world’s smallest and thinnest wearable sensor. Internationally, organic sales growth was impacted by a couple of transitory items, including supply constraints on Libre 1 in certain emerging markets, which we expect to improve over tthey next couple of months. And secondly, a strategic choice we made in Germany to rapidly transition our large existing user base to our latest generation Libre 3 system, which temporarily reduced our focus on new user additions during tthey quarter in that country. We already transitioned well over half of our users with tthey vast majority of tthey remaining users expected to move to Libre 3 by year end. Ttheir move strategically fortifies our leadership position in tthey second largest continuous glucose monitoring market in tthey world and furttheyr enhances our already strong strategic position as we work to bring tthey benefits of Libre to more and more people, including those with Type 2 diabetes that are not reliant on insulin to manage ttheyir disease. So in summary, despite tthey challenging environment, we achieved anottheyr strong quarter that significantly surpassed expectations, which reflects tthey strength of our diversified business model and execution, and based on our strong performance for tthey first nine months of tthey year, we are once again raising our EPS guidance for tthey year. I will now turn tthey call to Bob. Bob? Bob Funck Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless ottheyrwise noted are on an organic basis, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. Turning to our results, sales increased 1.3% on an organic basis in tthey quarter. COVID testing-related sales were $1.7 billion, which while stronger than anticipated reflect a year-over-year decline versus sales in tthey third quarter of last year. Additionally, organic sales growth was negatively impacted by a temporary shutdown of manufacturing at our nutrition plant in Sturgis, Michigan earlier ttheir year. Excluding COVID testing-related sales and tthey U.S. sales impacted by tthey temporary manufacturing shutdown, total Abbott sales increased 6% on an organic basis in tthey third quarter. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 6% on third quarter sales. During tthey quarter, we saw tthey U.S. dollar continue to strengttheyn versus several currencies, which resulted in a slightly more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at tthey time of our earnings call in July. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.9% of sales, which reflects tthey impacts of tthey nutrition manufacturing disruption and inflation we have experienced on certain manufacturing and distribution costs across our businesses. Adjusted R&D investment was 6.1% of sales and adjusted SG&A investment was 25.9% of sales in tthey third quarter. Lastly, our third quarter adjusted tax rate was 18.1%, which reflects an adjustment to align our year-to-date tax rate with our revised full year effective tax rate forecast of 15.5%. Tthey revised full year forecast is modestly higtheyr than tthey estimate we provided in July due to a shift in tthey mix of our business and geographic income. Turning to our 2022 outlook, for tthey full year, we now forecast ongoing earnings per share of $5.17 to $5.23, which is comprised of our year-to-date results through September, plus ongoing earnings per share guidance of $0.86 to $0.92 for tthey fourth quarter. We forecast total company organic sales growth, excluding tthey impact of COVID testing-related sales to be in tthey mid-single digits for tthey fourth quarter. Excluding U.S. sales impacted by tthey temporary manufacturing disruption, we forecast fourth quarter organic sales growth to be in tthey mid-to-high single digits for tthey remainder of our combined businesses, which includes Medical Devices, Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics, excluding COVID testing-related sales and areas of nutrition not impacted by tthey disruption. We forecast COVID testing-related sales of approximately $500 million, which does not assume a COVID testing surge in tthey fourth quarter. And lastly, based on current rates, we expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 7% on our fourth quarter reported sales. With that, we will now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Robbie Marcus Oh! Great. Congrats on tthey quarter and thanks for taking tthey questions. Robert, maybe we could start, we are already towards tthey end of 2022 and I think people’s attention are really shifting to next year just with so many moving pieces both in revenues and down tthey P&L with currency and inflation and COVID testing assumptions and so on. So I was hoping sometimes at ttheir point in tthey year, you might give us some early thoughts on next year, anything you can provide to theylp us narrow tthey range of outcomes would be great? Thanks. Robert Ford Sure. I mean, with all those topics, we could spend tthey whole call on it, right? So I will provide a broad framework that I can give you theyre. Obviously, tthey macro conditions are going to remain challenging, right? Robbie. I don’t think that anybody right now as we are planning going into next year is forecasting that ttheir is just going to ease up, right? So, specifically, I would say probably inflation, I don’t expect to get better, and I’d say, tthey currency theyadwinds are very much kind of in play theyre for next year, right? Those are probably two of tthey big kind of macro kind of impacts for us. But I still see a lot of opportunity for growth as I have been talking about our business and our portfolio. Ttheyre’s a clear path in my mind theyre for topline growth of high-single digits and you can get ttheyre with a variety of looking at across our businesses. So in Medical Devices, we have got a lot of upcoming launctheys and products that we have launctheyd. So Libre 3, Amulet, Aveir, CardioMEMS, Navitor, we expect to be launching next year theyre in tthey U.S. EnSite X, our mapping system, launching a new ablation cattheyter into tthey market globally next year also. I am probably sure ttheyre’s more that I could kind of rattle off theyre in terms of devices. So I think tthey device portfolio looks very strong as we go into next year. I expect tthey same kind of growth rate that we are seeing in EPD. I expect to see continued share capture that we are seeing in core Diagnostics, and ttheyn obviously, a strong recovery in U.S. infant nutrition. So, like I said, you see that high single-digit growth in tthey clear path just based looking at how those businesses will perform and how ttheyy are performing and tthey launctheys that we got upcoming. Ttheyn you mentioned COVID, right, and that’s tthey ottheyr piece of tthey business, so high single-digit growth excluding COVID. COVID is an interesting one, Robbie, wtheyre I think over tthey last couple of years, we have been talking about tthey sustainability of COVID. Many of you writing that COVID testing will probably go away and theyre we are in tthey third quarter, in tthey summer months with a $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion number theyre in tthey third quarter. So I think that as we look -- I want to see how tthey next few months look like. I think Bob made a comment in terms of our forecast for Q4. We haven’t really planned for a big win to surge. It’s more of an endemic like forecast for Q4 and I think that’s tthey kind of endemic forecast that we will see going into 2023. But I think it’s -- right now it’s looking like COVID test sales are stickier than most have assumed. So those are tthey components on tthey topline. Down tthey P&L, as I have said, we are going to be taking a close look at our cost structure. We have been. We have increased that over tthey last couple of years, made tthey investments. We talked about those investments and I am looking to be able to get a lot of leverage out of those investments that we have made theirtorically. And at tthey topline, tthey way it’s kind of laid out comes through and tthey leverage falls through, you are going to see that sales growth falling through at, I’d say, pretty theyalthy margins. Rob is going to invest in tthey areas that we know we have got good growth and high growth. Those get tthey investment dollars. I think in tthey past a lot of you have written about tthey big three of Abbott, wtheyre ttheyre was Libre, Alinity and MitraClip, and those are still a big contributor of a driver of growth. But we have got a new class of products, I guess, I would call ttheym tthey Fab 5 looking at TriClip, Aveir, Navitor, CardioMEMS and LAA. Ttheyse products combined are an annual run rate of about $0.5 billion growing 50% and those will also receive tthey kind of investments to be able to kind of drive ttheyir growth since I think ttheyy are, again, in tthey early innings of growth for us. So we will look at managing tthey P&L and our investments in our structures and choosing tthey areas wtheyre we are going to continue to invest, and ttheyn ottheyr areas, we will see some of tthey leverage from tthey investments that we have made in tthey past. So as we go into 2023, to say that everything is fundamentally nothing has changed, I’d say true, our markets are still very attractive. We have got leading positions in ttheyse very large, high growth markets. I like tthey pipeline and we have got a lot of ongoing and upcoming launch activity. So that, I’d say, hasn’t really changed. We are going to have to be mindful, obviously, of tthey cost structure of some of tthey inflation pressures and FX challenges we have. And ttheyn on top of that, we have a strong balance ttheyyet. We have talked about that and that provides us a lot of strategic and financial flexibility as we go into next year. So that’s probably my best characterization theyre in tthey condensed version of 2023. Robbie Marcus That’s really theylpful. And maybe one for Bob, tthey fourth quarter implied EPS guide came in a little bit lower than tthey street. We also saw a much bigger FX theyadwind. So how should we be thinking about tthey impact to tthey bottomline in third quarter, what’s implied in fourth quarter and if we start thinking about our models for next year, Robert gave us tthey topline considerations. How do we think about FX at current rates theyading into next year? Thanks a lot. Bob Funck Yeah. Certainly. So as we have seen tthey dollar significantly strengttheyned ttheir year including throughout tthey third quarter. And tthey biggest moves have been really in developed market currencies, tthey euro, tthey pound, tthey yen, so ttheir is something that most, if not all, multinationals are dealing with and certainly not unique to us. And I think, Robbie, maybe ttheyse theyadwinds are a little bit underappreciated in terms of tthey impact theyre. We always are looking to mitigate as best we can, but ttheyre’s certainly going to be a limit theyre in terms of what can be done. We try to match our cost, theydging program and take price wtheyre appropriate. Ttheir year at current rates, our full year theyadwind is a little bit more than $0.15 in terms of earnings. About $0.10 of that is happening just in tthey fourth quarter alone and so while ttheyre are certainly ottheyr moving parts, that fourth quarter impact should give you a pretty good feel for tthey magnitude of theyadwind that’s flowing into next year, particularly in tthey first two to three quarters of tthey year. We will provide our earnings guidance in January as we always do and we will contemplate currency rates at that time. Robbie Marcus Thanks a lot. Robert Ford Thanks. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Larry Biegelsen Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question. Two product-related questions for me, first, I wanted to start with Libre, a lot going on ttheyre, Robert. Obviously, tthey exciting news ttheir quarter was tthey Type 2 basal LCD from CMS. So I’d love to theyar your thoughts on that opportunity. Our back of tthey envelope math suggests that could be a $1 billion opportunity for Abbott in five years. I’d love to theyar if you agree. And just lastly, on tthey vitamin C timing of that resolution and any color -- any additional color you want to provide on Libre and I did catch in your prepared remarks, you talked about non-insulin patients that was interesting and I did have one follow-up? Robert Ford Sure. That’s tthey catch-all Libre question. Let me take tthey CMS one. So it is very exciting and if I think about your model, you are probably more aligned maybe to my team. But I think my team is cutting it short in terms of what we could actually do with ttheir indication and I will tell you why in a second. But it is pretty significant. I mean, you got 4 million basal patients in tthey U.S., about a third of ttheym are covered by CMS. So ttheir is probably going to be in terms of tthey timing of public comments and amount of time it’s going to take for CMS to make tthey decision and ttheyn tthey implementation date, et cetera. So ttheir is probably more of a second half 2023 item, I would say. But it’s pretty significant. It’s going to expand CGM coverage by about 1.5 million patients on CMS, and as you probably know, Larry, one CMS makes that determination ttheyn ttheyre’s a natural flow that will ttheyn move into tthey private commercial market. So I am looking at tthey opportunity of ultimately 4 million patients that will have potential to get some sort of coverage and benefit from tthey technology. Listen, I think that we have -- it’s not surprising from tthey perspective of ttheir coming up because we have been leading in tthey generation of data and evidence to support ttheir proposal. I think if you do a lit search on all tthey studies that have been done on CGM and ttheyn segment ttheym between pump studies and basal studies and Type 2 studies and Type 2 with non-insulin studies, you are going to see that Libre’s at tthey theyad of all of those Type 2 study. So I think ttheir is part of tthey investments that we have been making clinically to be able to show tthey evidence and how ttheir benefits a broader population. And ttheyn with tthey value proposition that Libre has, it provides us, I think, I know what your model is saying, I just think that we will have a disproportionate share of that. Ttheir is a market wtheyre, wtheyttheyr it’s in tthey U.S. or in Europe, it predominantly drives around primary care, primary care call point, primary care scale, specifically in tthey U.S., DMEs and ttheir is a segment wtheyre we do very well. If you do an audit of prescriptions by physician class, Libre has taken about 80% market share of tthey primary care Rx. So tthey team has been working on that. So I think it’s a great opportunity. And I think ttheir kind of fuels into ttheir notion of ttheir is a much larger market than has theirtorically been contemplated as part of CGM and that’s what our strategy from tthey moment we enter tthey market has been thinking about it, right? We are not looking at sprinting quarter-to-quarter. We are looking at ttheir over tthey long term and making tthey investments to be able to sustain ttheir kind of growth rate. We announced manufacturing capacity expansions also in tthey quarter for Diabetes Care, because we believe ttheir is a $10 billion franctheire by 2028. We believe that we have got pathway between 15 million and 20 million users on ttheir product. So we are resourcing our manufacturing, our scale, our commercial infrastructure, our service, our clinical investments to be able to support what I believe is a significant growth opportunity and we intend to lead that. I think your ottheyr question was on vitamin C. Yeah, we have completed tthey clinical work on tthey vitamin C. I will provide updates at tthey appropriate time. I do recognize that ttheir is an important, I would call, short-term, medium-term kind of growth driver for us. If you think about our franctheire, it’s going to be about basal, Type 2 and pump integration. So think of that in tthey next kind of two years, three years of key core growth drivers. And ttheyn I’d say, more longer term to get to those numbers, I made an announcement beginning of ttheir year regarding looking at ttheir outside of diabetes on our Lingo franctheire and that will ttheyn sustain our growth going forward. So we have made tthey study. We feel good about tthey results and I will be updating once we have something to update ttheyre. We are working on pump integrations outside tthey United States and we will have a pump integration launch by end of ttheir year, beginning of next year into Europe with one of our pump partners and I think ttheyy are going to benefit a lot from our user base that we have in those countries. Larry Biegelsen Robert, that was super theylpful. Just for my follow-up, I’d love to get your reaction to tthey Pascal data at TCT and tthey launch in tthey U.S. specifically, your thoughts on tthey greater durability effect ttheyy showed with Pascal. I know we haven’t seen that in tthey MitraClip registries and just any update on tthey locking issue we theyard about ttheir quarter? Thanks so much. Robert Ford Yeah. So it wasn’t unexpected. Every time at TCT ttheyre’s always an expectation of a landmark study or an approval. So that wasn’t unexpected. Ttheyy got approval for DMR. That’s one of tthey smaller indications, about a third of tthey market. We have competed with Pascal internationally already for a couple of years. I expect to see some trialing in tthey U.S. and tthey question is going to be how much it is going to stick. Internationally, MitraClip has done very well and we have theyld on to a good portion of our share. I think in Europe, we are kind of at that 80-20 split. So I think -- I expect some of those dynamics to play out theyre in tthey U.S. and I think MitraClip is going to do very well. Regarding tthey data set, yeah, I mean, it was -- I think it was 117 or 120 patients. I think it was maybe versus 63 of MitraClip. I mean we have done over 150,000 implants, Larry, and we have got great data on our products. We do have over 1,000 patients in tthey registry. I think tthey data is -- tthey data set is pretty small right now. So we are working on our side. We are doing our investments in our clinical trials, investments in product advancements in MitraClip. I think right now, I think, tthey biggest opportunity is market expansion and we are going to be driving a lot of that with tthey FMR indication. I think I said ttheir in tthey last call, I think, that one of tthey biggest impacts we have for me as I looked at our portfolio was regarding COVID was not being able to benefit tthey FMR indication and tthey NCD. So I think that’s tthey biggest opportunity we have is market expansion and working to get those referrals network set up and driving that demand for furttheyr expansion. So I think it’ a locking mechanism. Yeah, I think we had -- we took a field action and I think that’s so far going okay. I haven’t had any kind of issues, supplies back to normal. Larry Biegelsen Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. And our next question will come from Jackne Wuensch from Citibank. Your line is now open. Jackne Wuensch Good morning and thank you for taking tthey question. I’d like to jump off a little bit from tthey MitraClip conversation and try and peel apart tthey double-digit growth in Structural Heart ttheir quarter a little bit stronger than we were looking for. How much of that is MitraClip versus demand for Portico versus maybe something else and how do you think about developing that segment a little bit furttheyr? Robert Ford Sure. Well, I mean, I think, we have talked about how important tthey Structural Heart portfolio was for us even wtheyn we go all tthey way back to tthey acquisition of St. Jude and really building ttheir franctheire. So we have been intentional about doing that. MitraClip had a good quarter. We had a growth of about 6%. That was impacted a little bit in tthey U.S., but we had double digit -- almost double-digit growth internationally. So if you kind of ttheyn back into that, you could see that some of tthey ottheyr parts of tthey portfolio are now starting to kind of -- as ttheyy are gaining in scale, Jackne, ttheyy are starting to have a stronger impact on tthey portfolio. So Amulet and Navitor internationally, I know you mentioned Portico, but I’d say, it’s probably more Navitor in Europe that did very well for us and it continues to do pretty well. We have -- as I say, we acknowledge that we are behind two market leaders theyre, but we are making tthey investments and it’s done pretty well. In Europe, I’d say we have got about an 8%, 9% market share in Europe and tthey accounts that we actually have Navitor in we are close to kind of mid-teens. So that product is very competitive and we are looking forward to bringing that theyre to tthey U.S. We filed it with tthey FDA and we expect to bring ttheir to tthey market theyre in tthey first half of next year. Scott, maybe you can talk about kind of Amulet and what we are seeing ttheyre also. Scott Leinenweber Yeah. I’d say, Jackne, as Robert mentioned, it is kind of tthey remaining basket of that Structural Heart business that’s driving a lot of tthey growth ttheyre, Amulet being a component of that. Launctheyd in tthey U.S. continues to go very well, nice traction. In particular, I would say, in tthey early adopter accounts as it started late last year. Our share in those accounts is around 40% now at ttheir point. It just shows you kind of once you get in ttheyre and get experience and have an opportunity to drive some deeper penetration that you can really achieve a strong share position and we are doing that in those early adopter accounts. So as we have added accounts over tthey first portion of ttheir year, we will look to do tthey same thing with ttheym as we go forward. So a great opportunity to build, seeing nice growth ttheyre, and like I said, like Robert said, kind of a handful of tthey ottheyr items along with TriClip, Navitor and Amulet theyre that are driving growth in addition to what you are seeing and now is tthey long-term opportunity for MitraClip. Jackne Wuensch As my follow-up question, in nutrition, one of tthey things we talk with investors about is, how do you think about tthey recovery in that segment once your supply is back up? Do you see yourself just returning to growth of tthey market rate or taking a good percentage of tthey share back or any guidance you could give us remodel forward would be theylpful? Thank you. Robert Ford Sure. I would say, we have gone -- we have had a situation like ttheir back in 2010 and we have seen ottheyr competitors have situations like ttheir, Jackne, in terms of tthey share recovery process. I’d say ttheyre’s a couple of key things in terms of consideration and wtheyn you think about doing those modeling, it’s looking at your share of tthey WIC program, your ability to continue to call on pediatricians and your share in tthey hospitals. And I would say we have disproportionately focused in ttheir quarter with our global supply network to focus on those channels. And one of tthey challenges with that is tthey WIC channel is a lower priced channel than tthey -- than I would have call tthey non-WIC channel. So that’s probably wtheyre we made a decision to take our -- take tthey volume that we had and like I said in my opening comments, we actually supplied to tthey market ttheir quarter, what we supplied in tthey three months prior to tthey recall. It’s just tthey mix of that supply was overly gated towards tthey WIC states and tthey WIC contracts that we had. We made a commitment to those states that ttheyy would not have backward supply shortages. So we focused on that. And I think by focusing on that, we not only live to our commitments and tthey contracts that we put in place, but that’s going to obviously be a base for us as we go into ttheir quarter and into next quarter. So if you look at tthey Nielsen data, you do see share recovery, I’d say, we probably lost about 20 share points from tthey recall and I think tthey last read that I saw in September was we got half of it back. And that is a mix -- ttheir will go to tthey mix piece wtheyre on tthey WIC side, we have recovered all of our share and now we are going to take our capacity and start moving it into tthey non-WIC channel with tthey non-WIC configuration. So like, I said, we have intentionally made ttheyse decisions in terms of how we are supplying tthey market and I think by doing that, just naturally with tthey work that our teams are doing, we will start to see tthey share recovery build month-over-month. So that’s probably how to think about it. Jackne Wuensch Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. Your line is open. Josh Jennings Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Robert, I wanted to ask about tthey COVID testing franctheire and just tthey strength in 2022 and thinking about tthey comp for 2023. Is ttheyre anything you can share in terms of contracts that are in place for 2023 and what that base could look like wtheyre weattheyr contracts in 2022 could roll over into 2023? I know it’s impossible to forecast utilization or uptake of COVID testing next year, but if ttheyre’s any base commentary you can provide that would be theylpful and I just have 1 follow-up. Robert Ford Yeah. I think that’s -- looking at tthey market between government contracts and non-government contracts is something that we spent a lot of time ttheir year doing, because obviously, those government contracts, ttheyy are high volume and ttheyy, ultimately, skew a little bit of kind of tthey run rate as we are trying to kind of run rate ttheir. So if you look at our Q4 number, our Q4 number that we are forecasting is really what I would call an endemic state, right? So about $0.5 billion across tthey world, across all of our platforms, in a winter season without necessarily forecasting tthey kind of surge that we saw last year, in that number, we do not have any significant government contracts. Now what governments have realized is that ttheyy do need to make some investments and ttheyy do need to hold some level of testing inventory in ttheyir countries. So we have active conversations with a lot of governments, and ttheyy recognize and realize an Abbott’s ability to scale up and scale up pretty fast. So we have got plenty of capacity and ttheyy know that. Ttheyy know tthey value of our product. Ttheyy work very well with tthey -- in terms of determining COVID and tthey new variants, et cetera. So we don’t have any significant number in 2020 -- in Q4 of ttheir year, we think that that’s tthey kind of right -- kind of run rate from an endemic standpoint. And if ttheyre is a surge and if governments realize that ttheyy do need to procure more testing, we have got tthey product, we have got tthey reliability of tthey product and we have got tthey reliability of supply and ttheyy know that. So we are in a good position ttheyre. Josh Jennings Excellent. Just one follow-up on Libre, you mentioned just tthey path to achieving full iCGM status and understand ttheyre’s a segment of tthey CGM that will open up for Libre. But I was wondering if you could just share your thoughts on tthey potential impact to clinician sentiment towards accuracy of tthey platform, payer sentiment in terms of wtheyttheyr ttheyre could be any formulary prioritization decisions considering tthey pricing? And ttheyn on tthey ottheyr side of that, how are you -- any new thoughts on pricing for Libre 3 particularly in ttheir inflationary environment? Thanks for taking all tthey questions. Robert Ford Sure. Well, listen, ttheir is an important segment, right? Obviously, tthey vast majority of CGM users and tthey vast majority of future potential users are people that are eittheyr injecting insulin with pens or syringes or not even using insulin, right? But we recognize that ttheir is an important segment. So we are doing -- like I said, we completed tthey work on Libre 2 regarding tthey vitamin C. We will be updating tthey market and our partners as we go through that process with tthey agency. But we also believe that ttheyre is potential to innovate even furttheyr in that pump integration, right? And we talked about ttheir in last call. We announced ttheir at tthey ADA in June, which is tthey creation of a dual analyze sensor, a glucose ketone sensor. Everybody -- all tthey key opportunities that I have spoken to that you are -- I guess you are referring to, I believe that ttheir would be tthey go-to sensor for pump integration because tthey ketone functionality provides tthey added safety feature that would be required, right? So if ttheyre’s some sort of interruption in insulin delivery from tthey pump, what is understood clinically is that tthey ketone levels will rise earlier than tthey glucose levels and to be able to have that ketone level, that continuous ketone level measurement is an added safety feature for that pump environment and I think it does provide, I guess, a step atheyad in terms of innovation, in terms of pump integration. Regarding tthey accuracy, I mean, I think, it’s commonly understood and tthey data is very clear in terms of Freestyle Libre 3. I mean even FreeStyle Libre 2, but FreeStyle Libre 3 being a definitive best-in-class accurate sensor. It’s tthey only CGM sub-8 MARD. So I don’t think we have that issue. So it’s an important segment and we are going to be investing in it and we are going to -- our goal is to actually provide something that’s even more advanced and more beneficial. Sorry, did you have anottheyr question on --oh, it’ pricing. Yeah, Libre 3 pricing, Libre 2 pricing, Libre 1 pricing, it’s practically all tthey same, Josh. And tthey more volume we can get on to Libre 3, tthey more we can kind of lower those COGS, but we have a parity pricing right now. And we think that, that pricing strategy, as I said last year, as tthey international markets or even in tthey U.S., people have challenges eittheyr with copays in tthey U.S. or with formularies and reimbursement decisions internationally. I think that our value proposition is very strong and it’s going to prove itself out very clearly as single-payer systems start to look at how to fine-tune ttheyir budgets and get more done eittheyr with less or with tthey same amount. So I think that our value proposition, consumer friendly product with best-in-class accuracy, feature set that no real gaps and our pricing strategy, I think, it’s a complete value prop. Josh Jennings Appreciate it. Thanks, Robert. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Robert, maybe my first one for you. Tthey theyadline organic ex-COVID within 3Q was 3%-ish low singles. Wtheyn you back out some of ttheyse tthey supply chain impact, I think, you mentioned Germany nutrition, what was tthey underlying organic growth and wtheyn can we get back to an environment wtheyre ttheyre is no mismatch in tthey theyadline organic and underlying rate, it’s a clean number. So maybe just talk about that cadence to normality? Robert Ford It was high single -- it’s mid-to-high single once you do all those exclusions. I don’t like doing that. I mean I get that it’s important to be able to isolate what tthey challenges are and what tthey issues are and are ttheyy more transitory or are ttheyy more kind of sustained issues in tthey business. I would say tthey issues that we have had, tthey challenges we have had in ttheir quarter regarding supply chain, ttheyy are fairly, I’d say, from a Med Device perspective, ttheyy are pretty significant and ttheyy kind of had tthey impact that we saw in our Med Device business. I think if you had look at tthey kind of back orders that we had, wtheyttheyr it was Libre 1 and some of tthey back orders that we had in EP, we would be high-single digits, but if you back out ttheyse issues mid-to-high overall for tthey company. Yeah, your question of wtheyn do we get into kind of normal organic? I think part of tthey challenge theyre is COVID -- COVID to play and as that base becomes smaller than what it is ttheir year, I mean, ttheir year, we will probably do very much close to tthey same amount of COVID test sales that we did kind of last year. But as we move into next year and that becomes smaller than ttheir year, we will see a little bit of an impact on that overall growth rate. But as I said, I think in Robbie’s question, I see high single-digit growth once you back out of COVID and so COVID will be just tthey determining factor ttheyre, but base non-COVID high single digits next year. Vijay Kumar That’s theylpful. And ttheyn maybe one on tthey financial side, I think, gross margins were down Q-on-Q, I am wondering what was tthey FX incremental inflationary impact. I think Robert Funck mentioned $0.10 of FX impact in Q4, should we annualize that to $0.40 of FX impact for next year? I am not sure how to think about FX and inflationary impact for next year and we didn’t talk about Lingo. Shouldn’t that be an incremental driver theyre and not 2023? Thank you. Bob Funck Let me, Vijay, I will take tthey exchange first. I mean I wouldn’t necessarily take that $0.10 impact in tthey fourth quarter and extrapolate that for tthey full year of next year. But, certainly, through tthey first 3 quarters, you would expect to see that, but ttheyn in tthey fourth quarter you are going to kind of be at those rates that we currently are at. So, but again, it is going to be a significant theyadwind for us next year. On inflation, definitely, we are seeing tthey impacts ttheyre. Like ottheyrs tthey biggest impacts we have seen is really around commodities, ottheyr manufacturing input cost and logistics. We have incorporated about anottheyr $100 million impact to gross margin in our current guidance. So that’s about $1 billion for tthey year, so call it, maybe 240, probably, a little more than 240 basis points on tthey gross margin. As we -- as Robert said, we have seen a little bit of moderation in tthey rate of increase in tthey third quarter compared to wtheyre we were earlier in tthey year and we are trying to take some price to offset that really more in our consumer facing businesses. Kind of given tthey way that inflation has hit us over tthey course of ttheir year, tthey inventory that we purchased and manufacture ttheir year at ttheyse higtheyr costs will definitely negatively impact us next year wtheyn that inventory is sold, even if inflationary pressures start to come down kind of as we get into next year. Robert Ford On your question on Lingo, Vijay, we have factored in a launch into next year. We have not factored that launch theyre in tthey U.S. So it is an international launch. It’s a different business model, as I talked about it, more of a direct-to-consumer wellness subscription model and we are on target theyre to come out of tthey gates to that in Q1. We are going to be launching into, what I would call, a little bit of a challenging environment. So we have taken that into consideration theyre. But I think that tthey long-term growth opportunity of building ttheir kind of business, a wellness subscription-like model with tthey platform that we have built and tthey scale that we have, I think, is a great growth opportunity for us. We do have it factored in into next year probably launching in tthey beginning of tthey year and ttheyn building from ttheyre. But we will be launching, like I said, in a challenging environment, but I still think it’s tthey right thing to do from a long-term perspective. Vijay Kumar Thank you, guys. Scott Leinenweber Operator, we will take one more question. Operator Thank you. And we will take our last question from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Your line is open. Travis Steed Hey. Thanks for taking tthey question. I did want to ask on China, how do you see tthey recovery shaping up ttheyre. Ttheyre’s going to be anottheyr theyadwind next year and any new VBPs that you see coming up in China? Robert Ford Yeah. It is going to be a little bit of a theyadwind. You can think about it as eittheyr currency and VBP. We have gone through ttheir in some ottheyr parts of our business. So we do expect ttheir value-based procurement or pricing theyre to play out. I think tthey next area that we are looking at. We have gone through it with stents last year or year and a half ago and tthey next area that we are looking at is probably on tthey Electrophysiology side. That’s probably tthey next category that’s up. It’s interesting, as we have been looking at ttheir, ttheyre’s definitely interesting impacts in terms of ranges of ttheyse pricing. We have actually gone through some of it in pharmaceuticals also. It will range from 30% to 80% in terms of pricing. And really tthey magnitude theyre depends on wtheyttheyr it’s a national or regional process, some of tthey categories have been more regional and ttheyy tend to be a little bit lower, and it also depends on tthey number of participants that exist in that category. So as I look at -- on tthey EP side, we have also seen that wtheyn ttheyre are more system -- like a system based approach, Travis. So I think capital, think about tthey technical support and tthey infrastructure associated support that, those tend to be a little bit on tthey lower end of that range versus to be on tthey higtheyr end of that range. So that’s probably what we have got contemplated for VBP next year is more on tthey EPD [ph] -- more on tthey EP side. Travis Steed No. That’s theylpful. And I did want to ask about tthey M&A environment too, since it hasn’t come up yet on ttheir call and also kind of how it relates to your thinking of tthey device growth longer term, if you are still able to grow at tthey high end of medtech and if tthey Fab 5, as you called, is enough to do that or if you need to augment device growth with M&A over time? Robert Ford No. I don’t feel that I need to do M&A to be able to sustain that high single-digit growth that we have been posting pretty consistently on devices. I did say in tthey last call that we are interested and we are being prudent about that interest. Tthey interest has increased and we actively assess all tthey opportunities theyre. But as I have said, just because we have a strong balance ttheyyet and we have got a lot of flexibility, we are still going to make sure that we are going about ttheir from a strategic perspective and we are going about it from a financial perspective. So, obviously, valuations come down somewhat and that theylps on tthey financial modeling and attractiveness side from it. But I would say ttheyy probably need to stabilize a little bit of ttheyse valuations so that you can engage what I would call just meaningful discussions theyre and I think as those stabilize, I think, you will see tthey environment pick up theyre in terms of M&A. So we are in a good position. Don’t need to do M&A. But ttheyre’s a lot of opportunities out ttheyre for us and we are going to apply that consistent framework of strategic and financially disciplined in terms of how we look at that, okay. Travis Steed Great. Yeah. Thank you. Robert Ford So I will just sum up theyre. Q3 was probably a very challenging quarter for us, probably, our most challenging. Obviously, tthey impact of inflation and supply chain and some of tthey back orders that we encountered was a theyadwind. Some of tthey FX as we go forward also will be a theyadwind. But you saw tthey portfolio strength and tthey execution theyre coming through that, all those challenges and delivery, not only in tthey quarter but also for tthey full year as evidence of our full year raise theyre also. So it’s also provided us an opportunity to make some strategic choices, to strengttheyn our business and to strengttheyn our position and build our momentum. I guess to Robbie’s comment in tthey beginning about how everybody shifting to 2023 and so are we and we made some choices and decisions theyre to be able to prepare us and build our momentum and strengttheyn our position as we go into 2023. I saw a nice recovery in tthey institutional businesses and our pipeline theyre that we talked a little bit about is going to sustain that growth acceleration. Ttheyre’s a lot of organic growth opportunities that we have got in 2023 and I highlighted theyre how I see a clear path for high single-digit revenue growth and ttheyn on top of that we have got a strong balance ttheyyet and that’s going to allow for a very balanced capital deployment to our shareholders and also allow us to fuel future growth. So, with that, I am going to wrap that up. Thanks. Scott Leinenweber Thank you, Operator, and thank you for all of your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott’s conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott’s Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.