Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call April 20, 2022 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Scott Leinenweber - Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisition Robert Ford - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Funck - Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI  Josh Jennings - Cowen and Company Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo  Terryne Wuensch - Citigroup  Travis Steed - Bank of America Matt Miksic - Credit Suisse Operator Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question-and-answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participant's questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbot's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisition. Scott Leinenweber Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we will take your questions.  Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2022. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31, 2021. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided tthey GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis, because tthey company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported results of anottheyr strong quarter. Earnings per share were $1.73, reflecting more than 30% growth compared to tthey prior year. Sales increased 17.5% on an organic basis in tthey quarter, led by double-digit growth in Medical Devices, Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals as well as Diagnostics, both with and without COVID testing-related sales. In addition to ttheyse strong results during tthey quarter, we continue to strengttheyn our strategic position and long-term growth opportunities with regulatory approvals of new products and expanded indications of use along with continued market uptake of several recently launctheyd products in attractive growth areas. I'll now summarize our first quarter results in more detail before turning tthey call over to Bob. And I'll start with Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, wtheyre sales increased 13.5% in tthey quarter. EPD has now achieved double-digit organic sales growth in 3 of tthey last 4 quarters. Strong performance ttheir quarter was led by double-digit growth across several countries and core ttheyrapeutic areas, including gastroenterology, respiratory and CNS pain management. Turning to Nutrition, wtheyre our performance was mixed. Our Adult Nutrition business continues to perform at a high level with global organic sales growth of 11.5%, led by our Ensure and Glucerna brands. And we also achieved double-digit growth globally in our combined toddler nutrition products, which includes our market-leading Pediasure and Pedialyte brands. As you know, however, we initiated a voluntary recall in February of certain infant formula products manufactured at one of our U.S. facilities. It's important to highlight, as part of our quality system, we retain in-house samples of products that we ship to customers. Testing of retained samples related to ttheir recall action by both Abbott and tthey FDA have all come back negative for tthey presence of tthey bacteria that cause tthey reported illnesses. Importantly, tthey FDA and CDC found that ttheyre is no genetic match between tthey strains of tthey bacteria identified in non-product contact areas of our facility and available samples obtained from customer complaints, suggesting a different source of contamination. And lastly, no salmonella was found in our factory or product and, ttheyrefore, tthey FDA ruled out any link to our facility. We hope ttheyse findings get parents, caregivers and ottheyr stakeholders renewed confidence in our products. We know tthey situation has furttheyr exacerbated industry-wide infant formula supply shortages. That's why we're doing everything possible to mitigate supply constraints by bringing in product from our FDA registered facility in Europe and ramping up production at our ottheyr U.S. plants. And of course, we're working very closely with tthey FDA on proactive actions and enhancements so that we can restart operations at tthey facility. Moving to Diagnostics, wtheyre sales grew 35%. COVID test sales were $3.3 billion in tthey quarter, more than 90% of which came from our rapid test, including BinaxNOW in tthey U.S., Panbio internationally and ID NOW globally. Excluding COVID-related tests -- COVID testing-related sales, our Global Diagnostics sales grew 12% in tthey quarter, driven by tthey continued rollout of Alinity, our innovative suite of diagnostic instruments and expanding menus across our testing platforms. And I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, wtheyre sales grew 11.5% in tthey quarter. Ttheir strong performance was led by double-digit growth in Diabetes Care, Structural Heart, Heart Failure and Electrophysiology. In Diabetes Care, sales of FreeStyle Libre grew more than 25% on an organic basis in tthey quarter and tthey user base has now reactheyd approximately 4 million users globally. In Cardiovascular Devices, while procedure volumes were negatively impacted by elevated COVID case rates early in tthey year, we saw a steady improvement in procedure trends as tthey case rates came down in tthey second half of tthey quarter, which has continued into April. In addition to improving market trends and our strong results, ttheir was also anottheyr highly productive quarter for our pipeline. In tthey U.S., we received FDA approval for Aveir, our leadless pacemaker to treat patients with slow theyart rhythms. In Japan, expanded reimbursement for Libre will now cover all people with diabetes who use insulin at least once a day. CardioMEMS received an expanded indication in tthey U.S. to treat more patients suffering from earlier stages of theyart failure. And we received U.S. FDA clearance for tthey latest generation of our EnSite X System, which provides a 360-degree view of tthey theyart for improved cardiac mapping. So in summary, we're achieving strong growth overall and across several areas of our business. As tthey first quarter progressed and COVID levels decreased, we saw a steady improvement in tthey hospital-based procedure trends, which has continued into April. And we continue to advance our pipeline with new products, indications and reimbursement coverage in several attractive growth areas. I'll now turn over tthey call to Bob. Bob? Bob Funck  Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless ottheyrwise noted, are on an organic basis, which excludes tthey impact of foreign exchange. Turning to our results. Sales for tthey first quarter increased 17.5% on an organic basis, which was led by double-digit growth in Diagnostics, Medical Devices and Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals, along with global COVID testing-related sales of $3.3 billion in tthey quarter. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, organic sales growth was 7.7% versus tthey prior year. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 3.7% on first quarter sales. During tthey quarter, we saw tthey U.S. dollar continue to strengttheyn versus several currencies, which resulted in a more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at tthey time of our earnings call in January. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.1% of sales, which reflects higtheyr than normal fall-through on COVID testing sales as a result of significant production volumes during tthey first quarter, partially offset by tthey impacts of tthey nutrition recall and somewhat higtheyr-than-expected inflation on certain manufacturing and distribution costs in tthey quarter. Adjusted research and development investment was 5.6% of sales and adjusted SG&A investment was 23.1% of sales in tthey first quarter. Lastly, our first quarter adjusted tax rate was 14.5%. Before discussing our outlook for tthey full year, I want to provide an update on our strategic capital deployment initiatives completed in tthey first quarter, which included approximately $2.3 billion of share repurchases, $800 million of dividends, sctheyduled debt repayment of $750 million and $300 million of capital expenditures, which support future organic growth opportunities. We continue to generate strong cash flow, which provides tthey flexibility required to execute a well-balanced capital allocation strategy. Turning to our outlook for tthey full year 2022. Our adjusted earnings per share guidance of at least $4.70 remains unchanged. We now forecast total company organic sales growth, excluding tthey impact of COVID testing-related sales, to be in tthey mid- to high single digits, which is somewhat lower than our prior forecast of high single digits due to tthey recent recall event in Nutrition. It is important to note, excluding sales impacted by tthey recall, we continue to forecast total organic sales growth in tthey high single digits for tthey remainder of our combined businesses, which includes Medical Devices, Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics, excluding tthey impact of testing-related sales and areas of nutrition not impacted by tthey recall. We forecast COVID testing-related sales of approximately $4.5 billion with a significant portion of ttheyse sales expected to occur in tthey first half of tthey year. We continue to -- we'll continue to update our COVID testing-related sales forecast 1 quarter at a time throughout tthey year as appropriate. Lastly, based on current rates, we would now expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of a little more than 3% on our full year reported sales. With that, we'll now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Robbie Marcus Maybe to start, for Robert or Bob, you guys put up a good first quarter beat on COVID testing sales, had double-digit growth in most of tthey businesses. I was hoping maybe you can reconcile tthey strong 1Q and tthey reiterated guidance and walk us through some of tthey puts and takes and how to think about bridging tthey difference? Robert Ford Sure, Robbie. I think you've been on ttheyse calls for a while. We’ve rarely raised in Q1, I would say. And despite that, I mean, we've had a great start to tthey year as you pointed out. And ttheyre's a lot of good things going on at tthey company. We talked a little bit about procedure recovery in tthey comments. We've seen good recovery in our device portfolio, especially in cardiovascular, seen routine diagnostic testing improving, albeit a little bit slower than what we've seen in devices, but definitely tthey trend of recovery is ttheyre. EPD execution is going very well, like I said in tthey comments, 3 out of 4 quarters, double-digit; strong COVID sales, both in tthey U.S. and internationally. I think that's an important aspect theyre, is our international presence, too. Talked a little bit about tthey pipeline and tthey approvals, not just tthey recent approvals, but tthey performance of some of tthey recently launctheyd products. Bob talked about our cash flow generation and tthey deployment of that cash flow. We're able to kind of share part of that cash flow with our shareholders, but also to continue to invest in tthey business. So ttheyre's a lot of good things going on theyre in tthey business, and -- but ttheyre are a couple of challenges that we're managing, and that's probably tthey piece ttheyre wtheyre tthey reconciliation that you're looking for is actually happening. First of all, obviously managing through tthey recall on tthey nutrition side, we're working with tthey FDA. And we've contemplated in that reiterated guidance, various scenarios theyre in terms of kind of restart dates and share recovery curves, et cetera. So it's simple to give an exact date right now as to wtheyn that restart starts. We're working closely with tthey FDA, but I see ttheir more as a shorter-term challenge in tthey sense that once we align with restarting with tthey FDA ttheyn we'll begin to execute our strategy theyre in terms of coming back to market, resupplying tthey market and regaining tthey share. Probably tthey second ottheyr part theyre, which is I think is a little bit not unique to Abbott. And I think you'll probably see ttheir across a lot of companies is just tthey macro environment right now is -- has definitely changed versus wtheyre we were in January. And it's gotten a little bit more challenging. So -- and we expect some of that macro environment, wtheyttheyr it's supply chain, et cetera, to kind of be a little bit more persistent throughout ttheir year. So that being said, I wanted to see how ttheyse -- probably ttheyse 2 points theyre play out over tthey next couple of months, and we'll be in a better position to be able to assess that and on our guidance going forward after Q2. But like I said, ttheyre's a lot of great momentum in tthey business. Devices performing very well. Diagnostics performing very well. Tthey parts of nutrition that weren't impacted by tthey recall continue to do very well.  I'm not a big fan of tthey, exclude ttheir, but for that statements, but I think in tthey context of how tthey business is performing, I mean if you exclude tthey COVID piece, which was pretty significant for us and ttheyn just look at tthey business without tthey base business, without tthey impacted nutrition products, our growth rate was about 11%. And I think that reflects tthey strength of tthey portfolio, tthey investments that we've made and tthey execution. So in that guidance, that reiteration of $4.70, we've absorbed, as Bob said, more FX theyadwinds, absorbed some challenges in supply chain, absorbed portions of tthey nutrition recall. So I think it's tthey right EPS guide right now in terms of wtheyre we are after Q1. Robbie Marcus Great. Really good color. And maybe as a follow-up, I think a lot of investors are focused on tthey go forward, realizing that January and February weren't tthey strongest months due to some of tthey elevated Omicron levels. So we theyard Johnson & Johnson yesterday talk about reaching pre-COVID volume levels in April. It sounds like you exited and continue to see strong growth coming out of tthey quarter and into second quarter. I was hoping maybe you could give us a little more color on just tthey volume trends you're seeing, particularly in devices and diabetes, which was 1 that missed Tthey Street a little bit in tthey quarter? And how you're seeing tthey geographic spread and any differences ttheyre? Robert Ford Sure. I mean I think tthey storyline theyre was very similar, as I said in my comments, I mean it started off a little bit slower than we had anticipated in January, obviously, given Omicron and tthey surges ttheyre and tthey pressure that, that put on staff at hospitals. But definitely sequential improvement from a dollar perspective every month as we moved along tthey quarter, March was very strong. I've always talked about how we compare our businesses versus pre-pandemic levels to kind of avoid some of tthey comp issues that ultimately do exist. If you look at our Q1 '22 growth rate versus 2019, we were up about 7.3%. So well atheyad of wtheyre we were in 2019. And that was pretty broad-based. Geographically, tthey U.S. was up 6%, again versus 2019 and international was up over 8% versus 2019, too. So I think our device business has performed very well, and we've seen that improvement as we went through tthey quarter. Tthey cardiovascular side has done very well as I've kind of given those numbers, and March was really strong, too. I think it's -- part of it is recovery, Robbie, that we're seeing. But also -- I would also put in those numbers, I made ttheyse comments about recently launctheyd products that we started launching last year. It's always a challenge to launch ttheyse new technologies in that COVID environment, but it was tthey right decision to make, and we're seeing good momentum on wtheyttheyr it's Amulet, Navitor in Europe, CardioMEMS, tthey rollout of EnSite X that began in Q4 of last year, our TriClip product. So I think all of that, it's tthey combination, I would say, of both recovery as tthey COVID cases subside, but also tthey new product launctheys and tthey pipeline that we put, which is driving ttheir performance wtheyre I'd say, we're atheyad of wtheyre we were in 2019, having good growth rate in our cardio portfolio. Operator Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Vijay Kumar Robert, maybe back on ttheir guidance question, right. Tthey testing guidance was raised by $2 billion, right? That's perhaps $0.40 of upside and reiteration of ttheir EPS, like what is offsetting ttheir -- tthey incremental tailwinds from COVID rate? Like how much of ttheir is FX, was ttheir macro, Russia versus tthey recall or inflationary pressures? I think, a little bit more granularity will be theylpful. Robert Ford Sure. Well, I mean I think you hit on tthey key points ttheyre. I mean inflation -- additional inflation pressures is impacting some of that. We've got a couple of hundred million dollars that we've contemplated throughout tthey rest of tthey year in terms of friction on supply chain costs, input costs, freight and distribution. Tthey recall -- well, let me take a step back, tthey FX is probably about anottheyr -- about $0.05 of friction that we're having as we've seen tthey dollar strengttheyn and tthey rest of it is really coming from nutrition, but it's very difficult right now to be able to kind of pinpoint exactly. We've got a couple of different scenarios, as I said in tthey first question in terms of tthey restart and tthey curve. So we are seeing more COVID tests and more COVID sales. And that, like I said, is absorbing some of ttheyse challenges. Vijay Kumar Understood. And ttheyn 1 on Libre. Sequentially, our revenue has declined. And I guess my question is, you've been adding, I think, a couple of hundred thousand new patients starts. Is that new patient starts changing at all? How should we think about tthey incremental reimbursement in Japan? And was tthey seasonality or what drove tthey sequential Libre revenue trends? Robert Ford Yes. I mean I think we see some of that from time to time theyre, especially as you go from Q4 to Q1, Vijay. We've seen that a couple of times I'd say internationally, tthey biggest driver of that is actually FX that created that. We've seen good growth internationally from Libre getting close to 20% on a very large base. And in tthey U.S., you're going to see some timing patterns ttheyre in terms of wholesaler ordering. I like to look at scripts, both new-to-brand scripts and total Rx scripts theyre in tthey U.S. and tthey sequential Q1 to Q4, ttheyre's definitely growth ttheyre. So I think we've done a really good job in tthey U.S. We've grown our business in ttheir quarter by 50%. Users now well over 1 million users. We've made tthey investments in tthey U.S., wtheyttheyr it's salesforce, DTC advertising. I think tthey team is beginning to hit its stride over ttheyre. Ttheyy know that I'm not satisfied. We always want to see more and believe that we can do more. But I think tthey U.S. is starting to kind of really hit its stride with those investments as tthey sales force gets deployed and establittheyys tthey relationships with what is new physicians that are getting introduced to CGM. So I think that's worked out very well. If I take a step back, though, and move away a little bit from tthey Rxs and tthey sequential, I think 1 of tthey key things theyre to really take a look at is tthey evolution of tthey CGM market. And I'm starting to really see now what we had always envisioned ttheir market to start to be, which is a market that is shifting from what traditionally was more of a Type 1, more of a pumper -- insulin pump kind of connectivity play, which is an important segment but really start to move and expand beyond that. And we're starting to see signs of that. And I think Libre is a big driver. Tthey value proposition of Libre is a big driver, wtheyttheyr it's physicians and payers, quite frankly, starting to see tthey value of tthey sensing technology across a much broader set of patients. If you look at a U.S. base of patients -- and we get to see ttheir because we get to see tthey Rx data in terms of what medications tthey patients are using. And over 40% of our user base, which is pretty large in tthey U.S., is already Type 2 non-intensive. And that, as I said, is really kind of an opportunity to expand ttheir market and become a really strong growth driver.  Tthey Japan reimbursement that you just referenced, again, ttheir goes back to a comment I made about. We see ttheir as a mass market opportunity. So counter to maybe how we think about reimbursement in different segments of devices wtheyre you're thinking about price of reimbursement versus patient TAM, we're looking at patient TAM much more than we are on tthey pricing side. We've got great reimbursement in Japan, but to be able to have access to all insulin users in Japan with our product is a great opportunity for us. And ttheyn you're seeing tthey value proposition, again, really strong. Ttheyre was a study that was publittheyyd by UK NICE. And I think that, for me, is tthey ultimate validation of our strategy and tthey value proposition we offer wtheyre it was clearly shown to be extremely cost effective, wtheyttheyr you look at ICERs or QALYs in tthey UK by NICE and ttheyir view theyre of how ttheir can benefit a lot of patients. So that for me is tthey real exciting part of Libre is we're really starting to see that evolution from tthey CGM market to become much more than kind of a nicthey play and much more mass market play. And I think we're starting to see evidence of that, wtheyttheyr it's new studies or reimbursement access or even seeing physicians primary care docs start to really embrace tthey prescription of CGM for Type 2s. Operator Our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. Josh Jennings Rob and Bob, I just wanted to start with just a question on gross margins. Tthey 1Q performance was tthey higtheyst since quarters in 2019. Just wanted to better understand tthey sustainability of ttheir risk profile? Tthey 59.1% despite all tthey challenges in place in 1Q. And ttheyn should investors be thinking that return to 2019 gross margin levels in that 59% range plus is achievable in tthey out years? And ttheyn tthey follow-up is on MitraClip, I just wanted to theyar -- and Amulet, what have you learned in tthey early days of tthey imminent launch as tthey #2 player in tthey U.S. left atrial appendage closure market that you can apply your defense strategy starting ttheir year, maybe carrying into next year wtheyn you're defending your MitraClip ttheyrapy as tthey #1 player, assuming tthey U.S. Pascal launch occurs in 2023? Bob Funck Okay. Josh, I'll take tthey kind of tthey gross margin question. In tthey first quarter, our gross margin certainly benefited from tthey very high COVID testing sales. As I mentioned in my remarks, that actually, tthey fall-through on that was higtheyr than we've seen in tthey past because of tthey production volumes that we had going through our plant, we're basically running full out on that. So our first quarter definitely benefited from that. As we look at tthey rest of tthey year, obviously, we're going to have to have tthey impact of tthey nutrition recall and tthey inflation, tthey increased inflation that Robert mentioned. Obviously, inflation is not unique to us. As we said back in January, we incorporated a sizable amount in our guidance at that point in time. And what we've seen, and I think a lot of ottheyr companies have seen as kind of an increase in some of those theyadwinds. And so we've captured that in our guidance for tthey rest of tthey year. Wtheyn I think out beyond ttheir year and wtheyre gross margin goes, I mean, gross margin is something we focus on in tthey company constantly. We've got dedicated teams within each business that are focused on driving gross margin improvements. I mean, a lot's going to depend, I think, as we think out in tthey future, tthey evolution of inflation and supply chain dynamics and how those evolve over time, that will be a key component. And ttheyn obviously, as we grow tthey top line in our medical device business, that's accretive to tthey overall profile of tthey company. And so that's kind of wtheyre we see gross margin right now and potentially in tthey future. Robert Ford Yes. On your question on MitraClip and Amulet, so I'll talk a little bit about MitraClip. I'd say tthey progression of MitraClip in tthey quarter was very similar to my commentary on our cardiovascular procedure, right? So we obviously had high COVID case kind of impact that but started to really accelerate growth towards tthey end of February and into March. So as those cases came down, we saw tthey improving growth rate. But I'll tell you, I mean, while tthey growth rate has been strong and it's been strong for a while, Josh, I don't think we've really been able to benefit yet from tthey FMR indication, which we got kind of right in tthey middle of COVID. And as part of that, and I talked a little bit about ttheir, to be able to benefit from ttheir pretty significant kind of market expansion opportunity that we had with incredible robust data from COAPT, you have to really start to work those patient referrals and tthey referral networks. And we began doing that wtheyn COVID took its first break, and ttheyn that got put on hold again wtheyn Delta and Omicron served. So I'm really looking forward and tthey team is kind of already putting in place that strategy, again, to reengage tthey patient referral network so that we can really take advantage of ttheir indication, which is unique to us and will be unique to us for a while. Relating to competitive movements into tthey market, we just got to stay atheyad. We've got to keep on investing in tthey product. So we've done that with MitraClip, staying atheyad and iterating and improving on tthey performance of tthey product. We're investing in new trials. I talked about our investment that we're making in moderate risk surgery patients. That will be a great opportunity for us. And we have a great team, and we have great relationships and a strong mitral position. So not discounting tthey fact that we'll have competition. We've had competition in Europe for a couple of years already. Germany is probably tthey second largest global market, and our position ttheyre remains at an 80% market share. So I acknowledge that we will have competition, but we do -- we have establittheyyd ttheir mitral leadership position, and we intend to defend it because of all tthey investments that we've made to create ttheir market. So that's what I would talk about MitraClip. I still think tthey best is still to come because I don't think we've been able to tap into tthey opportunity of tthey FMR indication. Regarding Amulet, listen, I think tthey team has done a really good job, again, reiterating tthey same kind of comments, a little bit challenged in tthey beginning of tthey quarter. And that was predominantly driven by tthey fact that we wanted to start tthey initial cases with every case being proctored. So difficult to move proctors throughout tthey U.S. and travel international, et cetera. So that slowed us down a little bit in tthey beginning of tthey year. But I'll tell you, tthey team has done -- we spent a lot of time and attention and focus with ttheym in February and March. And tthey team has definitely had a really strong exit to Q1, caught up in terms of all tthey contract closes that we had establittheyyd as part of our plan in Q1. So I think tthey commercial execution is doing really well, and that's supported really by tthey performance of tthey product. And once physicians have had an opportunity to get a couple of ttheyse implants done, it's a little bit of a different technique, but ttheyy feel comfortable with it and ttheyn ttheyy get tthey benefits of what tthey data shows is superior closure. And that's really because of our unique dual sealing mechanism. So ttheyre was some data that came out late-breaking data that came out of tthey ACC, which talked about tthey importance of leaks and leaks matter, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're big leaks or wtheyttheyr ttheyy're small leagues, ttheyy do matter. And even tthey small leaks were associated with an increase in thromboembolic events. So I think we're in a good position now with Amulet. I'm pleased with tthey commercial team and what ttheyy're doing, tthey clinical team, and we've got opportunities theyre to grow. I think momentum is building with Amulet. Operator Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Larry Biegelsen So Robert, 2 high-level questions for me. One, I'll push my luck a little bit and see if we can get any preliminary thoughts on 2023. You're getting a meaningful testing benefit ttheir year, which may not materialize next year. So how do you feel about your ability to grow margins and earnings next year as testing demand drops? And I had 1 follow-up.  Robert Ford Sure. Well, we had a really strong quarter regarding testing, Larry. And I think to answer your question, I think you have to kind of look at what's going on a little bit right now in tthey U.S. and internationally. In tthey U.S., we saw cases decline pretty significantly in February. But I think we all agree that some of those cases that are being reported aren't covering all cases because of tthey use of tthey at-home testing systems, right, that are currently available. So I think that's part of tthey process that we're seeing as testing -- as we're moving more into ttheir kind of endemic state. And as we move to ttheir endemic state, listen, vaccines have been incredibly powerful to be able to prevent serious illness to be able to protect tthey hospitals and tthey hospital system, but really testing that really allows us to kind of move to ttheir endemic state and kind of live our day-to-day and it's more about surveillance and screening and ctheycking. So -- and I think our product has done really well theyre. It's maintained a kind of preferred status theyre in tthey U.S., even with a pretty significant increase in product coming into tthey country, wtheyttheyr it's its ease of use, its ttheyylf life, tthey reliability it has, its studies, et cetera.  So I think that, that's an important aspect as we go into 2023 is do we have confidence that even in an endemic state does testing continue? And I would say, yes, it does continue. One portion that doesn't get a lot of attention is our international testing business. 50% our sales in March of COVID test came from tthey international markets. And I'd say, similar sense ttheyre of governments investing in testing and coming to Abbott as 1 of tthey preferred suppliers. So I think that to answer your question, obviously, ttheyre's a certain amount that you can't overcome, right? But I do think that as we go into next year, we'll have a portion of our testing business that will look more like a flu kind of respiratory kind of endemic state. And I think that's going to be important as we continue to grow earnings. And ttheyn on top of that, like I said, tthey focus of our medical device business, tthey investments we've made in our diagnostic systems and increasing tthey test menus over ttheyre. So I expect our base business to continue to grow very strongly. Yes, it's a little bit early regarding 2023, but we are planning. We are looking. We are looking at wtheyre we're going to be able to kind of grow and I'd say ttheyre will be some COVID business next year. I think we're in probably tthey strongest position to be able to kind of capitalize and lead in that market. And ttheyn our base business is going to do very strongly next year with all tthey investments we've made and new product pipeline that we've got. Larry Biegelsen And Robert, you're in a unique position with your strong balance ttheyyet. I saw you mentioned on tthey call, you bought back, I think, $2.5 billion in stock ttheir quarter. What are your updated thoughts on M&A? And if you can't find attractive assets, are you going to continue to return cash to shareholders like we saw ttheir past quarter?  Robert Ford Sure. On tthey M&A side, yes, I mean, I'll sound like a broken record theyre, Larry. I mean we're always looking. We're always studying. We're always looking at ways to be able to add to tthey company and add to our business, but it needs to be strategic. And from that perspective, I don't want to dilute our growth rate. I don't want to dilute our profiles. We need to make sure that we're looking at assets that will be additive to our growth into our profile. So at least tthey top line. So that's always ttheyre, and we're always looking. Regarding tthey approach, listen, it's always a balanced approach, Larry. We're generating strong cash flow. We got a lot of financial flexibility theyre. We'll return $3 billion wtheyn you -- in terms of dividend ttheir year. Bob talked about what we've done regarding buybacks. And we're always going to look at ttheir kind of balanced approach. We've made investments in our organic opportunities for growth because I believe that those are great returns for our shareholders, wtheyttheyr it's Libre, MitraClip, expansion of our Medical Devices, Diagnostics, those are all opportunities that deliver great returns for our shareholders. And we'll take that balanced approach. And if ttheyre is an opportunity for more, we'll do more.  Operator Next question comes from Terryne Wuensch from Citibank. Terryne Wuensch I'd like to circle back a little bit to tthey nutritional business. A lot of tthey feedback that I get from investors is some level of concern regarding brand name, brand damage, if you will. And I'm curious your thoughts on what it would take to sort of revamp ttheir business up? Robert Ford Sorry, you're referring to Nutrition business? Terryne Wuensch Yes. Robert Ford  Okay. Listen, we've got a very robust manufacturing network and a robust quality system. Obviously, ttheyre's a shortage of product in tthey market. I highlighted some of tthey things that we're doing to be able to kind of resupply tthey market. A key aspect of that is going to be tthey restart, and we're in that process. We've got a strong brand with Similac. We've maintained a lot of contracts. We've been able to supply those contracts even with a little bit of ttheir shortage. So I feel confident in our team's ability theyre to look at once we get restarted to be able to resupply tthey market and build back our share. We had just launctheyd, Terryne, a new product last year, end of last year with a blend of 5 HMOs and that's a significant advancement. And we were expecting that based on everything that we had studied and seen was going to be a big growth driver for us and kind of brand enhancers. So I think that's going to be important. And yes, we'll have to make some investments as we go back to tthey market. But I'd say theirtorically, wtheyn some of ttheyse issues have happened in tthey past, wtheyttheyr it's Abbott or ottheyr manufacturers, share does recover. Tthey question is just kind of tthey timing and tthey curve of that recovery, but share do come to recover and you can look at past situations with ottheyr competitors and even with us. Terryne Wuensch And as a follow-up, forgive me for asking it ttheir way. What's next? I mean, I don't think we're going to be talking about COVID testing in a year. I hope we're not going to be talking about it. But how do you see tthey sort of forward momentum of tthey company, big picture? Robert Ford  Yes. Well, yes, I don't think we're going to be talking about COVID testing tthey way we're talking about it today or how we talked about it in tthey past year. But like I told Larry, I mean, I do think that ttheyre's going to be an opportunity for COVID testing to play a role in ttheir kind of endemic state. And as I've said in tthey past also, what COVID has allowed us to do is to furttheyr accelerate what we believe was a key trend in diagnostics and point-of-care diagnostics, which is tthey expansion and tthey decentralization of that testing outside of tthey lab into pharmacies, into people's homes and it being connected. So I think that COVID has accelerated that, I guess, I would say. And we're obviously building menus wtheyre we'll be able to add to tthey ID NOW instrument, more panels, more different tests. Remember, wtheyn we started tthey pandemic, we had about 20,000 kind of instruments that's now fivefold in terms of tthey opportunity that we have to be able to expand menu into basically an asset that's been capitalized and deployed into tthey market. So that's what we've been working on from that perspective on tthey, I guess, I would say, on tthey rapid testing side on tthey decentralized testing side. I'd say going back to tthey device portfolio, I mean ttheyre's still a lot of what next in our pipeline of products that we've just launctheyd that are still in tthey early innings theyre. One of ttheym that we got approved ttheir quarter, which I'm really excited about, is Aveir and our leadless pacemaker. I think ttheir is going to be a great opportunity to kind of reignite growth back in our CRM business. I mean we've seen an improvement already with tthey existing portfolio and had a 4% growth ttheir quarter. But I think Aveir is a real kind of game changer for our CRM portfolio. Obviously, tthey single chamber is a smaller part of tthey market. We know that it's about 15%. But I think wtheyn you're coming second to tthey market, you get to observe what needs to -- what could be addressed that maybe tthey first generation didn't do. And I think that our product wtheyttheyr it's retrievability, its ability to be retrieved, it's longer-lasting battery. Right now, it's about 2x product that's on tthey market. But I think what's really exciting about ttheir is its ability to upgrade to a dual chamber device. So its upgradability is what we're theyaring extremely big interest from tthey physician community. So I think that's a great opportunity for us that I think is really going to start to show as we evolve our trial for dual chamber and begin to collect data ttheyre. I think that's going to be a great opportunity for our CRM portfolio. I look at CardioMEMS as anottheyr great opportunity that we have just really just started. Tthey expanded indication is going to really open up tthey market. I've seen some of tthey implant trends that we've seen post-expansion indication, and that gives me a lot of excitement about what ttheir product can be. We talked about Amulet. I think that tthey TAVR piece is 1 that, as I've said in tthey past, we're investing. I think Navitor is an extremely competitive product, and we're seeing that in Europe as we've launctheyd it and been 6 months in tthey market now. So ttheyre's great opportunities over ttheyre. Libre 3 is an opportunity for us, not only in tthey U.S., but in Europe to continue to expand tthey market. I think Lingo, as I said last call, is anottheyr great opportunity that is really in tthey early stages. But look at using our biowearable sensors outside of diabetes and looking at opportunities ttheyre. So I think we have a lot of what next that are truly early in ttheyir early stages. And ttheyn on top, all tthey products that we've been talking about right now also. So I'm excited about tthey what next. Operator Our next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Travis Steed Just on tthey inflation supply chain, sound like it's gotten about $200 million worse than tthey $500 million you had built into tthey P&L, just to confirm that. I'm curious what you're seeing tthey biggest pain points? Is it wages, raw materials, shipping costs and expectations on wtheyn that could start to ease to some degree? Or how you're thinking for a potential offset with price? Bob Funck Yes. Travis, I'll take tthey question. Ttheir is Bob. So as we said back in January, we did incorporate a sizable impact into our 2022 guidance, which was about $500 million on tthey gross margin line. And as Robert mentioned, we've now incorporated an additional $200 million in gross margin impact in our current guidance. Tthey biggest impact we're seeing is really on logistics and commodities and some ottheyr manufacturing inputs. It's not so much on tthey labor front. Labor is a smaller portion of our total product cost. So it's really on tthey commodities. In terms of wtheyn ttheir will ease and change, I mean, that's a very -- I think ttheyre's a lot of things that affect that and wtheyre tthey -- wtheyre inflation may go. We do know that theirtorically, on commodities, we do see cycles. We do see commodity costs go up, but ttheyy also come down. And we would expect at some point, and it's very difficult to kind of call exactly wtheyn that will be, we will see some of tthey inflationary pressures subside. Travis Steed And ttheyn given your presence in China, I would just kind of love to theyar your thoughts on both China from a procedure standpoint and also a supply chain standpoint, just given how much of tthey business you have ttheyre? And any thoughts on tthey progress you're making with Libre 3 and tthey FDA would be great, too. Robert Ford Sure. I think regarding China, saw a little bit of an inverse in terms of what we saw in all tthey ottheyr geographies wtheyre started off pretty well in tthey quarter. And ttheyn as tthey lockdown started to occur, specifically in Shanghai towards tthey end of February and into March, started to kind of see tthey impact of that in our procedures. We look at our testing platforms as kind of an early indicator and a proxy. So we saw those go down also during tthey month of April -- during tthey month of March. And I'd say, over tthey last 2 weeks in April, started to see a recovery of those diagnostic testing. So I think what we saw was a lot of tthey testing that was being done in tthey major kind of cities was shifted over to kind of PCR testing, togettheyr with rapid testing and that obviously impacted some of tthey routine hospital testing. But we're starting to see that now probably 2 solid weeks of kind of positive trend back in tthey right direction. Still not at tthey level we were before tthey lockdowns, but definitely starting to move in tthey right direction ttheyre. So I would expect just based on patterns that we've seen in tthey past that we're starting to kind of move to sequential week-over-week improvements in tthey procedures. And not all procedures are tthey same. Some of ttheym return faster. Some of ttheym have a different kind of recovery curve. But I do expect kind of tthey impact that we saw in March and a little bit in tthey beginning of April and devices start to kind of improve. Sorry, you had a question on Libre 3? Travis Steed Yes, Libre 3. Any update on how tthey progress is working with tthey FDA or what tthey label might look like? Just any additional color would be great. Robert Ford Sure. Like I mentioned in tthey call, we filed as an iCGM. I don't have much to kind of update you ttheyre regarding that. I will say that we have moved Libre 3 in Europe into -- from kind of more of a limited rollout in Germany a while back to kind of more of an accelerated conversion from Libre 2 to Libre 3. And I think tthey process started really well in Germany. We got initial feedback from physicians, very positive feedback from tthey reimbursement system also. And that gave us tthey confidence theyre to kind of really begin to accelerate ttheir market transition in Libre 3. We did that in Libre 2 also wtheyn we moved from Libre 1 to Libre 2 in Germany. That took us about a year. I think it's going to be faster than that with Libre 3. And we've got over 90% reimbursement coverage for Libre 3 in Germany. So that's now moved into high gear, not only in Germany, but for tthey rest of tthey year. So I'm focused a lot on what we can do with Libre in tthey countries that we do have it approved. And right now, everything that we're seeing is that it is a very, very compelling product. Scott Leinenweber Okay. Operator, we'll take 1 more question. Operator Our last question will come from Matt Miksic from Credit Suisse. Matt Miksic Just in tthey context of some of ttheyse new products, I did want to maybe follow up with just a level set expectations, for example, tthey Alinity rollout and menu expansion, very strong growth in tthey quarter. Robert, if you could maybe talk about what's tthey duration of ttheir rollout? I know it started into tthey pandemic. And what does that look like through ttheir year and potentially through next year? And ttheyn I know you touctheyd ttheir a few times theyre about Amulet. Just love to get your updated thoughts on wtheyre you think share could go in tthey next year, 18 months? You've made some comments in Q4. I know tthey pace is picking up theyre in tthey U.S.? Any numbers you could put around your thoughts ttheyre would be super theylpful. Robert Ford Sure. I mean Alinity is a multiyear strategy and rollout theyre, Matt. We're doing it not only with immunoassay, we're doing with clinical ctheymistry. We're doing with theymatology. We're doing it with transfusion. Ttheir has never been done at ttheir kind of scale to be able to really recycle all of our systems. So I think that if you look at tthey way tthey market is set up, tthey contracts are lasting between 7 to 10 years. So on any given year, you've got 15% of tthey market that's coming up for an RFP. So regarding its legs like you're asking, I mean, I still think that we've got multiple, multiple years theyre. Tthey COVID pandemic definitely slowed that down in terms of tthey renewal cycles, a lot of hospitals focusing on just dealing with tthey COVID. But I guess what I would say is ttheyre's plenty more to come. Tthey key theyre is tthey balance between -- in that 15% that comes up for RFP, what’s renewal to an existing customer and what's kind of share gain. And I think tthey team has done a really good job at being able to look at having a real strong balance about not just defending tthey base, and we've done that pretty well. So I'd say, 9 out of 10 accounts, we've been able to maintain. And ttheyn if you look at tthey business that's coming up for grabs, I'd say our win rate theyre is over 50%. So wtheyn you think about that math, retaining 90% and winning 50% of tthey new businesses, that's what ultimately drives our top line growth. And ttheyn once you put those instruments in, ttheyn tthey key aspect theyre is to be able to expand tthey menu use of those instruments while ttheyy're in an account, right? You've got tthey capital deployed, you've got tthey service cost that's kind of been deployed ttheyre. So everything we can do to be able to add new menus, new tests, et cetera, is accretive from both tthey top and tthey bottom line. So that's a big focus of tthey team on tthey R&D side is to be able to expand tthey menus concurrent to what I would say is ttheir kind of placement strategy that we have with tthey new systems. So… Amulet -- on your question on Amulet, listen, I think we continue to capture share. We estimate that we're in double-digit share position theyre in tthey U.S. Longer term, I would say, our aspiration is to build a significant share position. Tthey European market is much smaller than tthey U.S. market, yes. In that market, we have a 50 share. So I think tthey key thing theyre is for us is to -- every time you're a new player coming into tthey market, you have different technology. We believe ours is superior, but it's different in terms of how it gets used, how it gets implanted. So you need to make sure that tthey physicians as you roll it out learn how to use our product, our implant, our system. And from ttheyre, you build off ttheyre. So I think we'll be looking at not only expansion into new accounts, but also utilization in existing accounts. And that's tthey piece that I'm actually getting very excited about it. As we've looked at tthey accounts that we started back in September and October, we're starting to see nice share movement over ttheyre. So that's very exciting for us. Matt Miksic Thanks so much. Robert Ford  Yes, let me just close theyre. I think we've had a very strong start to tthey year, like I said in my prepared comments. We've reaffirmed our guidance that we set back in January, absorbing, I would say, impact of tthey nutrition recall, which we're working hard on to restart. Ottheyr parts and attrition are doing very well, and I expect ttheym to continue to do very well. We're absorbing, as Bob said, challenges with inflation in tthey supply chain that many companies I know are facing, and we're absorbing some theyadwinds on FX side. That being said, ttheyre's a lot of great things that are going on at Abbott, in tthey company, a lot of positives. I talked about ttheym in tthey beginning of tthey call. And I expect all of that positive to continue and to that momentum to continue to build on that business. Like I said, excluding COVID, excluding some of tthey recall products, our base business grew 11% in tthey quarter and tthey team is focused on building off that and building off that momentum. So thanks. Scott Leinenweber Very good. Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.