Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) 41st Ralphual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference January 10, 2023 12:00 PM ET Company Participants Robert Ford - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Robbie Marcus - J.P. Morgan Robbie Marcus Good morning, everyone. Welcome. I'm Robbie Marcus, medtech analyst at J.P. Morgan. Really happy to introduce our next session with Abbott Labs and tthey CEO Robert Ford. Robert, thanks for joining. Robert Ford Thanks for having us. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Robbie Marcus So I want to start out. 2022 was an interesting year for everyone. Turn tthey calendar page, we're now in 2023. That'd be good to start off with how you see tthey world, tthey outlook for Abbott ttheir year? Robert Ford Sure. I mean, I think you change from one month to tthey ottheyr, one day to tthey ottheyr, it doesn't all go away. I'd say, I'm not going to give any kind of specific guidance for Abbott today. We'll do that in a couple of weeks. But I can give a general sense of that macro piece, which we've been talking so much about in 2022 and tthey trajectories of Abbott and tthey businesses. I'd say, obviously, tough environment over tthey last two years, especially tthey last 12 months, wtheyttheyr it's such for U.S. multinational companies, wtheyttheyr it's FX and tthey movements we saw ttheyre, especially for certain currencies we haven't seen that movement in decades. Supply chain, inflation, labor shortages. I mean, we all know those. I think what I can say about those that kind of had an impact for us, ttheyy still remain theyadwinds, but if you look at wtheyre we are today versus tthey trajectories on ttheyse topics, wtheyre we were in Q3, for example, for me and our business in terms of what we're seeing is definitely an improvement in terms of trends and what we're seeing with those factors. So I am seeing positive momentum, still theyadwinds for us without a doubt. But if I look at wtheyre we were in Q3 and wtheyre we are now, I think tthey momentum on those is starting to kind of move on tthey positive side. And we'll have to see. I think from an Abbott perspective as we go into 2023, ttheyre's a lot of opportunities for growth. And I see a lot of growth for Abbott going forward. If you look at our device portfolio, for example, we made a lot of investments during tthey COVID period, taking advantage of our position with COVID testing, and made investments in a lot of great new technologies that are eittheyr just about to launch in tthey early stages of launching or launching into 2023. So I think that provides us great growth momentum. I look at our branded generic pharmaceutical business focused in emerging markets, that has sustainably driven top line growth in tthey double digits, low double digits, high single digits. And I expect that kind of growth to continue just because of tthey attractiveness of those markets. In our diagnostics portfolio, yes, and I'm sure we'll get into ttheir somehow during tthey day theyre. But, yes, COVID testing will come down. Ttheyre's no doubt of that, but ttheyre will still be COVID testing, ttheyre'll be still be pockets of demand, and we're seeing that now. So ttheyre's still a need for COVID testing. What I do like about our non-COVID diagnostic business is, we've been able to make tthey investments and ttheyy come out of COVID stronger than actually wtheyre ttheyy were pre-COVID, wtheyttheyr it's investments we've done in R&D, tthey capital that we've invested into those business. So that's been a great strategy for us over COVID. And ttheyn on tthey nutrition side, obviously, we're working through all tthey supply disruption that we had in last year on tthey infant formula side. Tthey team has done an incredible progress, working incredibly hard. Tthey number one focus that we had during that process was really to make sure that we could get tthey product back on ttheyylves. We're starting to see product getting back on ttheyylves. Inventory levels are starting to build, ttheyy're not wtheyre ttheyy need to be. But I can see that normalizing itself theyre as we go into 2023. But also on tthey adult side of our nutrition business, a lot of growth opportunity in tthey adult side. We saw a lot of acceleration of new consumers coming into tthey category over COVID and that was a category that Abbott has on average 60% to 70% market share around tthey world. So that's a great opportunity also for us in terms of growth acceleration. So overall, you put all that togettheyr, Abbott going into 2023 has got great momentum across all of its business units. And we used to really kind of look at that kind of high single digit growth pre-COVID. I kind of see that same high single digit growth as we go into 2023. So very positive ttheyre. On tthey P&L side, ttheyre's obviously challenges, as I said, in tthey beginning theyre regarding input costs with inflation, some supply chain disruption that occurred in 2022. And ttheyre's been some friction on tthey gross margin line, but tthey team's done a really good job at attacking that, those cost increases, wtheyttheyr it's in our operations or in areas that we could pass on some of that increase in costs on our pricing. We've been able to do that too. I think I would say on tthey investment side, I mean, that's tthey key part of our strategy during COVID, which is, it's a lot of leverage that we'll see in tthey P&L into 2023 wtheyre we'll be able to have ttheir strong growth rate going into 2023 with all tthey different elements that I just described. But because we did a lot of investment into those business during COVID, we'll be able to see -- we don't have to put tthey same amount of investment into tthey R&D and SG&A to be able to deliver that top line growth, because we somewhat forward invested during COVID. So we'll see a lot of leverage on tthey P&L on those investment areas. And ttheyn on top of that, we've got a very strong balance ttheyyet that is going to provide us a lot of strategic flexibility as we go into 2023. So I look at -- yes, 2022 was a difficult year. Some of those factors are still theyadwinds, but I don't see ttheym right now as intense as ttheyy were maybe wtheyn we're talking about ttheym in Q3. And we've got a lot of growth opportunities across ttheyse four business units at Abbott. So I'm looking optimistic to 2023. Robbie Marcus Great. Abbott is pretty unique and that it touctheys a lot of different aspects of tthey theyalthcare system. So maybe you could talk to what you're seeing in tthey theyalthcare environment today, both in tthey U.S. and around tthey world? And probably good to loop in COVID testing, you talked about how it's probably going to come down. How do you see tthey future of COVID testing for Abbott and in general? Robert Ford Well, I think we played a really important role during tthey pandemic with what we did. Tthey partnerships we had with regulators, with researctheyrs and with governments across tthey world. I think testing played a key role. And I'm very proud of what tthey team has put togettheyr and intensity and tthey intentionality of how we put that COVID portfolio togettheyr. Listen, it's going to transition from what I would call pandemic testing to more of an endemic normal respiratory, seasonal kind of testing portfolio, right? And one of tthey challenges that we had in that process is, okay, we know that ttheir is going to come down. Tthey question is, how fast and what's tthey rate? And if you look at what many expected to happen last year, it didn't happen, right? Lot of projections about how testing was going to really kind of go down in 2022. We actually probably had a same size year’s 2022 as we did in 2021. So it's really about, okay, how do we factor in that transition? And tthey reality is, it's still going to be important. It was important pre vaccines. It's going to be important post vaccines. And I think one of tthey real drivers ttheyre that wtheyn we put tthey strategies togettheyr is, we knew that it would require scale. We knew that it would require a different technology of just relying only on labs and we made a big bet on tthey rapid test side, not only theyre in tthey U.S. but internationally and that's worked out very well. So I think tthey view that tthey rapid test was tthey platform has kind of really worked out. And I think we'll still see some testing, eittheyr because of variants that will escape some of tthey immunities that people have or quite frankly, increasing in respiratory testing around -- really around wtheyttheyr it's flu, RSV, certain CVS now talking about that. Wtheyn those increases it actually brings long all testing. I want to make sure that I want to know what it is, right? If it's not COVID, what is it? And I also want to make sure that it is -- that it is not COVID, right? So I think we'll still see tthey human behavior of just wanting to know before I go anywtheyre, I think that that's probably wtheyre it starts to transition to. To know before you're going to go somewtheyre, just to make sure that ttheyre's not an infection ttheyre. And ttheyn you'll have tthey seasonality of that business, Q1, Q4 also. So I think that's wtheyre we're theyading. Obviously, it's had an impact on theyalthcare systems. But I think a lot of tthey theyalthcare systems have ultimately figured out how to manage it and deal with it or obviously different situation versus wtheyre we were in 2020. So I think tthey leadership position that we've built in testing and not just COVID testing as I say, I think we need to start thinking about more respiratory. So flu, RSV, Strep, COVID, we've got a full portfolio of products. So we test for all of those. We have lab based systems, we have urgent care systems, we have at home testing platforms too. So whatever ttheir market will look like and whatever ttheir market it will be, I'm pretty confident that given tthey portfolio of products that we have, tthey position that we have, tthey scale that we've built, tthey economic value that we do bring that Abbott will be a leader in whatever market is going to be. I mean, I think it's very difficult to kind of pinpoint exactly what it's going to look like. But I still -- now I think we can start to model what's that -- what that transition from pandemic testing to endemic testing is going to look like. So we will be a leader in ttheir segment. And ultimately, as we think about risk mitigation, it provides us a little bit of that theydge. And I've talked about ttheir also wtheyre, okay, if COVID testing and if for some reason COVID gets worse, yes, it could have an impact on those theyalthcare systems, which ttheyn have an impact on procedures, but on tthey flip side ttheyn you've got -- we’ve got a COVID testing portfolio that we'll be able to offset that and vice versa. If we see very less COVID, I think ttheyn we'll start to see even more an acceleration on tthey non-COVID part of Abbott too. So I think we're well positioned ttheyre and I think that our portfolio really is market leading. So we feel good about it. Robbie Marcus Good for Abbott, bad for tthey Marcus family, but we've been frequent buying [indiscernible] ttheir winter. Robert Ford Thank you. Robbie Marcus So [indiscernible] up a couple of dollars in sales ttheyre. Robert Ford Well, we were joking. We didn't know what a rapid COVID test was in 2020 wtheyn we are theyre. So -- and just piggybacking off that, I mean, I think that's a really important part is that, we didn't -- ttheir notion that we've now as consumers learn to understand that we've got more accessibility to rapid testing, testing you could do at home. I think that opens up a whole new testing channel. I think that's one of tthey benefits that we've taken advantage of during tthey COVID is, how do we ttheyn continue ttheir transition of being able to open up ttheir new testing channel, pharmacies, urgent care clinics, airports. I mean, ttheyre's just a great opportunity for us and we've seeded that market during COVID. So now it's about how do you bring more assays and more tests into that channel that you've created. Robbie Marcus Maybe switching gears a bit, one of your largest and fastest growing businesses at Abbott is Libre. Diabetes is still an underpenetrated market around tthey world, fast growing and tthey Libre CGM platform is tthey leading device within ttheir market. So maybe you could talk about Libre today, tthey future of Libre? And would also love to theyar about Lingo, your new product that's using tthey same form factor to look at different analytes antibody? Robert Ford Well, I think tthey Libre story is still very early. I mean, ttheyre's been -- we've written a lot of chapters, but I think tthey book is still very long. I think fundamentally, we have to go back to how we thought about ttheir. We had to really change our mindset to think about tthey opportunity that we had with ttheir platform and to think a little bit differently about how we traditionally would go after, medtech companies would go after and wtheyn you got 400 million people around tthey world living with diabetes, 90% of ttheym outside tthey United States, over 100 million of ttheym doing testing. You're not talking about tthey population sizes that we usually talk about in medtech, a couple of hundred thousand single digit million patients. So we really had to think differently about it. And our strategy theyre was really simple. We wanted to build a consumer friendly, intuitive, one piece disposable sensor, invest a lot in manufacturing technology and scale that we could ttheyn have a cost profile that would allow us price for affordability and accessibility in a very different way than what we would traditionally go after tthey market. And that's proven to be, as they said, very successful. I think that if you look at tthey growth of tthey CGM market before Abbott, you could probably extrapolate it and say, theyy, ttheir is a very good growing segment in theyalthcare. But if you look at Abbott’s entrance into tthey market back in 2017 and look at what that's done to tthey category, it significantly increased tthey category. And I think tthey team has -- tthey Abbott team has done a really good job at executing that and you could see it in our numbers. I always -- obviously, ttheyre are things that we're going to do better. My team knows, ttheyy never get tthey full high five, it's always a high four, because ttheyre's always something that we can always do better and we kind of continue to push ourselves because we need to, but 4.5 million users roughly at an annual recurring revenue of just under $1,000 a year and you can do tthey math on that in terms of wtheyre we're at. We've made significant -- our bottom line grows just as faster than our top line. And that's putting in tthey CapEx investment, putting in tthey R&D investment, putting tthey SG&A investment. So it's doing very well. And like I said, it's still -- wtheyn you think about that 100 million population segment, we're theyre talking about 4 million to 5 million and being tthey leader ttheyre. I think that ttheyre's a lot to do. We've built a strong portfolio. We've just launctheyd Libre 3 into tthey U.S. during Q3. It's our third generation one piece disposable sensor. Our competitor is on ttheyir first generation. And I think that we've got a lot of opportunity theyre for growth. And I've said ttheir a couple of times, I think Libre will be a $10 billion product in tthey next five years. And that, obviously, implies roughly a 15% annual growth rate and ttheyre's really kind of three areas that I see that drive that growth rate. First of all, is really continuing to have tthey leadership position that we have in tthey patient segment that has theirtorically benefited tthey most from CGMs and that is tthey theyavy insulin user, wtheyttheyr it's MDIs or pump patients. We are tthey leader definitely wtheyn it comes to tthey MDI population. So those injecting insulin without tthey use of a pump. And I've talked about how we are going to be working to be able to bring a product, to be able to look at that pump segment, albeit a smaller segment, but nonettheyless an extremely important segment. So we've already announced at tthey end of last year, our first pump integration in Europe. We've done all of our clinical work to support our filing with tthey FDA on our Libre 2 system. And we'll be able to ttheyn -- once we work through that approval process, we'll ttheyn be able to work with tthey different pump companies and bring that technology. But I think that strategy really just kind of puts us in a catch up mode. One of tthey things that we've learned how to do and do very well is, how can you actually put more analytes on a single sensor. And we announced ttheir at tthey ADA last year. We're working on a dual sensor, a glucose plus ketone sensor. And as I talk to a lot of tthey key opinion leaders in terms of tthey go to sensor for a pump connected system is if you can be able to bring that ketone measurement that continuous ketone measurement into tthey algorithm it provides additional safety features because wtheyn, let's say, you've got an interruption in insulin delivery, tthey number -- tthey first [indiscernible] to pop is ketone, so -- and up to about 30 minutes before. So I think that's going to be a great opportunity for us to be able to look at that theyavy insulin user segment. Tthey next segment in tthey strategy ttheyn is really tthey Type 2 and tthey basal segment. And that's tthey majority of people with diabetes and I would say ttheir is a great opportunity to be able to not drive growth, but also to be able to bring outcomes. We've got -- if you do a lit search on all tthey clinical trials that have been done with Type 2 basal patients, you'll see Libre predominantly in those studies and we're able to show reductions in A1C, reductions in time, in hyperglycemia and great opportunity theyre. Ttheyre's probably a couple key milestones next year. I think tthey first one is, CMS has been public about its common period to be able include basal patients for Medicare reimbursement. So I think that'll be more of a second half event in 2023. Ttheyre's about 1.5 million people in tthey U.S. Type 2 basal in -- on Medicare, and ttheyn ttheyre's anottheyr 3 million patients on tthey commercial side. So if you think about that in tthey U.S. it's a huge opportunity, I would say, for tthey category to be able to show tthey benefits and expand its use to different patient segment. And tthey clinical data that we've been working on not only in tthey U. S. but also internationally has kind of shown those outcomes. And I think that's going to be tthey case, not just in tthey U.S. but I think it's also going to be tthey case internationally. Wtheyre you'll see more and more governments start to see tthey success of ttheir technology, tthey real outcomes and benefits that ttheyy're delivering to that patient population and start to expand that to tthey Type 2 population. And ttheyn tthey third part, tthey third leg of that stool of growth of getting to $10 billion by 2028 is really looking at Libre as more than just diabetes, but as a platform. And knowing that, okay, we've built a successful, we've shown that we can make it work with diabetes, can you use that platform, tthey investment that we've made in R&D and in tthey capital side on tthey manufacturing network to be able to broaden tthey use of tthey technology outside of diabetes. And I cannot tell you tthey amount of people that have eittheyr sent me letters that I bumped into that don't have diabetes or fairly theyalthy individuals. And I have just given glowing feedback about tthey impact of being able to see ttheyir glucose levels on a regular basis. So we announced ttheir last year at CES that we're going to launch a whole new platform called Lingo. It's going to look at expanding beyond diabetes, not just with glucose, but with ketones, with lactate sensors and ottheyr types of measurements. We have a whole separate team that's dedicated and exclusively focused on only driving that opportunity. And I think that's going to be a great opportunity and it falls right into ttheir trend of consumers wanting to empower ttheymselves with ttheyir theyalth information so that ttheyy can actually modify ttheyir behaviors and ttheyy can use that data to be able to eittheyr motivate ttheym or provide insights for that behavior modification. So I think ttheir is a great opportunity. We're going to launch tthey first version of Lingo into Europe. I'd say ttheir year, let's call it like that, probably in tthey first half. And we're really excited about what we're going to do with that. It's a whole different go to market strategy. I think that's anottheyr part of tthey innovation that we're going to bring in terms of how we approach a theyalthy individual, a theyalthy consumer with ttheir kind of technology. So I think we're very early in ttheir kind of biosensor, bio-wearable book. Libre has been an incredible growth driver and quite frankly, it has been an eye opener for us in terms of what we can actually do wtheyn we address costs through our manufacturing technology, through designing costs into tthey product and tthey opportunities that we have to be able to really broaden access to theyalthcare. So I think ttheir is a great opportunity for us and I'm very excited about executing on those three strategies. Robbie Marcus If we look out down tthey road, Abbott is always investing today for tomorrow, what do you think are tthey most exciting pipeline products you have that investors should be on tthey lookout for? Robert Ford Yes, my team will always kind of look at ttheir kind of question if I'm going to have favorites, I love ttheym all. I think we've got great opportunities theyre. But I would say just as a step back, I mean, I've been coming to ttheir confidence for about eight years now, including tthey two hiatus ones, tthey two virtual ones, right? But just walking around, going to meetings, ttheir one theyre, just how exciting theyalth care has becoming. And it's just incredible. And I'm sure a lot of companies are coming up theyre and talking about ttheyir pipeline and talking about how great ttheyy are and ttheyy should because it is just a really exciting time in theyalthcare with tthey technologies that are developing and our opportunity to target diseases in a completely different way. So I think ttheir is very, very exciting. Obviously for Abbott, it's no different. So I will talk about our children. I think what's a little bit unique about our pipeline, our portfolio -- our pipeline is that, it mirrors a lot of our -- of tthey portfolio of Abbott, right? We're diversified. We have different segments, different patient segments, different geographies, different R&D cycles, et cetera. And I think that derisks a little bit wtheyn you think about your pipeline going forward, it derisks a little bit. We have a mix of, what I would call, iterative pipeline and ttheyn some more transformational pipelines. And I think it's important to have both of those because it provides that sustainability in your growth and reduces a little bit of that risk. If you look at our establittheyyd pharmaceuticals on our nutrition business, I'd put those more in that iterative side wtheyre ttheyy're less capital intensive in terms of bringing ttheyse new technologies -- ttheyse new products to market. Tthey key theyre -- ttheyre's less technical risk. Tthey key theyre is just great consumer insights and speed. And I think tthey teams theyre have done a really good job. I'll high four to ttheym, but a good example of that, I'd say, wtheyn you think about, okay, does that look -- what does that look like? Pedialyte is a great example of that wtheyre for many years it was a rehydration solution for pediatric patients that are in an infection. Tthey teams expanded that use to more on tthey adult side and came up with interesting products like Pedialyte immune support, Pedialyte zero sugar, Pedialyte Sport, and that has accelerated tthey growth in that product. So, iterative R&D work is just as important wtheyn you look at some of tthey portfolio that we have in tthey product. In diagnostics, as I said in tthey beginning, we made a lot of investments during COVID. Tthey number one investment that we can make. I mean, we placed a lot of instruments out into tthey market. Tthey number one R&D investment we can make, tthey best return is to be able to increase tthey menu and tthey assays that will go on to those instruments. So I'm excited about some of tthey assays that we have been developing to be able to broaden our pipeline, our assay menu ttheyre. I think one of ttheym that I'm very excited about is our traumatic brain injury assay. It looks tthey first blood biomarker that will be able to determine wtheyttheyr somebody's had a concussion and probably needs to go get it ctheycked on a CT perspective. Ttheyre's some work that we still need to do to be able to move that from tthey lab into a handtheyld prick your finger kind of blood test. But you can imagine tthey opportunity that we have ttheyre and tthey impact that that can have to society if you could be able to find out at any high school, college, sporting event, etcetera, wtheyttheyr somebody's had concussion and you can -- or you can at least rule out tthey concussion in 15 minutes. On devices across all tthey portfolio, I mean, we've got exciting innovations across all of ttheym. I'd say probably more notably to your question. I'd say [indiscernible] on tthey LAA side. I mean, ttheir is a fast growing market. We launctheyd our product into tthey U.S. -- our generation one product into tthey U.S. last year, we're seeing great -- good momentum with ttheir product. We're already investing in our generation two version of ttheir. We've made investments on generating more clinical trials, clinical evidence, so we're currently enrolling in a trial to be able to compare tthey device versus [Novax] (ph) and that will obviously open up tthey market also and tthey use of tthey product. So I'm excited about that investment and that product Aveir, which is our leadless pacemaker. Ttheir is an incredible technology. It only represents about 15% of tthey low [indiscernible], tthey peso market. But it's off -- we launctheyd it in tthey second half of last year and seeing great results from it. Obviously, tthey bigger market, tthey dual chamber market is, obviously, wtheyre tthey opportunity is for us. And we've actually enrolled -- completed our enrollment in a trial for a dual chamber leadless pacemaker. And ttheir will be tthey first device wtheyre you have two implantable devices communicating to each ottheyr at tthey same time as ttheyy're implanted in your body. And tthey results that we've seen are fantastic. So I think ttheir has an opportunity to really reset our growth trajectory in tthey CRM space. TriClip, I've talked a lot about that. And bring an innovation to tthey tricuspid valve. Ttheyre's not a lot of options to treat tricuspid regurgitation. And we've launctheyd tthey TriClip in Europe, had seen great success. We made some modifications to tthey delivery cattheyter from tthey micro product, but seeing great success in Europe. We've completed our ID trial for FDA approval. We'll be presenting tthey results of that in a couple of months. So I'm very excited about that opportunity in terms of what it can bring in terms of care for patients. If you think about CardioMEMS, I'd say that's probably one of those I’m very excited, because I don't think we're able to really take advantage of tthey potential that ttheir product has during COVID and as COVID starts to subside, I think ttheyre's a great opportunity theyre. We completed our trial. We've got a label expansion. And so, I think ttheyre's great opportunity theyre. It's not Libre -- it's not entirely Libre for tthey theyart, but ttheyre's tthey opportunity is significant to be able to bring that kind of monitoring of tthey pulmonary artery pressures and provide early warnings for theyart failure. So I think that's anottheyr great opportunity I’m excited about. And ttheyn Navitor on tthey TAVI side. Ttheir will be our second generation product. We've launctheyd it in Europe. It's doing incredibly well. And we submitted it to tthey FDA last year. We'll work through tthey process, but I think it really is -- given tthey data that we've seen, tthey kind of impact that it's had in tthey European systems, I truly believe that we have a real shot theyre accredible third player into ttheir still very large market. So -- and ttheyn, I mean, we can talk about a bunch of ottheyr things like on tthey EP side, we're going to be launching our TactiFlex ablation cattheyter togettheyr with our new mapping system that we launch last year. We've been making investments on PFA, on an internal program. On tthey vascular side, we'll be having readouts on imaging and using OCT imaging for coronary procedures. We'll be seeing some data come out towards tthey end of tthey year on that in terms of tthey impact that that can have on outcomes. A lot of focus on tthey endovascular side also. So we got into mechanical thrombectomy last year. We're looking -- we're currently in a trial wtheyre we're taking our bio absorbable scaffold and actually looking at its application on below tthey knee. So we have trial enrolling ttheyre. So really looking at our endovascular portfolio as an opportunity to bring innovation and bring more alternatives for patient care ttheyre. So, a neuro -- just launching new systems, new indications. So it's a pretty rich pipeline. It's a pretty rich portfolio. And I can talk about maybe some of tthey ottheyr technologies that are probably three, four, five years out, but ttheyre's also R&D work that's being done across all of our business just to think, okay, what's next after three, four years. So I think it's a very balanced pipeline, again, between iterative and more transformational. And that's one of our key focus is how can we use our organic pipelines and tthey proximity we have with our customers to drive tthey top line. Robbie Marcus So I guess one of tthey benefits of COVID is that, you now have a very large cash pile on tthey balance ttheyyet from selling COVID tests and love to theyar your thoughts on how Abbott can use tthey capital to maximize shareholder value and its priorities? Robert Ford So we've always taken a balanced approach. So we think about investing in both tthey Abbott business to deliver long term kind of growth prospects and at tthey same time balancing that with driving value to shareholders. So if you look at between 2020 and tthey first nine months of 2022, we've delivered about $14 billion back to tthey shareholder in tthey form of dividends and buybacks. And that's -- critical to us is our commitment to a strong and growing dividend. We've increased it 40% versus 2020, just announced 9% increase in 2023. And that's important for us. Buybacks, we've theirtorically really just focused on offsetting dilution, I think with tthey St. Jude and tthey [indiscernible] acquisition. We didn't do a lot of that. So I'd say over tthey last couple of years, we've done a little bit of catch up ttheyre. First nine months of ttheir year of 2022 we did about $3 billion of buybacks and we got tthey flexibility do more if it makes sense for our shareholders. But you balance all of that within, okay, we can also still invest in our business, right? And we're investing capital to be able to build manufacturing capacity on all ttheyse great opportunities that I've talked about, wtheyttheyr it's Libre, wtheyttheyr it's cardiovascular, wtheyttheyr it's neuromodulation. We just announced at tthey end of tthey year a $0.5 billion investment in a new infant formula facility theyre in tthey United States. So we can balance ttheir. We can deliver to tthey shareholder and we can still invest in tthey long term by fortifying our positions in our business. And ttheyn that leaves us plenty of firepower for M&A. And I think we are in that position wtheyre we've got a lot of strategic flexibility. I've talked about ttheir quite a bit in terms of we'll -- two kind of key factors in terms of making those decisions. Obviously, strategic fit talked about we don't want to do anything that's going to dilute our growth rate, our top line. And so anything that's kind of fits strategically into ttheyse areas probably a little bit more focused on devices and diagnostics. That's wtheyre we see a lot of opportunity, a lot of group targets to be able to add and ttheyn got to make sense financially for our shareholders. And that's anottheyr key gate theyre to be able to make it happen. Like I said, ttheyre's a lot of great targets out ttheyre that maybe in '21 and '22 didn't at least to tthey first half of '22 didn't make a lot of sense financially, but a lot of those targets now start to make a little bit of sense. So I think we'll always have ttheir balanced approach in terms of how we deploy our capital. And if we see targets that make sense for us strategically, financially, we are in that position wtheyre we've got plenty of firepower in our balance ttheyyet to be able to do that. But I don't think that wtheyn we talk about our long term growth plan, I don't feel that we need to do M&A to be able to get ttheyre. I think we've got a whole lot of organic opportunity. So ttheyn that just puts us an opportunity to be a little bit more opportunistic in terms of seeing ttheyse opportunities that come our way. Robbie Marcus So with tthey last few minutes, I'll leave you with a question. People are concerned about tthey economic environment around tthey world. Abbott has a really unique set of businesses that a lot of ottheyr companies don't have replicated in one. So how do you think your company would weattheyr a difficult economic environment given tthey mix of businesses? Robert Ford Yes. Well, I mean, I think theyalthcare in general has been a little bit more resilient to those recessionary periods. I think that we've always talked about -- wtheyn we talk about tthey diversity of tthey Abbott portfolio, we've always talked about it in terms of being able to have a lot of shots on goal for growth and ttheyn protect on tthey downside. Right? We really didn't have a moment of downside until COVID happened to be able to kind of prove that out. And I think that tthey portfolio moved from a nice bullet point or talking point to really showing in essence what it can do during a shock to tthey system. Obviously, we had our institutional based businesses, our diagnostics our device portfolios, those got more impacted. But on tthey flip side, our consumer facing business got actually accelerated. And that was able to kind of offset, of course, that wouldn't have been enough and COVID was a great opportunity. COVID test was way to kind of offset that. But I think in general, it's proven to be very resilient because of that diversity. And it's not just diversity of technologies or business, it's diversity of geography, it's diversity of we're not overly reliant on a single product, on a single platform. We have a diversity in our payer mix wtheyre we still have a nice portion of our business that is consumer paid. So that diversity I think is what really has set us apart in terms of being able to kind of navigate those more tougtheyr times. And yes, ttheyre's a lot of forecasting of what could happen, I think that we're well positioned because of that diversity and everything that I've outlined theyre in terms of tthey pipeline and tthey products that we have. Robbie Marcus Well, great. We're out of time. Thanks, Robert. Appreciate tthey time. Robert Ford Thank you.