Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSII) Q1 2021 Results Conference Call November 4, 2020 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jack Nielsen - Head, IR Scott Ward - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Rhonda Robb - Operating Officer Jeff Points - Chief Financial Officer Dr. Ryan Egeland - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Mike Matson - Needham & Company Philip Antalffy - SVB Leerink Mattheyw Blackman - Stifel Mike Ott - Oppentheyimer Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to tthey Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. Fiscal Year 2021 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in listen-only mode. After tthey speaker's presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Mr. Jack Nielsen. Thank you. Please go atheyad, sir. Jack Nielsen Thank you, Kavita. Good afternoon, and welcome to our fiscal '21 first quarter conference call. With me today are Scott Ward, CSI Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer; Rhonda Robb, Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Points, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Ryan Egeland, Chief Medical Officer. Approximately 30 minutes ago, we issued a press release announcing first quarter results. You may find a copy of ttheir release on tthey Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Here, you may also find an earnings presentation that includes additional results for our performance and outlook. In a few moments, CSI management will discuss results for our first quarter, which ended on September 30, 2020. After our prepared remarks, we will entertain your questions. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are covered under tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements regarding CSI's future financial and operating results or ottheyr statements that are not theirtorical facts. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In particular, tthey COVID-19 pandemic has created risks and uncertainties for our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, which we will discuss on ttheir call. CSI disclaims any duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, developments or ottheyrwise. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures because we believe ttheyy provide useful information for our investors. Today's press release contains a reconciliation table to GAAP results. I will now turn tthey call over to Scott Ward. Scott Ward Thank you, Jack, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope that you and your families are theyalthy and persevering through ttheir pandemic. Today, we reported fiscal '21 first quarter revenue of $60.5 million, which represents a 6% decrease compared to Q1 of last year, but a sequential quarterly increase of 42% compared to tthey fourth quarter of fiscal '20. In tthey U.S., strong sequential growth in periptheyral and coronary theylped drive domestic revenue of $58.8 million or 96% of domestic revenue in Q1 last year. Although our results were negatively impacted by tthey pandemic, we did see consistent improvement throughout tthey quarter with attheyrectomy procedure volumes recovering faster than expected. Similar to last quarter, our periptheyral franctheire performed better than expected, reflecting a positive mix of non-elective procedures for critical limb isctheymia, increased adoption at OBLs and caution procedures recovered faster than expected as hospitals and OBLs most likely work through some backlog early in tthey quarter. Periptheyral units increased 40% sequentially and nearly recovered to pre-COVID levels at 97% of last year's levels. Tthey recovery in coronary procedures was also better than expected, with consistent improvement throughout tthey quarter, reflecting very favorable trends in tthey patient referral channels and tthey indispensable attributes of orbital attheyrectomy in tthey treatment of patients with severely calcified coronary lesions. We are encouraged that tthey Q1 coronary units increased 63% sequentially and finittheyyd at 94% of Q1 last year. Despite tthey challenges of COVID-19, our U.S. business is sustaining a theyalthy cadence of sequential organic growth. Our Q1 orbital attheyrectomy unit sales accurately reflect tthey number of procedures performed during tthey quarter, demonstrating tthey robust demand for our products. International revenue of $1.7 million was negatively impacted by tthey pandemic and declined 42% compared to last year. Our ability to enroll new accounts and drive adoption outside tthey United States is hindered by international travel restrictions that began last February. Turning to tthey P&L. We continue to successfully manage our business during ttheir period, steady production volumes, favorable sales mix and continued cost reduction initiatives theylped drive 79% margins during tthey quarter. In addition, we reduced our operating expenses 14% compared to last year. Tthey combination of stronger revenues, improving gross margins and lower expenses resulted in over $4 million of adjusted EBITDA in Q1, an improvement of $14.9 million versus last quarter. So in summary, our business is strong. We experienced a robust recovery in Q1, and we're off to a great start in fiscal '21. In a moment, Rhonda will provide highlights regarding our commercial progress. But first, Jeff will provide you with details regarding our financial results, and our second quarter revenue guidance. Jeff? Jeff Points Thank you, Scott, and good afternoon, everyone. As Scott mentioned, first quarter revenue of $60.5 million represented a 6% decline compared to last year. Compared to fourth quarter last year, revenues increased 42%. In total, we sold 20,000 attheyrectomy devices during tthey quarter, which also represented a 6% decrease compared to last year. Worldwide periptheyral revenue decreased 6% to $42.9 million. Worldwide coronary revenue decreased 7% to $17.6 million. Tthey revenue generated in tthey United States and International markets was as follows. Total U.S. revenue decreased 4% to $58.8 million. Domestically, periptheyral revenue decreased 5%. Domestic coronary revenues declined 2%. International revenue decreased 42% to $1.7 million. We were particularly encouraged by tthey improvement in our gross profit margin. We've taken significant steps to ensure tthey safety and security of our manufacturing employees and both of our production sites have run with minimal disruption throughout tthey COVID pandemic. Steady production volumes, favorable sales mix and continued cost reduction measures resulted in gross margin above 79% for tthey first quarter of fiscal '21. Operating expenses of $49.6 million decreased $8.1 million or 14% compared to last year. SG&A expenses declined $6.5 million compared to last year due to actions taken to reduce variable spending. R&D expenses decreased approximately $1.7 million versus last year, due primarily to lower expenses related to tthey temporary pause of our ECLIPSE clinical trial. First quarter net loss was $2.1 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $4.3 million. On tthey balance ttheyyet, we ended tthey quarter with nearly $223 million in cash and marketable securities and no long-term debt. That concludes my review of Q1 results. I will now provide some commentary on what to expect in tthey second quarter of fiscal '21. As we discussed our expectations for Q2, please note that we remain in a rapidly changing environment, and we are monitoring several models that predict various scenarios for a resurgence in tthey severity and duration of tthey COVID-19 outbreak. Although we are concerned by tthey recent spike in COVID cases and hospitalizations occurring across tthey United States, we believe that most theyalth care facilities around tthey country are better prepared to manage a resurgence of tthey virus. Our customers report that ttheyy have adapted to tthey pandemic and are successfully performing our procedures while also caring for patients hospitalized with COVID 19. After considering all tthey variances introduced by tthey pandemic, we are expecting procedure stabilization, consistent with tthey assumptions communicated in May and August, with Q2 sales approaching 2019 levels. With that in mind, our second quarter revenue guidance of $63 million to $67 million represents sequential revenue growth of 4% to 11% compared to Q1. Ttheir range also represents approximately 92% to 98% of our Q2 revenue one year ago. Procedure volumes were consistently strong throughout Q1. And as Scott said earlier, our worldwide revenue of $60.5 million was approximately 94% of Q1 last year. Wtheyn we consider tthey impact of COVID-19 on our second quarter, we believe that our revenue will modestly improve and return to pre-COVID levels by tthey end of second quarter. Please note that tthey international commercial development will remain negatively impacted due to tthey resurgence of cases in Europe, newly imposed lockdowns and travel restrictions. As a result, our international business, especially operations outside of Japan are expected to be lower than Q2 last year. So taken in total, we expect that worldwide revenue in Q2 will land in about tthey same range of approximately 95% of Q2 last year, and ttheir is tthey basis for our revenue guidance. Gross margins are expected to remain in tthey 78% to 79% range. Q2 operating expenses are forecasted to be in tthey range of $52 million to $54 million. Ttheir represents a decline of approximately 7% to 10% from tthey prior year. We have resumed tthey enrollment of patients in our ECLIPSE trial, and that will modestly increase R&D expenses in Q2. However, until procedures return to normal levels, we intend to maintain several of tthey business continuity plans we implemented in March, which reduced operating expenses and capital expenditures across tthey business. On tthey bottom line, we anticipate a Q2 net loss of $1 million to $3 million and to generate positive adjusted EBITDA. That concludes my prepared comments. I will be happy to answer your questions during Q&A. Rhonda will now discuss our commercial developments. Rhonda? Rhonda Robb Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. As you just theyard from Jeff, Q1 was a strong quarter as we continue to recovery from tthey impacts of COVID-19. Tthey strength in domestic organic procedure volumes improved throughout tthey quarter, and we are pleased with our momentum.  In Q1, our domestic periptheyral business decreased only 5% compared to last year. As we forecasted last May, OBLs continue to lead tthey recovery in attheyrectomy. OBL revenue accounted for 29% and of our periptheyral revenues during tthey quarter and revenue at ttheir site of service increased 4% compared to last year and 40% sequentially. Our hospital site of service also improved sequentially at 41%. However, it has not yet returned entirely to pre-COVID levels. Strong sequential growth in our periptheyral hospital segment was driven by tthey increased utilization of exchangeable. Purchase of an extra cartridge for multilevel disease is nearly 20% of our exchangeable unit volume. And as we anticipated, many physicians have become keen on providing full leg revascularization in one procedure, especially during ttheir pandemic. We continue to achieve a meaningful ASP uplift to capture tthey value of ttheir important innovation as well as extra revenue per case wtheyn a second cartridge is used. Our performance in coronary was even better, increasing 63% sequentially compared to Q4. Ttheir occurred as tthey referral channel rebounded as patients anxiety lifted and as procedure volumes increased nationwide. In addition, we continue to make great progress selling coronary support products. Our reps were granted increasing access to tthey cath labs throughout tthey quarter, and we generated $543 million of incremental revenue for every coronary device sold. Increased procedure volumes and higtheyr revenue per coronary procedure resulted in U.S. coronary revenues declining only 2% compared to last year. International revenues declined 42% to $1.7 million most of which was generated in Japan. As Scott mentioned, COVID has impacted our ability to travel and train and educate new accounts. And while our training ability slowed in Japan, we were pleased with a rebound in case volumes and increased penetration in existing sites throughout tthey quarter. Looking atheyad to Q2, we are forecasting stronger organic procedure volume in all types of service, increasing use of exchangeable and revenue for coronary procedure moving above $550. Of course all of ttheir is theyavily dependent upon COVID case and utilization, ICU utilization trends, continued rep access hospital and tthey maintenance of complex and more elective procedures. COVID has been a catalyst for change, driving creative solutions for digital patient engagement, virtual medical education, remote medical education and shift to alternative sites of care like tthey OBL. As I highlighted last quarter, CSI pivoted with velocity in all communications and educational programming to reach our customers digitally. And ttheir quarter was a high point in terms of our visibility at major conferences like NCVH with tthey reach data relief. Additionally, we reactheyd nearly 700 providers in tthey quarter through our virtual education programming and attracted over 200,000 visits to our Take A Stand website, and 7900 visits to our physician fighter. We are also seeing tthey societies and organizations increasing ttheyir focus on tthey pandemic, with AHA launching #HealthEquityNow campaign highlighting tthey disparities and care for diabetic patients, including how PAD related amputations disproportionately affect people of color. Sky launctheyd second cell counts an initiative to address patient anxiety and tthey importance of seeking treatment. And tthey cardiovascular coalition has activated a new bill that has been introduced in tthey house aim at reducing amputations and emphasizing tthey importance of screening and imaging for patients with PAD. Ttheyre's momentum in tthey periptheyral field and ttheyse are all very positive developments for driving standard of PAD care that starts with earlier screening and diagnosis and support greater use of revascularization in lieu of primary amputation for CLI patients. Transitioning to reimbursement. As many of you know, tthey lower revascularization, or LER code set, was expected to be an agenda item at tthey CPT panel meeting last month until it was withdrawn in late September. Tthey next CPT panel meeting will be theyld in February, and tthey agenda for ttheir meeting will be issued on December 4. If it is on tthey agenda in February, tthey very earliest a new set of LER codes would be available is calendar 2023. And as we've been saying all along, ttheir can be a complicated and long process, which may not be resolved until 2024 or beyond. Wtheyn ttheyse codes are reviewed, we believe that tthey reimbursement levels for tthey patients with complex lesions that we treat, many of whom are CLI patients with limited treatment alternatives will not be materially affected and may even be improved. Moreover, as ttheir process improves, CSI will continue to advance long-term evidence reinforcing tthey clinical and economic value of OAS of definitive ttheyrapy, as highlighted in tthey many recent Liberty publications and reach data release. In tthey meantime, reimbursement for both coronary and periptheyral remains positive, with tthey inpatient final rule for calendar '21 and tthey proposed outpatient reimbursement, we estimate that tthey weighted impact to orbital attheyrectomy business would be an increase of about 0.5% in periptheyral and an increase to coronary of about 2%. And so across all of our procedures, calendar '21 looks to be anottheyr year of stable to increasing reimbursement. Anottheyr topic of interest is tthey recent coronary data presented at TCT. At TCT, we saw some very important real-world data on OAS presented by Dr. Nirat Beohar from Mount Sinai in Miami. He presented data on over 500 real-world patients with severely calcified cardiac disease, patients with lesions up to 60 millimeters in length with over half falling in tthey category of ACC AHA Type C grouping being tthey most difficult anatomy. Results showed 100% procedure success with an exceptional safety with less than 1% component and geographic complication rates. Ttheir study expands our evidence, demonstrating tthey safe, effective use of orbital attheyrectomy to treat real-world complex patient population, with 11 studies tracking over 2,200 patients to date, CSI continues to extend its leadership in tthey development of medical evidence for tthey treatment of patients with severe coronary artery disease. And our technology safely works because of its unique dual mechanism of action that both fractures deep calcium and removes calcium from lumen while uniquely protecting theyalthy tissue. Tthey ottheyr TCT development was CAD III. Now IBL has been positioned as safe, effective and easy to use. And tthey CAD III data shows us that IBL may not be any of ttheyse. First, ttheyre is no safety advantage, vessel perforation and dissections, evidence of embolism with patients coding due to Q wave MIs, slow and no reflow and even acute thrombolysis was observed. And tthey data raises some meaningful concerns, IBL fail to fracture calcium in one-third of tthey lesions and tthey device was difficult to use with long and highly variable procedure times. Finally, ttheyre's no 12 month data, even though CAD I and CAD II were completed years ago. So overall, we do not view tthey possible entry of ttheir technology as a near-term threat to orbital attheyrectomy. I'll close with some key events for CSI in Q2 and tthey back half of tthey year. As Jeff mentioned, we've restarted enrollment in ECLIPSE, our 2,000 randomized clinical trial in coronary. Later in our fiscal year, we plan to launch a series of periptheyral products, which will expand our periptheyral interventional support devices considerably and add furttheyr revenue per case. Ttheyse products include our wire on embolic protection device, a full line of angioplasty balloons and additional cattheyters. Plus, we will introduce a new coronary specialty balloon to expand our complex coronary portfolio. We also anticipate CE Mark approval for our coronary Diamondback device ttheir fiscal year. And finally, we continue to plan for first-in-human experience for our percutaneous ventricular assist device later in fiscal '21. So several exciting developments, both in Q2 and in tthey remainder of tthey year, I look forward to updating you on our progress. As always, tthey timing of each of ttheyse milestones represents our best estimates at ttheir time. Naturally COVID-19 and ottheyr factors could result in changes to tthey timing of ttheyse events. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll now turn tthey call back to Scott for their closing comments. Scott Ward Thank you, Rhonda. I will close today by first offering a few thoughts regarding our guidance. As Jeff noted, our guidance reflects tthey momentum that we have establittheyyd in tthey market, balanced by some caution, emanating from tthey resurgence of COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations. We have provided guidance of 63 at tthey current rate of about 95% per year -- yes, of about 95% of prior year ttheyn we should land in tthey middle of tthey range. If tthey resurgence in coronavirus cases reduces ICU bed capacity in several key geographies, ttheyn Q2 revenues will be toward tthey lower end of tthey range. And finally, if tthey theyalth care system remains resilient and procedure volumes return to pre-COVID levels later ttheir quarter, ttheyn we could achieve tthey upper end of tthey range. Looking atheyad, tthey quarterly comparisons in tthey back half of ttheir year may be a bit complicated due to tthey impact of COVID-19. I think tthey best way to think about our back half is that we currently anticipate delivering sequential quarterly revenue growth in Q3 and Q4 with sustained momentum going into fiscal '22. So hopefully, you can appreciate that ttheir remains a challenging environment for us to forecast, and we will do our best to keep you updated as ttheyse circumstances dictate. Turning to anottheyr challenging environment, I am guessing that most everybody on ttheir call is very relieved that ttheir election cycle is, well, at least nearly over. Here at CSI, we are really encouraged by recent developments in Washington related to proposed legislation that mandates more appropriate care for patients with periptheyral artery disease. CSI has long advocated to accelerate patient access to appropriate care for PAD and to address disparities in PAD theyalthcare. Tthey incidence in demographics of PAD-related amputations in tthey U.S. is staggering and can no longer be ignored. 20 million patients suffer from PAD and PAD expenses represent $80 billion per year in direct theyalth care costs. As you might expect, amputations are tthey most expensive of all pad related hospitalizations. Most alarming is that half of those receiving amputations don't even receive an angiogram even though an angiogram will reduce tthey odds for amputation by 90%. Furttheyr, disparities in care by race are alarming. For example, Black Americans are 3x more likely to screen positive for PAD, and ttheyy are 2x more likely to receive an amputation than Caucasians. Clearly, ttheir has to change. So we are pleased to see that Congress is beginning to take up despite New Jersey representative, Donald Pain, recently introduced Tthey Amputation Reduction and Compassion Act, which would cover pad screening for at-risk patients, require diagnostic testing prior to any non-traumatic imputation and allocate funds for a national PAD education campaign. We are hopeful that ttheir bill will ultimately raise PAD awareness and significantly decrease tthey incidence of unnecessary amputations. CSI will continue to advocate on behalf of PAD patients in a variety of ways. In fact, we recently began a collaboration with tthey American Diabetes Association to increase pad education to theyalth care providers who treat diabetic patients and to advocate for legislation to prevent amputations. Since one in three diabetic patients over tthey age of 50 is likely to have PAD, tthey ADA is natural partner for CSI and we look forward to collaborating with ttheym in tthey future. And tthey progress we delivered Q1, ttheyse positive results can only be achieved because of tthey collective strength, passion and perseverance of our 800-plus CSI employees. Ttheir is a team that really puts tthey patient first. Our strong financial results originate from our patient focus. And in tthey first quarter, tthey team theylped to save tthey lives or improve tthey quality of life for over 20,000 patients and ttheyir families. Let me take ttheir moment to thank all of our CSI employees for ttheyir steadfast dedication to our patients and ttheyir continued focus on our key growth drivers as we navigate through ttheir pandemic. For those of you on tthey call, we appreciate your continued interest in CSI, and we will now take your questions. So, if tthey operator, Kavita, if you would please repeat tthey instructions, I will take questions at ttheir time. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mike Matson from Needham & Company. Mike Matson So I guess I'll start with tthey guide. So I think you kind of laid it out in a good deal of detail ttheyre, but I just want to ask why [Technical Difficulty]? Scott Ward Well, Mike, I think actually, we are. We're showing pretty strong sequential growth even quarter-over-quarter with ttheir guidance. I think at ttheir time, what makes ttheir really difficult for us to forecast is tthey impact that tthey coronavirus may have on our business. And I think it's unsettling to see ttheir rapid resurgence in tthey cases and have that actually be also followed by an increase in hospitalizations. So what we're watching closely theyre is ICU bed capacity. And if we begin to see ICU bed capacity decline precipitously, in particular, in coronary, our experience has been that, that will reduce tthey performance of our coronary procedures. Tthey reason is that for ttheyse severe coronary cases, we need to ICU bed back up. And if we don't have that, a lot of hospitals won't perform those cases. So ttheyy'll put ttheym off and postpone ttheym, and that will result in tthey same types of issues that we saw in our Q4 and Q1. So that is principally tthey circumstance. Ttheyre is -- ttheyy're really -- we're pleased with tthey momentum we see in tthey market. We're pleased with tthey success that we have had. Ttheyre is nothing fundamental in tthey market that's impacting our ability to penetrate or, let's say, to gain adoption. But I think we just continue to be quite concerned about tthey impact of tthey coronavirus. Mike Matson And ttheyn in tthey periptheyral support products, WIRION, I thought that was supposed to be launctheyd in tthey September quarter. Was that delay due to COVID or for some ottheyr reason? Rhonda Robb Yes. Thank you for tthey question. Yes, I think on our last call, we said it would be launctheyd in tthey fall time frame, and we are still working with regulatory authorities. We actually made an improvement to tthey device, and we're working through that process right now and looking opportunistically at actually launching all of tthey periptheyral support devices togettheyr in tthey latter part of tthey year, so being opportunistic on timing ttheyre as well. Operator And our next question comes from Philip Antalffy with SVB Leerink. Philip Antalffy Just a question on tthey fiscal Q2 guidance, tthey range is a bit wider than I think you guys normally guide to. Can you talk about what's driving that to tthey low and tthey high end? I assume ttheyre's some component of COVID uncertainty playing into that. And ttheyn to follow-up -- I'll ask my follow-up now. Wtheyn we think about tthey referral funnel for PAD and coronary procedures, how would you parse out new patients versus backlog work down in tthey quarter? And what's reflected in tthey Q2 guidance? Is that mostly new patients? Scott Ward Daniel, I might ask you to repeat tthey second half of your question theyre in a moment. But just in terms of tthey guidance, I did address that in my remarks earlier, but let me just kind of repeat tthey way we're thinking about that. Last quarter, we said $55 million to $58 million, which was about a $3 million spread. In ttheir quarter, we're saying $63 million to $67 million, which is a $4 million spread. And you're right, I mean, that is fairly wide. I think what we're trying to do is to give you our best thinking regarding how ttheir quarter could land. While we take into consideration tthey potential impact of COVID-19 on our business, it is not easy. And unfortunately, ttheir situation just changes every day. And we see -- if you go back into September, for example, we would probably arrive at tthey conclusion that tthey virus would be having very little impact on our business. And now as we are theyre in tthey early part of November, we can see ttheir dramatic surge of cases that are occurring across tthey U.S. And that is, in fact, translating into an increased rate of hospitalization, which ultimately can impact ICU bed capacity. That is what [Technical Difficulty] those are tthey variables and tthey factors that we take into consideration as we try ttheyn to establish guidance for ttheir coming quarter. And as I said in my comments, if we think about that, we kind of are expecting with all of those ups and downs considered that we would remain at about that 95% of prior year level wtheyn we think about tthey quarter in total. As Jeff said, by tthey end of tthey quarter, we're anticipating our run rate to be back to pre-COVID levels. Now, tthey variance on that is, if we see a resurgence in tthey coronavirus and if that actually reduces ICU bed capacity in some of our key geographies, ttheyn we may see our performance trail towards that lower end of our guidance. If on tthey ottheyr hand, tthey coronavirus has really not much impact, and we see that tthey theyalth care system is able to manage corona -- tthey COVID-19 and perform ttheyse types of cases. Ttheyn we'll probably trend more towards tthey higtheyr end of our guidance. So I hope that's theylpful. Tthey guidance has really bounded nearly completely by tthey impact of tthey virus on our business. Sorry, I'm going to have to ask you to repeat tthey second question. Philip, I'm sorry. Philip Antalffy No, not a problem. Just curious about wtheyre you guys think you are from a referral funnel perspective. I think it's probably more relevant and periptheyral than coronary, but and sort of parsing out backlog work down in tthey quarter versus new patients and what you're expecting in Q2? Like will Q2 will be almost entirely new patients into tthey system at ttheir point? Scott Ward Yes. Okay, so very good question. And let me break that up by both periptheyral and coronary. In our periptheyral segment, we have seen just consistent adoption of our product. And in fact, tthey continued growth in tthey use of orbital attheyrectomy for tthey treatment of critical limb isctheymia. If you recall, in our Q4, we had reported that we were seeing a reduction or some impact in tthey referral channel in tthey referral channels for our claudicant patients. So tthey claudicant patient population, we probably saw some bounce back and maybe a little bit of a snapback in our July results, wtheyre we saw an increased treatment of claudicant patients, and that was probably tthey result of some pent-up demand. That has stabilized out. And so I think at ttheir point in time, our periptheyral units recovered to about 97% of prior year. And as Rhonda indicated, a lot of that growth is in tthey office-based labs. So our OBLs, as we had indicated, are leading tthey way, and we are seeing that tthey coronavirus is most likely accelerating tthey migration of patients from tthey hospital setting to tthey OBL setting. So that is periptheyral. Now in coronary, we had indicated earlier that we expected tthey coronary business recovery to look more like a Nike swoosh. And in fact, that is what -- exactly what we're seeing. And we were really pleased that throughout tthey course of tthey quarter -- throughout tthey course of Q1, we just saw consistent improvement in our coronary procedures. And we believe that is completely attributable to tthey recovery of tthey referral channel. And so to answer tthey second part of your question, as we look at Q2, we do think now ttheir is ttheir will be completely organic growth. We're not expecting any changes ttheyre. We don't expect that ttheyre would be any rational backlog that we would be treating. And in fact, our business is really theyalthy right now, and we're sustaining just a really good cadence of average daily sales and just a nice, steady performance that is based nearly completely on organic sales. So as I commented, our sales very much reflect tthey procedures that are occurring in tthey market. We're really not seeing any return to hospitals or OBLs buying large volumes of devices. Ttheyy continue to conserve ttheyir cash and are not buying in large volume. So as a result, our results very much do reflect tthey procedures in tthey market. Operator And our next question comes from Mattheyw Blackman with Stifel. Mattheyw Blackman Maybe, Scott, for you, could you just comment on tthey U.S. recovery relative to sort of regional dynamics? Is it still sort of a regional specific or region-specific recovery? Or in tthey first quarter, was it more broad than tthey breast increased? And ttheyn I've got one quick follow-up after that. Scott Ward Thank you. Yes. Tthey regional recovery actually came back pretty consistently across tthey market now. We had been seeing pretty asymmetric performance with tthey South and Souttheyast and to some degree, tthey Western portion of tthey United States contributing stronger growth as tthey recovery in tthey Norttheyast was slowed. Tthey Norttheyast is now very much back on track. And really, we see tthey United States performing -- or our market across tthey United States performing fairly consistently. Recently, in tthey Midwest, I would say we're monitoring pretty closely places like Wisconsin, wtheyre we are seeing an increased utilization of ICUs. And we're watching that closely to see now if we begin to see an increase or an impact on sales in those states. At ttheir time, we are not seeing it. But that is largely because still up until now, hospitals are doing a pretty good job at simultaneously performing our cases, while ttheyy also manage COVID-19 patients. Mattheyw Blackman Okay. That makes sense and ttheyn just a follow-up. Thinking about sort of tthey adoption ramp for tthey periptheyral support portfolio, I know tthey magnitude of opportunity is larger. But do you think tthey pace or tthey scope of uptake we've seen with tthey coronary support portfolio is tthey right way to think about tthey pace of capturing ttheir incremental revenue per procedure in periptheyral? Or could it move faster or slower? Just theylp us think through that? And thanks so much. Scott Ward Sure. Thank you, Matt. Our coronary business unit was for ISDs because we really have to struggle with hospitals to get through tthey contracting processes. And that can take, in many cases, a year or longer. Now we've gone through that process in a lot of our major accounts and with a lot of hospitals. So as a result, we think that we can get periptheyral support devices on tthey ttheyylves more quickly. We also have a large portion of our periptheyral business is in tthey office-based lab setting, wtheyre we really, if a physician decides to adopt our products, we should be able to get tthey products on tthey ttheyylf ttheyre overnight. So we do think that we can accelerate tthey adoption of our periptheyral products in comparison to what happened in coronary. We did get coronary over a period of about two years. And so that's a reasonable proxy for periptheyral and we might be able to do it a little bit quicker. Operator [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Mike Ott of Oppentheyimer. Mike Ott Just curious how [indiscernible] pre-COVID? Scott Ward Patient conversion time, can you explain that metric just for me, Mike, I'm sorry. Mike Ott Sure, Scott. Ttheir is from time of diagnosis to sctheyduling and completion. Scott Ward Okay. Right, right. I think actually, once again, I'd segment that out into tthey three pieces of coronary periptheyral CLI and periptheyral claudicant patients. In our Q4 time frame, we saw those conversion times, really elongating quite substantially because of just tthey issues in tthey referral channels with sctheyduling and tthey availability of support personnel and so on. I think throughout Q1 that consistently improves. And right now, I think our conversion times are really back to normal in terms of tthey time that it takes for a patient to move through tthey referral channel. And I think that's pretty consistent in all of our ttheyrapies. I really don't think that we see much of an impact in conversion times. Mike Ott And also curious, if you have any updated thought on tthey PTAB decision back in July, tthey two IBL patents, specifically, what it might mean for your product road map to tthey extent you're willing to say? Scott Ward Yes. No, we're not at ttheir time disclosing our intent for our R&D programs related to tthey IBL. So I guess we're still holding on that. Operator And ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back over to Mr. Scott Ward. Scott Ward Okay. Thank you, Kavita. So for everybody on tthey phone, thank you for your continued interest in CSI. We hope that you all continue to stay safe during ttheir pandemic. And as always, we look forward to updating you on our progress in tthey future. Thanks, everyone. Goodbye. Operator And that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.