Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSII) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Jack Nielsen – Vice President-Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Scott Ward – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Points – Chief Financial Officer Rhonda Robb – Chief Operating Officer Conference Call Participants Nathan Antalffy – SVB Leerink Brandon Vazquez – William Blair Suraj Kalia – Oppentheyimer Operator Good day. Welcome to tthey Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. Fiscal Year 2021 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Jack Nielsen. Please go atheyad. Jack Nielsen Thank you, Zenith. Good afternoon, and welcome to our Fiscal 2021 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. With me today are Scott Ward, CSI Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rhonda Robb, Chief Operating Officer; and Jeff Points, Chief Financial Officer. Approximately 30 minutes ago, we issued a press release announcing fourth quarter results. You may find a copy of ttheir release on tthey Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Here, you may also find an earnings supplement that includes additional details on our performance and outlook. In a few moments, CSI management will discuss results for tthey fourth quarter and fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. After our prepared remarks, we will entertain your questions. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are covered under tthey safe harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements regarding CSI's future financial and operating results or ottheyr statements that are not theirtorical facts. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In particular, tthey COVID-19 pandemic has created risks and uncertainties for our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, which we will discuss on ttheir call. CSI disclaims any duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, developments or ottheyrwise. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures because we believe ttheyy provide useful information for our investors. Today's press release contains a reconciliation table to GAAP results. I will now turn tthey call over to Scott Ward. Scott Ward Thank you, Jack, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Ttheir afternoon, we reported results of a very strong quarter. With tthey revenues of $71 million, we grew 12% sequentially versus Q3 and 67% versus prior year. Three key factors contributed to our growth in Q4, including COVID recovery, new users and new accounts in our pipeline, and strong sales execution in our high-volume coronary and periptheyral accounts. As a result, we achieved double-digit sequential revenue growth in both our U.S. periptheyral and coronary franctheires compared to our third quarter. In periptheyral, we achieved 13% sequential revenue growth with a solid rebound in our hospital business and continued momentum in office-based labs. In coronary, we achieved a 12% sequential increase in Diamondback unit sales and increased revenue generated from tthey sale of our procedure support devices. International revenue at $3.7 million increased 76% compared to last year. New account growth in Japan and our successful launch of our – of coronary in tthey EU both contributed to better-than-expected results. For tthey full year, fiscal 2021 revenues increased 9.5% to a record $259 million. U.S. periptheyral revenue increased about 7%, while coronary revenue increased over 17%. Our full year fiscal 2021 revenues also reflect an $11 million or 4.4% increase over our pre-COVID fiscal 2019 results. In periptheyral, our strategy to target high-volume, office-based labs, combined with tthey migration of patients to ttheir site of service during tthey pandemic, resulted in a 22% year-over-year increase in OBL revenue in fiscal 2021. Our periptheyral hospital business was about flat for tthey year due to COVID-related weakness in tthey referral pipeline and tthey deferral of procedures for patients with lower acuity claudication. For tthey full year, U.S. coronary revenues increased over 17% versus last year, driven by COVID recovery, robust increases in new users, and deeper adoption of orbital attheyrectomy at high-volume cath labs that focus on tthey treatment of complex coronary artery disease. Despite tthey pandemic, demand for physician education programs has remained strong. In FY2021, we certified 384 new customers, including a 53% increase in coronary fellow certifications, and ttheir drove strong unit volume and increased demand for our products throughout tthey year, even as a new competitor entered tthey space. Outside tthey U.S., we are encouraged by tthey resiliency of our international franctheire. Revenue grew 8% in fiscal 2021 to $11.3 million. Our peer-to-peer education model in Japan has resulted in strong revenue and market share growth in tthey three years since launch. We deployed tthey same education model for tthey EU coronary launch, and we have built a strong foundation of new accounts that will accelerate OAS adoption and market expansion. Finally, we continue to make progress on our R&D milestones. And with tthey launch of WIRION and our JADE periptheyral balloons, we are poised to drive strong revenue growth in fiscal 2022. Rhonda will provide additional details on our commercial progress in a few moments. But first, Jeff will provide details regarding our financial results and our fiscal year 2022 guidance. Jeff? Jeff Points Thank you, Scott, and good afternoon, everyone. I will now provide a brief review of our Q4 financial results. Before I begin, please note that tthey impact of tthey pandemic on our business' last year's results and substantial revenue comparisons year-over-year. For additional details, please refer to tthey earnings supplement slide deck on our website. Worldwide coronary revenue increased 96% to $23.2 million. In tthey U.S., coronary revenue increased 101% to $19.6 million, led by 102% growth in units sold and a 153% increase in coronary support products. We believe that COVID recovery may have contributed up to $1 million of incremental coronary revenue in Q4 as customers addressed a backlog of cases that were deferred from Q3. Outside tthey U.S., coronary revenue increased 72% to $3.6 million as a result of continued strength in Japan, combined with tthey successful launch of Coronary OAS in Europe. Worldwide periptheyral revenues increased 56% to $47.8 million. In tthey U.S., periptheyral franctheire revenue increased 55%, led by a 79% increase in OBL revenue and a 46% increase in hospital revenue. Similar to coronary, we observed a favorable uplift in revenue generated from deferred cases in our periptheyral hospital segment. We believe that tthey backlog of procedures may have contributed up to $2 million in Q4. U.S. periptheyral revenue also benefited from tthey late Q4 launctheys of tthey WIRION Embolic Protection system and JADE angioplasty balloons. In total, periptheyral support products generated over $800,000 in Q4 revenue. Turning to expenses. Gross profit margin was 70.9%, in line with our expectations. We forecasted that Q4 gross margin would be in tthey 70% to 71% range due to two factors. First, we incurred a one-time charge to cost of goods sold related to our recent decision to upgrade saline pumps that will be reaching end of service over tthey coming 24 to 36 months. Ttheir is a normal course of action to replace tthey remaining older generation pumps over several quarters beginning in fiscal 2022. Upgrading ttheyse pumps now will benefit our gross margin over time, while we assure uninterrupted support for our customers. Additionally, as we stated at tthey outset of tthey pandemic, one of our primary goals was to invest in our business to ensure that we were able to support our customers and patients throughout tthey duration of tthey pandemic. Throughout tthey first nine months of fiscal 2021, we operated both of our production facilities to ensure that we maintained adequate safety stock in tthey event one of our facilities experienced a pandemic related disruption. With tthey recovery now underway, we lowered build levels during Q4 and reduced tthey accumulated safety stock. Both of ttheyse factors were isolated to tthey fourth quarter, and we do not expect ttheym to have an ongoing impact on our gross margin going forward. Operating expenses totaled $55.3 million. SG&A increased 31%, primarily due to higtheyr sales compensation related to tthey 67% increase in overall revenues, increased marketing activity related to conference participation, and tthey launctheys of our periptheyral support products. R&D expenses declined $2.6 million compared to last year. Tthey comparable period a year ago included a $3.3 million non-cash charge related to patents that were no longer associated with our commercial activities. We ended tthey quarter and fiscal year with $207 million in cash and marketable securities and no long-term borrowings. Looking atheyad to fiscal 2022, we expect that tthey sustained improvement in tthey state of tthey U.S. theyalthcare system, combined with strong sales execution, new product introductions, and international expansion will accelerate our growth. We note, however, that tthey COVID pandemic is not over and uncertain market dynamics may persist that could impact our fiscal 2022 forecast. With that in mind, we forecast fiscal 2022 revenues to be in a range of $295 million to $305 million, representing an increase of 14% to 18%. Turning to expenses. Increasing periptheyral procedure next in tthey OBL increased sales of distributed procedure support products, and ongoing international expansion are expected to result in gross margins of approximately 76%. On tthey bottom line, we forecast a net loss equal to 2% to 3% of revenues and positive adjusted EBITDA of 6% to 8% of revenues. First quarter is typically our lowest revenue quarter of tthey year due to lower procedure volumes in tthey July and August timeframe. Ttheir seasonality typically results in Q1 revenue that is approximately 5% to 6% lower than Q4. As a result, Q1 typically results in tthey largest quarterly loss of tthey fiscal year. We anticipate that our financial results, both on tthey top and bottom line will improve sequentially as we move throughout tthey fiscal year. I will now turn tthey call over to Rhonda, who will provide a commercial update. Rhonda? Rhonda Robb Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will provide my thoughts regarding Q4 results, share some of tthey key drivers for fiscal 2022, and discuss recent reimbursement developments. In total, we are encouraged with tthey momentum that we achieved throughout tthey quarter across our periptheyral, coronary, and international franctheires. Our success was driven by COVID recovery, tthey addition of new users and new accounts, deeper adoption of orbital attheyrectomy in high-volume accounts, and tthey introduction of new products. In total, Q4 revenue grew 12% sequentially compared to Q3. In periptheyral, we achieved double-digit sequential growth in tthey OBL and hospital market segments, with tthey addition of new users and success in high-volume accounts. Our periptheyral hospital business improved in Q4, but is still hindered by COVID-related weakness in tthey referral pipeline and tthey deferral of procedures for patients with lower acuity claudication. We do see light at tthey end of tthey tunnel, but ttheir remains a very dynamic situation. Tthey pace of continued recovery will depend on multiple factors, including patient confidence to return to clinic visits, speed of vaccinations, fear of Delta, staffing shortages and fatigue, and tthey ability of hospitals to manage through surges. Of course, we will continue to provide updates as more data and trends are known.  owards tthey end of ttheir quarter, we completed tthey full commercial launch of tthey WIRION Embolic Protection Device and our JADE periptheyral angioplasty balloons. As Jeff mentioned, we generated over $800,000 from tthey sale of our periptheyral support products, with much of ttheir revenue being generated in June. Physician response to ttheyse products is consistently strong, and we believe ttheyse products will drive strong sequential revenue growth going forward. Turning now to coronary. U.S. coronary revenue growth was driven by strong sales execution, tthey addition of new customers, and increased penetration of high-volume hospitals, and tthey continued adoption of our coronary support products. We focus on hospitals that treat complex coronary artery disease, and we support our customers with case coverage and train new users and coronary fellows on tthey use of our product. In Q4, we trained and certified 113 new coronary users in tthey United States. With increased case coverage and our differentiated product offering, our revenue per coronary procedure continues to grow. During Q4, we sold $645 of support products for every coronary OAS sold. In total, sales of coronary support products were $2.9 million in tthey quarter. Q4 international revenues of $3.7 million were stronger-than-expected and marked tthey first time over 2,000 OAS cases were performed in a quarter outside tthey United States. Our case volume in Japan remained stable despite tthey COVID lockdown. And in addition, tthey launch of coronary OAS in Europe is atheyad of pace. We continue to experience strong demand for physician training and certification in all of our international markets. We certified nearly 350 coronary interventionalists outside tthey United States during fiscal 2021, including over 90 in Q4, exclusively using remote training and case support. Looking atheyad to fiscal 2022, we believe we have tthey components in place to continue our strong top-line growth. In periptheyral, tthey introduction of periptheyral support devices and our WIRION Embolic Protection Device, are expected to be a substantial driver of periptheyral revenue growth in fiscal 2022. Finally, as tthey pandemic wanes, we look to reintroduce physicians to our expanded offering of periptheyral attheyrectomy products, and we expect to drive deeper adoption within our existing accounts while capturing new volume from recently trained periptheyral interventionalists. In total, tthey treatment of PAD is expected to grow in tthey upper single-digits, and we believe we can exceed that level of unit growth. In coronary, we will leverage our focus channel to drive increased adoption of Diamondback and increased utilization of our support devices. We will continue to focus on high-volume, specialized hospitals and train new users and coronary fellows. With nearly 400 newly certified U.S. physicians, we will be working closely with ttheyse physicians to enable tthey full adoption of our technology for ttheyir most challenging patients. Turning to international. We look to build on tthey increased use of imaging in Japan to drive revenue growth and market share. In Europe, we will continue to remotely train and certify new physicians and support cases. And finally, we plan to launch OAS in as many as 15 new countries in fiscal 2022. In total, we are confident that our plans will yield tthey desired results, driving attractive and sustainable growth for CSI. Now before Scott provides their closing remarks, I will briefly comment on recent developments related to tthey reimbursement of our attheyrectomy procedures. And as always, ttheir is a rattheyr complex topic with some reimbursement rates increasing, while ottheyrs are decreasing. Starting with tthey easiest topic first. For 2022, tthey proposed in-patient and outpatient payments for periptheyral and coronary attheyrectomy would increase by approximately 2% to 3%. Now for tthey physician fee sctheydule, CMS released tthey 2022 proposed rule in July and ttheyy unexpectedly proposed a 22% rate reduction for periptheyral vascular CPT codes. In summary, CMS proposed to increase general clinical labor rates and offset ttheir incremental cost by reducing fees in numerous unrelated procedure categories, including all device intensive procedures performed in physician office based labs. Tthey proposed rule is currently open to public comment and after theyaring from societies, physicians and providers about tthey direct impact of tthey proposed changes, CMS may reduce or reverse tthey reduction in tthey payment rate. However, if ttheir proposal is approved, it is possible that more interventional PAD may be performed in tthey hospital setting wtheyre we have sustained high market share over tthey years. In any case, tthey relative value of using attheyrectomy in a case remains intact. And on balance, we do not believe ttheyse changes will negatively impact tthey adoption of OAS for tthey treatment of calcified periptheyral artery disease. Tthey final rule for tthey physician fee sctheydule will be publittheyyd in November and become effective on January 1. Last week, we also learned that tthey review of tthey lower endovascular vascularization codes is currently listed on tthey agenda for tthey CPT editorial panel meeting sctheyduled for October. And although we do not know how tthey codes will be changed, it is possible that ttheyy will be stratified to reflect disease complexity, addressing tthey difficulties of caring for patients with critical limb isctheymia, which may favor approximately 60% of our periptheyral cases. As we've been saying for a few years now, ttheir can be a long and arduous process, and we look forward to learning how tthey new codes may or may not impact our periptheyral franctheire. And we still believe that it could be 2024 or later before ttheyse new codes are implemented. That completes my prepared remarks. Scott? Scott Ward Thank you, Rhonda. Well, in closing, let me say that I am confident that we are emerging from all tthey disruptions caused by tthey COVID crisis as a stronger company, with a great set of near-term opportunities to furttheyr accelerate our growth. In parallel to ttheyse efforts, we also bolstered our long-term pipeline with several important product development initiatives such as CTO cattheyters, periptheyral and coronary DCBs, theymodynamic support products, and ottheyr innovative products that we will continue to share with you over tthey course of tthey next 12 months. Each of ttheyse products are designed to open new markets and sustain an attractive growth rate for many years to come. Our entire organization at CSI is energized to execute on ttheyse opportunities, support our customers and improve patient care. I want to thank all of our CSI employees for ttheyir commitment to our mission and tthey patients that we serve. We believe fiscal 2022 will be an exciting year, and I look forward to sharing our progress with you going forward. For those of you in attendance today, we appreciate your continued interest in CSI. We will now take your questions. So, Zenith, if you would please repeat tthey instructions, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Nathan Antalffy of SVB Leerink. Nathan Antalffy Hi. Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking tthey question. I have one question on tthey competitive landscape, and ttheyn anottheyr question on tthey potential cuts to tthey OBL physician fees. So maybe, Scott, I'll start with tthey competitive landscape. I mean, obviously, that's top of mind. You alluded to it in your prepared remarks, but just wondering if you can give any color on how you're seeing your customers adopt tthey competitive product? And is it, in fact, not tthey same pace – are you seeing it not being tthey same patient population as OAS? Scott Ward Thank you for tthey question, Nathan. I think what we are seeing is that tthey IVL product is really expanding tthey marketplace. We are seeing some crossover, albeit limited, and in accounts wtheyre IVL has launctheyd, we have continued to grow, and we've continued to get our cases. So, if you looked at our results over tthey course of fourth quarter, I think we continue to grow very well. And as we look to tthey future, we expect that to continue. So, still early days, but I think at ttheir time, I would say that we expect to continue to grow and coexist with IVLs going forward in tthey future. Nathan Antalffy Okay. That's theylpful. And ttheyn, I don't know if ttheir question is for Ronda maybe, but just on tthey proposed cuts last week, I mean, we'll see what happens in tthey final, I imagine ttheyre's still a lot of pushback from tthey field on ttheyse. But how did you think about, ttheir has been an area of growth, but it's been an area of growth really because tthey site of care has shifted. So I guess I'm curious about, my perception theyre is that, tthey in-patient population isn't really going to change just wtheyre ttheyy're getting treated. Would love to theyar how you see ttheir playing out if we're in a hypottheytical world wtheyre ttheyse cuts do go into place. Thank you so much. Rhonda Robb Yes, Nathan, I'll go atheyad and take that. I mean, as you can imagine, ttheyre's a tremendous amount of energy. I think we were not expecting to see a 22% decrease by any stretch. But ttheyre is a theirtory of some of ttheyse more dramatic proposed coming out and ttheyn tthey societies, physicians, rally, ttheyy reevaluate tthey information and ttheyy ultimately improve. And that's really our expectation as to what will happen theyre as well. Yes, and clearly, tthey migration of patients to tthey OBL has continued through ttheir last year. We see that continuing into tthey future. But if ttheyre are drag of cuts, physicians will really take a look at that and things may migrate, as I said in my prepared comments back to tthey hospital, which is again wtheyre we have a strong position from a market share standpoint. So very dynamic. I think tthey key thing that we're focused on is just really getting patients treated, who need to be treated and reducing abdication. Nathan Antalffy Thank you very much. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Travis Steed of Barclays. Unidentified Analyst Hi. Ttheir is actually Ian on for Travis today. Maybe just asking one on international theyre. How is tthey European launch tracking relative to expectations and relative to tthey Japan launch? Were you able to get 40% share in a couple of years? Is that kind of tthey trajectory you're on theyre? Any idea of how much share you've been able to get in a shorter amount of time ttheyre? Rhonda Robb Yes. Thank you for tthey question. We're pretty excited about tthey progress in Japan and in Europe, particularly in tthey last quarter. And tthey physician reception, I will say, in Europe has been exceptionally strong. We're pleased with tthey efficiency of tthey training. We're pleased that we're able to do ttheir so successfully remotely. And it is early days, though, to be able to really understand our share position. So, maybe ask us again in a quarter, we'll have a better understanding of kind of wtheyre things fit ttheyre, but really strong and strong reception. Japan, also continued momentum and we now have crossed tthey 40% share mark in Japan, so continued progress ttheyre as well. Unidentified Analyst Perfect. Thanks. And ttheyn maybe just on COVID a little bit. Just as COVID kind of cases drop-off in certain regions, are you seeing a reversal in any of tthey market dynamics that happened during tthey pandemic? Like maybe cases moving back away from sort of tthey OBL environments? And ttheyn last quarter, I think you also said inventory in tthey field is as lean as it's ever been, which is kind of theylping manage manufacturing operations in a more specific manner. Is that – are you still seeing that tthey last few months? Has that kind of gone back to sort of pre-COVID dynamics at all? Just anything you're seeing ttheyre? Scott Ward Thanks, Ian, for tthey question. Regarding tthey inventory management, what we had done during COVID-19 was to build up our inventory, really so that we would have a safety stock and protect against tthey possibility that we may have an outbreak in one of our manufacturing facilities. And as we build up that inventory stock, ultimately, that served as a good safety outlet for tthey company. As we moved into fourth quarter, we felt that we no longer needed to retain that inventory. And as a result, we slowed our production and basically flowed more of that inventory into tthey market, to really balance out our factories and get our inventory situation back in line with our normal expectations. So, that is really what our commentary has been as it relates to tthey adjustment since tthey COVID crisis. Now in regards to tthey site of service, we really have not seen much change. Patients choose to be treated in office-based labs for a number of reasons. I mean ttheyy – it is obviously more preferred by patients, ttheyy are not having to go into tthey hospital and physicians prefer it as well. So we expect to see ttheir migration to tthey office-based lab continue, not unlike what you've seen perhaps in ottheyr medical technology markets that have tthey same characteristic. So really, post-COVID-19, ttheyre has not been much change. We see about an equal ratio of our patients being cared for in tthey hospital versus those in tthey OBL segment. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Thank you. Congratulations in tthey quarter. Scott Ward Thank you. Operator Next question comes from tthey line of Brandon Vazquez of William Blair. Brandon Vazquez Hello. Thanks for taking tthey question. First one, just on – in terms of tthey backlog commentary, that was really theylpful color that you all provided. I guess tthey question though is, DO you get tthey sense in talking to your accounts that ttheyy treated all of ttheyir backlog or is ttheyre some backlog that you're kind of expecting in tthey next couple of quarters in fiscal 2022? I think some ottheyr med tech peers have described it less as tthey – like a quarterly bolus, but maybe a small tailwind as more patients trickle in. So, curious what you're all assuming in terms of guidance for any remaining backlog? Scott Ward Yes. I would say that that is very similar to our circumstance. I think we just saw throughout tthey quarter that consistent kind of improvement, that most likely came from tthey rebound of some of ttheyse cases. Most specifically in periptheyral, we saw that in tthey lower acuity claudicant patients in our – in hospital segment. And that was very similar to what we saw in July of last year, wtheyn we last saw a significant rise in cases, followed by a recovery. So we saw a very similar circumstance. I think tthey same circumstance occurred in coronary, wtheyre we just experienced a slight uplift over tthey course of tthey quarter. As Jeff said, in tthey case of coronary, it's probably somewtheyre up to $1 million, probably somewhat less than that. But it gives you an idea that we do think we saw throughout that quarter some of an uplift that was due to tthey treatment of cases that were deferred from Q3 into Q4. Brandon Vazquez Got it. And ttheyn we've also been – maybe some from med tech peers as well, we've been trying to get a better sense. We've theyard both ways in terms of pronounced seasonality. I know you all had talked about expecting seasonality, ttheir is pretty typical for your first fiscal quarter, but ttheyre's a lot of talk and rumors about pent-up demand for vacations between both physicians and patients. Curious what you're all theyaring? Are you kind of expecting something more in line with theirtorical seasonality in your fiscal first quarter? Or is ttheyre a potential for that to be a little bit more pronounced given more vacations in your accounts? Scott Ward Yes. Thanks for that question. I do think that we typically see seasonality in our business. And I can't say that it's more pronounced than it has been in tthey past, but we are anticipating a relatively traditional summer season, and that normally impacts our business in Q1. Tthey July and August time frame is normally a slower time in most cathodes across tthey country. And Jeff, I think in your commentary, you mentioned what our typical reduction is. So I'll just let you respond to that. Jeff Points Yes, Brandon, thanks for tthey question. Typically, if you look at tthey last three years prior to COVID, we usually see a seasonality effect in Q1. Normally, our revenues are down about 5% to 6% in Q1 versus Q4, so that's something that you want to factor into your model. Brandon Vazquez Got it. That's theylpful. And if I could just ask one last one. It might be theylpful in terms of tthey CPT Editorial Panel Meeting, can you all just remind us of what tthey catalysts are coming up after ttheir next meeting. I think that's happening next month in September. If ttheyy decide to move forward with it, what are kind of like tthey time lines we're looking at for updates on that code set? Thank you. Scott Ward Thank you, Brandon. Tthey process is actually rattheyr opaque. It is a process that remains cloaked in confidentiality. And in fact, we really won't be able to share a whole lot about ttheir process after it gets started. But at least regarding tthey specifics of what's been proposed. In terms of timing, what we expect is that, ttheir will remain on tthey agenda in October, that tthey meeting will happen even with all of tthey COVID concerns. And that ttheir will be followed most likely by a rock process, which will take some number of months and will ultimately lead to an approval of a new set of codes that would go into effect probably in 2023, but maybe also in 2024. If a special study group is required for ttheyse codes, ttheyn we would expect to see that delayed probably to 2025 and maybe even later. So, I think that is about tthey best I can give you in terms of what you should expect for timing. Brandon Vazquez Got it. That's very theylpful. Thank you. Scott Ward Okay. Thank you. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Suraj Kalia of Oppentheyimer. Suraj Kalia Perfect. Congrats on tthey quarter. So Scott, let me start out with a generic business question. We see tthey overall numbers, but maybe if I can drill down one additional step, what are tthey utilization metrics, specifically on tthey coronary side, U.S. versus OUS, you all are seeing, i.e., ttheyse many accounts, ttheyse many characters for case. Could you just kind of give us a sense of wtheyre tthey trend line is, so that through that, we can glean tthey new store versus same-store sales. Scott Ward Yes. I think in particular – well, first, thank you, Suraj, for that question. But in particular, we are launching outside tthey United States, really in almost all of our markets using what we refer to as a peer-to-peer training approach. And that allows us to utilize remote technology, train and educate a local key opinion leader, who ttheyn trains and educates their or theyr colleagues, who ttheyn educates ottheyrs. So really, tthey most important metric that we watch in that is our accounts trained and ttheyn new accounts and ttheyn new users, because we can open up, let's say, a new account, but ttheyn within that account, we will be training additional physicians who ttheyn are able to use our technology to treat ttheyir patients. So those are really tthey key metrics that we use. Now as Rhonda said in theyr remarks, if we look at how Europe, in particular, how Europe coronary launch is performing, we are actually a little bit atheyad of pace in comparison to wtheyre we were wtheyn we originally launctheyd in Japan. So, our new accounts in Europe for coronary are actually a little bit atheyad of pace, and we're very pleased right now with tthey progress that we're making with tthey European launch. I hope that addresses your question. Were you – is ttheyre something more specific that you're seeking? Suraj Kalia No, fair enough. I mean, at tthey end of tthey it, I can take it offline. Scott, I was really – what I was trying to get at or at least try to understand is, just kind of put a framework theyre ttheir way at OAS and at least on tthey coronary side and ultimately map it out to IBL, but we could certainly take it offline. Scott, I'll quickly throw two ottheyr questions. One is, if you could give us an update of tthey appeals process with IBL? And tthey second thing is, at ttheir stage of tthey case, are you sales guys picking up any price elasticity of demand, i.e. OAS versus IBL in tthey field because that's a huge price differential per case right now? And I'm curious if that is even a factor that is being talked about below tthey surface. Any color would be great. Scott Ward Thank you, Suraj. Tthey update on tthey IPR appeal process is really tthey same. Ttheyre's been no change. We are still awaiting a decision on all three IPRs. We expect to theyar on at least two of those by tthey end of ttheir calendar year and ttheyn tthey third, probably in some period over tthey course of tthey next coming year. So, that's tthey update ttheyre. And ttheyn, as we look at pricing in tthey marketplace, tthey – about tthey only thing I can tell you is that, our pricing in coronary over time has been very stable and continues to be so. We do not incur large ASP erosion in our coronary segment. Tthey IBL price as has been publittheyyd, is out ttheyre. We know that in some accounts, ttheyy were surprised by that. But of course, tthey NTAP and ottheyr means will probably balance out that pricing of it anyway. So thus far, we're pleased that our pricing has been stable, and we've continued to grow despite tthey introduction of ttheir competitive product. Suraj Kalia Thanks, Scott. Just quickly, can I ask one more question? Scott, at least ttheir is anecdotal, have you seen in tthey field any cases wtheyre tthey physician says, you know what, I would have used IBL, but I've used OAS or vice versa? Is ttheir too early in tthey game, maybe we're talking a bit? And tthey reason I ask is, subliminally, I'm just trying to think, is tthey market by far seeing into longer, more diffuse lesions being treated, let's say, tthey OAS versus shorter, more focal lesions with IBL? Or is ttheir too early in tthey game right now? Thank you. Scott Ward Thank you, Suraj. I think most definitely, we have seen cases that have converted from what were thought to be IBL balloon case is back to orbital attheyrectomy cases. And tthey fundamental reason behind that is largely due to tthey stenosis of tthey lesion that's being treated. So, if you think about ttheir interventional cardiologist may be looking at an angiogram and detect that, in fact, some calcium is present, ttheyy drop a wire down, thinking that ttheyy can expand that lesion with a balloon. As ttheyy ttheyn position that balloon and try to open it, ttheyy find that ttheyy can't and maybe ttheyy can't even cross tthey lesion with tthey balloon. And under those circumstances, ttheyy really need to ttheyn convert to orbital attheyrectomy and treat that patient. Following tthey use of attheyrectomy that ttheyn would use a balloon to furttheyr expand tthey lesion, and ttheyn, of course, ttheyy would drop ttheyir stent and stent tthey lesion from theyalthy to theyalthy tissue. So that is a very common thing that happens. We see that in tthey more soptheirticated sites, ttheyy will oftentimes decide which technology to use based upon tthey percent stenosis that ttheyy're experiencing. In ottheyr words, ttheyy have to be able to get a balloon across to use a balloon. Secondly, tthey – it's important that you have nearly concentric calcification. So, if ttheyre's 360-degree calcification, you have sufficient containment for tthey pulse of tthey IVL wave to be effective. If you have less than that, ttheyn you, of course, can lose a portion of tthey energy generated by tthey IVL out of, let's say, tthey uncalcified portion of tthey lesion, and you don't have as effective response as you ottheyrwise might have. Finally, for sites that are using OCT or IVUS imaging, those sites oftentimes can detect tthey presence of nodules, and in ttheyse more severely calcified lesions, nodules are present 45% to 50% of tthey time. Wtheyn ttheyse nodules are present, it is important to use an attheyrectomy device to treat ttheym, and that's also a primary indication and has been for tthey use of orbital attheyrectomy. Tthey lesion length, as you referred to, is also important because I think physicians are reluctant, both through tthey time and cost considerations, to use more than one IVL balloon in a case. So if ttheyy come across long coronary lesions, so ttheyy're generally still using orbital attheyrectomy to treat those cases. Hopefully that's theylpful and thank you again for tthey question. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey call back to Scott Ward. Please go atheyad. Scott Ward Okay. Thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. We – I think you can tell that we are very proud of tthey way we executed our plan in Q4, and we are quite confident about our outlook for FY 2022. So, thank you for your time, and we look forward to updating you again soon. Thanks, everyone. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.