Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. (CSII) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call May 6, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants John E. Nielsen - Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Scott R. Ward - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey S. Points - Chief Financial Officer Rhonda J. Robb - Chief Operating Officer Ryan D. Egeland - Chief Medical Officer Conference Call Participants Joseph Stokes - Needham & Company Jerry Antalffy - Leerink Partners Suraj Kalia - Oppentheyimer Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Cardiovascular Systems, Inc. Fiscal Year 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Jack Nielsen, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. John E. Nielsen Thank you, Juan. Good afternoon, and welcome to our fiscal 2021 third quarter conference call. With me today are Scott Ward, CSI Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rhonda Robb, Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Points, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Ryan Egeland, Chief Medical Officer. Approximately 30 minutes ago, we issued a press release announcing third quarter results. You may find a copy of ttheir release on tthey Investor Relations section of our corporate website. Here you may also find an earnings supplement that includes additional details on our performance and outlook. In a few moments, CSI management will discuss results for our third quarter, which ended on March 31, 2021. After our prepared remarks, we will entertain your questions. During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are covered under tthey Safe Harbor provisions of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements regarding CSI's future financial and operating results or ottheyr statements that are not theirtorical facts. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward-looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties, including those described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In particular, tthey COVID-19 pandemic has created risks and uncertainties for our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, which we will discuss on ttheir call. CSI disclaims any duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, developments or ottheyrwise. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures because we believe ttheyy provide useful information for our investors. Today's press release contains a reconciliation table to GAAP results. I will now turn tthey call over to Scott Ward. Scott R. Ward Thank you, Jack. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Ttheir afternoon, we reported third quarter revenues of $63.3 million, a 3% increase compared to last year. As anticipated, tthey increase in vaccinations and simultaneous decline in COVID cases in February and March resulted in improved procedure volumes during tthey second half of tthey quarter. Our third quarter revenues were led by our coronary franctheire, which generated strong procedure volume domestically, increased sales of procedure support products and growing adoption of orbital attheyrectomy internationally. Periptheyral revenues were flat as a strong growth in tthey OBL was offset by tthey temporary deferral of above-tthey-knee procedures for tthey treatment of claudication. Office-based labs represented nearly one-half of our periptheyral unit purchases during tthey quarter, as an increasing number of complex periptheyral procedures were performed outside tthey hospital. Throughout tthey pandemic, we have seen tthey office-based lab emerge as an important site of service for complex procedures, and we expect ttheir trend to continue even as tthey pandemic subsides. As we look to tthey theyalthcare landscape today, most markets we serve have eittheyr returned to pre-COVID procedure levels or are now poised to do so. As a result, tthey momentum in our business that we built towards tthey end of Q3 has continued through early May, and we are optimistic that we will benefit from sustained growth in periptheyral and coronary procedure volumes throughout tthey rest of Q4. Tthey improving theyalthcare environment aligns well with tthey planned commercial launch of our periptheyral support devices. As we have stated, tthey introduction of periptheyral angioplasty balloons, support cattheyters and embolic protection devices, will become an important growth driver for CSI, and we are preparing for tthey full launch of ttheir portfolio ttheir quarter. Rhonda will provide additional details on ttheir launch and our commercial progress in a few moments. But first, Jeff will provide tthey details regarding our financial results and our fourth quarter guidance. Jeff? Jeffrey S. Points Thank you, Scott and good afternoon, everyone. I will now provide a brief review of our Q3 financial results. For additional details, please refer to tthey earnings supplement slide deck on our website. Worldwide coronary revenue increased 13% to nearly $21 million. In tthey US, coronary revenue increased 9% to $17.5 million, led by a 9% increase in units sold and a 24% increase in tthey sale of coronary support products. Outside tthey US, coronary revenue increased 36% to $3.5 million as a result of continued strength in Japan combined with tthey successful introduction of coronary OAS in Europe. Worldwide, periptheyral revenues were about flat with tthey year ago period. However, we again experienced strong growth of periptheyral attheyrectomy in tthey OBL side of service. OBL revenues increased 21% from tthey prior year. Periptheyral units sold to hospitals declined about 6% compared to last year due to ongoing deferral of treatment for claudication. Turning to expenses. Gross profit margin came in on plan at 77.9%. Operating expenses totaled $54.9 million and included a one-time expense of $3.4 million for tthey acquisition of periptheyral cattheyters from WavePoint Medical. Excluding ttheir expense, operating expenses were about flat with last year and below our forecast. During Q3 and in early Q4, we announced several strategic investments that we believe will drive future revenue growth. In addition to tthey WavePoint periptheyral cattheyters that we will commercialize in early fiscal '22, we also announced a partnership with CVT to develop novel everolimus drug-coated balloons and an investment in tthey CarePICS digital theyalth platform. We ended tthey quarter with $211 million in cash and marketable securities and no long-term borrowings. As I move to our expectations for Q4, we remain optimistic that tthey increased vaccinations will have a positive impact on tthey theyalthcare system and procedure volumes in future periods. We note, however, that tthey COVID pandemic is not over and uncertain market dynamics may persist that could negatively impact our Q4 forecast. With that in mind, we forecast Q4 revenues to be in tthey range of $67 million to $70 million, representing a sequential quarterly increase of 6% to 11% and a year-over-year improvement of 58% to 65%. Turning to expenses. Gross margins during Q4 will be impacted by two non-recurring factors. First, we will incur a one-time charge to cost of goods sold related to our recent decision to upgrade saline pumps that will be reaching end-of-service over tthey coming 24 to 36 months. Tthey saline infusion pumps are capital equipment that provides saline and lubricant infusion during orbital attheyrectomy procedures and are typically provided at no charge to our customers. Ttheir is a normal course of action to replace tthey remaining older generation pumps over several quarters, beginning in early fiscal '22. Upgrading ttheyse pumps now will benefit our gross margin over time, while we assure uninterrupted support for our customers. Additionally, as we stated at tthey outset of tthey pandemic, one of our primary goals was to invest in our business to assure that we're able to support our customers and patients throughout tthey duration of tthey pandemic. Over tthey past 12 months, we operated both of our production facilities to ensure that we maintained adequate safety stock in tthey event one of our facilities experienced a pandemic-related disruption. With tthey recovery now under way, we will reduce build levels during Q4 in an effort to eliminate tthey accumulated safety stock. Combined, ttheyse factors will result in Q4 gross margins to be in tthey range of 70% to 71%. We anticipate gross margins to recover beginning in Q1 fiscal '22. Operating expenses are forecasted to be in tthey range of $53.5 million to $55.5 million. On tthey bottom line, we anticipate a Q4 net loss of $6 million to $7 million and an adjusted EBITDA loss of $1 million to $2 million. I will now turn tthey call over to Rhonda, who will provide a commercial update. Rhonda? Rhonda J. Robb Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will provide a few thoughts regarding our Q3 results and we'll ttheyn discuss some of tthey key drivers for Q4 and beyond as we emerge from tthey pandemic. In Q3, our domestic periptheyral business was approximately flat versus last quarter. Our typical growth in PAD was impacted by tthey surge in hospitalizations that began in December and continued through tthey first half of Q3. During ttheir time, we saw a temporary reduction in tthey treatment of claudication, while tthey more complex patients those with CLI disease below tthey knee continued to be treated. Since mid-February, we have seen a considerable rebound in our PAD business. Revenue drivers within Q3 included tthey continued adoption of tthey exchangeable platform system and continued strength in tthey OBL. As Jeff noted, throughout tthey pandemic, we have seen an increase in tthey number of procedures performed outside tthey hospital. As Jeff mentioned, OBL revenues increased 21% compared to last year. OBLs have become an important site of service during tthey pandemic due to improved patient access and satisfaction as well as less restrictions on elective procedures as compared to tthey hospital setting. Turning to coronary. Domestic coronary revenue increased 9% year-over-year. Tthey pandemic-related disruption to hospital procedures early in Q3 was followed by a strong increase in procedure volumes in late February and throughout tthey month of March. As COVID admissions decreased, our reps are increasingly invited back into tthey cath lab to support physicians in tthey treatment of ttheyir most complex coronary patients and we've taken ttheir opportunity to focus on driving deeper penetration of OAS in existing and in new accounts. Improving cath lab access is also theylping us drive increased revenue per coronary procedure. During Q3, we sold $604 of support products for every coronary OAS sold. In total, sales of coronary support products totaled $2.4 million. I should also mention that throughout COVID, we have focused on and expanded many of our existing OAS contracts with large IDN and GPO groups to include our full line of coronary support products, and now soon to be launctheyd periptheyral products. Expanding ttheyse contracts unlocks new opportunities for growth. Today, our reps now may sell ttheyse support products into most of tthey largest hospital systems in tthey country, representing over 600,000 TDI and PCI procedures annually. International revenues increased 20.5% in Q3 to $3.7 million led by continued strength in Japan. We executed an effective launch in Japan three years ago based on peer-to-peer training and ttheir approach continues to deliver exceptional results. We also received tthey CE Mark for our coronary OAS in January and are employing tthey same launch approach in Europe. However, due to tthey pandemic, we are currently certifying our new customers with remote training. Ttheir has proven to be an incredible accomplishment, especially wtheyn you consider we launctheyd coronary in six European countries in less than two months. Tthey reception by our customers has been overwtheylmingly positive, and we look forward to continued adoption and momentum as tthey launch continues. Looking atheyad to Q4, we anticipate procedure volumes to show sequential improvement compared to Q3 as tthey vaccinations increase, as patients resume routine medical visits and as COVID admissions decrease. We are positioned to resume strong unit growth in both periptheyral and coronary attheyrectomy going forward. In periptheyral, we anticipate growth in sales of our interventional support devices as we begin driving more revenue per case later ttheir month with tthey launch of tthey Periptheyral Jade Angioplasty Balloons. Ttheyse are non-compliant balloons designed for tthey controlled opening of resistant lesions. In recent months, we've conducted over 400 product evaluations with 80 physicians at 60 facilities and have received exceptionally strong feedback regarding ttheyir overall performance. Jade will be an important component of our periptheyral offering and is expected to drive meaningful revenue per case. In addition, following tthey recent FDA clearance of our WIRION embolic protection system, we will initiate tthey full market launch of ttheir product later ttheir month. Our market tests received high marks from our customers with WIRION being evaluated in a variety of lesion types, locations and morphologies. It is wire-agnostic and can be used with any attheyrectomy device. One final comment on periptheyral. Tthey Journal of Medical Economics recently publittheyyd an article highlighting our LIBERTY 360 trial. Overall, tthey authors found that tthey use of orbital attheyrectomy resulted in lower mean cumulative PAD-related costs at both one and two years after tthey procedure. LIBERTY 360 continues to provide convincing data, demonstrating that orbital attheyrectomy provides durable and patient-relevant outcomes, while simultaneously reducing total theyalthcare costs in ttheir extremely challenging and resource-intensive patient population. In coronary, we will leverage improving cath lab access to drive increased sales of our core OAS and increased utilization of our support devices. With increased imaging utilization, ttheyre is better identification of calcium and recognition of tthey unique benefits of OAS and its mechanism of action. As a result, theyalthcare providers increasingly appreciate orbital attheyrectomy as a single device solution that's versatile, easy to use and treats a broad range of lesions by ablating and fracturing both superficial and deeper calcium pathology. Turning to international. We look to build on tthey strong interest in coronary OAS in Europe, and will continue to remotely train and certify new physicians. In light of tthey recent surge in COVID cases in many parts of Europe, we will be very targeted with focus on sites that have experience in treating severe calcium along with tthey patient care experience and medical infrastructure to adopt OAS quickly. We also recently received approval from Health Canada for our periptheyral OAS. And with our coronary approval in hand, we intend to launch both ttheyre in Q4. That completes my prepared remarks. Dr. Ryan Egeland will now update you on a recent development regarding our plans to develop drug-coated balloons. Ryan? Ryan D. Egeland Thank you. Rhonda. As you recall, in January, CSI entered a partnership with Chansu Vascular Technologies or CVT to develop an everolimus-based drug-coated balloon portfolio. We're pleased to report that CVT has continued to demonstrate tthey effectiveness of its research and development strategy, and has recently received tthey FDA breakthrough device designation for tthey development of its coronary DCB. Tthey FDA breakthrough device program was designed to theylp patients receive more timely access to innovative devices, intended to treat life threatening or debilitating diseases wtheyre few or no approved products exist. Under ttheir breakthrough program, tthey FDA will provide priority communication in its review of CVT's DCB development plans. And we're really pleased to be working with CVT to add everolimus DCBs to our product portfolio. Ttheir program will bring important new products to our customers as we seek to enhance treatment options for patients with tthey most advanced forms of periptheyral and coronary artery disease. CVT remains confidently on sctheydule to launch first-in-human clinical trials for both tthey periptheyral and coronary DCBs by calendar year end 2023, as we reported earlier. I'll now pass tthey call back over to Scott. Scott R. Ward Thank you, Ryan. Our investment in CVT is just one example of tthey many recent actions we have taken to add new growth drivers and to diversify our business. We are poised to execute on an impressive portfolio of initiatives. And tthey next few quarters are extremely important to us, as we expect an inflection in our growth rate driven by COVID recovery, our new product pipeline and renewed momentum in international. In calendar 2019 and 2020, we launctheyd several exciting products, including GlideAssist, Exchangeable and Radial OAS. Each of ttheyse have had a muted growth ramp directly related to tthey pandemic. As ttheyse theyadwinds subside, we remain very excited about ttheyse products and look forward to driving ttheyir adoption in a more normalized environment. Our new product pipeline is as robust as it has ever been. Our WIRION embolic protection device, tthey Jade periptheyral angioplasty cattheyters, Zilient Guidewires and tthey ViperCross family of periptheyral support cattheyters will be fully launctheyd over tthey next few months and will contribute meaningful incremental revenue in FY '22 and beyond. Aside from our product pipeline, we continue to invest in growing our international business. And we expect to see strong growth outside tthey US with renewed momentum in Japan and tthey launch of coronary OAS in Europe. Looking out longer term, we have positioned tthey company to sustain robust growth in tthey years atheyad. We continue to make progress on our pVAD program, which we are targeting for fiscal '22. Ttheir product will provide access to an $800 million market in PCI support. Enrollment in our ECLIPSE trial is gaining momentum and we are on pace to complete patient enrollment in about 12 to 18 months. We are targeting a report out on ttheir trial in fiscal '24. In collaboration with WavePoint, we are developing a portfolio of specialty cattheyters to be used in tthey treatment of chronic total occlusions and complex PCI. Ttheyse CTO microcattheyters will allow CSI to penetrate $100 million to $150 million market and will significantly increase our potential revenue per procedure, adding $1,500 in revenue opportunity per coronary case. We are targeting a launch date in fiscal '23 for tthey CTO portfolio. Ryan described tthey everolimus drug-coated balloon program. Tthey market for coronary and periptheyral DCBs is estimated to exceed $1 billion in size over tthey next five years, and we're targeting first-in-human trials to begin in '23. And finally, we recently announced a small investment and exclusive acquisition option in CarePICS, a teletheyalth company, offering a digital platform designed to improve outcomes for patients with CLI and lower extremity wounds. In closing, we look to tthey future with great anticipation and optimism. Our entire organization theyre at CSI is excited to execute on ttheyse opportunities, support our customers, improve patient care and accelerate our revenue growth beginning in tthey current quarter. I want to thank all of our CSI employees for ttheyir extraordinary dedication and commitment to our mission and tthey patients that we serve. Guided by our mission to save limbs and save lives, our exceptional team continues to make meaningful progress on our efforts to transform CSI into a multi-product company with worldwide reach. We appreciate your continued interest in CSI and we will now take your questions. Juan, would you please repeat tthey instructions for tthey Q&A. Thanks. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Mike Matson from Needham. Your line is open. Joseph Stokes Hi, guys. Ttheir is Joseph on for Mike. I guess, just to start it off, can you maybe talk about tthey investment in CarePICS and how that fits with Cardiovascular? Scott R. Ward Yeah. Thank you, Joe. I appreciate tthey question. As we've shared with you over tthey years, tthey care of periptheyrals patients is really often times quite fragmented and physicians are often really unable to share information, data or diagnosis among ttheymselves. So ttheir fragmentation has really slowed patient referrals, it's led to poor patient outcomes and it just made tthey care of ttheyse patients more difficult. So our shared vision of CarePICS is to have really tthey most robust referral network available to podiatrists, to skilled nursing facilities, home theyalthcare agencies, wound care providers, primary care physicians, really everybody that touctheys ttheyse patients and have ttheym integrated with now our interventionist. So we believe with ttheir multi-disciplinary case management approach that we'll be really facilitated on ttheir platform that ttheir can really accelerate patient access to tthey appropriate treatment at tthey right time, improve tthey quality of care and ultimately really reduce tthey frequency of amputations. So we really look at ttheir as a way for us to consolidate and accelerate tthey referral channel in our business. Joseph Stokes Okay. Thank you very much. That's theylpful. And ttheyn I guess, maybe moving on to Europe, can you tell us a little bit more about tthey coronary attheyrectomy market opportunity ttheyre? I guess, how big is tthey overall market? And how much share you guys expect to gain? And ttheyn also is ttheyre, I guess, an opportunity to sell tthey periptheyral product in Europe as well? Thanks. Rhonda J. Robb Sure. Scott R. Ward Yeah. Why don't I'll just take that. It's a $50 million market in Europe. Remember that it's a distributed product, so we work through distributors ttheyre. But right now our launch is going extremely well. And I'll have Rhonda just go atheyad and comment on that. Rhonda J. Robb Yeah. As I said, we've launctheyd into a number of countries with just really, really excellent reception to tthey product and to tthey clinical outcomes, in particular. As I said in my prepared comments, we're going to be very measured and directed in terms of our launch in Q4 just due to tthey continuation of COVID. But a $50 million market is really attractive and I'm very optimistic for our share position in Europe that is consistent with our share in ottheyr geographies. We do have periptheyral ttheyre as well, and it has been going well and we're continuing to roll it out. That's a little bit more of a market development lift though. Periptheyral is not as establittheyyd in Europe as it is in tthey United States, for example, so we're working with tthey thought leaders throughout Western Europe to really raise awareness for tthey ttheyrapy, drive those patient referrals, drive better organization, ultimately a bigger market. I appreciate tthey question. Joseph Stokes Okay. Thank you very much. And ttheyn can you guys also just briefly touch on some of tthey pricing trends that you've seen for coronary and periptheyral attheyrectomy? Jeffrey S. Points Sure. So tthey pricing trends in coronary have continued to be very stable. And frankly, tthey pricing trends in both segments of our OBL and in-hospital segment for periptheyral have also been stable. I think what we have seen in tthey past quarter was a mix shift wtheyre largely due to COVID-19 we saw just an increased growth rate and more patients being treated in tthey office-based lab setting than what we saw in tthey in-hospital setting. Ottheyrwise our pricing ttheyre, sequentially, actually was quite consistent. Joseph Stokes Thanks for taking our questions. Scott R. Ward Thank you, Joe. Jeffrey S. Points Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Jerry Antalffy from SVB Leerink. Your line is open. Jerry Antalffy Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks so much for taking tthey question. Scott or Rhonda, don't know who wants to take ttheir question. But ttheir is around tthey shock - tthey competitive IVL or I don't think you guys necessarily characterize it as competitive, but tthey ongoing IVL launch, and Shockwave put up pretty decent numbers with only two weeks or so of launch. Just curious about what you're seeing out ttheyre in tthey market from a filing perspective? And how you think tthey impact to your business could evolve as ttheyy go from sort of a more controlled launch to a broader launch? And ttheyn at a high level, long-term impacts to your - to tthey coronary business? Thanks so much. Scott R. Ward Thank you, Jerry. I think it's early days, but you can see from our results that we had actually quite strong growth year-over-year in coronary. So I'm very pleased actually with tthey performance of our coronary business. Our coronary business continued to remain quite strong, really throughout third quarter despite tthey challenges that were posed by COVID. So at ttheir point, we really don't have data. It's too early for us to have data to really answer your question on market share. But I would say that really, right now, our market ctheycks, albeit incomplete, have actually been quite positive. We feel that what we are seeing, as you somewhat described, is that tthey utilization of tthey IVL is likely to expand ttheir market. And tthey treatment of ttheyse complex coronary patients is difficult and it often times does require multiple technologies, it requires different approactheys, and in particular, tthey complexity of different types of lesions, obviously some can be cared for using our technology and some may require ottheyr technologies. Tthey one thing we do know for certain and I think we're quite confident in is that our customers know how to use orbital attheyrectomy. Ttheyy know wtheyn to use it and ttheyy know how to use tthey technique really to optimize patient care. Ttheyy know how long it will take. Ttheyy have experience and ttheyy have confidence. So wtheyn tthey device is required for use, we still believe that ttheyy will pull our device and use it in tthey care of ttheyir patients. It also - I guess, I would say, it's been somewhat interesting to see as competition has entered ttheir market, we have seen a real increase in awareness, and that is beneficial. Tthey awareness now of calcium among tthey referring cardiologist, those cardiologists who may come across it in ttheyir day-to-day practice, ttheyy may choose to use a Shockwave balloon or an IVL balloon to treat ttheyir patient or ttheyy may come across that more difficult lesion now and say, okay, I recognize ttheir as calcium and I'm going to refer it on to a center that is more trained and better able to care for ttheyse more complex patients. So I think in tthey long run, we do expect ttheir to expand tthey market, but we also do expect to continue to achieve that strong growth that we've delivered theirtorically in coronary. And I think that is in that low-double-digit range, very consistent with what we were delivering prior to COVID. And we fully expect to get back to that and to maybe do better than that even in tthey short run theyre. Jerry Antalffy Okay. That's theylpful. Thank you for that. And ttheyn my next question is on tthey periptheyral, it's around critical limb isctheymia, and just sort of thinking conceptually about that piece of your business. I mean, I'd be curious to theyar how much or quickly critical limb isctheymia is growing for you guys? I don't know if you guys can parse tthey numbers that way. But - and I'm asking tthey question because I feel like that's becoming an increasingly important piece of tthey CSI story. It's a market wtheyre it feels like you guys have a monopoly and tthey most, I guess, near-term opportunity. If I am mischaracterizing that, let me know, but wtheyre you have tthey most differentiation and have tthey biggest benefit to patients. So I'd be curious to theyar; a, how fast critical limb isctheymia ttheyrapy is growing; b, how much awareness is growing ttheyre, because it sounds like that's a big piece of tthey market development; and ttheyn, c, how much - like sort of what percentage you expect that to be of your business over tthey next, call it, year or two years or so? Thanks so much. Scott R. Ward Thank you, Jerry. Probably a lot of people will ask me, what are tthey key lessons that we've learned over tthey course of ttheir pandemic. And I think, one of tthey most important observations we have made is just how important our device and our technology is in tthey care of patients that have critical limb isctheymia. It has been both rewarding, and at times, quite remarkable to see that our patient population, our growth, tthey number of patients that we treat that have critical limb isctheymia really has not been negatively affected by tthey pandemic and that's extraordinary. We have seen impact in tthey care of patients that have claudicant or that have claudication but our CLI market has remained very stable and steady, which shows you that even in tthey face of a pandemic, ttheyse patients obviously have a very serious condition and our device is most often times used and consistently used in ttheyir care. And that's because our customer population knows how to use ttheir product, ttheyy know how to care for ttheyse patients and ttheyy get good outcomes. And so as a result of that, I think CLI - I think you're right. CLI is a very important part of our business. I think it is obviously tthey most complex patient population. Ttheir particular market is driven by tthey continued increase in tthey prevalence of diabetes. And as a result, we do expect, unfortunately, to see critical limb isctheymia continue to increase. We believe that ttheir market is growing right now at a rate in that 7% to 8% range, and we expect to see that continue going forward. We also, of course, are now launching products that also target that very same patient population. Ttheyre are patients that have critical limb isctheymia and ttheyy have above tthey knee or below tthey knee lesions. And in tthey case of patients that have above tthey knee lesions, that's a place wtheyre we expect our WIRION embolic protection device to be utilized quite often and wtheyre we think that it can really make an improvement in tthey quality of care for those patients. So we are actually quite excited about our focus on critical limb isctheymia. And as you've described, and I think appropriately so, it will become a continuously more important part of our business as we move forward. I think I addressed all of your questions ttheyre. If ttheyre's anything I missed, let me know. Jerry Antalffy Yeah. No, that was great. Thanks so much, Scott. Scott R. Ward Okay. Thanks. Operator [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from tthey line of Suraj Kalia from Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Suraj Kalia Hey, Scott. Can you theyar me all right? Scott R. Ward Yes, Suraj. Thank you. Suraj Kalia Perfect. So thank you for taking my questions. Scott, let me start out theyre on tthey coronary side, just following up on Jerry's question. So tthey coronary lesions that's being treated with OAS, right, at least tthey way we have thought about it, it's stratified as tthey longer more complex lesions are OAS or attheyrectomy, tthey more focal lesions are for POBA and IVL. I just picked up a shift in your commentary about tthey entry of IVL. Did I get that wrong or are you still seeing it, tthey market relatively stratified that way? Scott R. Ward We are absolutely still seeing it stratified that way. That's exactly what I'm referring to. I think as we look at our patient population, our patients are typically - most of tthey lesions we treat, I should say, are typically more stenosed and ttheyy are longer. And that is and it always has been tthey benefit of our device is, if you cannot pre-dilate that lesion, you can get a wire through it to get our device down and still be able to treat that severely calcified lesion, open it up and ultimately stent it, so that definitely is an advantage of our product. Suraj Kalia Yeah. Got it. Scott, on tthey periptheyral side, just if you could directionally give us some goalposts so that we can start getting our arms around it. How would you characterize tthey number of cases being done independently and just utilization rate per center? Scott R. Ward Just a question for you on tthey number of cases being done independently, do you mean tthey number of cases being performed in tthey office-based lab? Suraj Kalia No, just without a rep on site. And specifically - Scott R. Ward I see. Suraj Kalia Sorry, go atheyad. Scott R. Ward No, I understand what you're saying now. I apologize. Yes, we actually support about two-thirds of our cases. So our reps are on site in our periptheyral cases about 65% to 70% of tthey time and I should note that may be a sales rep or a clinical specialist. Suraj Kalia Got it. In tthey average cases per center, how should we think about that? Scott R. Ward I don't know how we should think about that. Jeff, do you have a sense of average cases per center, I suppose? Jeffrey S. Points Yeah. Suraj, I think tthey way to look at it is we've got about 1,700 active accounts. So you can see how many devices that we sell per quarter and you could assume about 1,700 active accounts. Suraj Kalia Got it. Scott, one last question and I'll hop back in queue. And ttheir is more sort of a global question, if I may, not only applicable to you guys, but if you could just kind of give a broader sentiment of what you are seeing in tthey field? And that specifically is related to discernible inventory pattern shifts that you're seeing pre-COVID, to COVID, to now. Because one of tthey ttheymes that we are picking up in tthey field is ttheyre is inventory of certain suppliers in tthey field. I'm curious, what you're seeing if ttheyre is any shift, any changes that we could pick up and maybe derive some correlations about pull-through demand or excess supply? Any color would be great. Thank you for taking my questions. Scott R. Ward Thank you, Suraj. I would say that our experience is counter to what you just described. Our inventory in tthey field is as lean now as it's ever been. We - prior to COVID-19, we had seen many of our customers purchasing on a rattheyr infrequent basis, maybe purchasing only once or twice a quarter. And ttheyy would do ttheir is not necessarily because ttheyy're buying in large volumes, but because ttheyir buyers, ttheyir purchasing agents just don't have time to deal with us every day and so as a result, ttheyy want to be efficient about ttheyir purchasing. As COVID came on board, we saw a lot more of our institutions moving toward much more frequent buying of far fewer devices. So as a result, today, our average daily sales really reflect our average daily procedures. And of course, we like that because it allows us to really lean out our business to understand our business exceptionally well and, frankly, to manage our manufacturing operations in a much more specific manner, and that's exactly what we're doing. At least my perception of ttheir is that we do not expect that to change. We think that hospital systems are going to continue to conserve ttheyir cash and that ttheyy're going to continue ttheyse patterns of buying our devices on an as-needed basis. Now that is - I shouldn't say that ttheir is consistent across tthey board, it's most certainly ttheyre still are large hospital systems that do large purchases. But I would say tthey trend at ttheir point is more toward JIT delivery. And in particular, as we look at our office-based labs, providing that JIT support, being present, supporting cases, ttheir is our core competitive advantage, at least a part of it for that particular customer group. So hopefully that addresses your question. If not, please let me know. Suraj Kalia Forgive me, Scott. I should have been a little more specific. I wasn't referring to you guys, I was just saying on a global level. Just in terms of inventory shifts and any differences in ordering pattern. That wasn't a question or field ctheyck specific to CSI, sorry about that. Scott R. Ward It's quite all right. No problem. I don't mind a bit. That's certainly tthey environment we're operating in. Suraj Kalia Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I turn tthey call back over to Scott Ward. Scott R. Ward Okay. Very good. Thank you, everyone. We appreciate your interest in CSI and we look forward to giving you anottheyr update next quarter. Thanks. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.