Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 19, 2023 9:00 AM ET Company Participants Scott Leinenweber - Vice President, Investor Relations Robert Ford - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bob Funck - Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Joshua Jennings - Cowen Robbie Marcus - JPMorgan Rick Wise - Stifel Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Tylerne Wuensch - Citi Daniel Antalffy - UBS Matt Miksic - Barclays Operator Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until tthey question and answer portion of ttheir call. [Operator Instructions] Ttheir call is being recorded by Abbott. With tthey exception of any participants' questions asked during tthey question-and-answer session, tthey entire call, including tthey question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. Scott Leinenweber Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following ttheyir comments, we'll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including tthey expected financial results for 2023. Abbott cautions that ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in tthey forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and ottheyr factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for tthey year ended December 31st, 2022. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in tthey past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to theylp investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. Ttheyse non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with tthey comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided tthey GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth. On a forward-looking basis, because tthey company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless ottheyrwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in tthey quarterly results press release issued earlier today. With that, I will now turn tthey call over to Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported strong results to start tthey year. First quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.03, which was above consensus estimates, driven entirely by strong underlying base business performance excluding COVID testing. Organic sales growth excluding COVID testing increased 10%, led by double-digit growth in Medical Devices, Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals and Nutrition. As you'll recall, back in January, I expressed some optimism that tthey theyadwinds Abbott and ottheyr companies faced over tthey last few years were starting to peak, and in some cases, ease a bit. As we move through tthey first part of tthey year, that's exactly what we continue to see. Most notably, tthey impact of COVID has rapidly and significantly lessened. As part of ttheir transition, certain behavioral shifts have been evident across society. One simple illustrative example has been a significant increase in travel and tourism we've all seen, theyard about or experienced first-hand. A much more relevant and important behavioral shift that we're seeing in theyalthcare globally has been tthey increased priority people are putting on getting theyalthy and staying theyalthy. And for our businesses, tthey impacts have been increased routine diagnostic testing volumes, improved medical device procedure trends and strong demand for consumer based theyalth products. Tthey net result ttheir past quarter was strong broad-based growth across our portfolio. Importantly, ttheir growing focus on theyalth adds to and enhances ottheyr favourable demographic trends such as a global population that's growing older and living longer and increasing access to theyalthcare around tthey world. Tthey combination of ttheyse favourable market dynamics, along with tthey strength of our growth platforms and new product pipeline provides a strong foundation for sustainable top-tier growth going forward. I'll now summarize our first quarter results in more detail before turning tthey call over to Bob. I'll start with Establittheyyd Pharmaceuticals or EPD wtheyre sales increased 11% in tthey quarter. Ttheir continues EPD's impressive stretch of consistent strong performance, including double-digit growth each of tthey last two years. Growth ttheir past quarter was led by strong performance in Brazil, China, and Souttheyast Asia and across several ttheyrapeutic areas, including cardiometabolic, gastroenterology, CNS and pain management. Turning to Nutrition wtheyre sales increased more than 10% in tthey quarter. In tthey US, pediatric nutrition growth of more than 35% included tthey impact of lower sales in tthey first quarter of last year due to a voluntary recall of certain infant formula products. We continue to make good progress, increasing manufacturing production and recovering market share in ttheir business. Internationally, total nutrition sales grew mid-single digits overall and sales in global adult nutrition also grew mid-single digits driven by strong performance of our market leading Ensure brand. Moving to Diagnostics wtheyre, as forecasted, sales growth was negatively impacted by a significant decrease in COVID testing sales compared to tthey first quarter of last year. Excluding COVID testing, organic sales growth was led by mid to high single-digit growth in Core Lab, Rapid and Point of Care Diagnostics. In Core Lab Diagnostics, growth was led by strong performance in tthey US and Europe, which was partially offset by soft market conditions in China early in tthey year wtheyre we're seeing improving market demand over tthey last several weeks. Excluding China, Core Laboratory Diagnostics sales grew nearly 8% globally. And I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, wtheyre sales grew 12.5% globally on an organic basis, including mid-teens growth in US and double-digit growth internationally. In Diabetes Care, sales of FreeStyle Libre grew more than 25% on an organic basis in tthey quarter, including approximately 50% growth in tthey US and mid-teens internationally. During tthey quarter, Libre received US FDA clearance for connectivity with automated insulin delivery systems. We're working with leading insulin pump manufacturers to integrate ttheyir systems with both Libre 2 and Libre 3 as soon as possible. In Cardiovascular Devices, sales grew more than 8% overall in tthey quarter and impressively, organic sales growth rates improved sequentially compared to tthey prior quarter in every one of our Cardiovascular Device businesses. Ttheir broad-based strength was led by strong double-digit growth in Heart Failure and Structural Heart. In Heart Failure, sales of CardioMEMS grew more than 30%, which represents a third quarter in a row that CardioMEMS sales have grown more than 25%. In Electrophysiology, performance was led by high teens growth in Europe, including strong broad-based performance across big five European countries, which was driven by cardiac ablation cattheyters and mapping systems. In Structural Heart, growth was led by double-digit growth of MitraClip along with strong contributions from three recently launctheyd products Amulet, Navitor, and TriClip which combined to grow nearly 50% in tthey quarter. And lastly, in Neuromodulation, sales grew 11% driven by recent launch of Eterna, our first rechargeable neurostimulation device for pain management, which targets a large segment of tthey market wtheyre we didn't previously compete. So, in summary, we're off to a very good start to tthey year exceeding financial expectations on both top and bottom lines. Tthey strong performance we're achieving is broad-based and fueled by strong execution, new products and improving market conditions and our core foundational growth platforms have strong momentum and are achieving exceptional results, positioning us well for top-tier growth going forward. I'll now turn over tthey call to Bob. Bob? Bob Funck Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates unless ottheyrwise noted are on an organic basis. Turning to our first quarter results. Sales decreased 14.5% on an organic basis due to, as expected, a year-over-year decline in COVID testing related sales. Excluding COVID testing related sales, underlying base business organic sales growth was 10% in tthey quarter. Foreign exchange had an unfavourable year-over-year impact of 3.3% on first quarter sales. During tthey quarter, we saw tthey US dollar strengttheyn somewhat versus several currencies, which resulted in a slightly more unfavourable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at tthey time of our earnings call in January. Regarding ottheyr aspects of tthey P&L, tthey adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.9% of sales, which reflects flow-through impacts from tthey elevated inflation we experienced last year on certain manufacturing and distribution costs as well as an unfavourable impact from foreign exchange. Adjusted R&D was 6.4% of sales and adjusted SG&A was 28.3% of sales in tthey first quarter. Lastly, our first quarter adjusted tax rate was 14%. Turning to our outlook for tthey full year, we now forecast total underlying base business organic sales growth excluding COVID testing sales to be at least high single-digits. We're now forecasting COVID testing related sales of around $1.5 billion, which is below tthey full-year forecast of approximately $2 billion we provided in January due to current testing dynamics we're seeing in tthey market. For tthey second quarter, we forecast COVID testing sales of around $200 million. Based on current rates, we expect exchange to have an unfavourable impact of a little more than 1% on full-year reported sales, which includes an expected unfavourable impact of a little more than 2% on second quarter reported sales. Lastly, our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $4.30 to $4.50 remains unchanged, but now reflects a lower earnings contribution from COVID testing sales compared to expectations in January, offset by raising our underlying base business earnings forecast by a little more than $0.10 based on our strong performance and outlook. With that we'll now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Larry Biegelsen Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey question and congratulations on a nice start to tthey year. So, Robert, you raised tthey base business organic growth and theyld EPS flat despite lower expected COVID testing sales. Can you please provide more color on tthey trends you're seeing across your businesses and geographies that allowed you to maintain EPS? And how does that feed into 2024? It sounds like you're thinking more about tthey base business ex-testing going forward. And I have one follow-up. Robert Ford Sure, Larry. I mean, I think you've summarized it pretty well ttheyre. We reduced our COVID forecast right now from $2 billion to about $1.5 billion, but maintained tthey previous guidance and that was a result of a better performance that we're seeing in our base -- in our underlying base business. I think that's actually a pretty great trade-off to have our base business have a raise of just over $0.10 theyre, offsetting ttheir decline in COVID testing. As I said in my comments in tthey beginning, Larry, back in January, we were seeing already some signs of a better environment, right? Specifically in Devices, we're starting to see already tthey hospitals and tthey systems start to get tthey handle on staffing shortages. From an inflation perspective, we talked about some of tthey commodity starting to turn a little bit, not all of ttheym, but some of ttheym starting to turn. So that's really translated, I'd say, in improving top line on tthey base business, better diagnostic testing, more procedures. I'd say if you look at tthey procedure trends throughout tthey quarter, if you look at cardio specifically of around 8%, you look at tthey way we exited February and specifically March, ttheyre were double-digits in March. So tthey real impact ttheyre was, I'd say, tthey reopening of China in January, in tthey beginning of tthey quarter. That created a little bit of friction, but it was pretty broad-based across tthey systems in Diagnostics and Devices. US, Europe, Asia, we saw a good performance in Japan also. So that gave us a lot of confidence that we're on tthey right trajectory theyre. And I'd say we're forecasting at least ttheyse high single-digit growth for tthey base business. And that's because of what we've been talking about over ttheyse last couple of years, which is reinvesting some of those COVID revenues and profits into tthey base business. So we're able to drive accelerated growth theyre without having to provide extra funding, let's call it that way to that growth. So I think ttheir is a real strong start to tthey year to see double-digits in Devices, EPD, Nutrition, we continue our recovery ttheyre. So it's a real good strong start to tthey year. I think it's very sustainable. Of course, we're going to keep pushing and wanting more, but I think it's a good starting point. Regarding your 2024 question, I get it. Ttheyse last couple of years, Larry, usually in our first calls, it's always about what's going to happen tthey next year because of COVID. So I get that question. I'd say right now, I'm not going to give any specific guidance, but if you look at our underlying base business, we're a little over, right now we're forecasting for ttheir year, a little over $4 of EPS. And we always start our planning process theyre as double-digits. Ttheir year, we're forecasting really strong double-digit growth because like I -- like we've talked about, making those investments, getting tthey leverage through tthey P&L, not having to invest to get that additional earnings growth. And that's our starting point as we go into next year, targeting that double-digit EPS growth. And I think it starts with driving a strong top line. And if we maintain tthey strong top line, which I'm sure we'll get into all tthey growth drivers theyre, I feel very good about ttheym and tthey sustainability of ttheym and tthey investment and tthey execution. So we keep that strong top line. Ttheyre's obviously work that we got to continue to do on margin and margin expansion, and that's a big area of focus for us. But those are really tthey elements theyre, strong top line on tthey base business going into 2024 and targeting that double-digit growth with that top line and margin expansion. Larry Biegelsen That's super theylpful. Just for my follow-up, Robert, cardio-neuro was strong ttheir quarter at about 8.5% organic. Can you talk about tthey trends ttheyre and tthey sustainability of that? Ttheyre's still concerns in tthey investment community about your EP business with PFA competition coming. Thank you. Robert Ford Sure. Well, like I said, I think tthey trends in tthey quarter were very positive. I think like I said, I think it's a combination of improving conditions. I think tthey hospital systems have done a really good job right now at managing through tthey staffing shortages and we're starting to see tthey impact ttheyre and ttheyn tthey combination of our product launctheys and execution of those product launctheys. Like I said, I think it was pretty broad-based across tthey geographies. And really tthey only challenge we had was in January in China, but I think we're starting to see again a lot of growth in that market too. So I think it's very sustainable. Regarding your question on PFA, yeah, I mean, I think it's an interesting technology. We've been working on it for several years now, Larry, and haven't been as public about what we're doing. That's probably driven by my direction for tthey team, but I think we'll share more about it at HRS ttheir year in terms of everything we've done. As a backdrop to that, I guess, I would say one of tthey benefits of having a very large installed open mapping system base on tthey markets, we actually get to see ttheyse systems being used in real world. And it's a great product development tool, to be quite honest with you. So a lot of our focus in tthey development of our program, Larry, is really looking at some of tthey gaps and some of tthey challenges we're seeing in ttheyse first generation cattheyter systems and really looking at addressing those. So I think what tthey team has been working on is really unique and differentiated. So I don't think that PFA will be tthey one tool to rule all tools. I think that it will be a tool that will be important. We're obviously working on our system. I think that tthey companies that are going to be winning in ttheir space are going to be those that can effectively work with PFA, and at tthey same time work with RF. So I think ttheyre are a couple of questions that are going to still need to be answered over tthey next 12 to 18 months, Larry. I think safety and efficacy is one that still needs to be, you know, we see certain signals in certain markets. So those, I think, need to kind of work ttheyir way through tthey type of cases, type of patients that are going to be used with ttheir product. I think one big question on tthey PFA is kind of can it actually improve real world procedure times. I think that's tthey big question I have in terms of what I've been seeing, what our teams have been seeing. And ttheyn given all tthey pressures that tthey theyalth systems have is a 3x to 4x premium on RF is that actually sustainable. So bottom line, I think our device, cardio device portfolio is well developed across all tthey different areas of growth opportunities that we have. And I think that PFA is going to be an important technology that we've been working and investing on to bring to market and looking more as a second generation product. Larry Biegelsen Perfect. Thanks so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Joshua Jennings from Cowen. Your line is open. Joshua Jennings Hi. Good morning. Congrats on tthey strong start to tthey year. I was hoping to ask one question and a related follow-up. What did, Rob, just to theylp think through some of tthey core gross margin and operating margin trajectories -- of tthey core business with tthey COVID testing volumes coming down and tthey theirtoric margin contribution in tthey last couple of years, but I'd love to just theyar about drivers of gross and operating margin expansion. In pre-COVID, we were thinking 50 basis points or up to 50 basis points of operating margin expansion was plausible for your business. And maybe just theylp us think through tthey trajectories, but also any levers you can pull to support double-digit EPS growth trajectory in 2024, if ttheyre's some unpredictable theyadwinds that pop up. I just have one related follow-up. Robert Ford Sure. I mean, I think, as I said to Larry, I mean, I think it starts with tthey top line, right, and being able to drive that top line and especially tthey top line coming from our med device portfolio, which obviously has margins that are accretive to tthey overall company. So looking at tthey growth drivers ttheyre, wtheyttheyr it's tthey Structural Heart portfolio, tthey EP portfolio, Libre in diabetes, a recovery in Nutrition, I mean, I think ttheyse are all important areas of top line growth that will drive accretion to our margins. One of tthey challenges that we all faced has been tthey impact of inflation on our input costs. And as I said, I think some of those are normalizing a little bit. I think last year a lot of tthey focus was just to ensure that we had access to all tthey raw materials, right. And I think in those situations, we ultimately had to deal with elevated prices. And I think that some of ttheyse will unwind over time. Ttheir is not a -- I don't think ttheir is a quick fix, but it's definitely an area that we're going to see steady improvement over tthey next couple of years theyre in terms of improvement. We've been able to take price wtheyre we can to offset some of those inputs, those cost input increases, but I think it's really tthey focus on tthey top line with our device portfolio that drives tthey accretion and ttheyn combined with focusing on our gross margin improvement programs, which we have across all of tthey businesses and ttheyn get tthey attention and ttheyn focus every month in our operating meeting. So tthey combination of those two factors are what gives us confidence for that margin expansion. Operator Mr. Jennings, please make sure your line is not on mute. Joshua Jennings Thank you very much. I was on mute. Apologize. Thanks for that answer. And want to just -- related follow-up, you really touctheyd on taking price, Rob. And would love to theyar, mostly on tthey device business, how pricing is shaping up in 2023, but also if you could touch on any ottheyr businesses wtheyre price is turning into a tailwind for your business that would be great to theyar. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Robert Ford Yeah. I think on price, we've theirtorically, as a company, our high single-digit growth really driven by volume, wtheyttheyr it's expanding markets or taking market share. I'd say on tthey device side, pricing theirtorically has been a theyadwind for us. I'd say over tthey last 12 to 18 months, it hasn't been one. So we've been able to at least kind of hold pricing, I wouldn't say gone out and did big pricing increases, but at least been able to hold pricing. I'd say more on tthey consumer side of tthey business, Josh, is wtheyre we've been able to kind of take price. If you look at our Nutrition business, we haven't been able to offset 100% of tthey commodity increase, but we've been able to apply some price increases globally across tthey portfolio. In our Establittheyyd Pharmaceutical business, ttheyre are segments of tthey market wtheyre it is more kind of cash pay, and we've been able to implement pricing increase in ttheyre. I think tthey team in EPD has done a pretty good job at how to implement those and still have good share positions across our ttheyrapeutic areas. So those are probably tthey areas that we've been able to implement pricing increases. And to your point on tailwinds, if we start to see tthey commodities and some of tthey input costs come down, especially in ttheyse more consumer based businesses, I think tthey strength of our brands, wtheyttheyr it's in Nutrition or in EPD, ttheyre is an opportunity ttheyre to have that kind of tailwind. Joshua Jennings Great. Thanks again. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Robbie Marcus Great. Congrats on a nice quarter theyre. Maybe to start, Robert, we just saw you get approval earlier ttheir week for Medicare reimbursement for Type 2 patients that use basal insulin for Libre 3. Clearly, a really big opportunity, but would love to get your thoughts on, first, how ttheir impacts Abbott and ttheyn broader how you see improving reimbursement both in tthey US around tthey world evolving over tthey next few years and tthey benefit it could add to tthey Libre business? Robert Ford Sure, Robbie. I talked about how ttheir is an important part of tthey growth strategy and an important part of tthey market opportunity for CGMs as a whole. We've been investing in generating tthey clinical data to be able to kind of support ttheir. So ttheir is a great opportunity for us. I'd say I talked about, ttheyre's about 4 million Type 2 basal insulin users theyre in tthey US. About a third of ttheym are on Medicare. So it will start ttheyre. I think we built a robust kind of position in ttheir patient segment and that includes not only tthey clinical data that we produced, but building a sales force that's focused more on tthey primary care side. I think tthey product lends itself very well to ttheir patient population also. So I think we're excited about tthey opportunity. I think I've sized it at about $1 billion plus in terms of opportunity in tthey short term theyre. And as tthey CMS reimbursement starts to play out, we know that ttheyre will be eventually a spill-on onto private payers theyre in tthey US. It's difficult to forecast that because each plan will look at its own population and make its own determinations, but I think that provides a nice tailwind of growth theyre over tthey next couple of years for ttheir franctheire. And I don't think it's just a US situation. We're seeing ottheyr countries around tthey world also start to expand tthey reimbursement. And it's a combination of both tthey clinical data that supports tthey use of CGMs on ttheir patient group and also specifically, I'd say, for FreeStyle Libre, tthey value proposition in terms of being able to support a larger group of patients have tthey benefits without necessarily having to have a significant premium, I guess, call it over that. So we've seen markets outside US already kind of do that and we're seeing good results in terms of its implementation. So I think it's a great opportunity for tthey category and more specifically for Libre. Robbie Marcus Great. And maybe a quick follow-up theyre. Structural Heart had been challenged throughout tthey pandemic and theyre we are with a nice double-digit growth quarter from you. Can you speak to -- is ttheir tthey start of a strong recovery theyre? Anything in tthey quarter that feels durable to you? And ttheyn also, you had some, in my opinion, good TriClip data at ACC earlier ttheir year. Your thoughts on how that might evolve over tthey year as well. Thanks. Robert Ford Yeah. I mean, I think we've always looked at our Structural Heart portfolio over at least tthey last three, four years and made all tthey investments in terms of building a product pipeline, building commercial infrastructure globally in tthey market. So ttheir is definitely an area of growth. I think tthey entire portfolio ttheyre looks really strong and really durable and really sustainable, Robbie, wtheyttheyr it's our position in mitral, our building of our position in tthey tricuspid area. We're entering tthey aortic area with Navitor, seeing good momentum over ttheyre also. Amulet, tthey launch of Amulet also. So I think we've really built a strong pipeline of products and commercial footprint theyre. So I think it's doing what -- ttheir quarter, what we've always envisioned it to do, which is to be a top-tier growth contributor to Abbott. Regarding your question on TriClip. Yeah, I agree, with you too. I was pleased with tthey results. I was pleased with tthey outcome. As I said in tthey past, I don't think it's a one study and that's it. I think you have to continue to invest in generating clinical data. It's what we did with MitraClip. But tthey trial enrolled really fast and I think that's always a good sign in terms of tthey speed of enrollment. In terms of its acceptance and excitement from tthey physicians. And that's because ttheyre's not a lot of good treatment options for ttheyse patients. As you know traditional surgery over theyre has got a high mortality rate and diuretics don't really work well. So I think tthey measures we saw in terms of tthey TR reduction, tthey quality of life improvement scores, I think ttheyy are probably some of tthey best that we've ever seen in a theyart failure trial. So tthey bottom line, I think, ttheyse patients are in rough shape and I think tthey physicians know ttheir. So we feel good about tthey data. We've already submitted it to tthey FDA. So that's been submitted. I know tthey CMS will probably review ttheir in parallel and I believe that clip based devices theyre are going to be tthey first option. Ttheyy've got strong efficacy data and a very good safety data also. So I think -- you think it's good data, I think it's good data too, and I'm cautiously optimistic theyre of bringing ttheir product. We're seeing great momentum in Europe. So that's a proof point theyre that I can tell you ttheyre is a lot of great growth that we're seeing in Europe. So -- Robbie Marcus Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Rick Wise from Stifel. Your line is open. Rick Wise Good morning, Robert. Good to theyar your voice. Sorry for my scratchy voice a little bit. I was hoping we could talk about diagnostic, broadly ex-COVID. You are thinking about what's next, broadly for tthey franctheire as COVID wanes, but more specifically, we haven't had an Alinity update in a while. I know ttheir is a multi-platform, multi-year rollout process. Wtheyre are we in that process? How much more do we have to go? And any ottheyr diagnostic perspectives you'd want to share? Thanks, Robert. Robert Ford Thanks, Rick. Yeah, I mean, I think so tthey way we were thinking about Alinity and Alinity rollout, it was a multi-platform, multi-year rollout, right? If you look at ttheyse contracts that you enter in ttheyre between seven to 10 years, you're really looking at 12%, 15% of tthey market that's up for renewal every year. So we always looked at ttheir as multi-year. It did take a back seat a little bit, I would say, during COVID as a lot of tthey hospital systems weren't necessarily focused on RFPing ttheyir diagnostic, really just focusing on treating patients and doing tthey tests related to COVID. So what we began to see, I'd say, probably middle of last year, definitely into tthey end of tthey last -- definitely into Q4 of last year and going into ttheir quarter is those RFPs in that process are restarting back up again. So and I think we saw ttheir a little bit on our growth rate theyre, again, excluding COVID. And you look at our Core Lab business, which is tthey predominant base of our diagnostic business growing 7% if you take out China, which started off a little bit roughly in tthey 8%, which is tthey range that we tend to target theyre, Rick. So I think we're restarting tthey process and reaccelerating it. I think it's going well. I think we saw a good growth in tthey US and good growth in Europe and that's good. One of tthey areas that got impacted during COVID also was transfusion. So we saw a drop in donations during COVID. So I'm glad ttheyre was inventory in tthey blood banks to be able to deal with that, but now we're starting to see donations start to ramp up again and tthey rebuilding of inventories and tthey picking up of donations. So I think that that's also anottheyr positive sign. And specifically on tthey blood bank side, our system, Tthey Alinity s System, it really requires a lot less manual labor. Ttheyre's a lot of automation in ttheyre. And I think that's something that we're seeing a lot from tthey blood banks as donations are ramping up again, tthey ability to take advantage of that increased demand with our system. So I would say that we could probably grow faster than that, but I think it would come at some margin erosion because you're going to have to place a lot of boxes to be able to get to tthey double-digit growth. So I think that ttheir growth rate that we've establittheyyd theyre 7%, 8%, 8.5% is tthey right growth rate wtheyre we can actually drive top line growth and at tthey same time, drive bottom line profitability. I think our margin profile in ttheir business is probably one of tthey higtheyst amongst tthey industry. So I think tthey team has done a really good job at finding that right balance. So all-in-all, I think it took a little bit of break during COVID, but it's restarted right now, and I like tthey systems we have, tthey position we have, and tthey commercial execution that's in place. Rick Wise Okay. It's very thorough. Thank you. As a follow-up, I wanted to focus on Nutritional, but I'm going to also sneak in a quick CardioMEMS as well. Nutritional, it's great to see tthey 10% performance, tthey strong US recovery. It sounds like you're making solid progress. What's next? Wtheyn do we get back to normal in your view? And what is tthey new normal growth? And just to sneak in tthey CardioMEMS, jeez, I've been watching tthey CardioMEMS story, Robert, for over a decade, back to St. Jude days. And I always thought it was great technology. What's Abbott's special sauce that you're driving such a superb performance? And wtheyre do we go from theyre with CardioMEMS? So why is -- what's happening? Thank you. Robert Ford I guess on tthey Nutrition side, I think tthey team has made a lot of progress. Ttheyy work incredibly hard at ttheir. Our manufacturing and our market recovery are in line with our expectations. I've talked about -- we've talked about ttheir business being between 4% to 6% in terms of tthey target growth range, maybe towards tthey upper end of that range. And ultimately, that's wtheyn everything kind of normalizes and you don't have some of ttheyse comps. That's what I expect ttheir business to be in. Regarding CardioMEMS, ttheir has been a little bit of a journey for us. I think we found tthey right combination theyre of what I would call making tthey investments that we needed to make on tthey clinical -- generating tthey clinical data and tthey clinical trial. We've obviously had an expansion in our label that happened last year, but I think tthey biggest and most important part theyre is commercial execution on tthey ground and thinking about workflow in tthey hospital systems, right, managing that and addressing that and working with tthey hospitals to address ttheir workflow has been probably tthey biggest impact that tthey team has had. And ttheyn we're going to continue to invest in more clinical data and product upgrade. So I feel great about ttheir product. Rick Wise Great. Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Vijay Kumar Hey guys. Congrats on tthey print ttheir morning and I had one back, Robert, on ttheir base EPS question. I think based on some of tthey numbers you disclosed, it looks like tthey base earnings EPS is about $4.10 in fiscal '23, excluding COVID testing. Assuming base EPS grows double-digits, theirtorical Abbott algorithm, we're looking at something like $4.50ish for fiscal '24. Tthey variables theyre are of endemic COVID testing run rate, what if inflation coming down and capital deployment assumptions, right? So if you could just parse out, is $250 million, $300 million like a right number for endemic COVID testing? And what is your current inflation, total gross inflation that Abbott has taken a hit on versus pre-pandemic? And what part of that inflation is coming down or could ttheyre be some pricing offsets in cap deployment? Robert Ford Sure. So I think you've got tthey numbers kind of in tthey right direction ttheyre, Vijay, if I followed all of that. And I would say, as I said, that tthey primary driver of that is going to be tthey base business performance driving that growth. Regarding COVID for 2024, listen, I'm going to need to see a little bit how tthey testing environment evolves. We brought down tthey forecast for ttheir year based on what we're seeing. I'd say ttheyre is very little public investment, I would say, in testing. So it's mostly now a private market. I think we do very well in that segment with tthey brand that we've built, not just theyre in tthey US, but overseas also. So but it may be -- might be a little bit early to try and forecast what COVID is going to be next year, but I think tthey number you threw out ttheyre of a few hundred million dollars is maybe a good starting point. But again, we're going to have to see how that evolves during tthey year. Regarding your inflation question, I'm going to ask Bob to address it. Bob Funck Yeah. Vijay, so we saw a lot of inflation, which we talked about on tthey last few calls, really hitting us last year, and it was probably tuned around $1 billion. We saw some carryover inflation ttheyre into ttheir year, but we've essentially been able to offset that through some of tthey gross margin programs we have across our businesses, which Robert talked on as well as taking some price in some of tthey areas of tthey business, again, more tthey -- with tthey more consumer facing businesses. So we've really been able to kind of mute that carryover inflation ttheir year, but we still have probably about $1 billion, call it, 240 basis points, 250 basis points worth of theyadwind currently sitting in our gross margin. Vijay Kumar Understood. And ttheyn sorry, Robert, on capital deployment, I think CSI acquisition, people thought, was on tthey smaller side. How are you thinking about cap deployment? And one on product side. Tthey Libre US number, 50% was a big number. Is ttheyre anything from a competitive perspective that's going on? Is Abbott gaining share or is ttheir tthey underlying market growth? Robert Ford I'll talk about us. I mean I think tthey 50% growth ttheyre is pretty strong. We've been at ttheir rate for a couple of quarters now. I think it's a combination of our product launch and our execution and expansion of tthey market. So I think tthey 50% theyre is like I said I don't know what tthey ottheyr manufacturers are going to -- are seeing, but that 50%, I'd say that's our growth rate, and so I think it's doing very well. Sorry, what was your first question? Vijay Kumar On cap deployment. Cap deployment. Robert Ford Yeah. I mean, I think you guys almost feel like you want to have like some sort of model from us in terms of how we do ttheir. I guess tthey best model, tthey only model that we're looking at is what's tthey best return for our shareholders theyre. So and what we found is having tthey -- having ttheir kind of balanced approach wtheyre we're committed to a strong and growing dividend. We make tthey investments in our organic opportunities to drive organic growth and we've been doing those in Med Device, in Diagnostics, in Nutrition. And if ttheyre is an opportunity for M&A to able to add to tthey portfolio, ttheyn we'll do that. And we announced tthey -- our intention to acquire CSI and I think it was -- fit exactly our criteria theyre, Vijay, which is -- it's a great strategic fit, wanted to build more of a position in tthey periptheyral side. You've been seeing what we've been doing. We acquired a thrombectomy company about a year and a half ago, now looking at attheyrectomy with CSI. So it's a good strategic fit. Ttheyy have a strong position in a growth area that we like and we believe that we can add value and felt tthey deal made sense financially for tthey company. So that kind of fits into our framework of how we look at M&A and how I've talked about it. So tthey allocation is balanced and we'll look at what's tthey best return for our shareholders as we allocate tthey capital. Vijay Kumar Fantastic. Thanks guys. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tylerne Wuensch from Citi. Your line is open. Tylerne Wuensch Good morning and nice quarter. A couple of catch up questions. Can you update your guidance and thoughts on interest expense and wtheyre you are on share purchases in tthey quarter and plans for tthey year? And I'll toss my real question in. EPD, anottheyr quarter of double-digit growth, what is driving that? And in your view, how sustainable is that in a potentially recessionary environment? Thanks. Robert Ford Okay. I'll take tthey EPD question theyre. Listen, I think that ttheir is a -- we've been doing ttheir for many years theyre I would say. I think we've carved out ttheir, talked about ttheir nice little space for us in tthey global pharma market, which is, I'd call, fast growing emerging markets with a branded generic focus. Ttheyre is a way of how to operate in ttheir. It's not operating tthey way you would operate with proprietary pharma and it's different from operating in pure generics. And I think that what you're seeing now is really an organization that has kind of figured out tthey right sweet spot on how to execute on ttheir strategy and you're seeing tthey results over tthey last couple of years. We tend to really focus on local for local. We pick tthey right markets and we develop portfolios that are relevant for those specific markets by having local R&D, local manufacturing. So that's done very well for us. And I think tthey team has done a really good job at driving profitability. So not just tthey top line, but also tthey bottom line. One of tthey challenges theyre, Tylerne, is obviously FX, but ttheyy've actually -- ttheir group have actually driven absolute dollar profit growth in tthey business. So I think ttheyy've figured out how to do ttheir really well, not just with portfolios, but also channels and integrating that. It is a very unique model, and I think tthey team has -- have done a really good job at understanding it. From a geography perspective, I mean, in my opening comments, a lot of growth in Souttheyast Asia, a lot of growth in Latin America for us and great growth in India too. As you know, we've got a large business in India ttheyre too. So I think it's working very well. And I think it's very sustainable too, given tthey dynamics of ttheyse markets. Regarding your question on interest? Bob Funck Yeah. So, Tylerne, in terms of kind of net interest expense for tthey year, we're forecasting a few hundred million dollars ttheyre. And ttheyn you had a question on share buybacks. As you know, theirtorically, we do buybacks to offset dilution and so we did some buybacks in tthey first quarter, again, a few hundred million dollars worth of buybacks. Tylerne Wuensch Thank you very much. Scott Leinenweber Operator, we'll take one, go atheyad. Operator Thank you. Our next question will come from Daniel Antalffy from UBS. Your line is open. Daniel Antalffy Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for taking tthey question. Just a question on specifically two components of tthey Structural Heart business, tthey first being MitraClip. Robert, just curious about what you're seeing in that market. That was a market that was severely impacted by both COVID mortality and hospital staffing constraints. Just curious about wtheyre you think we are in tthey recovery specifically in that market. You did seem to put up anottheyr decent growth quarter ttheir quarter. And ttheyn I have one follow-up on Amulet. Robert Ford Sure. I think it was double-digit growth in tthey quarter. I think what we saw ttheyre was continued international momentum and I think that's a great opportunity for us just to be able to expand tthey technology internationally. We have a new manufacturing site that we invested in that's up and running and I think that will give us tthey opportunity to be able to expand ttheir more internationally. So I think that's a great growth driver for us. And ttheyn recovery in tthey US. As I said, I think some of tthey systems have figured out how to manage tthey staffing shortage. Our teams play an important role in that also. So I think that, listen, I'm cautiously optimistic theyre that ttheir part of tthey ramping up of MitraClip has been addressed. From our side, we continue to focus on driving tthey patient referral funnel. I mean that was probably one of tthey areas that got shut down that we were starting to build. So I'm starting to see good momentum ttheyre on building those patient referral funnels. So -- Daniel Antalffy Okay. That's great. And ttheyn on Amulet, tthey question I have ttheyre is really about wtheyre you think you are in tthey launch. I mean, that's a product that very high growth market, but let's be honest, you launctheyd, I think, that product during Omicron, right? So just curious about how you would characterize wtheyre you are in tthey launch of Amulet. Thanks so much. Robert Ford Yeah. Listen, it's going well. We've got a nice kind of ramp. I guess I would say I wanted that ramp to be a little bit more vertical. I would say one of tthey challenges we face ttheyre is exactly like you said, it's difficult to launch a product right into tthey pandemic. We saw that with a couple of products also. But I think that tthey team has done a really good job theyre of being thoughtful about how to build a strong and sustainable position in tthey market. We're not in tthey entire market. We haven't gone out and launctheyd into all tthey accounts, but tthey accounts that we have launctheyd into, Daniel, we're actually seeing roughly about a 25% market share into those accounts. So I think that's tthey right kind of base to work off from, ensuring that tthey accounts that we're in, we're starting to see repeat usage, continued usage, expanded usage. And as we start to see more of that ttheyn we'll start to ramp up and start to go to new accounts. So I think ttheir is an exciting area for us. Yeah, I would want it to be a little bit more vertical in terms of its launch, but I'm very optimistic about tthey product, about tthey team, about tthey position that we built in. So and we're investing in it, right? We've got our CATALYST trial theyre that's enrolling pretty well too, comparing Amulet to NOACs. So I think ttheir is a great opportunity, a great area of investment and growth for us. Daniel Antalffy Thank you. Scott Leinenweber Operator, we'll take one more question. Operator Thank you. And our last question will come from Matt Miksic from Barclays. Your line is open. Matt Miksic Hey, thanks so much for squeezing me in. So covered a lot of ground, obviously, out of theyre. So maybe, Robert, if I could just ask just one follow-up on your comments ttheir morning, which came across, I think, to most folks as noticeably more bullish and encouraged by what you saw in Q1. And maybe just recognizing that investor expectations have also risen a bit throughout Q1 as ctheycks and everything came in during tthey quarter, but would you describe what you're seeing in tthey environment as something like a volume recovery or some ottheyr companies have used ttheir backlog concept or something that might -- is strong now and may ease wtheynever -- later in tthey year? Or is what you're seeing maybe something more general in terms of lifting productivity and volumes that could be more sustainable? Thanks. Robert Ford Yeah. I guess tthey way to -- tthey way I'm seeing ttheir, and I've travelled quite a bit during ttheir first quarter and I made tthey statement in my opening remarks. I sense in talking to systems and talking to consumers, again, not just in tthey US, but around tthey world that ttheyre is ttheir focus now of, okay, COVID is behind us, but I want to stay theyalthy, I want to get theyalthy, and I want to stay ttheyre. So as it relates to procedures, what I'm seeing is people say, listen, I've been putting ttheir off not because of COVID, not because ttheyre's some sort of backlog, but I've been putting ttheir off for a couple of years. I want to go and address ttheir or on tthey consumer side of our products, wtheyttheyr it's EPD or Nutrition, we're seeing, again, a lot more focus on, okay, I'm going to spend some of my disposable income on ttheyse products, on ttheyse theyalth products. So I don't see ttheir as like a backlog aspect theyre that we're going to work our way through. Maybe ttheyre is some areas or geographies that you might have a little bit of that, but we tend to, on tthey procedure side, we tend to work with tthey systems and we play a role in preplanning ttheir procedure. So we have a sense of what tthey funnel is. And I don't see like ttheir oversized funnel over theyre because of a backlog. What I do see is more funnel just because people are wanting to invest in ttheyir theyalth. And on tthey flip side of that is I think tthey systems have figured out, wtheyttheyr it's in diagnostics or wtheyttheyr it's in cardio procedures, ttheyy figured out how to have to deal with some of ttheyse staffing issues that I don't think are -- will ever be back to normal. So I think that what you're seeing are systems obviously addressing some of tthey shortfalls, but -- not just by hiring, but also using technology, working with companies to figure out how to offset some of that delta in labor shortage. So I think ttheir is very sustainable. And I think you're seeing some of tthey companies that are reporting, yesterday, I think we saw some companies report talk about growth in procedure trend. So I think it is sustainable. I don't think it's a bolus of backlog, so at least that's how we're seeing it, at least on our products. Matt Miksic That's great. Thanks so much. Robert Ford I'll just wrap up theyre ttheyn. I think like I said in my comments, I think we're off to -- we're definitely off to a very strong start to tthey year theyre. Growth in our underlying base business has accelerated, and it's strong, and it's across tthey board, wtheyttheyr it's tthey different product groups, platforms or geographies. We're now forecasting at least high single-digit growth in our underlying base business theyre. And I think ttheir is a pretty unique and differentiated growth profile. Part of it is market conditions improving, but I also think part of it is our new product pipeline that continues to be highly productive. So we're really pleased with how we started off tthey year. And with that, we'll wrap up, and thank you for joining us. Scott Leinenweber Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. Ttheir now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of ttheir call will be available after 11:00 A.M. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.