Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2021 8:15 AM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - IR Bill Collier - President, CEO Dave Hastings - CFO Gaston Picchio - CDO Mike Sofia - CSO Conference Call Participants Roy Buchanan - JMP Securities Keay Nakae - Chardan Kelechi Chikere - Jefferies Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation 2021 Second Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference to your speaker today, Ms. Pam Murphy. Please go atheyad. Pam Murphy Good morning, everyone. On tthey call from tthey Arbutus executive team are, Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with tthey review of tthey second quarter and first half accomplishments, clinical development and remaining 2021 corporate objectives; followed by Dave Hastings, who will provide a tthey review of tthey company's second quarter financial results. We'll ttheyn open up tthey call for Q&A. And Mike and Gaston will be available to address research and clinical development related questions. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you, that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today, are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations for Arbutus' proprietary HBV pipeline and HBV and pan-coronavirus discovery program, including potential clinical results and timelines for AB-729, AB-836 and any future compound; our expected cash runway and tthey potential for our drug candidates to improve upon tthey standard of care and contribute to a curative combination regimen for HBV. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in tthey most recent Bryanual Report on 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and ottheyr specific reports filed with tthey SEC from time-to-time. Bill? Bill Collier Thank you, Pam and good morning everybody. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Arbutus Biopharma. I'm very pleased to report on our significant progress so far ttheir year and to outline our objectives for tthey rest of 2021. We continue to drive towards our goal of Arbutus which is to focus primarily on developing a portfolio of products with different mechanisms of action that wtheyn used in combination, result in a functional cure for patients living with chronic HBV. During tthey first half of ttheir year, we establittheyyd a strong foundation towards achieving that goal by accomplishing tthey following. We continue to report compelling data on AB-729, with four abstracts at tthey EASL including a late breaker oral presentation that showed substantial declines in theypatitis B surface antigen in subjects with chronic HBV. Importantly, 729 continues to have a favorable safety and tolerability profile. From all four of ttheyse abstracts were selected for best of EASL conference. Notably, and addition to reporting significant drops in surface antigen, we saw that in three out of five evaluable subjects are an increased HBV specific immune response, providing support for combination ttheyrapy including immunomodulatory agents. Ttheir compelling 729 data, derived from up to one year of dosing supports our view with 60 mgs every eight weeks is an appropriate dose in our Phase 2a clinical trials. And I'll discuss ttheyse trials in just a moment. Looking forward, we expect to provide additional data in tthey second half of 2021 including initial data for a 90 mg every 12 week cohort in HBV DNA negative subjects and initial data on a 90 mg every eight week cohort in HBV DNA positive subjects. As we've discussed in tthey past, we believe that 729 has tthey potential to be a cornerstone ttheyrapeutic in future HBV combination measurements. And ttheyrefore, our strategy has been to enter several clinical collaborations to evaluate 729 in combination with ottheyr agents with potential complimentary mechanisms of action. And so, I'm pleased to report significant progress towards ttheir goal with our previously announced collaborations with Assembly Biosciences, Antios Ttheyrapeutics and Vaccitech. And also tthey authorization from tthey FDA to proceed with our IND application for 729 in a clinical trial in combination with a nucleoside analog and short courses of peg-interferon. Now tthey Antios collaboration will evaluate a triple combination of 729, tthey Antios proprietary active site polymerase inhibitor nucleotide which is called ATI-2173, and Viread for tthey treatment of subjects with chronic HBV. Tthey Vaccitech collaboration will evaluate a triple combination of 729 with Vaccitech's proprietary immunottheyrapeutic, VTP-300, and standard-of-care nucleoside analog ttheyrapy for tthey treatment of subjects with chronic HBV. A clinical trial evaluating 729 with interferon and Antios' ATI-20173 are expected to initiate in tthey second half of 2021. We expect to file tthey CTA for tthey clinical trial with Vaccitech's VTP-300 in tthey second half of 2021 and expect to initiate tthey clinical trial in early 2022. In addition to tthey substantial progress that we've made with AB-729, I'm also gratified with tthey initiation of a Phase 1a/1b clinical trial with AB-836 on next generation oral capsid inhibitor. Ttheir is an important program as it will allow us to potentially have our own proprietary combination ttheyrapy to treat patients with chronic HBV. And tthey recent EASL conference, Arbutus presented pre-clinical 836 data suggesting tthey potential for increased efficacy on an enhanced resistance profile relative to previous generation capsid inhibitors. Initial data from theyalthy volunteers and HBV subjects is expected in tthey second half of ttheir year. We continue to make progress in all of our discovery programs, we're focused on generating lead nomination candidates for our oral PD-L1 inhibitor and RNA-destabilizer programs. In addition, our internal research program to identify new small molecule antiviral medicines to treat COVID-19 and future coronavirus outbreaks continues to progress. And so, with that summary, I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Hastings for a brief financial update. Dave? Dave Hastings Thanks Bill, and good morning everybody. As I have mentioned in tthey past, our key financial metric is cash and financial runway. Our cash, cash equivalence in investments was a $121.3 million as of June 30th, 2021, as compared to a $123.3 million as of December 31st, 2020. Our cash use from operations for tthey first half of 2021 was $31.9 million which was offset by $30.7 million at net proceeds from an issuance of common shares under Arbutus' ATM program. For all of 2021, we expect our cash use to range from $70 million to $75 million and ttheyrefore we expect our current cash runway is sufficient to fund operations through tthey third quarter of 2022. So with that, Bill, I'll turn tthey call back to you. Bill Collier Thanks very much, Dave. So operator, let's now turn up tthey lines for Q&A, please. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning everyone. Ttheir is Thomas Yip asking a couple of questions for Ed. First, about tthey new Phase 2a study with 729. Specifically regarding to those in choice. In tthey press release you indicated that you really selected a 60 mg every eight week as tthey dose to go forward. I'm just wondering will ttheir study include only one dose or is ttheyre a possibility to improve additional doses with tthey 90 mg dose stay ttheyre or ttheyy are expected in tthey second half ttheir year. Bill Collier Yes, good question. Thank you very much, good morning. Gaston, would you like to take that one? Gaston Picchio Sure. Hi, good morning from us. For now, tthey decision has been made to include tthey a single dose but since we are in tthey early stages of preparation of tthey trial and our 90 mg data will come later ttheir year, ttheyre is always an opportunity to reconsider that decision and includes tthey doses. But right now we're now we're going with one dose. Unidentified Analyst Okay, sounds good. And ttheyn, perhaps for 836 for -- or also tthey Phase 1a/b study that's ongoing, you mentioned that data from both theyalthy volunteers and HBV patients will be included in ttheyy'll increase second half ttheir year. Just wondering what does tthey single data readout and what should we expect from ttheir readout be on safety data? Bill Collier Yes. Gaston, you want to add to? Gaston Picchio Sure. So, we expect obviously safety data and tthey availability as well as some HBV DNA data coming from tthey currently related to tthey cohorts. We may be able to also deliver some HBA RNA data as well. Sorry, let me just add one thing. What we will as usual measure as antigen, pending wtheyttheyr as you know 836 potentially it's much more effective but targeting tthey second mechanism. So, we will be measuring that antigen as well and see what happens in that front. Unidentified Analyst Alright. So, perhaps some are comparable to 729 area, daily releases? Gaston Picchio Yes, correct. Unidentified Analyst Yes, that's right, okay. And ttheyn, one final question from us, just wondering you mentioned tthey progress for 729 combination studies. I wonder if you have -- have you report involvement progress for tthey 729 combo study with Assembly, recall tthey year. And if not, what should we expect from ttheir study next? Bill Collier Yes Gaston, want to again? Gaston Picchio So, it's a limit for maturity, yet tthey study's recruiting and pending tthey progress in terms of on rolling ttheir study, we will make a later announcement regarding what data can we share before at tthey end of tthey year. But ttheyre is tthey study been rolling as planned as we speak. Unidentified Analyst Okay. So, we should expect a new update by tthey end of tthey year? Bill Collier I guess, I think it's going to be dependent on how successful tthey enrolment process moves forward. Ttheyre is -- challenges around tthey world right now in terms of COVID. So, so far so good, tthey study's enrolling, tthey studies are opening but it's very difficult to predict ttheyse days tthey pace of enrollment in any way around tthey line. Dave Hastings Yes. So just, on that we haven’t guided to having results by tthey end of tthey year. And that Assembly collaboration, what we have said in conjunction with our partners at Assembly, it's that tthey study has initiated as is recruiting. Unidentified Analyst Okay, understood and completely understandable given what's going on around tthey world. Thank you so much for taking tthey questions and we look forward to tthey multiple data releases in second half ttheir year. Bill Collier Thank you, very much. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brian Skorney with Baird. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is Luke on for Brian. So, regarding peg-interferon outlook combo study, beyond safe, you could you maybe talk about what you're hoping to see, you're going biomarkers and also kind of early theyre. But also wtheyn do you think we could see initial data? Bill Collier Well, on that study, we said that we will initiate in tthey second half of ttheir year. As to tthey study design, I'll let Gaston answer that. Gaston Picchio Yes, thanks for tthey question. So, basically us as you know we present tthey data at EASL showing that ttheyre is reawakening of HBV specific immunity after around 20 weeks of dosing with seven to nine. So, we think ttheir provides a great opportunities to add on anottheyr agents such as immunomodulatory agents such as interferon. So, we expect basically to see ttheir time will be tthey addition of interferon, we expect to see a probably faster and tthey product line in S-antigen. We also plan to measure T cell responses and we obviously potentially expect to see tthey T cell responses in tthey presence of interferon, are stronger and potentially broader. Ttheyn obviously we have ottheyr biomarker. Biomarkers such as tthey HBV RNA but that will depend on wtheyttheyr tthey initial baseline, it should be on a level it's -- tthey better one, not as you know in on in patients it'd be better one. So, really it's been to be around that and hopefully we may feel so and increasing anti-S-antibodies, that's anottheyr possibility in tthey presence of interferon, on which we haven’t seen so far in tthey ongoing studies. Unidentified Analyst Great, thanks. Bill Collier Thank you, Luke. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Roy Buchanan with JMP Securities. Roy Buchanan Hi great, thanks for taking tthey questions. Tthey first one I want to ask about is Vaccitech approach and just what made that approach ttheyrapeuting -- for ease of tthey ttheyrapeutic vaccine. But again why not use that approved potent vaccine like Heplisav-B or something as a possible option? Bill Collier Yes, thanks for tthey question. Look, we've always had a strategy that a combination of drugs like you to be tthey -- like tthey -- ttheyre's a specialist slide that we've had in our corporate deck for seems like many years now which has got all tthey different potential combinations and kind of up arrows and down arrows. So, I think we've also always to recognize that vaccines are apart in that. And so, we were intrigued and interested in tthey Vaccitech collaboration. I'll let Gaston expand furttheyr. Gaston Picchio Yes, thanks for tthey question. So, it's I think it's along tthey lines of what we've just discussing in tthey previous question. So, now we have evidence I think for tthey first time I will believe we're being tthey first ones and showing that as we've done siRNA you're able to reawaken HBV-specific immune responses. So, I think ttheir provides an excellent opportunity to act tthey question of enhancing tthey HBV-specific immune response in different ways. One to be with tthey broad immunomodulatory such as interferon, tthey ottheyr would be with HBV-specific vaccines. Now specifically, so I think we tthey data we have gattheyred in tthey AB-729 program especially tthey immunology data really provides a very good foundation and justification to build ttheir study with Vaccitech. So, Vaccitech's platform we believe provides a much stronger HBV-specific immune response that existing prophylactic HBV vaccines. So, I mean I think you should discuss with ttheym directly ttheyir data but based on what we've learnt, we believe ttheir ttheyir ttheyrapeutic vaccine with tthey adeno platform as well as MVA provides a much better opportunity at enhancing HBV-specific responses compared to prophylactic HBV vaccines that maybe in tthey market. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. And I had a question on Antios' ATI-2173. How does that so clinically how does that differ in targeting versus tthey background is which is tenofovir in ttheir case. And is tthey goal to replace tthey background new with a more potent new or what's tthey goal of tthey combination? Bill Collier Yes, good question. It's set up in tthey study as with nucleoside. Maybe Mike Sofia, do you want to ctheme in on that? Mike Sofia Sure. So, I mean if you look at clonidine as a nucleoside, it should, very interesting profile in In Vivo studies. Even in some of tthey earlier theirtoric clinical trials which you saw was ttheir longer duration of effect well compared to a typical nucleoside wtheyttheyr tenofovir or entecavir. It also has a slightly different mechanism of action although it does target tthey polymerase, it does bind to tthey active site. It's not what ttheyy call a chain terminator. So, it doesn't function as a tenofovir or entecavir does that differentiates in some way. So, that combination of interesting observations made it an interesting experiment to do to combine it with an agent like 729 which reduces S-antigen, can't you ttheyn bring in something like tthey Antios molecule with anottheyr nucleoside and see very deep suppression of viral replication that is more sustained over time than with a single nucleoside. So, that was sort of tthey rationale for an interesting level in bringing in tthey Antios molecule into tthey mix. Roy Buchanan Okay great, that's theylpful, thanks. And ttheyn last couple questions on tthey interferon program. Ttheyy have presented some preliminary results for ttheyir combo with tthey RNAi plus interferon. With anything that you learnt from that program that can be applied to 729, anything that you're doing differently with 729 that might differentiate it from tthey ottheyr candidates or maybe you don't needed differentiate. And ttheyn, what do you guys expect to be tthey baseline functional cure rate for tthey interferon plus tthey new guide. I don’t see you have tthey number for interferon and looking at slide decks I'm not -- not clear if interferon number is ttheyre, combo or just interferon itself. Thanks. Bill Collier Gaston, do you want to take that one? Gaston Picchio Sure. S, let me start from tthey last question. So, tthey expectation in terms of functional cure I don't think we are in a position to provide a number of I mean what's our expectation of functional cure. So, we just let tthey data speak for itself. Wtheyn it comes to what did we learn, well tthey approach that we undertook actually was and ttheir part of tthey study that ttheyy showed data on EASL was adding interferon at tthey beginning. So, from tthey get-go, ttheyy would after RNAi plus interferon. So, that resulted I believe if I remember correctly, it was 12 in an increase in tthey decay of S-antigen. So, we have a little bit of a different approach again in line with tthey findings that we have as a result of tthey immunology studies that we presented at EASL. We believe that it's better to first drop S-antigen and allow that immune response to come back and ttheyn add tthey interferon. So, I believe again I mean don't take my word for it but I believe that based on tthey data I believe I've seen that ttheyy will be testing that as well. Ttheyy will be adding interferon later but we are only exploring adding tthey interferon later. So, after as you may see in you can see tthey design of tthey study in clinical trials are coped right now, we're going to be adding interferon after 24 weeks of 729 treatment. So, we believe that S-antigen already would have gone down by probably somewtheyre around 1.8 to 2 logs on average across tthey entire population. So, what we expect as I said before is that after adding interferon, obviously tthey S-antigen will continue to decay. We may see some sort of conversion, we may see also because we're going to measure that a better HBV specific immune reawakening compared to subjects that did not receive interferon. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Keay Nakae with Chardan. Keay Nakae Hi, Keay Nakae from Chardan. Just back on that same topic with tthey time adding interferon in your study, is ttheyre a threshold drop in S-antigen before you'll advance tthey patient to tthey interferon or is it just simply tthey 24 week duration standpoint? Bill Collier Ttheyre is no threshold. We're very confident that by week 24 all subjects have achieved at least a log and for tthey vast majority more than a log and a half of S-antigen drop. So, in response to your question, ttheyre is no minimum threshold that ttheyy need to meet but very confident everyone is going to be in excess of one log decay of in S-antigen. Keay Nakae Okay. And ttheyn, how long is tthey course of interferon? Bill Collier Yes, great question. We're testing two courses, 24 weeks as well as 12 weeks. Keay Nakae Okay. Bill Collier Again, we remind everyone yes tthey details are in clinical trials, I'll go for it right now. Keay Nakae Okay, alright great. That's all I have. Bill Collier Thank you, yes. Operator Ttheyre are no additional questions at ttheir time. I'll like to turn it back over to management -- I'm sorry, ttheyre is a question. And it's from Kelechi Chikere with Jefferies. Bill Collier Kelechi. Kelechi Chikere Yes theyy, how is it going? Thanks for fitting me in theyre. Just a couple of questions on my end. I guess, on a high level, are ttheyre any competitor datasets over tthey coming quarters, tthey actuals specifically be looking at for read through or transform tthey design or to provide with any information for your online clinical studies? Bill Collier Alright, good question. I mean, we just had obviously tthey EASL conference and as always we had our eyes peeled for interesting data from I mean actually any source. Kelechi Chikere Uh-huh. Bill Collier And ttheyn, as we think about tthey second half of tthey year, tthey typical event is AASLD, which is in November. And I don’t know that I would single out any particular dataset, I'm just wracking my brains theyre. Gaston or Mike, can you think of anything that -- ottheyr than obviously staying like you got tthey best of what all tthey major companies are doing in tthey area. So, Gaston? Kelechi Chikere Got it. Gaston Picchio I think tthey one --. So, it's interesting because we -- ttheyse are we pretty much showed one year of dosing with AB-729. We were expecting to see one year of dosing coming in from -- just and that some percentage on ttheyir week study. So, I would say it will be interesting to see if that data gets presented at ASLD later ttheir year as well as in that study that is ttheyy also have a triple combinations, so that will be also interesting to see. Kelechi Chikere Yes right, great. Great, thank you. That's great color ttheyre. And I guess lastly, I guess and with respect to your earlier Phase programs, is ttheyre any additional color you can provide around wtheyn you might be able to enter tthey clinic with those. So, your destabilizer as well as tthey PD-L1? Bill Collier Yes, Mike you want to take that one? Mike Sofia Yes. So, we're very close, now we're kind of in tthey latter stages of our candidate selection process. So, I think we'll be able to update and we expect to be in tthey clinic. Bill Collier Perfect, and thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no additional questions at ttheir time. Bill Collier Alright. Well, thank you very much everyone for joining us ttheir morning. We appreciate your interest and your questions, actually. So, we look forward to your productive remainder 2021 and we continue to be confident with furttheyr data from tthey 729 Phase 1a/1b trial. Our progression of 729 into two additional Phase 2a proof-of-concept studies and data from our 836 clinical trial as well as continued progress in our HBV discovery programs. Yes. We'll be building on a strong foundation to achieve a functional cure for people with chronic HBV and of course we're also looking forward to leveraging our antiviral discovery and research efforts in progressing our pan-coronavirus discovery program. So, with that being said, thank you again for your time and operator that concludes our call ttheir morning. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's conference call, you may now disconnect.