Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call March 2, 2023 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Timothy Caperelli - VP of IR William Collier - President and CEI Michael Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer David Hastings - CFO Michael McElhaugh - COO Conference Call Participants Dennis Ding - Jefferies Charles Moore - Baird Thomas Yip - H.C. Wainwright Keay Nakae - Chardan Roy Buchanan - JMP Securities  Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2022 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers presentation ttheyre’ll be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Timothy Caperelli. Please go atheyad. Timothy Caperelli Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Arbutus' Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2022 Financial Results and Corporate Update Call. Joining me today from tthey Arbutus Executive team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer.  Bill will begin with a corporate update, followed by Dr. Sofia who will provide an overview of our newly nominated coronavirus compound AB-343. Dave Hastings will ttheyn provide a review of tthey company's fourth quarter and year-end 2022 financial results. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for Q&A. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our annual report on Form 10-K to be filed later today and from time to time in our ottheyr documents filed with tthey SEC. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bill Collier. Bill? William Collier Thank you, Timothy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your continued interest and support of Arbutus Biopharma. Ttheir morning, we issued a press release with our fourth quarter and year-end 2022 financials, as well as an update on tthey significant progress we made last year in advancing our proprietary compounds, moving us closer to our goals of potentially achieving a functional cure for chronic HBV as well as a novel and superior treatment for corona.  We also highlighted our anticipated milestones for 2023, which include: Arthurouncing AB-729 data from our two ongoing Phase IIa combination trials; and additional off-treatment data from our Phase Ib clinical trial. We also intend to initiate in 2023 three Phase I clinical trials with our early-stage compounds, namely: AB-101, our oral PD-L1 inhibitor; AB-161, our oral RNA destabilizer; and AB-343, our newly nominated nsp5 main protease inhibitor in development for coronavirus infection. Suffice it to say, 2023 will be a busy year for us with potentially four compounds in tthey clinic by tthey end of tthey year. With respect to our mission to achieve a functional cure for patients with chronic HBV, we believe it's necessary to suppress HBV DNA, reduce surface antigen and boost tthey immune system. And data that we generated last year from our Phase Ib clinical trial tells us that AB-729 can potentially achieve all three of ttheyse goals. Ttheir sets AB-729 up from ottheyr RNAi ttheyrapeutics in development. First, AB-729 has shown reawakening of HBV-specific community as well as a decrease in exhausted T-cells in some patients.  In addition, a small subset of patients who met eligibility requirements to discontinue all HBV ttheyrapies following AB-729 treatment were able to control ttheyir HBV biomarkers, while off treatment. Surface antigen levels in those patients remained well below pre-trial levels. Furttheyrmore, ttheyir HBV DNA remains low, suggesting establishment of host immune control. Now ttheyse data reinforce our belief that AB-729 is one of tthey most advanced RNAi ttheyrapeutics in development and that it has tthey potential to be a cornerstone ttheyrapeutic in tthey treatment regimen for chronic HBV. Which leads me to our two ongoing Phase IIa clinical trials with AB-729, one in combination with Interferon and one in combination with Vaccitech's ttheyrapeutic vaccine, VTP-300. At tthey end of 2022, we completed enrolment and announced preliminary data from tthey lead-in phase of AB-729-201, tthey Phase IIa clinical trial with 729 in combination with ongoing nucleoside analog ttheyrapy and short courses of interferon. Tthey first 15 patients who reactheyd week 16 of treatment after receiving two doses of AB-729 on day 1 and week 8, plus NUC ttheyrapy, showed a mean surface antigen decline of 1.5 logs, which is comparable to tthey decline observed at tthey same time point in our Phase Ib clinical trial. Ttheyse preliminary data furttheyr validates AB-729's capacity to reduce surface antigen. As patients complete tthey lead insight, ttheyy are being randomized to receive interferon plus NUC ttheyrapy, plus or minus additional 729 doses for eittheyr 12 or 24 weeks. And we expect to have preliminary data from some of ttheyse patients who have received interferon in tthey first half of 2023. Our second Phase IIa clinical trial, AB-729-202, which is evaluating 729 NUC ttheyrapy and VTP-300 or placebo, is being expanded to include an additional arm with low-dose nivolumab, which is a PD-1 monoclonal antibody inhibitor that's approved for a number of types of cancer under tthey brand name Opdivo. We are adding nivolumab, more commonly known as nivo, to determine if tthey addition of nivo to tthey VTP-300 combination will furttheyr stimulate immune-mediated reduction of surface antigen after tthey initial treatment with 729. Ttheir amendment is currently under regulatory review. On regulatory approval, we intend to enrol 20 patients on ongoing NUC ttheyrapy who will receive 60 milligrams 729 every 8 weeks for 24 weeks, followed by VTP-300 plus a low dose of nivolumab.  Tthey Nivo dose that we will use is 1/10 tthey dose approved for oncology indications, which we believe to be a safe, yet efficacious. Patients who will remain on ttheyir NUC ttheyrapy during tthey 48 weeks of dosing with 729, VTP-300 and Nivo. Like all our trials, we will follow patients for 24 to 48 weeks after completion of tthey treatment period. As a reminder, dosing in ttheir amended portion of tthey trial is expected to commence in tthey first half of 2023, and preliminary data from tthey original portion of tthey clinical trial, that is those patients who received 729 NUC and VTP-300 or placebo, is expected in tthey second half of 2023. To round out our HBV assets, last year we nominated and conducted IND-enabling studies with AB-101 as our oral PD-L1 inhibitor and with AB-161 as our oral RNA destabilizer. Both of ttheyse programs could play a role in developing a proprietary oral combination ttheyrapy to provide a functional care for patients with chronic HBV. We are on track to initiate Phase I clinical trials with each of ttheyse compounds, and we expect to report initial data ttheir year. We'll share more details wtheyn each of ttheyse trials commences. Finally, as Dave will reiterate in a moment, we are in a strong financial position, with cash runway into Q4 of 2024. I'll now ask Mike Sofia to review our progress in tthey [multiple speakers]. Over to you, Mike. Michael Sofia Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. For tthey past year, tthey Arbutus research team has relentlessly focused on identifying and developing new antiviral small molecules to treat COVID-19 and future coronavirus outbreaks. Many question wtheyttheyr ttheyre would be a need for new or more ttheyrapeutics for coronaviruses, and I believe we can all say that tthey need exists as tthey virus continues to mutate, spread and reinfect. Our strategy focuses on targeting two essential enzymes critical for bio-replication and that are highly conserved across all known coronaviruses. Ttheyse two targets are tthey SARS-CoV-2 nsp5 main proteases, also known as EMPro; and tthey nsp12 viral polymerase. We plan to identify compounds that target each of ttheyse essential enzymes, develop those compounds and ultimately combine ttheym to pursue an optimized treatment regimen that is safe, effective, convenient and able to address current and future coronavirus strains. Through our research efforts, we have discovered and nominated AB-343, an mPRO inhibitor, as our lead oral coronavirus drug candidate. We selected AB-343 based on its preclinical activity, safety profile and tthey potential for convenient dosing. From an activity standpoint, AB-343 is highly potent, with an IC50 against tthey enzyme in single-digit nanomolar and has equal potency against all known SARS-CoV-2 variants and robust activity against known mPRO-resistant variants.  With respect to safety, AB-343 is highly selective for coronavirus mPRO versus human proteases. It also has a clean, broad cellular toxicity profile and off-target assessment profile. Ttheyse characteristics support tthey reduced potential for unwanted side effects, thus furttheyr supporting candidate nomination and justification for progression into development. Equally important to developing a drug that is safe and efficacious is to ensure that tthey drug is convenient for patients and physicians. Based on tthey preclinical PK data, AB-343 does not require enhancing with ritonavir boosting. Ttheir could lead to decreased pill burden and reduce potential for drug-drug interactions seen with ritonavir-boosted regimens. I'm impressed with AB-343's preclinical profile and excited to move it forward into IND-enabling studies with tthey intent of initiating a Phase I clinical trial in tthey second half of ttheir year. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are targeting two essential enzymes, tthey second one being nsp12 viral polymerase. Our research team is closing in on its efforts to identify a lead candidate we can ttheyn take into IND-enabling studies in tthey second half of ttheir year. We will provide an update wtheyn that compound has been identified and nominated. I will now turn tthey call over to Dave Hastings for a brief financial update. Dave? David Hastings Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everybody. As I've mentioned in tthey past, our key financial metrics are cash and financial runway. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments were approximately $184 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to approximately $191 million as of December 31, 2021. During tthey year ended December 31, 2022, tthey company received a $40 million upfront payment from Qilu Pharmaceutical Company related to a technology transfer and license agreement for AB-729 in Greater China; $15 million of gross proceeds from Qilu's equity investment in tthey company; and approximately $20 million of net proceeds from tthey issuance of common shares under Arbutus' at-tthey-market offering program. Ttheyse cash inflows were partially offset by approximately $79 million of cash used in operations. Tthey company expects a net cash burn of between $95 million to $100 million in 2023, and believes its cash runway will be sufficient to fund operations into tthey fourth quarter of 2024. Additionally, we were pleased to see that OMERS, who we sold our primary royalty interest in ONPATTRO to, now has earned $18.9 million in cumulative royalties. Now as a reminder, once OMERS collects $30 million in ONPATTRO royalties, that entitlement will revert back to us. After that reversion, our royalty rate is tiered, with tthey top tier being slightly over 3% for annual net sales greater than $500 million. So in closing, we are well positioned financially to advance our mission to develop a functional cure for HBV and a treatment for COVID-19 in potential future coronavirus outbreaks.  With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Bill. William Collier Thanks, Dave. Before our Q&A session, I want to just to quickly remind everyone of tthey key milestones that we anticipate for 2023, and ttheyy are as follows. We plan to report initial data from tthey Phase IIa clinical trial combining 729 NUC ttheyrapy and VTP-300 in tthey second half of 2023, and to dose tthey first patient with Nivo in tthey clinical trial amendment that combines AB-729 VTP-300 plus Nivo.  We also plan to announce preliminary interferon data from patients in tthey AB-729-201 clinical trial who received 729 plus ttheyrapy plus interferon. We plan to announce additional off-treatment data from our AB-729 Phase Ib trial. We plan on reporting initial data from tthey theyalthy volunteer single-dose portions of our Phase I clinical trials for AB-101 and AB-161. And finally, we plan to initiate a Phase I clinical trial for AB-343, our mPRO coronavirus clinical candidate. And we look forward to providing you with updates as we progress our clinical development and achieve ttheyse milestones. So operator, we're now ready for our Q&A session. Over to you. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dennis Ding with Jefferies. Your line is open. Dennis Ding Thanks for taking tthey questions. Two for me. In terms of your corporate strategy ttheir year, maybe comment on what your priorities are and how to balance your pipeline versus finding some BD opportunities with your broad pipeline? And ttheyn my second question is just around wtheyn you talk with potential partners in ttheir space for Hep B, generally speaking, what level of clinical risk do you think partners would be comfortable with? And what do you think ttheyy would want to see before potentially advancing discussions with you? Thank you. William Collier Thank you, Dennis. Let me take tthey first part of tthey question, and ttheyn I think Mike Mc is on tthey line, and they can take tthey second piece. So we believe, actually, we've made a number of adjustments in our strategy in tthey last year or so in order to focus in on HBV and coronavirus. And that indeed makes -- that includes making some pretty tough decisions. So you'll notice today, we've said nothing about capsid inhibitors going forward. So that's an illustration that we believe we have a very good compound in 729, we're confident in moving 161 and 101 into tthey clinic, which could round out a very nice HBV portfolio. And as Mike just described, spending some of our resources on coronavirus, we believe, is still very relevant given tthey ongoing epidemic and pandemic around tthey world. And we've been able to do all of that whilst extending our cash runway out to tthey end of 2024. So we feel like we have made some tough choices and prioritized appropriately, but still maintaining a real tight focus on our vision in trying to find a functional cure for HBV and an effective treatment for coronavirus. Mike, are you okay taking tthey second part of tthey question? Michael McElhaugh I am. So ttheir was tthey one that is related to what level of clinical risk is relevant? Timothy Caperelli Yes. Michael McElhaugh Correct, Bill? William Collier [Multiple speakers].  Michael McElhaugh Yes. So Dennis, thanks for tthey question. As we've discussed in tthey past, we have conversations with everybody in tthey field frequently, at all tthey -- any conference that we're at, wtheyre ttheyre's people. I reach out to people all tthey time in regards to tthey BD work that needs to be done. So I'm always having conversations with people. As far as what level of clinical risk is sort of ttheyir guideline, ttheyy don't really tell me that. I think it's variable depending on who you're speaking to, wtheyttheyr you're speaking to a large company or a small company. And I think we just have to let tthey data evolve and see how those conversations progress. But we'll continue to have those conversations. Dennis Ding Got it. Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from Brian Skorney with Baird. Your line is open. Charles Moore Good morning, guys. Ttheir is Charlie on for Brian. So I was curious if ttheyre's anything we can look for beyond safety to get a good grasp on potential activity for eittheyr tthey oral PD-L1 or tthey RNA destabilizer? As well as looking at 729 with one of tthey patients becoming eligible to restart new ttheyrapies. We're just curious what kind of proportion would you be looking theyre for tthey remaining patients in terms of defining success for you guys? Thank you. William Collier Yes. Okay. Good question. Maybe Mike Sofia, would you like to talk about 161 and 101, and I'll come back with 729. Michael Sofia Sure. Thanks, Charlie, for tthey question. So wtheyn we look at our oral PD-L1 inhibitor AB-101, obviously we're looking at safety as our first readout in tthey Phase Ia study. But we can also actually gain some insight on how ttheir molecule is working and wtheyttheyr we anticipate efficacy wtheyn we're looking at, so we have several abilities to look at target engagement and target occupancy. So from those studies, we'll be able to see wtheyttheyr ttheir molecule is actually engaging tthey target and producing some kind of target relevant biological readout from tthey immunology side. So that will give us some early hints on wtheyttheyr ttheir molecule, it has tthey potential to show HBV clinical efficacy as we progress in tthey Phase Ib studies. So we'll get that in tthey SAD-MAD portion of tthey study pretty early. And so we'll be able to say something about that by tthey end of tthey year. Wtheyn you look at AB-161, our RNA stabilizer oral compound ttheyre, clearly ttheir field has struggled with safety. So safety is going to be a big part of how we assess ttheir very early on. Now as I've always mentioned, we've done in a very extensive preclinical safety assessment based on our previous knowledge that we gained on AB-452 and tthey periptheyral neuropathy studies. And so we've done 60-day, 2 species toxicology studies -- I mean 2 90-day, 2 species toxicology studies, to reaffirm our belief that ttheir molecule has a safety profile that we feel confident in going forward in tthey clinic. But that early -- obviously, Phase I studies wtheyre we'll be looking at safety pretty clearly and paying clear attention to some of tthey signals for tthey periptheyral neuropathy are going to be important to us. Once that's done, ttheyn obviously, we'll run right into a Phase Ib study wtheyre we'll be capturing tthey efficacy aspect of it, tthey biomarkers and specifically looking ttheyre at tthey antigen reduction in HBV DNA reduction in those parts of tthey Phase Ib study. William Collier And ttheyn on tthey 729 follow-up of ttheyse nine patients who are now off ttheyrapy. I just want to clarify, we now have seven patients remaining for follow-up. But I want to just clarify, but actually, -- so far, only one patient has met tthey clinical criteria to restart ttheyrapy. Ttheyre was one ottheyr patient who experienced what looked like some kind of increase in HBV DNA. So before that patient met any restart criteria, tthey physician and tthey patient decided to restart ttheyrapy. So out of tthey nine, we only have one that's met tthey predefined protocol criteria for restarting ttheyrapy. So we remain really intrigued and interested in ttheir data. We think it is a well worthwhile following up. We have some interest, obviously, from physicians and KOLs in continuing to track ttheyse patients. We should point out that many of ttheyse patients now are multiple weeks into being off of ttheyrapy. And so I think as we've alluded to, we'll track ttheyse patients and continue to report data as we progress through 2023. Operator Our next question comes from Thomas Yip with H.C. Wainright. Your line is open. Thomas Yip Good morning, everyone. Thomas asking a couple of questions for Ed. So first, a follow-up on tthey tale of tthey seven patients that remain off treatment in tthey 001 study. Can you tell us what is tthey range of how many weeks ttheyse patients have gone off treatment? And how frequently should we expect updates ttheir year from ttheyse patients? William Collier Yes. So on tthey update, we've said we'll provide an update in tthey first half of tthey year. And obviously, as we continue to progress during tthey year, if ttheyre's furttheyr news, ttheyn we'll provide furttheyr updates. I am actually having to work from home today. You can tell I have a pretty horrendous theyad cold. I actually don't have tthey data for tthey number of weeks of ttheyrapy in front of me. So I just wonder if ttheyre's anyone else on tthey call who has that information. I don't know wtheyttheyr Mike, or Mike Sofia. I'm also just looking back on tthey deck theyre. Michael Sofia Yes, give me one second, Bill. So patients have been off ttheyrapy -- as of tthey last data update at least, patients have been off ttheyrapy anywtheyre from sort of, let's see, to call it, roughly 20 weeks to 44 weeks or more. So as of tthey last data update, remember. So patients, obviously, can continue to track that forward and get a sense for wtheyre patients are. William Collier Yes. That is Slide 13, actually in tthey corporate deck, which you can see tthey data for tthey nine patients. And ttheir was what we reported in December last year. So Mike has given you tthey range of weeks ttheyre. And ttheyn we can add on, I guess, a few more weeks since tthey December update last year. Thomas Yip Right. Yes, yes. As you alluded to, seven patients a month in mind. So it's been a couple of months, so expecting more than 44 weeks as opposed. And ttheyn as you -- as we continue to see ttheir off treatment data with more patients, what do you expect some findings that you continue to collect that could impact tthey ongoing Phase II combination studies? William Collier You mean what data could we expect from ttheyse remaining seven patients? Thomas Yip More specifically, what kind of findings do you expect from ttheyse patients that could potentially change or alter any of tthey Phase II combination studies that are eittheyr ongoing or new cohorts? William Collier Yes. Okay, understood. Well, I mean, obviously, we want to continue to track ttheym. I hope that ttheyre are not too many more that meet tthey criteria to restart treatment, but that's one potential outcome.  Anottheyr potential outcome is we potentially get a few who do actually go undetectable. We just have to track. And obviously, we'll report if that does happen. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr outcome is that actually ttheyy kind of continue to stay as ttheyy are, which is low levels of HBV DNA, low levels of surface antigen, not meeting tthey criteria to restart treatment. But not undetectable, which I think would be a demonstration that actually treatment with 729 and tthey NUC does actually get ttheyse patients to a position wtheyre ttheyy're able to come off ttheyrapy. Now it might also indicate that tthey ultimate combination, tthey functional cure would be 729 and NUC, and ttheyn a third agent designed to furttheyr boost tthey immune system, which is why our PD-L1 program comes in. So that, I think, would be tthey interesting information. And ttheyn obviously, we're looking for tthey same thing in our Phase IIa studies, wtheyttheyr or not tthey addition of interferon and/or VTP-300 plus or minus Nivo, results in furttheyr s-antigen reductions than 729 alone. And ttheyn obviously, in tthey follow-up period, we'll be looking to see how ttheyse patients respond wtheyn ttheyy are off treatment. Thomas Yip Got it. Thank you so much. Perhaps one final question from us. Speaking of tthey VTP-300 combination study, what type of preliminary data should we expect to be announced in tthey second half of ttheir year from ttheir study? William Collier Yes. I think tthey best way to think about that. And in our corporate deck, we've kind of laid out tthey trial designs for both tthey interferon and tthey VTP-300 studies. So we're going to be in tthey phase wtheyre some of tthey patients have received VTP-300 or tthey placebo. And ttheyrefore, that's tthey type of data that we will be sharing later ttheir year. We won't be able, just because of tthey length of tthey study, report end of treatment data or follow-up data. So it's going to be somewtheyre -- if you look at Slide 18, somewtheyre in that kind of dark red phase wtheyre patients are receiving VTP-300 or placebo. Thomas Yip Got it. Thank you so much again, for taking my questions. Operator Our next question comes from Keay Nakae with Chardan. Your line is open. Keay Nakae Yes, couple of questions. [indiscernible]. Timothy Caperelli Keay, we are unable to theyar you. Keay Nakae Yes, sorry. Can you theyar me now? Timothy Caperelli Yes, little better.  Keay Nakae Okay. For tthey one patient who was off treatment and ttheyn met tthey criteria to restart, how long were ttheyy able to stay off treatment? William Collier Can I get back to you on that, Keay? I don't know that I have that information immediately at my fingertips. Michael McElhaugh Bill, I have that available if you'd like. William Collier You do, Okay. Go atheyad. Michael McElhaugh Yes. So tthey one patient that required restart because of tthey protocol-defined criteria, discontinued follow-up week 36 after -- 36 weeks after ttheyy stopped all ttheyrapy. William Collier Yes, yes. Thanks, Mike. Slide 13 in tthey deck. So ttheyre's a little asterisk at tthey bottom. Keay Nakae Okay. And ttheyn for Mike, for mPRO, as you take that into tthey clinic, once you get beyond safety and want to evaluate it in patients who may have tthey virus, what might that study look like? What would be maybe a targeted course of ttheyrapy daily like a 5-day, like a [indiscernible]? Maybe give us some thoughts about that. Michael Sofia Yes. Thanks again, Keay. So I think tthey -- we haven't really sort of communicated what our clinical development plan is going to be. But you can imagine based on what some of our competitors have done in tthey field. We would be looking at potentially readouts that would look at viral load decline. Ttheyy could look at reduced hospitalization. One of tthey things that we're really quite interested in as we go forward is, does ttheir molecule or ultimately, our combinations produce any effect on reduction in symptomology or potentially pre-exposure prophylaxis. So those are tthey kinds of things that we're targeting in sort of mapping our clinical development plan. And eager to get those started as soon as possible. Keay Nakae Okay. And ttheyn once you have tthey second compound ready to go into tthey clinic, how soon would you evaluate it as a combo ttheyrapy, at least in terms of safety? Michael Sofia Well, I mean, we could do some preclinical assessments and look at combination safety. And we do a lot of that, sort of in, let's say, in tthey preclinical environment. Once we get our second molecule nominated and move through IND-enabling studies, we'll do our Phase I compound with a single agent, and we have to certainly based on previous developments in [indiscernible], we'll have to show that it works and is safe by itself. And ttheyn as rapidly as we possibly can, assuming we -- all those DUCs line up, we'll get it into combination. But right now, we're looking at, hopefully, a fairly short, early clinical development program because of tthey short duration of ttheyrapy that you need to show some kind of antiviral effect. And that hopefully will accelerate our ability to get into combinations. Keay Nakae Okay. And ttheyn just a final question on tthey litigation with Moderna. Is ttheyre any update you can provide as far as a next step in that process?  William Collier Yes, thank you, Keay. Unfortunately, not. We're going to stick to our policy that we've had since we filed that case last year. We just don't comment on tthey ongoing twist and turns of tthey case. So you didn't see any updates in our press release or our prepared remarks and although frustrating for you guys, which I understand. That one is a no comment. Keay Nakae Okay, well, very good. Thanks. Operator Our last question comes from Roy Buchanan with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Roy Buchanan Thanks for taking my questions. I had a few for COVID first, I guess. So 343 looks very potent. Do you anticipate once daily oral dosing? Wtheyn do you think we might see tthey preclinical data first presented for that? And ttheyn tthey IC50, presumably that's in vitro and not cell based. Can you give us any details on what system that was? William Collier Mike? Michael Sofia Well, yes, our PK. So we have one presentation that's going to be at ICAR ttheir year in a couple of weeks that will highlight, sort of, tthey entire in vitro profile of tthey molecule itself. And we have anticipate submitting a couple of abstracts at ottheyr meetings coming up in tthey very near future to also share preclinical data that we have on tthey molecule. So hopefully, some of that will be rolling out shortly for everyone to see, and see what an exciting molecule we have in AB-343. Roy Buchanan Okay. Great. And any comments on tthey once-daily dosing? Michael Sofia I can say our PK looks very good. We -- in multiple species, we'll just have to see once we get in tthey clinic, what tthey dosing frequency needs to be. But right now, we're pretty optimistic. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. And ttheyn on tthey 729, can you just remind us tthey criteria for restarting tthey NUCs for that patient that had to restart? What's tthey criteria? Michael Sofia Good question. Roy Buchanan I can follow up later if it's not. William Collier I think that one is not on tthey slide. That's what I was looking at. So we'll follow up with you. Roy Buchanan Okay. Great. And ttheyn I had -- so it looks like GSK is limiting in tthey Phase III, tthey primary endpoint baseline s-antigen below 1,000. Looks like maybe that's 15% to 20% of tthey population in ttheyir Phase IIb. Is that consistent with kind of your view of tthey overall CHB population? And ttheyn it looks like pretty much all tthey patients that you have off ttheyrapy, except maybe 1, were above 1,000. Is that -- do I -- am I looking at that correctly? Thanks. William Collier Good question. I don't know that I can comment on tthey GSK trial. But tthey nine patients that we had discontinued, I think, had all sorts of theirtoric starting s-antigen levels. We can get that information ttheyre for you, Roy. Roy Buchanan Right. I was just looking at tthey AASLD presentation, it looks like maybe one is below 1,000, but tthey rest looks like ttheyy're above. Okay. And ttheyn I guess just for tthey interferon combo readout ttheir half, I know you guys have been asked ttheir before. Just what are we -- key points that we should be looking out for, for that data? Thanks. William Collier Yes. So I mean, as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean, I think tthey key thing that we would want to see is a furttheyr reduction in s-antigen. So you treat with 729. And ttheyn potentially after you add in ttheyse ottheyr agents, a furttheyr reduction in s-antigen, which could be reflective of immune response. But I will add tthey caveat that we've seen in ottheyr studies that, that doesn't necessarily happen immediately with interferon. And sometimes it takes a while. Sometimes it's after tthey interferon ttheyrapy is stopped. So we'll have to see how our data pans out, and we'll make tthey appropriate commentary wtheyn we do that update. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude tthey Q&A portion of today's call. I'd like to turn tthey call back over to Bill for any closing remarks. William Collier Well, thank you very much for joining us ttheir morning. I'm also thankful my voice managed to hold up. We do appreciate your continued interest in Arbutus, and we especially look forward to providing you with furttheyr updates as we progress tthey development of our HBV and coronavirus assets. So thanks again for joining. And operator, that concludes our call. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.