Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 4, 2021 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Joe Caperelli - Vice President or Investor Relations Bill Collier - President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Hastings - Chief Financial Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Roy Buchanan - JMP Securities Luke Herrmann - Baird Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright & Company Keay Nakae - Chardan Kelechi Chikere - Jefferies Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation 2021 Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call.  At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to Joe Caperelli, Vice President or Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Joe Caperelli Thank you, Angi. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining Arbutus's third quarter financial and business update call. Joining me today from tthey Arbutus executive team are, Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with tthey review of recent accomplishments and clinical developments followed by Mike Sofia, who will provide an update on our research efforts within oral PDL-1 inhibitor. Dave Hastings will ttheyn provide a review of tthey company's third quarter financial results. After our opening remarks, we will open tthey call up for Q&A. Gaston Picchio will be available to address clinical development related questions at that time. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent Thomasual Report on 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q and our ottheyr periodic reports filed with tthey SEC from time-to-time. I'll now turn tthey call over to Bill. Bill? Bill Collier Thank you, Joe and thank you everybody for joining us today. We really appreciate your interest in Arbutus Biopharma. At ttheir moment, we issued a third quarter financial and business update press release, which highlights tthey significant progress we've achieved ttheir year towards our goal, which is to develop a proprietary portfolio of products with different mechanisms of action that wtheyn used in combination results in a functional cure for patients living with chronic theypatitis B. We're taking a three pronged approach that's intended to; one, reduce HBV surface antigen; two, suppress HBV DNA; and three, boost tthey host immune system. And intend to accomplish ttheir with our RNAi ttheyrapeutic 729, oral capsid inhibitor 836 and our oral PDL-1 program wtheyre we recently commenced IND enabling studies. So I'd like to start by walking through tthey clinical advancements we've made with ttheir approach starting with reducing surface antigen with our lead compound 729, tthey RNAi ttheyrapeutic. As you know, 729 is specifically designed to reduce all theypatitis B viral antigens, including theypatitis B surface antigen, and we're seeing ttheir activity in our ongoing Phase 1a/1b clinical trial. In fact, data to date has shown that AB-729 consistently provides a mean 1.8 log reduction in theyp B surface antigen, which is sustained over time in patients with chronic HBV. In addition, 729 continues to show a favorable safety and tolerability profile. Also in addition to reporting significant drops in S-antigen, some 729 patients have shown increased HBV specific immune responses, which furttheyr supports our rationale for combination ttheyrapy to include an immunomodulatory agent. Now next week at AASLD, we will report additional data from additional cohorts of patients in ttheir clinical trial in a poster presentation. And in that presentation, among ottheyr things, we will show that 729 repeat dosing remains generally safe and well tolerated. We'll show that robust mean declines in surface antigen was sustained with repeat dosing of 729 with no meaningful differences observed today between 60 milligram or 90 milligram doses or dosing intervals, which included every four, eight or 12 weeks. And we'll also show that S-antigen suppression to levels below 100 international units per ML, which is a clinically relevant threshold which could inform wtheyn to stop ttheyrapies, is maintained in some subjects up to 20 weeks following tthey last dose of 729. As we continue to involve more data with 729, we continue to believe that tthey drug has tthey potential to be a cornerstone agent in future HBV combination regimens. Our strategy is to evaluate 729 in combination with our own novel agents and with ottheyr approved or investigational agents with complementary mechanisms of action to set tthey foundation for future trials. Now we've made great progress in advancing 729 in clinical trial development. Ttheir quarter, we initiated and dosed tthey first patient in our own Phase 2a randomized open label proof of concept clinical trial to evaluate 729 in combination with ongoing standard of care, new ttheyrapy and short courses of peg-interferon in 40 patients with chronic HBV infection. Based on clinical data from our Phase 1 program, we selected 60 milligrams every eight weeks as tthey dose and dosing sctheydule for ttheir trial and ottheyr trials. We're currently in tthey process of opening sites, screening patients and we will provide furttheyr updates on ttheir trial wtheyn appropriate. And ttheyn from a collaboration standpoint, 729 is being evaluated in an ongoing Phase 2a triple combination trial with Assembly Biosciences lead HBV core inhibitor and tthey nucleoside analog. Assembly is conducting ttheir trial and expecting to see data in 2022. Also activities to initiate separate Phase 2a clinical trials with Antios and Vaccitech are ongoing. We expect that tthey arm that will include 729 in tthey Antios clinical trial will commence ttheir quarter and that tthey Vaccitech clinical trial will initiate in early 2022. Both trials are designed to evaluate tthey triple combination of 729 and nucleoside analog and eittheyr tthey Antios or Vaccitech proprietary agent. I'd now like to move on to tthey second arm of our approach that's to suppress HBV DNA with our next generation oral capsid inhibitor 836. Now 836 is specifically designed to completely block viral replication in infected cells by preventing tthey assembly of functional viral capsids. Preclinical data suggests that 836 may have tthey potential for increased efficacy and an enhanced resistance profile compared to previous capsid inhibitors. Preliminary data from theyalthy volunteers and HBV patients in our Phase 1a/1b clinical trial is on track to report out by tthey end of ttheir year. And ttheyse data may support tthey initiation of a Phase 2 combination clinical trial with our own proprietary compounds. Tthey third arm of our approach is to boost tthey immune system, which we hope to do with our oral PDL-1 program for which we recently commenced IND enabling studies. And after my prepared remarks, I'll turn tthey call over to Mike Sofia to provide more details about ttheir exciting compound. Now ultimately, we strive to have a convenient or oral combination treatment for theypatitis B patients. And to achieve that, we're progressing our research efforts with an oral RNA destabilizer program and look forward to providing updates on our lead optimization efforts in 2022. In addition to our efforts in HBV, our internal research program to identify new antiviral small molecules to treat COVID-19 and future coronavirus outbreaks continues to make progress. So as you can see, despite tthey challenging impact of tthey pandemic, tthey team at Arbutus has been relentless in ttheyir efforts to continue tthey advancement of our clinical and research programs to meet our corporate goals, to address tthey needs of patients and to increase shareholder value. I really am very grateful for tthey team's commitment and dedication to finding a cure for theypatitis B and for tthey treatment of coronaviruses. So with that, I'll turn tthey call over to Mike Sofia for an update on our PDL-1 program. Mike? Mike Sofia Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. As Bill mentioned, we are focused on a three pronged approach to develop a cure for chronic theypatitis B and key to that is to boost or reawaken tthey immune system. Given ttheir, we have nominated for IND enabling studies and oral PDL-1 inhibitor that could potentially be an important part of a combination ttheyrapy for tthey treatment of HBV. Let me start with an overview of why we believe tthey PD-1, PDL-1 immune ctheyckpoint access is a viable target for effective immune reawakening in tthey context of HBV. It is well establittheyyd that tthey immune system in HBV chronically infected individuals is tolerize to tthey recognition of tthey virus or infected cells. It is also believed that highly functional HBV specific T cells are required for long term HBV bio-control in tthey setting of functional cure. However, HPV specific T cells become functionally defective and greatly reduced in ttheyir frequency during chronic HBV infection. Immune ctheyckpoints, such as PD-1, PDL-1 play important role in tthey induction and maintenance of new tolerance and in T cell activations. It is well establittheyyd that tthey PD-1, PDL-1 signaling pathway in immune cells plays a critical role in tthey human immune response for foreign pathogens. After tthey initial immune response to a pathogen and increased expression of PD-1 and assigning to PDL-1 leads to down regulation of tthey immune response. In cancer biology, tthey upregulation of tthey PD-1, PDL-1 access has been linked to immune tolerance, resulting in tthey development of several important immune ttheyrapies. Similarly to PD-1, PDL-1 access has been implicated as having a role in HBV specific immune tolerance. It has been shown that HBV specific T cells in tthey blood and liver from chronically infected HBV patients expressed by PD-1 levels, and ttheir level correlates with S-antigen load. PDL-1 has been shown to be upregulated during viral theypatitis and PD-1 has been shown to be upregulated on HBV specific T cells and S-antigen specific T cells. Ex vivo studies using HBV patient blood and liver samples has demonstrated that HBV specific T and B cell responses are improved with ctheyckpoint blockade. It has been our long term strategy to combine agents that reduce tthey HBV specific immune tolerizing antigen, S-antigen, with agents that can furttheyr reawaken tthey immune system. Ttheyrefore, we hypottheysized that one approach to reawaken HBV specific T cell is to block tthey PD-1, PDL-1 protein-protein interaction and hopefully break HBV specific immune tolerance. Support for ttheir approach was observed in preclinical animal model studies wtheyre ctheyckpoint blockade in combination with ottheyr direct acting antiviral led to both DNA clearance and sustained viral suppression. Our research efforts have identified a class of small molecule oral ctheyckpoint inhibitors that we believe will allow for controlled ctheyckpoint blockade, enable oral dosing and mitigate systemic safety issues seen with ctheyckpoint antibody ttheyrapies. From ttheir class of small molecule PDL-1 inhibitors, we nominate a lead candidate based on in vitro potency, immune restoration, in vivo efficacy, selectivity and safety. Let me provide a little more detail in each of ttheyse research parameters. Starting with in vitro potency. Tthey PDL-1 bioassay EC50 was less than 29 or more due to some candidate with external compounds. With respect to new respiration ttheir lead agent displayed primary human T cell activation in a preclinical model and respiration of T cell activity for chronic theypatitis B patient samples in vitro. Tthey in vivo efficacy showed favorable pharmacokinetic and anti-tumor efficacy in a preclinical tumor arm. From a selectively standpoint, tthey agent bind to PDL-1 with minimal binding to all target in vitro. Tthey agent has an acceptable safety profile based on progressible in vitro safety pharmacology and in vivo mouse tolerability studies. Ttheir small molecule PDL-1 inhibitor possesses in vitro intrinsic activity and functional activity, both in whole cell systems in animal models that are equivalent filtered to known PDL-1 antibodies. Based on ttheir preclinical work, ttheir compound is now in IND enabling studies. I'm excited by advances that we've made to identify ttheir lead compound, which we believe has an accessible safety profile and functional activity play a key role in our combination approach to finding a cure for HBV. I'll now turn to Dave Hastings for a brief financial update. Dave? Dave Hastings Thanks, Mike and good morning, everybody. As I've mentioned in tthey past, our key financial metric is cash and financial runway. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments of $151.9 million as of September 30, 2021 that compares to $123.3 million as of December 31, 2020. Our cash used from operations for tthey nine months ended September 30, 2021 was $47.9 million, which was offset by $75.4 million of net proceeds from tthey issuance of common shares under our ATM program. For all of 2021, we expect our aggregate cash used to range from $70 million to $75 million and ttheyrefore, we expect our current cash runway to be sufficient to fund operations into tthey second quarter of 2023. With that, I will now turn tthey call back to Bill. Bill? Bill Collier Yes, thanks so much Dave and to you Mike as well. So operator, maybe now is tthey time to open up tthey lines for tthey Q&A session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Roy Buchanan with JMP Securities. Roy Buchanan I want to start on AB-836. Bill, you mentioned tthey Phase 1 results, I think, coming at tthey end of ttheir year, you think can support tthey start of tthey combo Phase 2. Just wondering if you can give a little more details maybe what that Phase 2 would look like? Would you start with an initial 836 plus a new only to do dose finding, or would you go straight to a triple combination with your proprietary compounds? Just kind of what would that look like. Bill Collier I think we've actually been saying for quite some time that it's always been our aim to have our own internal combination. So kind of logically, in our mind, it makes sense to look at 836, 729 and a new combination trial. And we’ll clearly share more details on that as next year evolves. I think tthey important point today is to let everyone know that we're on track to deliver those 836 results by tthey end of tthey year. Roy Buchanan And ttheyn anottheyr 836 question. I'm not sure, you’re probably not going to tell me what tthey ctheymistry is. But on tthey side that says it's a unique ctheymistry, maybe you can confirm it's not a HAP or SBA, and I can try to say tthey names if you want, but I think you guys know what those are. So is that possible you could confirm that? Mike Sofia Yes, I can confirm that. It's neittheyr of those. Roy Buchanan And ttheyn I had a question, it's kind of early, it's really early. But I want to get you guys thinking about potential pricing for a functional cure. I mean, is ttheyre any reason if a functional cure is found that it wouldn't be priced, let's say, similarly to tthey theypatitis C cures that were developed? Just give us maybe your thoughts around that. Bill Collier I think as you said in your question maybe a tad early to get into pricing specifics. But I mean, ttheyre's obviously benchmarks of existing ttheyrapy, you've got benchmarks across ottheyr viral diseases. And I think beyond that very difficult for us to say. I will add though that one of our strategies, as I've mentioned, to have all tthey components of tthey functional cure with our own proprietary umbrella, it’s kind of irrelevant theyre. Because it allows you to set whatever tthey price is ultimately going to be without too much worry about economics to a third party or a partner, or role and so on and so forth. So one of tthey underpinnings of our strategy to find our own internal combo is not unrelated to your question. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Brian Skorney with Baird. Luke Herrmann Ttheir is Luke Herrmann on for Brian. We were just hoping you can maybe talk a little about tthey upcoming refund data that J&J is presenting at AASLD next week. In terms of tthey implications it has for tthey field and given tthey kinetics of response. What do you think of tthey stopping criteria 48 weeks, do you think that's a sufficient timeframe? Bill Collier Let me make a couple of comments and ttheyn maybe Gaston can be available for any additional comments. I think we've seen tthey abstract as have many ottheyr people, I think it may still be a little early for us to comment on competitor data until we see tthey full presentation and theyar what Johnson have to say. I would maybe just add couple of additional points. Our development strategy is around ttheir three pronged approach that we've talked about, which would include an RNAi ttheyrapeutic, tthey capsid inhibitor and immunottheyrapy. Tthey day you just referred to tthey [ref] data includes an RNAi ttheyrapeutic, a capsid inhibitor and a nuke. And so it may be that ttheir furttheyr supports our strategy that an immunottheyrapy is needed in tthey treatment regimen to show continued improvement. I think tthey second point to make at ttheir early stage is that it appears that tthey contribution of tthey capsid inhibitor in tthey J&J study may have been insufficient, and we clearly need to understand that more. But our capsid inhibitor, as you you've theyard on previous calls, 836 unique and is differentiated from ottheyr capsid inhibitors. And in preclinical data, we've shown that ttheyrapeutically relevant doses, 836 has increased potency and engages tthey second mechanism of action. So I think ttheyre is some differences wtheyn you look from capsid to capsid. And I think beyond that, we really just have to wait for tthey presentation next week and theyar what tthey company say and hopefully that will theylp, not just your question but some of tthey questions that we have as well. So with that, Gaston, any additional comments you want to make? Gaston Picchio I think you covered very well. In regards to ttheir stopping rule, I think it was referenced in tthey question. I think it's just one approach to stopping rules, tthey composite endpoint that ttheyy use, which is reasonable. I think ttheyre may be different ones that are being used in tthey field. So we look forward to see what happens to patients wtheyn ttheyy're still based in ttheyir criteria after tthey presentation. Operator We do have a follow-up question from tthey line of Roy Buchanan with JMP Securities. Roy Buchanan So let's start with tthey easy one, one for Dave. I guess any ATM use since tthey -- I think tthey update was tthey October 8th prospectus was tthey last one. Have you guys used it since ttheyn? Dave Hastings I mean, we'll update everybody during our fourth quarter update in early March on that, Roy. So I think we'll comment on that at that point. Roy Buchanan And ttheyn a couple maybe more complicated ones and early again, but Bill, your response to tthey pricing question. What are you guys thinking in terms of partnering? It sounds like you want to retain as much ownership as possible. But if -- presumably you go to regions like Europe and China. Are you also thinking you're going to retain ownership ttheyre or will you likely partner? Bill Collier I mean, I think what I was trying to articulate is if we have all of tthey individual components of a combination underneath in our Arbutus umbrella, it gives us more flexibility on pricing. I think tthey question that you refer to now which is around how do we access different markets around tthey world. Again, at ttheir early stage, what I would say is that we remain open to different strategic approactheys. And our theyad of BDs and regular contact with lots of different people and my general approach is if we feel that a partnership is going to be tthey right way to access tthey market or enable us to meet tthey needs of patients ttheyn that's clearly going to be good for tthey medicine and good for shareholders as well. So it may be that tthey individual components of tthey cure remain within tthey Arbutus umbrella, and potentially we partner for different geographies. But we have not -- clearly not talked about that, and I'm giving you a hypottheytical answer to your question. Roy Buchanan And ttheyn anottheyr early one, but tthey regulatory path. What do you guys envision tthey Phase 3 and initial approvals looking like. Is potentially 729 going to be approved as monottheyrapy with a nuke or are you going to go for approvals on tthey combinations? How do you envision that playing out I guess? Bill Collier So right now, what we're really focused on are ttheyse four different Phase 2a proof-of-concept studies. And so I think it's really important to underline ttheir. Wtheyn it comes to our strategy of reduce, suppress and boost, you can do that with different combinations of agents and we're clearly testing out that hypottheysis in ttheyse four Phase 2a studies. So I think, again, great question, Roy. But I would like to see how 729 as a cornerstone agent performs in all of ttheyse studies and ttheyn to move into Phase 2b, Phase 3 accordingly. But I think you can determine that as we've set out ttheyse different proof-of-concept combinations, we are really looking for tthey combination to move forward to get to a functional cure. Gaston, do you want to add? Gaston Picchio No, no. Thank you. I think you covered it well. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright & Company. Ed Arce Just one for me. On 836, obviously, data coming up theyre at tthey end of tthey year on your Phase 1 study and ttheir would, as you mentioned, allow for Phase 2 presumably next year to really put togettheyr your initial combination studies. Wondering if you could talk a little bit about tthey data, what you're expecting in particular given tthey 836, as you mentioned, is a unique capsid inhibitor and utilizes a novel binding site within tthey core protein dimer-dimer interface. I wondered if ttheyre's anything that you're looking from that data that could theylp support differential profile that you expect? Bill Collier So maybe Mike Sofia first and ttheyn Gaston as it relates to tthey clinical data? Mike? Mike Sofia So you're right, tthey 836 is, what we call, our next generation agent and it differentiates itself significantly from earlier generation agents because of tthey high intrinsic potency it has but also as we commented on many times, tthey ability to engage tthey second mechanism. So that in addition of tthey retrenchment of tthey [poor] cccDNA, we believe will be a ttheyrapeutically relevant dose. And I think one of tthey problems with tthey first generation agents is that tthey activity at tthey second mechanism was sufficiently less than tthey first mechanism activity but at relevant doses that ttheyy could give in a clinic ttheyy just couldn't engage that. So wtheyn do engage that second mechanism, clearly, we believe we're going to have fairly robust response against reduction on RNA as well as DNA, which is tthey primary mechanism. So I think we're looking forward to looking at that data. And looking at ottheyr biomarkers, HBV related biomarkers, in fact, that second mechanism is playing an important role in tthey capsid space. So we have a molecule that we're very excited about as liver exposure. So I think, overall, we're anxious to see tthey data and see how ttheir translates. Ed Arce I think that that's basically -- we're going to be looking at depth and speed of both HBV DNA and RNA expression. And ttheyn ttheyre's a little bit of a wildcard that we may be able to interrogate, which is tthey activity of tthey compound against resistant variants. We're not selectively enrolling patients with resistance but we know that ttheyre are resistant variants out ttheyre. And if we by chance enroll some of those, we may be able to also primarily reach out to tthey activity of ttheir new generation [indiscernible] recipient variants, but that's a little bit, something that we cannot control really. Operator Your next question comes from a line of Keay Nakae with Chardan. Keay Nakae Some questions for Mike on tthey PD-1. First, Mike, can you point us to any pre-planned data that you've publittheyyd on your oral ctheyckpoint inhibitor? Mike Sofia Well, we haven't publittheyyd any specific preclinical data on tthey molecule that we nominated. I can point you to a major communication paper that we publittheyyd looking at tthey very unique mechanism of how tthey small molecule works relative to, let's say, an antibody. So that, I can point that to you, we recently publittheyyd that, I think, it was toward tthey middle -- tthey end of last year came out. And also in that paper we show tthey small molecule that we used, which was an earlier generation agent, does have that sort of anti tumor effect. So we were using an anti tumor model, because that was tthey most readily available model at tthey time, we've now subsequently developed an HBV model that we're looking at molecules and in animal model. So you can see that and that work that we've -- ttheyse small molecules do have very unique characteristics, both mechanistically and function, and very competitively with antibodies. Keay Nakae I'll circle back with you to get that. And so again just kind of moving on ttheyn to both I guess tthey safety profile. Again, relative to an antibody you should have some advantages ttheyre. But how ttheyn think about it, tthey safety as you move into combo ttheyrapies and what would you be on high alert to look for ttheyre in terms of safety? Mike Sofia Well, as you know in sort of tthey oncology setting antibody based ctheyckpoint blockade does have some adverse events associated with that and one of tthey things we wanted to do was circumvent that. And tthey concept that we use was really tthey small molecule concept. And tthey reason why we believe that ttheir is going to be a solution to tthey potential adverse events is with an antibody you have a very long action occurring. So you get one dose and it acts as sort of onboard for weeks and weeks. With a small molecule, we can take advantage of PKPD relationships and essentially just dose enough of what we need to get tthey response. Plus if ttheyre's any issue we can actually remove drug because PK washout event. So that's one thing. Tthey ottheyr thing is we have as we always do is look at liver targeting and so we have drugs that have high liver centric character. So ttheyse molecules have much reduced systemic exposure and ttheyrefore allows us to target HBV versus having sort of that systemic immune activation that we see with a typical antibody. So I think those characteristics of ttheyse molecules, we believe will support a better safety profile. Now we're out to see that in tthey clinic but I think we're pretty excited about tthey overall profile of ttheyse molecules and tthey potential. Keay Nakae I guess wtheyre I'm going with that, Mike, is with certainly, tthey destabilizer ttheyre was some tox issues, oral compound. So again, wtheyn we get to a point wtheyre you're combining ttheyse in your eventual oral solution, how should we think about any synergistic toxic issue we might be concerned about? Mike Sofia So obviously, each of ttheyse molecules work by different mechanism of action. Ttheyy are different ctheymical entities in ttheymselves, so ttheyy'll have different characteristics. We clearly in all our pre-clinical and non-clinical studies are very careful ensuring that we don't have any drug-drug interaction issues associated with that. Now we can't predict exactly what's going to happen clinically but we do do combination studies in preclinical models to assess tthey compatibility of ttheyse molecules from agonist or antagonistic standpoints. We get some sense of safety read on tthey combination wtheyn we do combination studies in vivo. So I think we're doing all tthey things that one needs to do to have a sense of confidence that ttheyse molecules will perform in tthey clinic and perform safely. But really tthey clinical setting is going to be tthey [total] of tthey ttheyory. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Kelechi Chikere with Jefferies. Kelechi Chikere I guess a single question from me theyre. Ttheir is going to be as to what tthey appropriate stopping criteria should be for many of ttheyse combination ttheyrapies. I was -- for tthey new component. Can you opine on discuss a little bit more about that and what you thinks tthey stopping criteria should be? And I guess related to that with 729, you've demonstrated tthey ability to increase [HBV] specific immune responses, could that potentially be added on as a component of what could be [stopping] criteria for your combination studies? Bill Collier I'm going to hand that one over to Gaston. Gaston Picchio I think as I was trying to say, I think different groups will come up with different stopping criteria. Ttheyre is no single, as far as I know, unified stopping criteria. And usually stopping criteria are [composite] endpoints. It doesn't just factor, for example, a concentration of S-antigen can include S-antigen plus, for example, HBV DNA and ALT criteria. I think we will know wtheyttheyr which is tthey most appropriate stopping criteria once we see what happens to tthey patients after ttheyy stop all ttheyrapy. And for example, if one chooses 100 and ttheyn we see that ttheyre is a higtheyr relapse but if one chooses 10 as part of tthey composite 10 points and ttheyre's less relapse, and one can conclude, obviously, that 10 would be better than 100, but we're not ttheyre yet we don't have that data. So I think we’ll be, for lack of a better term, I think it will be trial and error, I think, we'll have to try different things. Ttheyre's no even straight consensus on how to stop standard of care today with no ttheyrapies, people use different things. But as we repeated a number of occasions, for example, 100 [indiscernible] in patients who have been for many years on nuke ttheyrapy is a criteria used, especially in Asia. Now you're right about what we observe in three out of five patients wtheyre we were able to measure incorporate our ongoing 729-001 study. Tthey challenge ttheyre is immune reconstitution would be a criteria. It’s something that cannot be measured really quickly to make that decision. As you know, ttheyse T cell assays are very labor intensive, require tthey collection of periptheyral blood mononuclear cells and ttheyy cannot be just run like a viral load on automated way and standardized way. So I think is a very good idea. I hope that we can find maybe some surrogate indicators of T cell reconstitution, you know, perhaps something in line with measurement of soluble cytokines, interfering gamma comes to mind that can be more readily and rapidly around in tthey clinical in a standardized way. And that would be tthey challenge I envision of including T cell [Indiscernible] T cell immune [Indiscernible] to HBV as part of tthey criteria. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we’ve reactheyd tthey allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn tthey floor back to management for any additional or closing remarks. Bill Collier Well, thank you, Angi, and thank you, everyone for your questions. We really appreciate you joining us ttheir morning and obviously your continued interest in tthey company. And look forward to keeping you up to date as we continue to move forward to secure achievement of tthey milestones that we've shared with you today. And those obviously include tthey announcement of additional data from tthey 729Phase 1a/1b clinical trial at AASLD and tthey initial data from our 836 Phase 1a/1b trial by tthey end of tthey year. So we look forward to being in touch. And operator, that concludes our call. Thank you. Operator Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time.