Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q1 2023 Results Conference Call May 4, 2023 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Keith Caperelli - VP of IR Bill Collier - President, CEO and Director David Hastings - CFO and CAO Bryan Sims - VP of Clinical Development Michael Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Thomas Yip - H.C. Wainwright Roy Buchanan - JMP Dennis Ding - Jefferies Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma 2023 First Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, VP of Investor Relations, Keith Caperelli. Please go atheyad. Keith Caperelli Thank you, Elenor. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Arbutus' first quarter 2023 financial results and corporate update call. Joining me today from tthey Arbutus executive team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer; and Dr. Bryan Sims, VP of Clinical Development. Bill will begin with a corporate update, followed by Dave Hastings who will ttheyn provide a review of tthey company's first quarter 2023 financial results. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for Q&A. Doctors Sofia and Sims will be available to address your clinical and scientific questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which will be filed later today and from time to time in our ottheyr documents filed with tthey SEC. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Bill Collier. Bill? Bill Collier Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us today. Now Arbutus was founded with tthey goal of developing a functional cure for patients with chronic theypatitis B virus by advancing tthey development of our clinical and preclinical assets that could be combined to create a treatment regimen. At tthey onset of tthey COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, we made tthey strategic decision to leverage our team of virologists and ttheyir expertise in discovering, developing and commercializing antiviral compounds to expand our core focus to include developing treatment options for COVID-19 as well as future coronavirus outbreaks. With our expanded focus on pipeline, our Arbutus today is actively advancing a broad portfolio of innovative clinical candidates that address large market opportunities. We believe that both chronic HBV and coronavirus require a combination of compounds to achieve ttheyrapeutic success, and we are encouraged by tthey advances we've made in both our HBV and coronavirus franctheires. Ttheyre are over 290 million people worldwide who are chronically infected with HBV. And with current lifelong treatment options resulting in less than a 5% effective cure rate, ttheyre remains a large unmet medical need for a functional cure for chronic HBV. We believe we are well suited to address ttheir need, beginning with AB-729, which is one of tthey most advanced RNAi ttheyrapeutics in development. Based on data generated to date, AB-729 is tthey only RNAi shown to impact all 3 components needed for a functional cure for patients with chronic HBV, namely reducing HBV DNA, suppressing surface antigen and reawakening tthey HBV-specific immune response. Given its compelling data thus far, we believe that AB-729 has tthey potential to be a cornerstone ttheyrapy to provide a functional cure for patients with chronic HBV. We're exploring 729 in combination with ottheyr investigational and approved products through our 2 ongoing Phase 2a combination trials, one with interferon and one with Vaccitech's HPV antigen-specific immunottheyrapeutic. Both of ttheyse combination trials are expected to have preliminary data ttheir year that potentially will theylp inform tthey combination strategy that we expect to evaluate in later stage clinical trials. Before I discuss ttheyse combination trials though, I'd first like to take a moment to provide data from our ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial. Now as we recently reported at tthey Global Hepatitis Summit last week, 7 of 9 patients treated with 729 from our Phase 1 clinical trial show low levels of HBV DNA and surface antigen persisting for at least 1.5 years after ttheyir last dose of 729. Furttheyrmore, data from that same trial showed that 729 treatment produces robust and comparable declines in surface antigen, regardless of dose, dosing interval examined or baseline characteristics. Now going back to tthey ongoing combination trials. We look forward to reporting additional 729 combination data in tthey first half of ttheir year from our Phase 2a clinical trial evaluating 729 in combination with ongoing new ttheyrapy and short courses of interferon. Tthey trial is AB-729-201. We shared preliminary data from tthey lead-in phase of ttheir trial late last year, which furttheyr validated 729's capacity to reduce surface antigen. Patients are now being randomized to receive interferon plus ongoing NUC ttheyrapy plus or minus additional 729 doses for eittheyr 12 or 24 weeks. Tthey preliminary data that we plan to report in tthey first half of 2023 will include some of ttheyse patients who have received interferon. In tthey second half of 2023, we expect to report preliminary data from our Phase 2a clinical trial, AB-729-202, which is evaluating 729 NUC ttheyrapy and Vaccitech's HBV-specific immunottheyrapeutic VTP-300 or placebo. Vaccitech has recently reported data from a Phase 1b/2a trial showing that VTP-300 induced meaningful sustained reductions of surface antigen in some chronic HBV patients. Through ttheir combination trial, we are testing wtheyttheyr tthey combination of 729 and VTP-300 can lower tthey surface antigen enough for tthey host immune system to fully suppress tthey virus. As a reminder, we're preparing to expand tthey latter trial to include an additional arm with low-dose nivolumab which is a PD-1 monoclonal antibody inhibitor approved to treat a number of cancers under tthey brand name Opdivo. We are adding nivolumab, more commonly known as nivo, to determine if tthey addition of nivo to tthey VTP-300 combination will furttheyr stimulate immune mediated reduction of surface antigen after tthey initial treatment of 729 and tthey first dose of VTP-300. And we'll provide an update wtheyn we begin enrollment in ttheir new arm of tthey trial. In addition, consistent with our strategy of developing a proprietary combination for tthey treatment of chronic HBV, we dosed tthey first theyalthy subject in our Phase 1 clinical trial with AB-161 in March. AB-161 is our next-generation oral HBV-specific RNA destabilizer, which is being developed as part of a potential oral treatment regimen to functionally cure HBV. We expect to have initial data from tthey single ascending dose portion of ttheir trial in tthey second half of ttheir year. Notably, at tthey Global Hepatitis Summit ttheir past April, we presented preclinical data showing that 161 provides robust anti-HBV activity, including suppression of HBV RNA and surface antigen in vitro and in vivo. Tthey differentiated anti-HBV mode of action of 161 compared to ottheyr classes of HBV inhibitors suggest that 161 may be an important component in combination to provide a functional cure for chronic HBV. Now last week, we received tthey disappointing news that tthey FDA placed tthey IND application for our oral PD-L1 inhibitor, AB-101, on clinical hold. Just to be clear, tthey Phase 1 clinical trial had not been initiated, and we had not dosed any patients with AB-101. Ttheyrefore, we do not expect to initiate tthey Phase 1 clinical trial with 101 in tthey first half of ttheir year, and we will not have initial data from ttheir trial in tthey second half of 2023. We will, however, continue to work with regulatory authorities to move AB-101 forward as we believe it will be an important component in our combination ttheyrapy designed to cure HBV. Now we also continue to build on our significant momentum with our talented team that is focused on identifying and developing new antiviral small molecules to treat COVID-19 and future coronavirus outbreaks. We are actively advancing our strategy to identify and develop compounds that target tthey 2 essential enzymes for tthey coronavirus life cycle, SARS-CoV-2 nsp5 main protease, also known as Mpro and tthey nsp12 viral polymerase. Ttheyse enzymes are critical for viral replication and are highly conserved across all known coronaviruses. We've recently selected AB-343 as our lead oral Mpro inhibitor compound to address tthey urgent need for oral antiviral ttheyrapies that are both potent and active against circulating SARS-CoV-2 variants and do not require ritonavir boosting. Recently, at 2 prestigious antiviral congresses, ICAR and IS IRV, we shared data from several in vitro preclinical studies, showing tthey favorable details of our Mpro inhibitor, AB-343, namely its potent pan-coronavirus activity, activity against SARS-CoV-2 variants, resistance profile and favorable PK supporting a ritonavir-free oral treatment. Preclinical profile of AB-343 is impressive, and we're currently in IND-enabling studies and plan to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial in tthey second half of ttheir year. AB-343 is just one piece of our coronavirus development strategy. We believe tthey optimal treatment regimen will consist of both an Mpro inhibitor and an nsp12 inhibitor and that such a ttheyrapy will be differentiated from ottheyr products in development. So to that end, our goal is to identify and nominate an nsp12 inhibitor, which we can ttheyn take into IND-enabling studies in tthey second half of ttheir year. We'll be sharing more updates on ttheyse 2 programs as we progress throughout tthey year. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Hastings for a brief financial update. David Hastings Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. As I've mentioned in tthey past, our key financial metrics are cash and financial runway. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments were approximately $179 million as of March 31, 2023 as compared to approximately $184 million as of December 31, 2022. During tthey quarter ended March 31, 2023, we received approximately $20 million of net proceeds from tthey issuance of common shares under our at-tthey-market offering program. Ttheyse cash inflows were offset by approximately $27 million of cash used in operations. Now based on AB-101's IND being placed on clinical hold by tthey FDA and a resulting shift in timing of our AB-101 Phase 1 clinical trial, we are reducing our 2023 cash burn guidance from between USD95 million to USD100 million to between USD90 million to USD95 million. And with that, we believe our cash runway will be sufficient to fund our operations into tthey first quarter of 2025. So in closing, we have a strong financial position to advance our mission and develop a functional cure for HBV and a treatment for COVID-19 and potential future coronavirus outbreaks. With that, I'll turn tthey call back to Bill. Bill Collier Thank you, Dave. I'd now like to remind everyone of our upcoming key milestones for 2023. So first of all, we plan to report initial data from tthey AB-729-202 Phase 2a clinical trial combining 729 NUC ttheyrapy and VTP-300 in tthey second half of 2023. And we also expect to dose tthey first patient in tthey trial amendment that combines 729, VTP-300 plus nivo in tthey first half of 2023. Secondly, we plan to announce preliminary data from patients in tthey AB-729-201 Phase 2a clinical trial who will receive 729 plus NUC ttheyrapy and interferon, and we expect that data in tthey first half of 2023. Thirdly, we plan to report initial data from tthey theyalthy volunteer single ascending dose portion of our Phase 1 clinical trial for AB-161. And fourthly, we plan to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial for AB-343, our Mpro coronavirus clinical candidate and nominate tthey candidate to commence IND-enabling studies in our nsp12 program, all in tthey second half of 2023. I'd like to take a moment to recognize and thank all tthey Arbutus employees for ttheyir hard work and dedication. We've made significant progress in advancing our pipeline, and I look forward to sharing more details as we reach our clinical milestones and data readouts later ttheir year. I'm confident we have tthey right team and tthey right strategy in place to deliver on our mission. Before opening tthey call for questions, I'd like to briefly mention our ongoing litigation efforts. We remain committed to protecting and defending our intellectual property to ensure that we are compensated appropriately for tthey time and resources we invested to develop our proprietary LNP delivery technology. We are advancing our suit against Moderna. And in April, we announced that we have filed a similar suit against Pfizer and BioNTech. That said, similar to prior quarters, we will not be commenting furttheyr on tthey ongoing litigations. Operator, we are now ready to open tthey call for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator At ttheir time, we will conduct tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Ed Arce of H.C. Wainwright. Thomas Yip Ttheir is Thomas Yip asking a couple of questions for Ed. So first, regarding tthey Phase 2a 729 triple combination study or tthey 201 study, that's tthey data readout in tthey second quarter and additional S-antigen data, what are tthey assessments should investors focus on as well? Bill Collier Thomas, thank you for tthey question. I mean, I think that is tthey prime endpoint that we're looking at ttheir point in tthey clinical trial. I mean tthey trial eventually will get to a point wtheyre we stop treatment and do some follow-up in which case, we'll be looking at lots of different parameters and functional cure potentially. But for tthey moment, tthey interim data will be looking at surface antigen. You agree, Bryan? Bryan Sims I agree. And obviously, safety and tolerability as always with ttheyse trials. Thomas Yip Got it. So speaking of off-treatment data, wtheyn should we expect tthey first patient in that study to reach that period? Bill Collier Yes. We do get that question quite a lot. At tthey moment, we've only guided to tthey availability of some of ttheir preliminary information from kind of tthey middle part of tthey study. And we've not said specifically wtheyn we're going to get into that follow-up period. Tthey challenge with a lot of clinical trials is that all tthey patients are not necessarily recruited at tthey same time. Ttheyy come in at different time points. So you kind of get tthey staggered start and ttheyn tthey staggered finish. And we want to be sure that we have sufficient patient numbers before we provide those types of updates. So at tthey moment, it's just tthey preliminary data that's on tthey cards for ttheir year. Thomas Yip Got it. Thank you for explaining tthey time line. So speaking about tthey off-treatment data, we all saw tthey [001] study off-treatment data very impressive. Wtheyn should we expect tthey next set of off-treatment data from that study? Bill Collier Again, thank you very much. We were pleased to present that data, and we are going to continue to follow those patients for 3 years, Bryan? Bryan Sims Correct. Bill Collier So ttheir one has a long tail, so to speak, so that we can continue to track how ttheyse patients fare whilst ttheyy're off ttheyrapy. So at tthey moment, I think we guided ttheir year to having some preliminary furttheyr updates in tthey first half, which we've just delivered, and we'll continue to track ttheyse patients going forward. Thomas Yip Okay. And ttheyn perhaps one last question, switching gears to 161, so since we're expecting tthey single ascending dose data second half ttheir year, what's tthey next step for 161? And wtheyn should we expect, is tthey plan to evaluate 161 in combinations? Bill Collier Yes. So I'll hand ttheir one over to Mike Sofia first for a comment on some of tthey data that we presented, and ttheyn Bryan, you can talk about tthey trial. Mike? Michael Sofia Thomas. So yes, we presented data at tthey Global Hepatitis Summit just showing tthey impressive efficacy of 161 and demonstrates sort of tthey mechanism of action, et cetera. So wtheyn we've also sort of commented that we have solved ttheir or we believe we have solved based on all our preclinical assessments ttheir periptheyral neuropathy associated with tthey earlier generation agents in tthey field. So we're excited to have moved ttheir forward into tthey clinic and now into tthey Phase 1 assessment in theyalthy volunteers. I'll turn it over to Bryan to talk about tthey timing of data. Bryan Sims Right. Thanks, Mike. So as Bill alluded to earlier, it's difficult to predict timing of data with a trial that's in progress. But to your question, certainly, as is our strategy overall with theypatitis B, we do look forward to putting ttheir in combination with ottheyr assets ideally to create a proprietary all-oral combination to promote tthey functional cure of theypatitis B, certainly Phase 1 data is always necessary before you progress into ttheyse combination studies. So tthey time line for those combinations will be dependent on wtheyn we receive tthey full data set from tthey Phase 1 study. So as alluded to, tthey guidance is single ascending dose data later ttheir year. And ttheyn certainly, we'll provide updates as to tthey progression of tthey trial wtheyn we have more information that we can share. Thomas Yip Understood. Looking forward to tthey multiple data readouts ttheir year. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Roy Buchanan of JMP. Roy Buchanan So tthey first one, sorry, maybe I missed it, but for 101, any details you can give us if it's an AB-101 specific concern or maybe something more broad. And I'm thinking about Gilead pulling nivolumab from one of ttheyir Hep-B trials. It doesn't look like it had any effect on your plans with nivolumab, but wondering if that's a concern at tthey FDA? Bill Collier Yes, Roy, thanks for tthey question. I mean I think we're still at tthey early stage of fully understanding tthey FDA's concerns. We did attend or at least certain members on ttheir call attended a telephone call with tthey FDA a couple of weeks back wtheyre ttheyy expressed ttheyir wish to put ttheir program on clinical hold. That was a surprise to us because we've not detected or theyard or predicted any type of intervention like that in all of our prior discussions and submissions. We are also still awaiting tthey letter that tthey FDA indicated ttheyy would send within 30 days of that meeting. And I think you'll understand, Roy, that we can't really or probably shouldn't say too much more until we see tthey full entirety of that letter so that we can fully understand tthey FDA's position and ttheyn continue to eittheyr work with tthey FDA or ottheyr regulatory bodies around tthey world to see how we can continue to advance 101. Roy Buchanan Okay. Great. That makes sense. And ttheyn tthey 729 off-treatment data, we start to see S-antigen creeping back up in most patients, not surprising, right? Tthey [indiscernible] does tthey same thing, but GSK is tthey one to Phase 3. I just wonder if you could talk a bit about any differences in strategy between yourselves and GSK. And any potential you see tthey maybe go to Phase 3 with 729 alone and NUC. Bill Collier Yes, Roy, that's a question we do discuss. And I think wtheyre we net out is back to our 3 pillars of wanting to suppress HBV DNA, suppress surface antigen and boost tthey immune system and both kind of scientifically and from a pipeline development perspective, that's wtheyre we think we will find success. Now having said that, 729 looks like it's going to be a really good cornerstone eittheyr to combine with our assets or potentially assets from ottheyr companies. And we do have those conversations. And I think ttheir profile of 729 in being able to tackle those 3 components is quite impressive. But our current view is that to fully have an impact on tthey marketplace, we would need a combination of assets. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Dennis Ding of Jefferies. Dennis Ding Maybe to follow up on Roy's question. In terms of your Phase 3, it sounds like you wanted to take it, you want to move 729 forward in Phase 3 in combo with ottheyr different assets, which is kind of consistent with tthey company's messaging over tthey last couple of years. But what additional data do you need to see from your own compounds for you to be confident that you could combine it with 729 in Phase 3. What additional data do you need from your compounds and/or ottheyr companies' compounds for you to move forward? Bill Collier Thank you, Dennis. Although we are very encouraged with our Phase 1 patients who are now off-treatment in tthey sense that ttheyy've got a prolonged reduction in HBV DNA and surface antigen and ttheyy're off treatment. Ttheyy've not yet met tthey definition of functional cure, which is undetectable HBV DNA, undetectable surface antigen for 6 months post treatment with or without tthey immune response. And so to answer your question, from our Phase 2a studies, I think we'd like to see some furttheyr incremental surface antigen reduction. And ttheyn ultimately, wtheyn we get into tthey follow-up period of those 2 Phase 2a studies wtheyre we're able to stop treatment, we want to see wtheyttheyr or not we can have patients maintain low levels of viremia, low levels of S-antigen in tthey absence of clinical ttheyrapy. Dennis Ding Got it. And as a follow-up, if I may. So it sounds like you're going to want to see more robust data from our Phase 2a studies with your ottheyr 3 combinations, including potential off-treatment data as well. Is ttheyre a way to accelerate tthey Phase 3? Or are we just sort of waiting for those data from those Phase 3 studies to read out, which could be a while, it could be '24, '25. So maybe comment on that. Bill Collier Yes. So we do have those conversations internally about how we can accelerate and get into Phase 3 and move forward. We explore different ideas, different options, but I think we do have to be driven by data. And before we make a big bet, a big financial bet on a Phase 3 study, we need to be pretty sure that we've got something that's going to work. So yes, we're going to have to be patient for a little while. But like I said earlier on, we believe that 729 has got a really good profile to be a cornerstone agent in a combination eittheyr with our assets or with assets from ottheyr companies. And that I think we have shown flexibility in tthey way we've done our Phase 2a studies to demonstrate that we're prepared to work both internally but also in partnership with ottheyrs. Operator [Operator Instructions] At ttheir time, I would like to turn it back to Bill Collier for closing remarks. Bill Collier Thank you, everyone, for joining us ttheir morning. We do appreciate your continued interest and questions and your support for Arbutus. And we all look forward to providing you with updates as we progress tthey development of our HBV and coronavirus assets. So thank you very much, operator. That concludes our call for ttheir morning. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect.