Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 4, 2022 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Christoptheyr Caperelli - Vice President of Investor Relations Bill Collier - President & Chief Executive Officer David Hastings - Chief Financial Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Roy Buchanan - JMP Securities Dennis Ding - Jefferies Brian Skorney - Baird Keay Nakae - Chardan Thomas Yip - H.C. Wainwright Operator Good morning. My name is Abby and I will be your conference operator today. At ttheir time, I would like to welcome everyone to tthey Arbutus Biopharma 2022 Second Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After tthey speakers' remarks, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Christoptheyr Caperelli, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.  Christoptheyr Caperelli Thank you, Abby. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2022 financial results and corporate update call. Joining me today from tthey Arbutus executive team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with a corporate update, followed by Dave Hastings who will provide a review of tthey company's second quarter 2022 financial results. After opening remarks, we will open tthey call up for Q&A. Gaston Picchio and Mike Sofia will be available to address clinical and development-related questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent annual report on 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Q to be filed later today and from time to time in our ottheyr documents filed with tthey SEC. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bill Collier. Bill? Bill Collier Thank you, Christoptheyr, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your continued interest and support for Arbutus Biopharma. Now with tthey first half of ttheir year behind us, we've made significant progress in advancing our preclinical and clinical programs in support of our mission to develop a functional cure for theypatitis B virus and to treat COVID-19 and future coronavirus outbreaks. Furttheyrmore, we are on track to deliver on multiple key milestones across ttheyse programs in tthey remainder of ttheir year. And equally important in ttheir volatile capital markets environment, we're well positioned financially to fund our current programs and provide runway into tthey second quarter of 2024. Now, Dave will discuss tthey financial aspects during tthey financial position summary shortly. Now, we are making excellent progress with our two key HBV preclinical programs that's AB-101 our oral PD-L1 inhibitor and AB-161 our oral RNA destabilizer. Now, rattheyr than elaborate on ttheyse programs theyre, I'll refer you to today's press release for those updates and use tthey time on ttheir call to briefly highlight tthey rattheyr impressive data on our lead HBV clinical asset AB-729 that's our RNAi ttheyrapeutic. Ttheir data was reported last month at tthey EASL International Liver Congress. Now, as you know, patients with chronic HBV infection receive NUC ttheyrapy as standard of care. And while that ttheyrapy is generally safe and effective at reducing viral load, less than 5% of patients are functionally cured and usually only after many, many years of ttheyrapy. In our clinical trial, AB-729-001 we wanted to see how treatment with various doses and dosing sctheydules of our RNAi ttheyrapeutic in addition to NUC ttheyrapy was handled by patients with chronic HBV, who had different baseline characteristics. If patients met certain predefined criteria and consented, we discontinued first ttheyir treatment with AB-729 and later ttheyir lifelong standard-of-care NUC ttheyrapy to see if ttheyir undetectable HBV DNA status was maintained and if ttheyir S-antigen reduction was sustained which could be a sign of virologic control and potential subsequent functional cure. Now three major findings were disclosed from ttheir clinical trial at tthey EASL conference. First of all, we saw a robust reduction in surface antigen between 1.8 to 2.1 log reduction and that was with 48 weeks of treatment and tthey reduction occurred regardless of dose, dosing sctheydule or baseline characteristics. Second, in addition to tthey meaningful and consistent surface antigen decline, we saw an increase in HBV-specific T-cells and a decrease in exhausted T-cells in patients treated with 729. And third and what we believe to be of significant importance wtheyn we stopped treatment with AB-729 and stopped NUC ttheyrapy in tthey first five eligible patients that consented ttheyir surface antigen and ttheyir HBV DNA responses were sustained at low levels, while ttheyy were off treatment for at least 8 weeks to 24 weeks. Now in addition none of ttheyse patients showed evidence of virologic nor clinical relapse and so ttheyy did not need to restart ttheyir NUC ttheyrapy. We believe ttheir data is most impressive as it shows that we were able to take patients off of ttheyir lifelong treatment of standard-of-care NUC ttheyrapies and still maintain reduced surface antigen and reduced HBV DNA, a potential early indicator of functional cure. We are continuing to follow ttheyse patients as well as ottheyr patients that have consented to stop all ttheyrapy and we anticipate reporting more data in tthey second half of ttheir year. Now, 729 is one of tthey most advanced RNAi ttheyrapeutics for HBV. And based on tthey availability of public data it's differentiated from ottheyr RNAis based on its more convenient dosing sctheydule and immune activation capacity. We're also encouraged by tthey safety that we see in ttheir and ottheyr ongoing trials. And it's for ttheyse reasons that we continue to view AB-729 as a cornerstone agent in a potential curative combination treatment for chronic HBV eittheyr with our own proprietary compounds or with those in development by ottheyr companies or with ttheyrapies that are already approved for tthey treatment of HBV. Now also at EASL, we along with many of our peer companies reported data on tthey use of capsid inhibitors alone or in combination in tthey HBV treatment regimen. And while much of ttheir data is early and inconclusive, our strategy is as follows. First of all, based on data from our ongoing Phase Ia/Ib trial some of which was presented at EASL, we're planning to conduct a longer duration Phase I study in theyalthy volunteers with our oral capsid inhibitor AB-836. As you will recall, we reported that 836 showed robust antiviral activity with greater than 3.5 log reduction in HBV DNA. Along with ttheir impressive efficacy, however we saw an increase in ALTs in some patients on tthey last day of treatment. And so, tthey goal of tthey longer-duration theyalthy volunteer study is to furttheyr characterize tthey safety of 836 by determining wtheyttheyr tthey ALT flares, we saw were beneficial or not before resuming dosing in HBV patients.  Second part of our strategy is that we are continuing in collaboration with Assembly, tthey Phase IIa proof-of-concept clinical trial, evaluating tthey triple combination of 729 and Assembly's core inhibitor vebicorvir and NUC ttheyrapy even though Assembly has announced its plans to discontinue tthey development of vebicorvir.  At Arbutus, we believe it's important to continue tthey conduct of ttheir trial in order to fully and accurately assess tthey results. By continuing ttheir Phase II triple combination trial and also evaluating AB-836 in theyalthy volunteers in our Phase I study, we believe we will obtain data that will inform our use of capsids in a go-forward combination strategy in tthey development of chronic HBV treatments, as well as theylp to address open questions in tthey field. Now finally, we were gratified to see positive topline results announced by Alnylam for tthey Phase III study of ONPATTRO in patients with ATTR amyloidosis with cardiomyopathy. As you may recall, we're entitled to tiered royalty payments on global net sales of ONPATTRO ranging from 1% to 2.33% after offsets with tthey higtheyst tier applicable to annual net sales above $500 million. Now ttheir royalty interest was sold to OMERS effective as of January 1, 2019 for $20 million in gross proceeds before advisory fees. And OMERS will retain ttheir entitlement until ttheyy have received $30 million in royalties at which point 100% of tthey royalty interest on future global net sales of ONPATTRO which could include additional sales for tthey expanded indication if it's approved will revert back to Arbutus. Now to date, OMERS has received approximately $14 million. In addition, we retained a second lower royalty interest ranging from 0.75% to 1.125% on global net sales of ONPATTRO with tthey 0.75% applying to sales greater than $500 million and that royalty stream was not part of tthey OMERS transaction.  So as I wrap up my opening remarks ttheir morning, I'd like to remind you of tthey key milestones we anticipate in tthey second half of ttheir year. Ttheyre are four: first, AB-729 follow-up data which could include long-term on and off-treatment data from our Phase Ia/Ib clinical trial.  second initial data from both tthey Phase IIa combination trial of 729 interferon and NUC ttheyrapy and tthey triple combination trial with Assembly's vebicorvir; third, we expect to complete tthey IND-enabling studies for both AB-101, our oral PD-L1 inhibitor and AB-161 our oral RNA destabilizer; and fourthly, we expect to advance into IND-enabling studies, a clinical candidate that inhibits tthey SARS-CoV-2 nsp5 main protease. I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Hastings, for a brief financial update. Over to you, Dave.  David Hastings Well, thanks, Bill and good morning everybody. As I've mentioned, in tthey past our key financial metrics are cash and financial runway. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments were approximately $201 million as of June 30 2022, as compared to approximately $191 million as of December 31 2021. Now during tthey six months ended June 30 2022, tthey company received a $40 million upfront payment from Qilu Pharmaceutical Company, related to a technology transfer and license agreement for AB-729 in Greater China; $15 million of gross proceeds from Qilu's equity investment in tthey company; and $300,000 of net proceeds from tthey issuance of common shares under Arbutus's at-tthey-market offering program. Ttheyse cash inflows were partially offset by approximately $44 million of cash used in operations. Now we still expect a net cash burn of between $90 million to $95 million in 2022, not including tthey $55 million of proceeds received from Qilu. And we believe our cash runway, will be sufficient to fund operations into tthey second quarter of 2024. So in closing, we are well positioned financially, to advance our mission to develop a functional cure for HBV and a treatment for COVID-19 and potential future coronavirus outbreaks. With that, I will turn tthey call back to Bill.  Bill Collier Thanks very much, Dave. And our operator, Abby, perhaps you could theylp us now open up tthey lines for our question-and-answer session.  Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from tthey line of Roy Buchanan from JMP Securities. Your line is open.  Bill Collier Good morning, Roy. Q – Roy Buchanan So tthey Phase I in theyalthy volunteers, that you're planning to study, do you need to or will you talk to tthey FDA in advance of starting that trial? Did you inform tthey agency of tthey recent results on tthey CHP patients? And did ttheyy have any feedback?  Bill Collier Good questions. Thank you, Roy. Gaston is on tthey line with us ttheir morning. So Gaston perhaps you'd like to answer that question.  Gaston Picchio Hi, Roy. Good morning. Sure. No we haven't talked to tthey FDA about ttheir study. I'll remind everyone, that 836 does not have an IND with tthey FDA, so it was not necessary. Actually, ttheir is going to be done through an amendment to tthey existing study Phase Ia/Ib study that we're conducting.  Q – Roy Buchanan Okay. Great. That makes sense. And ttheyn for 729 tthey triple combo Phase II interferon and vebicorvir later ttheir year, can you just theylp us understand tthey key data points we should be looking for and which results from those trials are you going to view as a success? Thanks. Bill Collier Yes. Thanks, Roy. I mean, what we've said is it's going to be initial data, from those two studies. So I think that's important, just to set expectations. Gaston, is ttheyre anything else you'd like to add?  Gaston Picchio No. I think that really summarizes it. Roy Buchanan Okay. I’ll jump back in queue. Thanks. Bill Collier Thanks, Roy. Operator Your next question comes from tthey line of Dennis Ding from Jefferies. Your line is open. Dennis Ding Hi, good morning. Bill Collier Good morning. Dennis Ding Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking tthey questions. Two for me. Can you please remind us again your licensing agreement with Alnylam around Patisiran? I think consensus is modeling about US$1 billion in peak sales for Alnylam's ONPATTRO. And based on some of your commentary, it seems like you'd be getting a 2% to 3% net royalty. So ttheir could potentially be a US$20 million to US$30 million annual royalty at peak. So can you confirm if that math is roughly in line with how you guys are thinking about it? And ttheyn my second question is around theypatitis B. Assembly discontinued tthey vebicorvir because ttheyre wasn't really meaningful efficacy delta versus tthey doublet. So can you go into a little bit more detail ttheyre and your decision to keep tthey trial going? And perhaps how should ttheir read through to your peginterferon study? Thank you. Bill Collier Yes. Thank you, Dennis, great questions. I'll let Dave comment in a moment on tthey mechanics of tthey license agreement. What we are trying to do is make clear tthey specific percentages in our licensing agreements and also as I summarized ttheir morning tthey details of tthey sale of that royalty stream, tthey first royalty stream to OMERS and wtheyn it reverts back to us. We're not making any projections about what Alnylam sales might be or could be. I think that is something that we would refer you back to Alnylam for in terms of what those sales expectations are. But we are being very clear ttheir morning in what our percentages are and how those royalty streams work. So Dave, anything else you want to add before I turn to tthey ottheyr theyp B question?  David Hastings No, no, Dennis's math is correct. Once tthey royalty reverts back to us after OMERS receives US$30 million.  Bill Collier Thank you. And just remember ttheyre are tthey two royalty streams tthey one that we sold to OMERS and ttheyn ttheyre's tthey second one which is a slightly lower rate. Your question around tthey Phase IIa studies, I'm not going to comment on anything that Assembly has or hasn't said about vebicorvir. Our view at Arbutus is it's important once you've started a clinical trial to finish tthey clinical trial. Wtheyn you get to tthey end of tthey study, that's tthey best opportunity to make an assessment of tthey actual results. So that's what we included in our press release back ttheyn that tthey study continues with tthey collaboration – and exactly tthey same way in which it was originally set up. And we look forward to presenting those results wtheyn it comes through. So I don't know that we can project anything eittheyr about tthey study or what it means for our own interferon study. But I'll hand it over to Gaston to see if ttheyre's any additional comments you want to make Gaston.  Gaston Picchio Yes. Thank you. No, I'll just make one comment which is I think ttheyre's basically three types of data in clinical studies related to HBV ttheyse days; one is on-treatment response; tthey ottheyr one is end of ttheyrapy; and tthey ottheyr one is tthey follow-up. So, as Bill was explaining, we think it's important that we get to tthey end of tthey study. And once at tthey end of tthey study, we'll refer to even tthey follow-up period. And I think we can make a good case for that based on our own 729-001 Phase Ia/Ib study wtheyre I think we're starting to appreciate really tthey value of 729 after we discontinued patients. And if you look at tthey on-treatment data in that study as many people have pointed out, tthey s antigen declines are very comparable across some of tthey ottheyr molecules in tthey field. However, wtheyn it comes to tthey discontinuation data, we're seeing really 729 performing very well, albeit tthey data is still limited and tthey follow-up hasn't been extensive. But I'll just remind everyone that we don't stop patients as ttheyy have been stopping ottheyr studies such as in tthey Janssen one wtheyre ttheyy stopped tthey two drugs at tthey same time. We stopped first 729 ttheyn we waited six months and ttheyn we stopped tthey NUC. So, wtheyn we say for example in our follow-up 24 weeks after discontinuing tthey NUC, it's really 48 weeks almost a year after discontinuing 729 and still tthey DNA and s antigen is holding. So, going back to your question what I'm trying to say theyre is that I think ttheyre's ways of evaluating tthey efficacy in a study. One aspect is on treatment tthey ottheyr one is what happens at tthey very end of ttheyrapy tthey week 48, and tthey ottheyr one is tthey follow-up. So, I think we need to wait for tthey end of tthey study.  Dennis Ding Got it. Thank you guys. Operator Your next question comes from Brian Skorney from Baird. Your line is open. Brian Skorney Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess to start I have a question on conceptually tthey oral PD-L1 program. I know ttheyre are a range of commercial PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors available that are ttheyrapeutic antibodies. Just wondering your thoughts on exploring proof-of-concept studies with any of those to evaluate 729 plus PD-L1 as a mechanism before progressing on oral PD-L1 inhibitors to get a feel of what tthey combination could yield? And ttheyn also on tthey ONPATTRO questions, I was just wondering if you could review with us what tthey duration of tthey IP around tthey LNPs and tthey deal with Alnylam is. Do tthey royalties last as long as ONPATTRO is exclusive, or is ttheyre a specific IP expiration date wtheyn that royalty payment stops? Thanks. Bill Collier All right. Thanks Brian. So, I'll get Mike Sofia and Gaston just to comment on PD-L1 and wtheyttheyr or not we can do it for like a precursor study with a commercially available PD-L1. But I think tthey point I'd make before we get into that is what we're aiming for theyre is PD-L1 which is HBV specific which is oral and ttheyrefore which might potentially be efficacious without some of tthey systemic side effects that you get from some of tthey ottheyrs. So, with that maybe Mike Sofia first and ttheyn Gaston. Are you ttheyre Mike? I think they might be on mute. Mike Sofia Can you theyar me? Bill Collier Yes, go atheyad. Mike Sofia Yes. So for tthey PD-1 PD-L1 access I think ttheyre's clearly mounting evidence supporting tthey role of ctheyckpoint access in HBV right? I think you had that early Gilead study that was tantalizing about tthey role of tthey ctheyckpoint access PD-1 and PD-L1 and showing one functional cure in a number of s antigen reductions in patients and ttheyn more recently you see tthey Ascletis study wtheyre ttheyy took a ctheyckpoint blockade agent and again showed some very interesting and tantalizing data ttheyre. So, I think ttheyre's clearly mounting evidence to support that ttheir access is going to be important in immune -- or is important in immune control for theypatitis B. As far as why we're doing small molecules clearly as Bill mentioned is severalfold, right? We have a belief that we're going to be able to target tthey liver and ttheyrefore reduce potential systemic activation of that ctheyckpoint access because of tthey concerns of tthey on-target safety issues that one always sees in tthey oncology space. And so we believe that we're going to be able to circumvent those concerns and those issues with tthey approach that we're taking in a small molecule. And preclinically we've also reported on and have more studies that we will report on in tthey future that clearly support tthey combination of an RNAi plus a ctheyckpoint blockade at immune activation and reduction in antigen load. So, ttheyre's substantial evidence to support I think tthey approach that we're taking. As far as a proof-of-concept study we've been discussing that potential internally haven't really decided on wtheyttheyr a strategy of -- that would include an existing ctheyckpoint blockade agent with 729 would provide tthey -- and tthey timing of it would provide substantial data to theylp us furttheyr develop our current agent going forward. Bill Collier Thank you, Mike. Gaston, anything you want to add?  Gaston Picchio No, nothing from my end. Thank you. Bill Collier Okay. Thank you. Now on your second question around tthey duration of tthey patent on ONPATTRO and wtheyttheyr or not tthey royalties extend beyond expiry dates I don't immediately have an answer to that question unless Dave does. I think we may have to get back to you on that one Brian. Dave?  David Hastings No, I don't have any clarification but it's a typical agreement that would run through tthey patent life. But we'll confirm that with you Brian.  Brian Skorney Thanks. Operator Your next question comes from Keay Nakae from Chardan. Your line is open. Keay Nakae Yes. Thank you. A question about 729 wtheyn you provide us tthey next data update can you tell us how many patients that you're following who've stopped AB-729 and stop NUCs that you might report on in tthey next data update? Bill Collier Right. So we have five so far which is what we've spoken about and ttheyre are more that have consented. I don't know that we have revealed tthey exact number. Gaston, you can add?  Gaston Picchio Yes. I can add a little bit more color ttheyre. If you look at tthey poster from EASL, tthey discontinuation poster ttheir year you may see -- and we actually purposely included those subjects ttheyre. So we reported on tthey five for which we had follow-up after discontinuing tthey NUC at minimum eight weeks as much as 24 weeks. But we also included four additional subjects who had discontinued, but we didn't have meaningful follow-up what we consider – sorry, meaningful follow-up which will be more than eight weeks. So for sure those additional four subjects will be included in tthey next update. So at tthey minimum ttheyre will be a follow-up on nine subjects.  Q –  Okay. And ttheyre are some ottheyrs beyond that who haven't -- aren't that far along? Gaston Picchio Yes. I can't comment about ottheyrs at ttheir point in time. But for sure we will have nine.  Q –  Okay. And ttheyn just back to tthey combo study with interferon, I know you're saying initial data, but what might that consist of?  Gaston Picchio So that will consist on-treatment data basically. That's all we can say. It will be on-treatment data preliminary on-treatment data. Q –  Okay. That’s all I had. Thanks.  Gaston Picchio Thank you, Keay. Operator Your next question is from Ed Arce from H.C. Wainwright. Your line is open. Thomas Yip Hi. Good morning, everyone. It's Thomas Yip asking a couple questions for Ed. Thank you for taking my questions. So first echoing 729 theyre. We've seen a substantial amount of data at EASL and expecting a few more off-NUC treatment theyre and ttheyn with tthey combination study data in tthey second half. At which point should we expect tthey next company sponsored trial to begin and what that'd look like?  Bill Collier Sorry, Thomas you broke up ttheyre a little bit just at tthey end. I didn't catch tthey full question, sorry.  Thomas Yip Thank you. So tthey last part of my question is what would tthey next major company-sponsored study look like considering tthey Phase IIa looks like is near completion and data has been positive so far.  Bill Collier I see. I got you. All right. Well look, we've made no secret of tthey fact that it's our ambition to combine 729 with ottheyr agents. We would like that to be our own proprietary agents wtheyttheyr it's our capsid inhibitor potentially our destabilizer or our PD-L1 with tthey overall strategy being to suppress HBV DNA reduce surface antigen and boost tthey immune system. But I think we've also shown with our creative 2A combination strategies that were open to appropriate combination programs with ottheyr companies' assets as we move forward. It is still our belief and I'll let Mike and Gaston comment on ttheir in a moment that we will need combination ttheyrapies for HBV with tthey continued goal of suppressing HBV DNA, surface antigen and ttheyn ultimately boosting tthey immune system. So tthey exact combination study, I don't know that we can specify it right now but we do see 729 being a cornerstone agent in that particular ttheyrapy going forward. So Mike or Gaston, anything you'd like to add? Maybe Mike first. Mike Sofia Not for me, Bill. Bill Collier Okay. Gaston? Gaston Picchio No, nothing from me. Thanks. I think you summarized it well. I think we need to wait to see a little bit what -- how tthey Phase IIa studies evolve. Bill Collier All right. Do you have any ottheyr questions? Ed Arce Yes. Just one more from us and as you pointed out a combination, obviously, 836 core inhibitor is anottheyr key component ttheyre. And so as we anticipate tthey Phase I theyalthy volunteers study to ottheyr than ALT, can you highlight some ottheyr design elements what else will you be looking at? Bill Collier Okay. So Gaston, do you want to take that one? So in theyalthy volunteers remember so ttheyre's no HBV parameters to look at. Gaston? Gaston Picchio Yeah, I couldn't really -- ttheyre's a little echo ttheyre. But -- so was tthey question wtheyttheyr we will be evaluating ottheyr biomarkers? As Bill pointed out ttheir is in theyalthy volunteer, so it's primarily safety that we're going to be evaluating in tthey theyalthy volunteer subjects. Ttheyre will be no HBV biomarkers. Was that tthey question? Ed Arce Yeah. That's pretty much ottheyr than ALT what else you'll be able to generate and manage to point out safety. Okay. Thank you very much for taking questions, and we're looking forward to tthey data readouts in tthey second half. Bill Collier Thank you. Operator Ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would like to turn tthey call back over to tthey presenters. Bill Collier Thank you very much Abby. And thank you all for your questions. Thanks for joining us ttheir morning. We do really appreciate your interest -- continued interest in Arbutus and look forward to sharing additional updates on both our HBV and coronavirus assets in tthey second half of ttheir year. So thank you very much. That concludes our call for ttheir morning. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.