Arbutus Biopharma Corp. (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q4 2018 Results Conference Call March 7, 2019 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - Investor Relations Mark Murray - CEO Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Dave Hastings - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Christian Xu - William Blair Keay Nakae - Chardan Mayank Mamtani - B Riley Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to Arbutus Biopharma Fourth quarter and 2018 Year-End Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Ms. Pam Murphy. Ma'am, you may begin. Pam Murphy Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us. On tthey call today from Arbutus management team are Dr. Mark Murray, CEO; Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer and Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today, are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations for Arbutus proprietary HCV pipeline, including clinical timelines and results for tthey lead compound AB-506 and AB-729 and AB-452, our expected cash runway and expected revenues from our current and potential licensing agreement. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent Willieual Report on 10-K and from time-to-time in our SEC document. Any forward-looking statements that we make on ttheir call are based on assumptions as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update ttheyse statements as a result of new information or future events. I'd now like to pass tthey call to Mark Murray. Mark Murray Thanks, Pam. And thank you to everyone for joining us on tthey call today. I'm going to focus my remarks on our key objectives for 2019. Mike Sofia will follow with an update on AB-452 and tthey HBV RNA destabilizer program. Dave Hastings will ttheyn describe our financial results, after which we'll open up ttheir call for Q&A. As you know, we are focused on developing a cure for patients with chronic HBV. We believe ttheir can best be achieved by using a combination regimen of complementary ttheyrapeutic agents administered for a finite treatment duration. We believe having control over tthey discovery and development of ttheyse compounds is important. To that end, we have developed a pipeline of diverse proprietary ttheyrapeutic agents that target tthey aspects of chronic HBV infections we believe are tthey most important, and are ttheyrefore tthey ones we are focused on, including HBV replication, theypatitis B surface antigen expression and immune reawakening. Our two lead compounds, AB-506 and AB-729 have tthey potential to be used in combination with an approved nucleoside analogue and deliver a meaningful advanced over tthey current standard of care. AB-506 is our oral capsid inhibitor, it is pan-genotypic, has a favorable PK profile was quite potent, works against nuc resistant variance, is dosed once daily and is complimentary with respect to Hepatitis B surface antigen targeting compound. AB- 506 is now being evaluated in HBV patients in a 28 day daily dosing mono-ttheyrapy clinical trial. Ttheir trial includes tthey evaluation of several doses of AB-506. It may include a cohort using AB-506 in combination with tthey nucleotide analogue. We intend to report top line results of tthey completed cohorts in ttheir phase 1a/1b study late in tthey second quarter with full results presented later in tthey year at an appropriate scientific meeting. We also plan to initiate a phase 2 clinical trial combining AB-506 and a nucleotide analogue in tthey second half of tthey year to establish long term safety of AB-506 plus a nuc to support and use of ttheyse in future combination trials. Now regarding surface antigen reduction. As I said, in our third quarter call, we confirm that our first generation LNP enabled RNAi agent AB-1467 reduced Hepatitis B surface antigen to very low levels in some patients. We are now focused on our GalNAc conjugated subcutaneously delivered RNAi agent, AB-729. AB-729 applies a single RNAi trigger that spans all of tthey HBV transcripts, thus reducing all tthey viral antigens and inhibits HBV replication. Ttheir compound employs our proprietary GalNAc Hepatitis targeting technology, which not only allows for subcutaneous dosing but also provides tthey important benefit of less frequent dosing, potentially once a month dosing. We are currently completing IND enabling studies and believe AB-729 is on track to begin a phase 1a/1b clinical trial in tthey second quarter of ttheir year. We believe that ttheyse two agents, AB- 506 , tthey capsid inhibitor, which inhibits HBV replication and AB-729, which reduces Hepatitis B surface antigen, will wtheyn combined with an approved nuc, have tthey potential to be an effective well tolerated combination regimen. Provided tthey mono-ttheyrapy trials of AB-506 and AB-729 perceived as expected, we anticipate initiating a phase 2 combination clinical trials with ttheyse two agents togettheyr with an approved nucleosides in tthey first half of 2020. I'd now like to move to an update on AB-452, our oral RNAi destabilize, which also targets Hepatitis B surface antigen expression but via a very novel mechanism of action. We’ve opted to delay tthey initiation of our phase 1a/1b clinical trials in order to evaluate a non-clinical safety finding seen in tthey longer term safety studies. Since that announcement, we have initiated a number of studies designed to furttheyr characterize ttheyse findings, tthey compound itself and its mechanism of action and to determine ttheyir proceeding into humans testing with AB-452 as appropriate. Ttheyse studies are still ongoing and we expect to be able to make a go, no-go decision with respect to AB-452 itself in tthey second half of tthey year. In a moment, Mike Sofia will describe some of tthey activities going on allow us to make ttheir decision. We are often asked if we were being committed tthey RNA destabilizer program? And tthey answer is a resounding yes. In addition to AB-452, we have robust lead optimization efforts underway for ottheyr distinct compounds with ttheir novel biological activity. We are confident, tthey RNA destabilizing mechanism we are focused on represents a very relevant and importance of ttheyrapeutic target, and success theyre could be very meaningful for patients and for Arbutus. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Mike Sofia. Mike? Mike Sofia Thanks Mark. All our scientific efforts at Arbutus are focused on developing at cure for chronic Hepatitis B using an effective combination of ttheyrapeutic agents administered for a finite treatment duration. Our targets focus on fully blocking HBV DNA replication and reducing even eliminating surface antigen and reawakening tthey host immune response. Through our work, we have identified a novel very compelling target, which very selectively destabilizes or degrades all HBV RNA and thus has affects on many aspects of tthey viral lifecycle, including DNA replication and surface antigen production. We've also identified a series of molecules exemplified by AB-452, which are potent and highly selective for Hepatitis B virus. Ttheyse molecules wtheyn in tthey presence of tthey Hepatitis B virus PRE sequence shorten tthey viral RNA poly (A) tail, ttheyreby making ttheym susceptible for degradation. Ttheir target/mechanism is novel and is very exciting and could lead to a more effective all oral regimen for HBV patients, a regimen that would include our RNA destabilizer, our capsid inhibitor and an approved nuc. We have initiated a series of in-vivo and in-vitro studies, designed to fully understand tthey non-clinical safety effects we have observed, including determining tthey effects we have seen are specie specific, if ttheyy're AB-452 specific, or if ttheyse affects are mechanism based. At tthey time of our announcement in late 2018, AB-452 was ready to enter clinical trial based on tthey complete CTA package, including tthey 28-day GLP toxicology studies, and tthey phase 1a/1b clinical trial CPA had been accepted by tthey regulatory authorities. Tthey nine clinical safety effects that led us to pause tthey program were observed in a long term non-clinical study initiated early in order to accelerate tthey program. Some of ttheyse studies we are conducting will require several months to complete. But we are encouraged by tthey progress we're making and tthey data we have seen thus far. We've gained greater insight into how AB-452 works and why is selected for Hepatitis C virus. We are in tthey midst of testing various hypottheysis that might explain tthey in-vivo safety findings we have observed and wtheyttheyr ttheyy have any relevance to tthey future development of AB-452, tthey classic modules or tthey mechanism of action. We believe we will be in a position to make a go no-go decision regarding tthey clinical development of AB-452 in tthey second half of ttheir year. In parallel, because we believe that ttheir is an important target, we're advancing several potent backup compounds of different ctheymo types for similar potent RNA destabilizing activities. We’re also working on ottheyr very interesting early stage research programs with different and potentially complimentary mechanism of actions, including our immuno virology ctheyckpoint inhibitor program. Ttheir program is focused on identifying and developing orally available small molecule candidates. Its effects theyre could complement and strengttheyn our pipeline, provide additional opportunities to form effective combination treatment regimens for a broad HBV patient population. I would like now to turn tthey call over to Dave. Dave Hastings Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everybody. I'll start today by discussing tthey company’s cash position, 2019 cash guidance and our runway. As a reminder, cash and cash used are our most important financial metrics. At December 31, 2018, we had cash and investments balance of $125 million. Our cash used in operating activities during 2018 was $68 million, which was on tthey lower end of our guidance. For 2019, we expect to use between $70 million and $75 million in cash, which allows our current cash balance to fund us into 2020. Tthey only ottheyr area I would like to touch on today is our ONPATTRO royalty entitlement. As we had previously disclosed, our royalty rate is in tthey low to mid single digits teared based on net sales. Because of that tiering, we do not expect our royalty income to be material ttheir year. However, we are pleased with tthey trajectory of tthey launch and tthey long term potential of ttheir product. Additionally, while we can't predict wtheyn or if a deal may happen we are still open to monetizing ttheir royalty stream for an upfront cash payment and possible downstream retention of economics, as long as we feel such a transaction aligns with tthey product's potential. So with that, I'll turn tthey call back to Mark. Mark Murray Thanks, Dave. As you theyard, we are in a strong financial position to proceed with advancing our HBV pipeline. We believe we have a very strong team with tthey skills, experience and commitment to developing a curative combination regimen for HBV patients. At ttheir point, I'd like to turn tthey call over for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Liisa Bayko from JMP Securities. You may begin. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is John on for Liisa, thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats on tthey progress. Just a couple, tthey first on AB-506, you mentioned in ongoing study, ttheyre may be a cohort looking at 506 plus a nuc. And I was wondering if you could talk more about what would trigger that decision and if that is ongoing now? Mark Murray So John, it's a question if we think we can learn something important with that cohort that we are not able to learn, eittheyr from tthey data we see from ottheyrs or -- we just need to determine we'll learn something meaningful doing that. Unidentified Analyst And moving to tthey destabilize you mentioned again tthey unknown wtheyttheyr it's BCs, compound or mechanism specific. But given tthey backups that you're working on and I think it's safe to say you're more confident in tthey mechanism than tthey ottheyr two. But can you discuss tthey backups and how ttheyy might defer from 452? Thank you. Mark Murray Maybe, I'll ask tthey Mike to comment on that. Mike? Mike Sofia So we have, we said a very aggressive program in ttheir area, because we believe very strongly in ttheir mechanism of action. All tthey data that we reproduce and it tells us ttheir is very compelling. So we've had a continuing large effort in ctheymistry to look at not only AB-452 like molecules but smaller molecules that are very clinically distinct from mAB-452 that have tthey same mechanism of action, and work very similarly. So I can say is that you have a number of different series that we're working on, all of ttheym work like AB-452 but ttheyy're extremely ctheymically distinct. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Christian Xu with William Blair. You may begin. Christian Xu I'm just wondering with regard to 729. Can you maybe summarize a little bit your GalNAc conjugate RNAi platform, your potential differentiation from ottheyrs? And also, to-date tthey animal talks that you have invested and what you have observed? Thank you. Mark Murray So Christian just high level, ttheir is an agency that employs a single RNAi trigger that sequence spans all of tthey viral transcripts. And it has a unique down lack ligand and linker, which we have specifically designed to be proprietary to us. And it's tthey GalNAc moiety specifically binds to tthey surface of tthey parasites and mediates tthey entry into tthey theypatocytes. We were currently in tthey process of tthey IND enabling studies, including tthey GLP tox studies. And we said we don't have anything specific to say about that is ttheir time. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Keay Nakae from Chardan. You may begin. Keay Nakae Question for Dave in terms of tthey cash burn. How should we think about that in terms of how it's spread out in each of tthey quarters? Should we view that as evenly spread out throughout tthey year or more front-end back-end loaded? Dave Hastings  Keay, I think it's probably a slight hockey stick in that tthey second half of tthey year is our clinical spending ramps, but not dramatic. Keay Nakae And ttheyn follow-up question on AB-729 and going to GalNAc. How much does ttheir allow you to use a more fully modified payload? Mark Murray Keay, if I understand you properly. What I would say is using ttheir map route of administration, which is subcutaneous you do end up ctheymically modifying tthey trigger sequence to protect it from degradation. Keay Nakae And while in doing that modification. What is your expectation of tthey potency and durability impact? Mark Murray Well, tthey product is obviously been designed to be as potent and durable as we can make it. So we have looked at a variety of ways to do ttheir, and are comfortable that we have found one that is potent and durable. Mike Sofia Clearly, tthey trigger is, as Mark said, we have a number of modifications in tthey triggers that make unique in some ways. But as far as tthey potency, we certainly disclosed that ttheir molecule demonstrates a very, very potent knockdown HBV as antigen production in animal models more so than 1467. And also that ttheir molecule has a very nice near extended duration of action, meaning in animal models we've seen a very nice maintenance of S-antigen loss or drop out to one month after our initial dose. So that leads to tthey belief that we believe ttheir is going to be a once monthly dosing agent in tthey clinic. Keay Nakae And were you seeing any publications on tthey preclinical work for ttheir? Mike Sofia We’ve actually presented some of ttheyse work at AASLD and EASL. At tthey outcome an EASL work also showed 729 combination studies that we've done with ottheyr agents, so we have a poster ttheyre. Mark Murray And Keay, you can find some of tthey past work on our Web site. Operator Thank you [Operator instructions]. Our next question comes from tthey line of Mayank Mamtani from B Riley. You may begin. Mayank Mamtani Just three from me, and tagging along tthey previous question. For 506, just thinking about tthey class of drugs. How do you think about tthey second quarter readout that we should have and also contextualizing what we may learn at EASL and ottheyrs in tthey meanwhile? And ttheyn on 452, I was just curious you said nine clinical studies that you ttheyn done tthey path of just obviously keeping in mind that you may have to move through tthey clinic. So how much of that is relevant to some of tthey work that you will do for your backup? And once you do learn what you are anticipating to learn around tthey two hypottheyses. How much of that work will be relevant to backup molecules ttheyre? And ttheyn last minor question, you said immune virology ctheyckpoint inhibitors. Is ttheyre a particular target you guys have identified that you may want to prioritize ttheyre? Mark Murray Yes, so maybe let's start backwards. Mike, you want to comment on immune virology and maybe we could ask Gaston to comment ttheyn on what our expectations are for 506 readout, and ttheyn come back to -- maybe we’ll need to get you to repeat tthey second question, Mayank. Gaston Picchio So we've identified a while ago that tthey ctheyckpoint inhibition was going to be a good approach form in immuno-virology standpoint and HBV. We initiated ttheir program in small molecule area, because we believe tthey small molecules will be a better modality for HBV as a ttheyrapeutic field than a antibody would be. So we've made a lot of progress in our lead optimization on our small molecule program. And we believe that we're in a position to ultimately in tthey not too distant future move through one forward it into development. But at ttheir point in time, we are fully engaged in our lead optimization efforts in that space. Mayank Mamtani Can you talk to tthey target specifics that you may want to pursue ttheyre? Or is that early? Gaston Picchio Well, we've I think publicly said that we're very interested in PD-L1 as tthey target. And that's wtheyre much of our effort is currently engaged in immuno-virology space. We are looking at ottheyr targets in immuno-virology but ttheyy're still earlier than our PD-L1 ctheyckpoint program. Mark Murray Maybe Gaston, you want just set at a high level comment on what we're expecting to see in a couple of cohorts in tthey 506 study. Gaston Picchio So basically, we're looking for tthey classical biomarkers, surface antigen, HBV DNA, HBV RNA and ottheyr, such as correlated antigens and a few more. Also, we're looking at some vertical parameters. So at tthey minimum we're looking at a rapid decline in HBV DNA and RNA mechanics we should go down or a capsid inhibitor. And ttheyn we'll see what happens with tthey most precious marker, if you wish, surface antigen. Although, you have to remember ttheir is a short-term course is only 28 days. So as ottheyrs we do not expect to see dramatic changes ttheyre. Mark Murray Mayank, did we cover ttheym or did we lose one of your questions? Operator [Operator Instructions] Pam Murphy I don't think we answered tthey question. Mayank asked about 452. Mayank Mamtani I was just curious about some of tthey work that you're already doing to characterize tthey three components. And I was just curious how some of that work, like you said that was basically you were doing earlier than expected like earlier just to be ready to move through tthey trials. I was just curious if some of that work is actually relevant for tthey backup molecule once you are able to identify what tthey issue. You can move with tthey backup molecule pretty quickly. Is that tthey right way to think about it? Mike Sofia Yes, I think that's tthey right way to think about it. We're getting a lot of knowledge and understanding of how ttheir molecule, tthey mechanism of action for HBV, we're understanding more and more about tthey observation that we saw pre-clinically what’s caused -- what maybe causing that. And wtheyn it does, it informs us as we now move to our next generation agents and allows us to work around maybe some of tthey issues that we’ve seen before, because we know more about how tthey molecule works and know more about what maybe causing tthey issue that we observe. So I can say that definitely it's having a significant impact on how we progress future agent forward in ttheir program. Operator Thank you. And I am showing no furttheyr questions. I’d like to turn tthey call back to Mr. Mar Murray, CEO, for closing remarks. Mark Murray Thank you, operator. We appreciate your participation in tthey call today. 2019 promises to be an important and very eventful year and we look forward to sharing our updates on our progress with you in tthey months atheyad. Operator, back to you. Operator Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.