Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call March 3, 2022 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Raymond Caperelli - Vice President, Investor Relations William Collier - President and Chief Executive Officer  David Hastings - Chief Financial Officer Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Michael Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Roy Buchanan - JMP Securities Dennis Ding - Jefferies Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Brian Skorney - Baird Operator Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2021 Financial Results and Corporate Update Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today Raymond Caperelli, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Raymond Caperelli Thank you, Jack. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining Arbutus's fourth quarter and year-end financial and business update call. Joining me today from tthey Arbutus executive team are, Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; and Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer. Bill will begin with tthey review of recent accomplishments and clinical developments followed by David Hastings, who will provide a review of tthey company's fourth quarter and year-end financial results. After opening remarks, we will open tthey call up for Q&A. Gaston Picchio and Mike Sofia will be available to address clinical and scientific related questions. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our Zacharyual Report on 10-K being filed later today. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Bill. Bill? William Collier Thank you, Raymond. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. We appreciate your interest and your support of Arbutus Biopharma. Ttheir morning, we issued our fourth quarter and year-end financial and business update press release, which provides updates on our clinical and preclinical programs directed at finding a functional cure for patients with theypatitis B and a treatment for coronavirus infections, including SARS-CoV-2. If I had to sum up ttheir past year in one word, it would be transformative. And I'll explain why. In 2021, tthey Arbutus team did a fantastic job of advancing our proprietary early research compounds into IND-enabling studies, specifically our oral mRNA destabilizer that we now refer to as AB-161 and also our oral PDL1 inhibitor, which we're calling AB-101. Tthey potential addition of tthey PDL1 inhibitor AB-101 in a proprietary combination with our RNAi ttheyrapeutic 729 and our capsid inhibitor 836 would allow us to explore our three-prong strategy to provide a functional cure for chronic HBV infection. As you know, ttheir three-pronged approach consists of suppressing surface antigen, reducing HBV DNA and boosting tthey immune system. Now tthey potential role for tthey RNA destabilizer 161 in our approach is tthey opportunity to provide a proprietary or oral treatment regimen for HBV. We're excited about ttheir progress and look forward to completing tthey IND-enabling studies for both ttheyse compounds in tthey second half of ttheir year. Now, in addition, we secured both strategic and clinical partnerships that in line with our strategic initiatives allowed us, first of all, to initiate multiple combination clinical trials to evaluate 729 as a cornerstone ttheyrapy with ottheyr compounds in patients with HBV. Secondly, we expanded tthey geographic reach of 729 to China to address tthey largest HBV patient population. And thirdly, we've been able to broaden our pipeline to include development programs against coronavirus infections. And I'd like to elaborate on ttheyse strategic accomplishments , starting with our combination trials with our lead HBV compound 729. With tthey compelling safety and efficacy data from our Phase 1a/1b clinical trial, in 2021, we moved 729 into three Phase 2a clinical trials to evaluate 729 as a cornerstone ttheyrapy in combination with one or more approved investigational compounds. As enrollment continues or is near completion in ttheyse trials, data is expected in tthey second half of ttheir year from our clinical trial evaluating 729 and nucleotide analog and interferon, as well as data from our partnered trial evaluating 729 with Assembly’s core inhibitor. Now, with respect to our partnered program with Antios liver targeted NUC, as we mentioned in our press release today, enrollment is complete in ttheir cohort. However, tthey majority of patients were enrolled in Ukraine, which obviously is currently in a state of war. And ttheyse patients may be lost a follow-up before completing tthey study. Ttheyrefore, Arbutus and Antios may report limited data on a reduced number of patients from ttheir clinical trial. Also, as a reminder, we do have a fourth Phase 2a combination that we expect to initiate in tthey first half of ttheir year to evaluate 729 combined with VTP-300 that's tthey Vaccitech ttheyrapeutic vaccine, and NUC. And our goal is to utilize tthey learnings from all of ttheyse trials to provide insights with tthey potential to derisk tthey use of our proprietary compounds in combination with 729 to develop a functional cure for HBV, as well as to support our go-forward clinical and regulatory strategy for Phase 2b development. Now, let's move on to expanding tthey geographic reach of AB-729. At tthey end of last year, we executed an important strategic partnership with Qilu Pharmaceutical, one of tthey leading pharmaceutical companies in China. For us to reach tthey largest HBV patient population in need of a functional cure for chronic HBV infection, it was essential to find a strategic partner with significant experience in developing, manufacturing and commercializing products in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. As part of our discussions, Qilu conducted extensive diligence before completion of tthey agreement. Based on ttheyir belief and tthey potential as 729 to be a safe and effective treatment option for HBV, Qilu paid us $40 million upfront and made a $15 million equity investment in Arbutus, along with potential additional payments of up to $245 million consisting of certain development, regulatory and sales milestones. Finally, as part of ttheir transaction, we're also entitled to receive double-digit tiered royalties up to tthey low twenties percent on annual net sales of 729 in ttheyir territories. Ttheir is one of tthey largest early clinical deals conducted with a Chinese company. As important, ttheir partnership also allows us and Qilu to maximize tthey potential clinical value that 729 can bring to tthey millions of underserved patients in China. As we collaborate with Qilu on a clinical development strategy for 729 in China, we plan to provide updates on our progress. Now finding a functional cure for patients with HBV remains a key initiative for Arbutus, but we also recognize tthey urgent need to identify new antiviral, small molecules to treat COVID-19 and future coronavirus outbreaks. We've expanded our pipeline to include preclinical programs targeting coronaviruses. We're focusing our research efforts on two essential targets critical for replication across all coronaviruses, those being tthey nsp5 protease and tthey nsp12 polymerase. In December, through our partnership with X-Ctheym and Proteros biostructures, we identified unique and differentiated Pan-coronavirus assets that inhibit tthey SARS-CoV-2 nsp5 main protease or Mpro, which is a validated target for tthey treatment of COVID-19 and potential future coronavirus outbreaks. We recognized tthey importance of rapidly developing oral small molecules in addition to vaccines to address ttheir pandemic, as it transitions to an endemic phase. To that end, we intend to advance an Mpro clinical candidate into IND-enabling studies ttheir year. We are also continuing lead optimization -- lead optimization activities for an nsp12 viral polymerase candidate. Now, aside from our progress in our research efforts and partnerships to achieve our strategic initiatives, in 2021, we continued to build convincing safety and efficacy data with AB-729 and AB-836. Both of ttheyse compounds are undergoing rigorous evaluation at various dose levels and dosing intervals in cohorts of patients with various baseline characteristics. Ttheir compretheynsive body of evidence that we're building gives us tthey confidence that tthey dose and dosing interval we intend to advance into latest data clinical trials will be best suited to be safe and effective. Ttheir year, we anticipate reporting key data for AB-729, that will include new on-treatment data on multiple cohorts of patients included in tthey Phase 1a/1b clinical trial, as well as long-term follow-up data for patients who completed treatment and have discontinued AB-729 and NUC ttheyrapy. We also expect to report additional AB-836 data from part three of tthey Phase 1a/1b clinical trial that will inform potential future clinical trial development. I'm proud of tthey enormous progress tthey Arbutus team has made ttheir last year to position tthey company for multiple key clinical milestones and significant growth in 2022. And I look forward to keeping all of our shareholders informed of our progress and planned continued success. Now, lastly, as you saw in our press release on Monday, along with Genevant Sciences, we filed a lawsuit in tthey United States District Court for tthey District of Delaware against Moderna and an affiliate of Moderna seeking damages for infringement of certain U.S. patents in tthey manufacture and sale of mRNA-1273 that's Moderna's vaccine for COVID-19. Tthey patents relate to nucleic acid-lipid particles and lipid vesicles, as well as compositions and methods for ttheyir use. As you may recall in December 2021, tthey United States Court of Appeals for tthey Federal Circuit rejected Moderna's appeal of a prior decision of tthey U.S. Patent Trial and Appeals Board holding all claims of tthey asserted 069 patent to be patentable and dismissed Moderna's appeal challenging a similar finding of patentability with respect to certain claims of tthey asserted 435 patent. Moderna had initiated inter partes review, IPR, challenges against ttheyse patents in 2018 and 2019. Now Arbutus and our licensee Genevant do not seek an injunction or ottheyrwise seek to impede tthey sale, manufacture or distribution of mRNA-1273. However, we do seek fair compensation for Moderna's use of our patented technology that was developed with great effort and great expense without which Moderna's COVID-19 vaccine would not have been successful. Now, I do recognize now that ttheir litigation is a great interest to our shareholders and that many of you will have questions. We believe that tthey lawsuit we have filed is tthey appropriate way to resolve our claims. I ask that you be patient with us, as we will not be able to provide any additional commentary on our allegations or our litigation strategy, aside from what is in tthey publicly filed complaint. Ottheyr than to say, we intend to pursue all appropriate avenues to defend our intellectual property rights. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Dave Hastings for a brief financial update. David Hastings Thanks Bill, and good morning, everybody. As I've mentioned in tthey past, our key financial metric is cash and financial runway. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments was approximately $191 million as of December 31st, 2021 as compared to approximately $123 million as of December 31st, 2020. Tthey ending cash, cash equivalents and investments balance as of December 31st, 2021 does not include tthey $40 million upfront payment and a $15 million equity investment received in January, 2022 from Qilu Pharmaceutical as part of tthey exclusive licensing agreement and strategic partnership to develop and commercialize AB-729 in China.  Our cash use from operations for tthey year-ended December 31st, 2021 was $67.5 million, which was offset by approximately $135 million and net proceeds from tthey issuance of common shares under Arbutus' ATM program. For 2022, we expect our aggregate cash use to range from $90 million to $95 million. And ttheyrefore, we expect our current cash runway to be sufficient of fund operations into tthey second quarter of 2024. I would like to now discuss a relationship with Genevant, especially as it relates to tthey Moderna patent infringement lawsuit that was filed on Monday. Now, back in 2018, along with Roivant Sciences, we launctheyd Genevant as a company to focus on mRNA-based ttheyrapeutics. We licensed Genevant rights to our LNP technology for mRNA-based applications outside of HBV. And we currently have a 16% equity interest in Genevant. Now under ttheir licensing agreement, if Genevant receives proceeds from an action for infringement by any third parties of Arbutus' intellectual property licensed to Genevant, we would be entitled to receive after deduction of litigation costs, eittheyr 20% of tthey proceeds received by Genevant or if less tiered low single digit royalties on net sales of tthey infringing product, inclusive of tthey proceeds from litigation or settlement which in that case would be treated as net sales. So, with that, and in closing, we have establittheyyd a strong financial foundation to advance tthey company's mission to develop a functional cure for HBV and a treatment for COVID-19 and potential future coronavirus outbreaks. Bill? William Collier Thanks very much Dave. And operator, why don't we open up tthey lines now for Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Roy Buchanan with JMP Securities. Your line is open. Roy Buchanan Hey, great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. Appreciate tthey details on tthey litigation stuff. First question on 836, anything you can say about what to expect from tthey data later ttheir half? You've shown good reductions in viral DNA at 100 milligrams already. Any early thoughts about how tthey program might take shape in tthey second half? And ttheyn looking slide, just to verify cohorts, INJ have not started, correct? William Collier Yeah. Gaston is on tthey call ttheir morning. Gaston, do you want to take that question? Gaston Picchio Sure. Hi, Roy. So, let me start with tthey last part of your question. INJ have not started yet. Tthey -- right now, we have -- we're conducting tthey three first cohorts, tthey 50, tthey 100 and tthey 200 milligram cohorts and tthey data will be reported in tthey first half of ttheir year. Once we have tthey data, ttheyn we'll decide on next steps. We have already some plans in mind, but we need to see tthey final data before make in those final. Roy Buchanan Okay. Great. And ttheyn, you guys had a case of rash in ALT elevation earlier. Not sure if you can say, but any additional observations of eittheyr of those events. Gaston Picchio We cannot comment on that. I think tthey data will be reported tthey time wtheyn it's reported in tthey first half of tthey year. Roy Buchanan Okay. Great. Just thought I'd try. And ttheyn, what's getting for starting tthey Phase 2a with VTP-300. And ttheyn, you mentioned in tthey slides starting a Phase 2b, assuming positive results. Do you think that would be a larger triple combo trial or do you think you might be able to work in an additional a core inhibitor or some ottheyr agent have a quadruple combination? Gaston Picchio So, tthey VTP-300, it's already approved in some of tthey countries, wtheyre we are going to be executing tthey study. So, it's just a question of activation of clinical sites and so forth. So, it will -- hopefully, we'll be starting very soon. I think we indicated in tthey first half, but already has been filed in a number of countries and we've just got some approvals. Secondly, in terms of tthey Phase 2b study, yes. So, we -- obviously from 836, to make those final decisions as to wtheyttheyr 836 will be part of tthey mix for a larger Phase 2b study. We also want to see some of our preliminary data in combination with interferon as well. And also we want to see ottheyr data that's emerging tthey field. For example, ctheyckpoint inhibition. So, ttheyre's a number of pieces of data that, that we are looking forward to see in tthey course of ttheir year, that will theylp us shape our final Phase 2b strategy. We cannot really define what that will be at ttheir point in time. Roy Buchanan Okay. Great. And one, just ctheyck tthey box for Dave, and ttheyn I'll jump back into tthey queue. Tthey net cash burn $90 million to $95 million ttheir year. Just want to double ctheyck. Does that include both components of tthey Qilu payments in January? Thanks. David Hastings Well, yeah. No. So, tthey cash burn is a net cash burn. Tthey only thing that really reduces that is tthey -- on Proteros pharmacy royalties, Roy. And in terms of revenue recognition for tthey Qilu agreement, that $40 million was received in January. So tthey accounting really starts in Q1. We would expect to defer that revenue recognition over a period of time as we transfer tthey technology to manufacture AB-729 to Qilu and that might take a couple years. Roy Buchanan Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Dennis Ding with Jefferies. Your line is open. Dennis Ding Hi, good morning and thanks for taking tthey question. Two for me, if I may. First question is on your theyp B, can you just talk about what you'd like to see from tthey various triple combo studies reading out in tthey second half? And what do you want to see to give you confidence that ttheyre'll be a higtheyr probability of success for functional care, which I would think is coming 2023, 2024.  And ttheyn my second question is around your protease inhibitor. I don't really think people are really appreciating that you guys have ttheir asset. So can you just comment on wtheyn that will go into to tthey clinic? And can you just talk about your ideal drug profile ttheyre? Specifically, how has preclinical studies panned out in terms of potency and your projected human PK? Thank you very much. William Collier Thank you, Dennis. Gaston, you want to take tthey first one and ttheyn we'll have Mike Sofia talk about tthey protease. Gaston Picchio Yeah. Sure. Can you repeat, because I -- you were breaking up a little bit wtheyn you were asking tthey HBV part of tthey question, please repeat tthey question. Dennis Ding Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Just -- can you just talk about tthey data that's coming in tthey second half for your triple combo studies and what you'd like to see that -- to give you more confidence that ttheyre will be a higtheyr probability of success for functional cure? Gaston Picchio Sure. So, wtheyn it comes to tthey -- specifically, wtheyn it comes -- for example, tthey interferon study, what we would like to see hopefully is a deeper S-antigen decline. And hopefully, some of tthey participants in tthey study getting to undetectable levels on-treatment, something that as we were reported, we have not seen with 729 and NUC and pretty much nobody has seen with Antios mRNA and NUC. So tthey addition of interferon, we believe it's going to contribute to a deeper, maybe faster, S-antigen suppression. Obviously, ttheyn that's wtheyn it comes to that particular study with additional interferon. And ttheyn, we have anottheyr interest in piece of data that's coming out, which is what happens after stopping NUC ttheyrapy in patients who have been on 729 plus a NUC for 48 weeks. Ttheyn ttheyy stop 729 for an additional six months, and now ttheyy are eventually stopping tthey NUC. Ttheyre, I think we would like to see two things. One is wtheyttheyr antigen eittheyr is sustainable -- reduced, at tthey lower levels of -- we are requiring to be able to stop tthey NUC, which is below a 100 NUC per ML. And secondly, we would like to see what happens to HBV DNA, wtheyttheyr HBV DNA comes back, see a relapse, like pretty much everyone sees after something NUC or is HBV DNA hold back as a result of tthey addition of 729, which also could lead to a different concept, not necessarily functional cure, which is completed antigen, but could lead to an sustained biological response, which is HBV DNA does not come back after stopping all ttheyrapies, which potentially could be beneficial for tthey patients as well. Dennis Ding Okay. William Collier Question on tthey protease inhibitor. Michael Sofia Yeah. So, yeah. Hi, Dennis. Ttheir is Mike Sofia. So, to answer couple your comments. Look, as far as a profile for tthey molecule, we are certainly clearly aware of tthey developments in tthey field. And so, our molecule -- we're trying -- we're definitely trying to target to have a profile that differentiates it from what else is out ttheyre. For example, I could say that we want a molecule that we don't need recital boosting like [indiscernible] didn’t requires. We believe that's a disadvantage for general patient population. We clearly want a oral once a day dosing regimen to be competitive in tthey space and clearly a molecule with very competitive, if not exceptional potency overall. So, I think, those are tthey general characteristics that we're looking for. Now, as far as tthey -- wtheyre we are, we have -- we're in sort of lead optimization theyre. We expect -- fully expect to nominate a compound in tthey second quarter of ttheir year, sort of tthey latter part of tthey second quarter of ttheir year, and ttheyn obviously rapidly, move into IND-enabling studies and move as quickly as possible to get that molecule into tthey clinic. So that's sort of tthey general overall profile and plan that we have realizing that ttheyre is a sense of urgency for us in our program, but also for patients and trying to identify ways to accelerate tthey IND-enabling study aspects of ttheir program. Dennis Ding Thank you. That's theylpful. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Your line is open. Ed Arce Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a very productive year. First question is on AB-836. As I'm looking across tthey many data readouts that you plan to have ttheir coming – for ttheir year, it would appear, ttheir is tthey only one in tthey first half. Part three, I think you mentioned earlier cohorts, INJ have not started yet. So, just wondering, tthey additional data, could you give us a little more detail on what you expect any more -- eittheyr additional data from previously enrolled cohorts, or tthey initial take from cohorts INJ? Gaston Picchio So, hi, Ed. Gaston theyre. So, I mean, as we said, I mean tthey data will be reported in tthey first half. So, really, I can't comment on any additional results from those that will report in December of 2021 on tthey 100 milligram parameter data, tthey 100 milligram cohort, which looks very promising tthey 3.1 log, dropping HBV DNA, I think places 836 as among tthey most competitive active inhibitors with a point -- with a very good safety profile. So, I think we have to wait until we'll report tthey totality of tthey data for tthey 50, 100 and 200. If -- as I mentioned, we haven't started INJ, but if we have any preliminary data on INJ, by ttheyn we are ready to report, we'll report that as well. But that depends on recruitment speed. I think even what we've seen so far, with ttheir 3.1 log BK [ph] I think it's fair to say that we are very confident that 836 is going to emerge as a very promising capsid inhibitor. And again, I mean, I just iterate what I before. We need to see that data, analyze it critically to decide wtheyttheyr 836 should move forward in combination with 729 and ottheyr agents. Even what we've seen so far, I think I would lean to say yes, but I think we have to see tthey totality of tthey data for making tthey final decision. But even what we've seen so far based on tthey 3.1 log BK in HBV DNA, it looks like a very strong concern ttheyre and contribute significantly to a combination of regimen. Ed Arce Right. Great. Okay. And ttheyn turning to 729, as you mentioned, three readouts, looks like all in tthey second half with peg-interferon, that Vebicorvir and tthey ASPIN compound, all combination trials. Maybe you could give was a little more clarity on sort of tthey order of ttheyse, if it's possible? Perhaps, which is first, it would appear perhaps that ASPIN -- tthey ASPIN trial combo, that's completed? Perhaps that one's first and ttheyn I have follow up. Michael Sofia Yeah. So, let me just comment on that and ttheyn I'll hand over to Gaston as well. So, as we mentioned ttheir morning, tthey study with Antios, that's tthey one study in our lineup wtheyre tthey majority of tthey patients were recruited in Ukraine. And although, that was tthey study that I think was close to completion. We're just really not sure right now how we can follow up those patients, in an efficient or typical manner. So, that's why we have tweaked our guidance today. And just indicated that for that study, we may be able to report some limited data on a fewer number of patients, but that's one study wtheyre clearly tthey Ukraine situation has had an impact. Now our ottheyr studies, I should point out, we've got a fairly well distributed set of sites in different countries. And that's why we're maintaining our gut on tthey interferon study and tthey Assembly applicable study. So, I just wanted to kind of cover that off and ttheyn theyad over to Gaston. Gaston Picchio So, I think, as we indicated, tthey three studies in collaboration I think we will be reporting tthey second half. Wtheyn it comes to tthey 729 data [technical difficulty] both tthey first half and tthey second half, as everyone knows, I mean, obviously ttheyre is, an important lever meeting that has shifted, but still is within tthey first half. So, that's always a good opportunity to present our data in a scientific form. And ttheyn tthey second half, obviously, ttheyre's portal meeting, wtheyre tthey data could be presented. We prefer to share that data with tthey scientific community to get it scrutinized in a more scientific way. So, those are tthey two options that we have. Tthey 729 data is going to be more distributed along tthey year ttheyn [technical difficulty]. Ed Arce Okay. That's theylpful. It was -- your audio was cutting in and out a little bit, but I think I got tthey gist of what you were saying. A couple more quick follow-ups if I may. Just on, tthey data readouts, wanted to get your take, if possible - and ttheir is eittheyr for Michael or Gaston, on tthey efficacy readouts from ttheyse combo trials, obviously looking at HV -- S-antigen declines. And looking at certain things like, tthey proportion that is below lower limit of quantification or tthey HBV DNA or mRNA that is not detectable, just wondering as you collect that data and analyze it from ttheyse trials later ttheir year, are ttheyre, in your minds, any sort of minimum proportion of patients or any sort of specific thresholds that you're looking for, should be theylpful? Gaston Picchio No. I'll start. And we don't have pre-redefined press goal of portion of patients that need to a certain criteria like -- at least just say ttheir example, 50% of tthey patient of undetectable HBV RNA. So, we will just look at tthey data [technical difficulty] it comes in and we'll determine what those proposals are, but we don't have any redefine. Wtheyn it comes to S-antigen, obviously, aspirationally, we will have to see as many patients as opposable losing S-antigen, eittheyr treatment or after treatment continued. But we don't have any proportion of patients. Ed Arce Okay. Fair enough. And one quick, last question. Around tthey use of tthey ATM, is ttheir something that tthey company intends to continue as it did? Pretty extensively last year? Gaston Picchio Yeah. I mean, I think, we, obviously, as a life science company had have to use all tthey tools and tthey toolbox to ensure that tthey companies are perfectly capitalized and while we don't layout specific plans, that's certainly one element of our ability to fund tthey company. So, I'll just leave it at that. Ed Arce Great. Thanks so much for answering my questions. Gaston Picchio Thanks Ed. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Skorney with Baird. Your line is open. Brian Skorney Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, I was hoping you could give us a little bit of tthey background on tthey discovery process of AB-101. I know developing small molecules to disrupt protease interactions has been tough, but wtheyn successful has been pretty successful. So, can you kind of walk us through how 101 interacts with PDL1? Is it a PDL1 non-medic and maybe you could give us details on what tthey molecular weight is and have you shown any data on world bio availability from tthey preclinical work so far? Thanks. Michael Sofia Yeah. Sure. We did present a little bit of data at theypB 2021. So, look, we -- tthey molecule are in tthey slightly larger molecular weight range, okay? I would say around 700 or so. However, we had good oral bio availability for ttheyse agents. Now, tthey process that we have gone through, ttheyre have been some theirtorical data publittheyyd on some small molecules that bind to PDL1 that we sort of jumped off on, and sort of introduced some very novel aspects to it ourselves and ttheyn began to investigate how ttheyse molecules work. And tthey way ttheyse molecule work is not like a typical antibody, which basically binds and blocks. What ttheyy do, ttheyy bind into a specific site on PDL1, ttheyy cause dimerization of PDL1s on tthey surface of tthey cell. Ttheir results in an intern of tthey protease and ultimate degradation of that protease. So ttheir happens actually really quite quickly. And so, you ttheyn sort of have a -- tthey significant depletion of PDL1s on tthey cell surface. Ttheir ttheyn translates clearly into a very similar ptheynotype that you would see in antibody. In fact, we show that ttheyse PDL1 small modules do result in immune reactivation and HBV specific t-cells, by looking at interferon -- again, interferon increases. We see, in fact, an in-vivo animal model, given an oral once a day dose of ttheir agent, and ttheir is in a MC 38 tumor model, that we see reductions in tumor size that are comparable to use of antibodies. So that will be using atezolizumab as tthey comparator. So, molecules do work by different mechanism, but ultimately provide tthey same biological outcome that one sees were using an antibody. So, tthey process that we've gone through is clearly to identify molecules that bind to tthey receptor that have ttheir functional effect of internalization. And ttheyn, obviously, doing typical PK assessments to optimize tthey PK profile that we're interested in, and ttheyn evaluate ttheym in in-vivo model to see if we -- that translates to in-vivo efficacy and obviously, move forward from ttheyre. So, I hope that answers your question. Brian Skorney Yes. It did. Thank you very much, Mike. Operator Thank you. And we have a follow-up from Roy Buchanan with JMP Securities. Roy Buchanan Hey. Thanks for taking tthey follow-up. Just really quick on tthey 729 Phase 1, you mentioned that um, patients coming off of 729 and tthey NUC. Just wondering if you give us a sense, tthey day that we'll see how long ttheyy'll be off tthey NUC maybe. Thanks. Gaston Picchio Yeah. It's difficult to say. Let me just point out tthey following. In that study that we've amended to give that option to investigator and participants, ttheyy, obviously, stopped 729, ttheyn ttheyy're being off 729 for six months. And after that point, after being off 729, ttheyy had tthey option to discontinue tthey look. And again, ttheir is not -- let's say mandated by tthey protocol. Ttheir was an option, that investigators and tthey patients have based on certain criteria that we have not disclosed. Tthey moment that ttheyy choose to do that, ttheyy're being follow up obviously very carefully to, for safety reasons and also to monitor wtheyttheyr S-antigen continues to tthey client or is back up or HBV DNA, and ottheyr biomarkers as HBV mRNA and so forth. Tthey duration -- after that -- of that follow is going to be very variable because some patients have chosen to stop a while ago. Ottheyrs are doing that as we speak. So, it's going to be a wide range of follow-ups. I cannot really pinpoint what tthey exact follow-up time will be by tthey time we do tthey data cut to present tthey data. Roy Buchanan Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you. And I'm showing no furttheyr questions in tthey queue. I'd like to turn a call back to management for any closing remarks. William Collier Thank you very much indeed. And thanks everyone for joining us ttheir morning and for your questions. We look forward to keeping you updated as we move forward with many of tthey clinical milestones we've mentioned today, including tthey announcement of additional data from our combination trials, evaluating 729, tthey cornerstone ttheyrapy, and also our Phase 1a/1b clinical trials with 729 and 836.  So, with that, thank you all again. And operator that concludes our call. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.