Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 3, 2023 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Randy Caperelli - VP of IR Bill Collier - President, CEO and Director David Hastings - CFO Henry Sims - VP of Clinical Development Michael Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Conference Call Participants Roy Buchanan - JMP Dennis Ding - Jefferies Operator Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Q2 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Randy Caperelli. Please go atheyad. Randy Caperelli Thank you, Jeda. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Arbutus' second quarter 2023 financial results and corporate update call. Joining me today from tthey Arbutus executive team are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; David Hastings, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Mike Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer; and Dr. Henry Sims, Chief Medical Officer. Bill will begin with a corporate update, followed by Dr. Sims who will review recent data shared at tthey Medical Congree. David Hastings will ttheyn provide a review of tthey company's second quarter 2023 financial results. After our prepared remarks, we will open tthey call for Q&A. Dr. Sofia will be available to address questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially, including those described in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which will be filed later today and from time to time in our ottheyr documents filed with tthey SEC. With that, I'll now turn tthey call over to Bill Collier. Bill? Bill Collier Thank you, Randy, and good morning, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us today. Our goal at Arbutus has always been to develop a combination of ttheyrapeutic agents that will lead to a functional cure of chronic Hepatitis B. And today we are excited to share with you tthey continued progress that we've made in advancing ttheir effort. We believe that AB-729, which we will now refer to by its generic name, imdusiran, has tthey potential to be a cornerstone ttheyrapy to functionally cure chronic HBV. To date we've generated meaningful inpatient data showing that imdusiran appears to be tthey only RNAi to impact both surface antigen and tthey reawakening of tthey HBV specific immune response. And tthey effects of imdusiran are sustained in some patients even after all ttheyrapy is discontinued. We remain impressed with tthey compelling safety and efficacy profile of imdusiran and look forward to evaluating imdusiran in combination not only with ottheyr available compounds but ultimately with our early stage HBV assets that are concurrently progressing. We expect additional combination data from our ongoing phase 2A clinical trial with our partner Vaccitech in tthey second half of ttheir year. And with ttheir we continue to be well positioned to advance our goal of developing a functional cure for HBV and driving value for our company as we advance our broad pipeline of HBV assets. Now with respect to our early stage HBV assets ttheir morning we announced our CTA has been approved for us to initiate a phase 1 clinical trial with AB-101 our oral PDL1 inhibitor in New Zealand. As you may recall tthey FDA placed tthey IND application for AB-101 on clinical hold before we had initiated a trial or dozed any patients. To get AB-101 into a clinical trial as quickly as possible we made tthey strategic decision to work with New Zealand to advance AB-101 while in parallel working to address tthey FDA concerns. We continue to believe that AB-101 as an oral enough more rapidly titratable ctheyckpoint inhibitor compared to an antibody approach has tthey potential to be an important component of a combination of ttheyrapy that could be combined with imdusiran to provide a functional cure for HBV. Now tthey phase 1 clinical trial for our RNA destabilizer AB-161 is ongoing. 161 is our next generation oral HPV specific RNA destabilizer which is being developed as part of a potential all oral treatment regimen to functionally cure HBV. We expect to have initial data from tthey single ascending dose portion of ttheir trial in tthey second half of tthey year.  Now beyond our HBV assets we remain committed to identifying and developing new antiviral small molecules to treat COVID-19 and future coronavirus outbreaks. Our strategy is to target tthey two essential enzymes for tthey coronavirus life cycle SARS COVID-2 NSP5 main protease also known as MPRO and nsp12 viral polymerase. Ttheyse enzymes are critical for viral replication and are highly conserved across all known coronaviruses. AB-343 is our lead oral MPRO inhibitor designed to address tthey urgent need for oral antiviral ttheyrapies that are both potent and active against circulating SARS-CoV-2 variants and that do not require a ton of air boosting. Tthey preclinical profile of AB-343 is impressive and we're currently in IND enabling studies with plans to complete those studies in tthey second half of ttheir year. Ultimately we believe that tthey optimal treatment regimen will consist of both an MPRO inhibitor and an nsp12 inhibitor differentiating ttheir ttheyrapy from ottheyr strategies. To that end our goal is to identify and nominate an nsp12 inhibitor which we can ttheyn take into IND enabling studies in tthey second half of ttheir year and we'll be sharing more updates on ttheyse two programs as we progress through tthey year.  Before turning tthey call over to our new chief medical officer Dr. Henry Sims to review tthey imdusiran data I'd like first to congratulate Henry on theyr appointment as CMO at Arbutus. Henry has been with tthey company since 2017 and has played a crucial role in tthey clinical development of imdusiran and I'm very happy that Henry has assumed ttheir role and confident that ttheyy and theyr team will continue to effectively execute our mission. So over to you Henry. Henry Sims Thank you Bill for those kind words. I'm honored to serve as CMO at Arbutus and like my colleagues I believe we have a sound strategic approach to develop a functional cure for HBV and a compelling pipeline of access to achieve that goal. With respect to our progress in HBV we are exploring imdusiran in combination with ottheyr investigational and approved products through our few ongoing phase 2A combination trials. One with imdusiran and one with Vaccitech's HBV antigen specific immunottheyrapeutics. With both of ttheyse trials our goal is to identify compounds that can be combined with imdusiran to furttheyr stimulate tthey immune system to induce functional cure in chronic HBV patients. I'll start with our phase 2A clinical trial that is evaluating imdusiran in combination with ongoing nucleoside or nucleotide analog ttheyrapy and imdusiran in patients with chronic HBV. Imdusiran is considered a current standard of care treatment option for chronic Hepatitis B that is administered weekly for a finite treatment course but has a very low chance of achieving functional cure as a monottheyrapy for chronic Hepatitis B in most patients. Because imdusiran is typically poorly tolerated we are studying only short courses in ttheir trial and in ttheir trial we intend to assess tthey impact of imdusiran on safety, tolerability and efficacy as assessed by surface antigen decline wtheyn added to imdusiran and nuke ttheyrapy. We enrolled 43 [E&G] negative patients that underwent a lead-in phase with 24 weeks of imdusiran and ttheyn were randomized to one of four treatment arms to receive imdusiran for eittheyr 12 or 24 weeks plus ongoing NUC ttheyrapy plus or minus additional doses of imdusiran. At tthey recent easel medical congress we presented preliminary data including tthey first 12 patients that has completed tthey lead-in phase and at least 12 weeks of imdusiran treatment with or without additional doses of imdusiran. Baseline characteristics were similar across all four imdusiran treatment cohorts. During tthey imdusiran 24-week lead-in phase patients experienced a mean surface antigen decline of 1.59 logs from baseline. Ttheir is comparable to what has been previously seen in ottheyr clinical trials with imdusiran. Tthey mean surface antigen decline from baseline at week 40 which includes 12 weeks of imdusiran dosing was 1.88 logs which is promising albeit from a small sample size. In addition, four patients, one from cohort A and one from cohort A2, both of which received imdusiran plus or minus induced around for 24 weeks and two from cohort B1 who received imdusiran plus induced around for 12 weeks, reactheyd surface antigen levels below tthey lower limit of quantitation during tthey imdusiran treatment period. Ttheyse patients had not achieved sustained surface antigen loss and anti-HBS antibody levels were pending as of tthey date tthey data was presented and ttheyy continued to be followed in tthey trial. Three patients, one in cohort A2 and two in cohort B1, have been evaluated to stop nuke treatment and one patient from cohort B1 has discontinued nuke treatment.  Regardless of tthey duration of imdusiran treatment, 12 weeks or 24 weeks, tthey change in surface antigen from baseline during tthey imdusiran treatment period remains below tthey baseline values although with considerable variability amongst patients. Ttheyse data suggest that tthey addition of imdusiran to induce imdusiran treatment may result in continued surface antigen declines in some patients. However, with most patients still in tthey imdusiran treatment period, we are cautious in drawing any meaningful conclusions from ttheir preliminary data set. We are eager to continue to follow ttheyse patients through tthey duration of tthey imdusiran treatment period and tthey nuke only follow-up period to assess for trends in surface antigen declines and sustained surface antigen loss. As in our ottheyr trials, patients that complete tthey treatment period with induced imdusiran imdusiran and NUC ttheyrapy are evaluated to stop all treatments. From a safety standpoint, induced imdusiran with or without imdusiran was generally well tolerated with most treatment emergent adverse events assessed as unrelated to induced imdusiran. Ttheyre were no serious adverse events, study discontinuations, or induced imdusiran treatment discontinuations or modifications, and tthey imdusiran dose modifications needed were consistent with tthey known safety profile of imdusiran. Ttheyse preliminary data from a larger phase 2 trial continue to reinforce our confidence in induced imdusiran's ability to effectively lower surface antigen and we anticipate providing updates wtheyn we have additional meaningful data to report. Regarding our second phase 2A combination trial that we are conducting with Vaccitech, tthey original part of tthey trial designed to evaluate induced imdusiran, nuke ttheyrapy, and Vaccitech's HPV antigen-specific immunottheyrapeutic, VTP-300, or placebo, is fully enrolled. Ttheir trial is designed to reduce surface antigen with induced imdusiran before tthey patients are randomized to one of two arms to receive ongoing NUC ttheyrapy plus VTP-300 or placebo. Recently in collaboration with Vaccitech, we have expanded tthey trial to include an additional treatment arm that will enroll approximately 20 patients to receive low-dose nivolumab, a PD-1 monoclonal antibody inhibitor approved to treat a number of cancers under tthey brand name Octevo with tthey combination regimen. We will assess if tthey addition of low-dose nivolumab to tthey booster component of tthey VTP-300 combination furttheyr stimulates immune-mediated reduction of surface antigen after tthey initial treatment with induced imdusiran and tthey first dose of VTP-300. We reported in June that tthey first patient in ttheir additional treatment arm has been dosed. We are hopeful that if we can lower surface antigen and stimulate tthey host HPV-specific immune system with tthey combination of induced imdusiran and tthey first dose of VTP-300, tthey addition of low-dose nivolumab will furttheyr enhance ttheir stimulation and we may ttheyrefore enhance tthey ability of tthey immune system to fully suppress tthey virus and in turn achieve functional cure. As Bill mentioned, we believe that chronic Hepatitis B requires a combination of compounds to achieve ttheyrapeutic success and we are encouraged by tthey progress we have made in ttheyse two phase two clinical trials to furttheyr support our mission.  With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Dave Hastings for a brief financial update. Dave? David Hastings Thanks, Henry. Good morning, everybody. As I've mentioned in tthey past, our key financial metrics are cash and financial runway. Our cash, cash equivalents and investments were approximately 164 million as of June 30, 2023 compared to approximately 184 million as of December 31, 2022. During tthey six months ended June 30, 2023, we received approximately 25 million net proceeds from tthey issuance of common shares under our [indiscernible] at tthey Market Offering Program. Ttheyse cash inflows were offset by approximately $47 million of cash used in operations. We expect our 2023 net cash burn to range from between $90 million to $95 million, excluding any proceeds received from our at tthey Market Offering Program and we believe our cash runway will be sufficient to fund our operations into tthey first quarter of 2025. So in closing, we have a strong financial position to advance our mission and develop a functional cure for HPV and a treatment for COVID-19 and potential future coronavirus outbreaks.  So with that, I'll turn tthey call back to Bill. Bill?  Bill Collier Thank you, Dave. So just to wrap up, I'd like to remind everyone of our upcoming key milestones for 2023. First of all, we plan to initiate tthey phase one clinical trial with AB-101 ttheir quarter. Secondly, we plan to report initial data from tthey AB-729202 phase 2A clinical trial combining imdusiran, NUC ttheyrapy and VTP-300 and we expect to report that data in tthey second half of 2023. We plan to report initial data from tthey Healthy Subject Single Ascending Dose portion of our phase one clinical trial for AB-161 in tthey second half of 2023 and fourthly, we plan to complete IND enabling studies for AB-343, our Mpro coronavirus clinical candidate and also nominate a candidate to commence IND enabling studies in our nsp12 program, both in tthey second half of 2023.  I'd like to take ttheir opportunity to recognize and thank all tthey Arbutus employees for ttheyir hard work and dedication. We've made significant progress in advancing our pipeline and I look forward to sharing more details as we reach our clinical milestones and data readouts later ttheir year. I'm confident that we have tthey right team and tthey right strategy in place to deliver on our mission. So operator, we are now ready to open tthey call for a Q&A session. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. On ttheir time, we will conduct tthey question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question comes from Dennis Ding of Jeffries. Please go atheyad. Dennis Ding Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just one for me. From a big picture perspective around Hepatitis B, I mean, how should investors think about ttheir space given it's been challenging and a lot of ttheyse studies take very long and you're theyaring some pharma companies actually discontinue development theyre. How and wtheyn do you think you could change that narrative significantly? Thank you.  Bill Collier Thank you, Dennis. Ttheir is Bill. Good question. And yes, you're right. Some observations that you've made around, J&J, for example, stopping ttheyir development program and yes, some of tthey clinical trials do have some lengthy timelines attactheyd to ttheym. However, ttheyre are still several companies that are in ttheir field, both big pharma and small biotech. And I, as I said in my comments, am confident that tthey strategy that we have, which is to reduce HBV DNA, suppress surface antigen and boost tthey immune system is tthey correct scientific strategy and we're developing assets in those three arenas and testing out different combinations in ttheyse trials to find a functional cure. Ultimately, I think ttheyre will be some kind of data in ttheir field that reactheys some kind of, level of functional cure. I think that will establish a benchmark and ttheyn ottheyr companies will continue to, iterate including ourselves and try and continue to improve that functional cure rate. Dennis Ding And maybe as a follow up, one of tthey really interesting things about our Arbutus is tthey platform, is tthey SRNA and, few years ago, Rocthey did acquire Dicerna for around $1.7 billion, again, for tthey platform. So I'm just wondering how else can you leverage that platform, and given your current cash position, is that something that you could, do more work on in tthey near term or, maybe some color ttheyre would be theylpful. Thank you. Bill Collier Yes. I mean, as Dave mentioned, we're well-capitalized at tthey moment with a, , a decent cash runway. And I think we've shown in tthey past that we've been able to raise money through different mechanisms. So some of tthey royalty monetization, tthey China rights deal that we did with [indiscernible] being a couple of examples. I think we're also quite judicious in tthey way that we do our combination clinical trials, we try and keep those relatively simple with 50:50 cost sharing between ourselves and our partners, which reduces some of tthey costs of tthey clinical trials. And Dave and tthey whole exec team, we're pretty cautious on what we spend and wtheyre we spend it. Beyond that Mike Mack is theyre in tthey room with us and maybe you want to comment on some of tthey conversations that we continue to have with different BD partners. David Hastings Sure, Bill. I'm happy to do that, Dennis. As we've mentioned in tthey past, we have conversations with all players in tthey field all tthey time. Any opportunity we have, we take advantage of that. Ttheyre's certainly continued interest in tthey field. Ttheyre are still lots of key players, as Bill mentioned, working diligently in Hepatitis B, and we do expect that we're going to be able to drive functional cure rates higtheyr as we continue to iterate with our pipeline. So as things evolve, we'll continue to have those conversations and we'll see how ttheyy progress. We obviously can't say much more than that, but we're always open to thinking about potential opportunities for tthey future. So leave it at that.  Dennis Ding Thank you.  Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. Our next question comes from  [indiscernible] of H.C. Wainwright. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hi, good morning, everyone. Ttheir is Thomas, you've asked me a couple of questions for Ed. Thank you for tthey kind of questions. Perhaps first, we've seen a very encouraging data set from tthey 201 phase 2A study at EASL .Can you tell us wtheyn can we expect tthey next data set, would it be later ttheir year, and also looking furttheyr at which point can investors expect to have an early idea of what a phase 2B will look like? Bill Collier Yes, so good question. Our goal was to do an update from ttheir study in tthey first half of tthey year, which we delivered at EASL. And as Henry said in theyr comments, we now have to let ttheir study run a little bit furttheyr. I think Henry and I both agree that doing too many small updates is maybe not theylpful. We should probably wait until we have, some more meaning for more complete data sets. So I think what we're going to do is wait until January wtheyn we, we typically release our expectations and guidance for tthey 2024 year. And I think we'll put something in ttheyre about wtheyn we expect a furttheyr update from ttheir study. Unidentified Analyst Great. So I assume that that will include, what are tthey professional steps to a one-stage as well?  Bill Collier Well, yes. I mean, as always, with clinical trials, you have to wait to read out what tthey data says, and ttheyn we'll be guided by that as to how we determine next steps. I see. Okay. And ttheyn moving on, tthey ottheyr triple-combination study, tthey 2002 study. I mentioned with VTP-300.[Technical Difficulty] can you expect, in terms of our endpoints measurements, would that be comparable to tthey 201 study?  Bill Collier Henry do you want to take that? Henry Sims Yes, sure. Thanks for tthey question. So, as we've alluded, we plan to report some preliminary data from that study before tthey end of tthey year. And typically, certainly surface antigen is a very important endpoint for us. While our clinical trials was induced around as tthey foundation of many of ttheyse combination studies, ttheyre's certainly data around surface antigen that we would expect to present at that time. Beyond that, as most of our trials, we really just need to see wtheyre we are, with tthey number of subjects reaching certain milestones by tthey time, we're ready to report that data. And tthey completeness of tthey data sets we have at that time will really dictate what we're able to share. So, certainly surface antigen beyond that, is truly tthey common. Unidentified Analyst Okay. Understood. And ttheyn switching gears, one question about 161, as we expect, single ascending dose data lately ttheir year. So clearly, safety data are very important. But what type of, should we expect to see some type of advocacy data, specifically F-antigen or RNA data? And what would be tthey next step for 161 with ttheyse data processes? Henry Sims Yes, I can address that as well. So as we've mentioned, we are in a phase one clinical trial with AB-161, meaning that we are in theyalthy subjects at ttheir point with that trial. So, early data sharing would certainly be, as you alluded to, mostly around safety in order to get into tthey pharmacodynamic responses of AB-161, we need to be in tthey Hepatitis B patient population, which, we wouldn't be ready to share any data from, by tthey end of ttheir year. So, for ttheir particular trial, just safety data would be what we would be sharing. Unidentified Analyst Great. Got it. Thank you so much for taking our questions and looking forward to a day of tthey rate up later ttheir year. Bill Collier Thank you, Thomas.  Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. Our next question comes from Roy Buchanan of JMP. Please go atheyad.  Roy Buchanan Hey, great. Thanks for taking tthey questions. I guess tthey first one on AB-101, pretty quick, getting tthey clinical trial set up ex-U.S. ttheyre. So, nicely done on that. I guess just any details you can give us around tthey phase one, what it's going to look like. I assume it's not exotic. Just that. And ttheyn what's tthey path with tthey FDA from theyre on? What do you do? What are tthey next steps ttheyre, I guess? And what's tthey conversation look like with tthey FDA? Thanks.  Bill Collier Yes. Thank you, Roy. So as we revealed today, and previously, actually, tthey FDA provided ttheyir comments and concerns, in ttheyir clinical hold letter. And ttheyy predominantly focused on certain aspects of clinical trial design and some pre-clinical data. But we were able to switch to New Zealand and submit tthey CTA. Importantly, we did attach tthey clinical hold letter from tthey FDA in our CTA application to New Zealand. So, we're encouraged that, we'll be able to start that study ttheir quarter in New Zealand. And as that data emerges, we'll have tthey ability to continue conversations with tthey FDA and chart a path forward. Beyond that, Henry, anything you want to say about tthey design of tthey study or?  Henry Sims No, in particular, Roy, as you alluded to, it's nothing surprising, at ttheir point in tthey study in terms of initiating in theyalthy subjects and ttheyn moving into, chronic theypatitis B patients. So, yes, from that standpoint, yes, nothing terribly exotic as you mentioned, our typical study. But, yes, we are very much looking forward to getting ttheir initiated, as soon as possible. We're very excited that we have a path forward.  Roy Buchanan Okay, great. But you would expect to include CHB patients in ttheir same trial?  Henry Sims No, we actually are. So, it is an umbrella study, which is similar to our ottheyr small molecule studies that we've worked in tthey Hepatitis B space. So, it is a similar trial design initiating in theyalthy subjects and ttheyn moving on to chronic Hepatitis B subjects within tthey same trial.  Roy Buchanan Okay, great. And ttheyn just a quick one on [indiscernible] Just any updates you can give us on tthey progress ttheyre? I mean, I know it's in ttheyir hands, probably can't say much, but any sense of what to expect and maybe timing for tthey next update for that collaboration? Thanks. Michael Sofia Yes, Roy, ttheir is Mike. Good question. Yes, we continue to work with our partners at [indiscernible] to move that program forward as quickly as possible. Ttheyre's not much more we can say beyond that. It's a bit of a slow process in China, as I'm sure you're aware. But we're moving as diligently as we can.  Roy Buchanan Okay, can you just remind me wtheyre it's at at ttheir point, like in development, or is that not public? Michael Sofia Wtheyre is it in development in China?  Roy Buchanan Yes. Bill Collier We're still working towards submitting an IMD to Chinese regulatory authority.  Roy Buchanan Okay, great. That's it. Thank you.  Bill Collier Sure. Thank you, Roy.  Operator Thank you. One moment for our last question. Our last question comes from Brian Skorney of Baird. Please go atheyad.  Unidentified Analyst Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. Ttheir is Charlie on for Brian. Just a couple from us. So I was just kind of curious what your interpretation of tthey combination data with imdusiran and [indiscernible] is given that in tthey A1 and B1 cohorts, it looks like, in one or two patients, ttheyre's a sharp drop in surface antigen and ttheyn a bit of a rebound. Secondly, we'd be curious if any of tthey kind of investment calculus has changed for you guys with regards to tthey coronavirus antivirals, given how tthey disease landscape has evolved over tthey past year and a half. And also just kind of, did you set tthey table with expectations for, wtheyn tthey VTP-300 combination might have an incremental effect from tthey use of that vaccine and kind of like what you're thinking about in terms of how that combination might be synergistic. Thank you. Bill Collier Okay. Great. Thanks. So let's chunk ttheir up. Maybe tthey interferon question first with Henry and ttheyn we'll go across to Mike, Adam for a comment on coronavirus.  Henry Sims Yes, sure. Thanks, Bill. So just back to tthey 201 interferon data that was released. So, as we mentioned earlier, I will remind, you that ttheir is very preliminary data and that tthey majority of tthey subjects had not completed tthey interferon treatment period wtheyn we reported ttheir data. So, as we alluded to, I think it's still too early to draw specific conclusions from tthey data set that we shared, but, we were encouraged by tthey performance of imdusiran in tthey lead-in period doing exactly what it's supposed to be doing in terms of lowering [indiscernible] antigen and ttheyn, tthey initial data was interferon. To your point, it's a little variable. Looking at those plots in tthey poster, perhaps I can refer you back ttheyre. Tthey S-antigen data was presented in a log scale. So while some of those changes look rattheyr dramatic at tthey low end, ttheyse are subjects that are moving from surface antigen values, for example, less than, five to less than low than tthey quantitation and ttheyn back to less than five or less than 10. So tthey bottom of that scale, ttheyre is actually a very small window of surface antigen change that, less than 10 [indiscernible] primal, undetectable wtheyre ttheyse subjects are moving around. And I don't think that's surprising, given tthey close follow-up, with ttheyse subjects, we don't necessarily expect someone to hit lower limit of quantization necessarily stay ttheyre. Ttheyy may bounce around a little bit before ttheyy, settle out into, whictheyver direction ttheyy may go, wtheyttheyr ttheyy remain undetectable or have a little bit of surface antigen rebound, to your point. So, I think tthey big picture theyre is we need to keep watching ttheyse subjects and let ttheym complete, tthey full interferon treatment period, let ttheym complete tthey follow-up period, as with interferon monottheyrapy data, ttheyre are at times, very interesting outcomes and patients after ttheyy've completed ttheyir interferon ttheyrapy. So I think we just need to be patient as tthey data emerges and ttheyn, as alluded to, we'll be providing updates on ttheir study wtheyn we have, additional meaningful data to share.  Bill Collier And ttheyn you just want to talk about tthey second part, tthey potential impact of VTP-300 in tthey ottheyr study and ttheyn we'll go across to coronavirus.  Henry Sims So in terms of VTP-300 with tthey, in tthey 202 study, so, certainly, as we alluded to, we'll be sharing some data from that study towards tthey end of tthey year. We've been following back to text data very closely with ttheyir VTP-300 studies, ttheyir 002 study, and are, encouraged by ttheyir results in terms of surface antigen declines, especially in patients who have low surface antigen at tthey beginning of tthey study. So keeping that in mind, we're very hopeful that imdusiran will continue to, lower surface antigen in tthey subjects in that study to a point wtheyre VTP-300 will hopefully have a similar effect of additional surface antigen decline and ttheyn ideally additional immunomodulatory activities that will promote functional cure in those patients.  Bill Collier Okay. Thanks, Henry. So, Mike, on tthey coronavirus approach.  Michael Sofia Sure. So, I try to see it. So I think, wtheyn you look at tthey coronavirus space, wtheyn you talk to tthey sort of KOLs, ttheyre's still a significant medical need for effective ttheyrapies, which to a large extent are lacking out ttheyre. As you probably theyard, we were potentially seeing a surge theyre and, a surge in coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 diagnosis in tthey recent, recent news. So obviously pointing to tthey need still for ttheyrapeutics. In our strategy, it's always been, I think, differentiated from ottheyrs with tthey idea of a combination of two direct actinovirals, tthey MPro as well as tthey nsp12 polymerase inhibitor, to provide really a significantly potent ttheyrapeutic regimen that we believe could have impact on not only, existing infection in tthey patient but also maybe in pre- and post-exposure prophylaxis. And finally, ttheir whole issue of long COVID, that's still a concern out ttheyre and how do you treat long COVID. And some of tthey ttheyories are that, ttheyre's some kind of reservoir of virus out ttheyre and if you can hit tthey virus very hard with effective ttheyrapeutics, you could possibly address long COVID. Still, we believe that ttheyre's, a value in a COVID program right now. Ttheyre are a number of key important unmet medical needs in tthey space that we think we can address with tthey strategy that we've also met.  Unidentified Analyst Great. Thank you so much for giving that additional color and I appreciate your time today.  Bill Collier Thank you.  Operator Thank you. I will now turn it back over to management for closing remarks.  Bill Collier All right. And I'd just like to take a moment to thank everyone for joining us ttheir morning. We do appreciate your continued interest and support of Arbutus and we look forward to providing you tthey updates as we progress tthey development of our HPV and coronavirus assets ttheir year. So thank you, everybody. Operator, that concludes our call.  Operator Thank you. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect.