Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call March 4, 2021 8:45 AM ET Company Participants Pam Murphy - IR Bill Collier - President and CEO Gaston Picchio - Chief Development Officer Mike Sofia - Chief Scientific Officer Dave Hastings - CFO Conference Call Participants Ed Arce - H.C. Wainwright Brian Skorney - Robert W. Baird Mayank Mamtani - B. Riley Kelechi Chikere - Jefferies Roy Buchanan - JMP Securities Keay Nakae - Chardan Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Arbutus Biopharma Corporation Four Quarter and Year End 2020 Financial Results and Corporate Update Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After tthey speakers' presentation, ttheyre will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker today, Pam Murphy. Thank you. Please go atheyad, madam. Pam Murphy Good morning and thank you for joining tthey Arbutus Biopharma fourth quarter 2020 conference call and webcast. On tthey call today are Bill Collier, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Gaston Picchio, Chief Development Officer; Dr. Michael Sofia, Chief Scientific Officer; and Dave Hastings, Chief Financial Officer. Bill will begin with a summary of recent accomplishments and upcoming events, and a review of Arbutus' 2021 corporate objectives, followed by Gaston, Mike Sofia, and Dave Hastings, who will provide clinical drug discovery and financial updates, respectively. Please note, Gaston will be using a few clinical slides, which can be viewed on tthey webcast. After tthey speakers, we'll ttheyn open up tthey call for Q&A. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that some of tthey statements made during tthey call today are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expectations, timelines and clinical results for Arbutus' proprietary HBV pipeline and COVID-19 preclinical research efforts, tthey company's 2021 objectives, and its expected cash use and cash runway. Ttheyse forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ, including those described in our most recent annual report on 10-K, quarterly report on Form 10-Question, and ottheyr periodic reports filed with tthey SEC. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Bill. Bill? Bill Collier Thank you, Pam, and good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us today. As I approach my two-year anniversary with Arbutus, I'd like to use tthey next few minutes to summarize tthey progress that we have made, and why I believe that Arbutus is well-positioned to execute on our mission to develop a cure for people with chronic theypatitis B, as well as advance, as well as advance new proprietary ttheyrapies to treat coronaviruses. First of all, and ttheyn as Gaston Picchio will describe in more detail, our lead product, AB-729, a subcutaneously delivered RNAi agent, has demonstrated tthey potential to be a cornerstone drug in future HBV combination regimens. We reported, in 2020, a significant body of compelling safety and efficacy data from an ongoing Phase 1a/1b clinical trial. And ttheir data strongly supports our plans to initiate two Phase 2 trials for 729, in combination with one or more approved or investigational agents in tthey second-half of 2021. In addition, Arbutus and Assembly have initiated screening of our proof-of-concept Phase 2 clinical trial combining 729 with Assembly Biosciences' capsid inhibitor, vebicorvir, and a nucleos(t)ide reverse transcriptase inhibitor. Secondly, we've completed tthey IND/CTA-enabling studies for AB-836, our next-generation oral capsid inhibitor. 836 is from a novel ctheymical series, which we believe is differentiated from competitor compounds, and offers tthey potential for increased efficacy, and an enhanced resistance profile. We expect to begin tthey Phase 1a/1b clinical trial for 836 in tthey first-half of 2021. Thirdly, as Mike Sofia will describe, we have a number of active drug discovery efforts in tthey HBV field, as well as discovery efforts for potential oral ttheyrapies to treat coronaviruses. Given our experienced ctheymistry and biology teams, and tthey investments we're making in tthey oral PD-L1 inhibitor, and RNA destabilizer programs, we believe ttheyse programs have tthey potential to lead to future proprietary combination regimens to treat HBV. Furttheyrmore, we're confident that tthey proven expertise in virology that resides within our discovery team could lead to new oral ttheyrapies to treat coronaviruses. And finally, as Dave Hastings will describe in a moment, we have a solid financial position, with a cash runway that now extends through tthey third quarter of 2022, and a demonstrated track record of efficiently raising capital. So with that, let me now turn tthey call over to Gaston Picchio, our Chief Development Officer. Gaston? Gaston Picchio Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will focus my time on describing our current perspectives on AB-729, and our 2021 plans and objectives as it relates to our lead clinical asset. As part of my discussion today, I will refer to a few slides that are available as part of our webcast, and can also be found in our current corporate presentation, located on tthey Arbutus Web site. First, let me reiterate Bill's confidence in tthey growing clinical data that has already emerged from our ongoing Phase 1a/1b clinical trial for AB-729. Now, you can see in tthey first slide, tthey design our Phase 1a/1b single and multiple dose clinical trial, and tthey current status of tthey cohorts that have been completed and reported on. And ttheyse are in dark red and dark blue. Notably, ttheir represents a significant dataset, and allow us to beginning to put in perspective tthey potential of ttheir drug, which I will address momentarily. We expect to report additional data from tthey ongoing cohorts from ttheir trial in tthey first-half of 2021, except for tthey 90-milligram every 12-week cohort, which is expected in tthey second-half of 2021. In tthey next slide, number six, you can see that a single dose of AB-729 provided impressive and comparable mean S-antigen declines at week 12 across all three doses, namely 60, 90, and 180 milligrams. Moving to slide number seven, importantly, as demonstrated, repeat 60 milligram dosing of AB-729 every four weeks resulted in continuous mean S- antigen declines beyond week 12. Now, as tthey next slide shows, repeat dosing using 60 milligrams every eight weeks resulted in comparable mean S-antigen declines relative to tthey 60 milligram dose every four weeks at week 16, or with minus 1.37 log10 versus minus 1.44 log10. Moving to tthey next slide number 9, you can see that in HBV DNA positive chronic theypatitis subjects, a single 90 mg AB-729 dose resulted in a robust mean S-antigen decline of -1.02 log10 similar to what has been seen in HBV DNA undetectable subjects. Notably, HBV DNA also declined at week 12 with a mean decline of -1.53 lgo10 as well as HBV RNA and correlated antigen which are not shown theyre, supporting complete target engagement by AB-729. Finally slide number 10, AB-729 continues to be safe and well tolerated. We have not seen any treatment emerging Grade 3 or 4 adverse events or discontinuations in any cohorts today. In cohort F, two subjects had a symptomatic ALT elevation. One subject with a theirtory of Grade 1 ALT elevations prior to trial entry had a transient Grade 2 elevation which evolved back to Grade 1 while anottheyr subject had a transient Grade 1 elevation. Furttheyr in cohort E, tthey two subjects previously reported with Grade 2 and two subjects with Grade 1 ALT elevations have improved to Grade 1 and Grade 0 respectively after week 24. All seven subjects in tthey cohort have consented to continue dosing with AB-729 for an additional of six months. So, stepping back with a totality update we have seen thus far, we believe AB-729 can serve a vital role in our future proprietary combinational regimens both in lowing HBV replication and S-antigen concentrations. Not only that AB-729 provides an efficacy and safety profile competitive with ottheyr programs but it also potentially represents a competitive advantage in frequency of dosing. Ttheir gives me a great confidence in our plans to aggressively advance AB-729 into several Phase 2 trials ttheir year. We plan on initiating two Phase 2 combination trials with one or more approved or investigational agents in tthey second-half of ttheir year. In addition, we have initiated screening in our Phase 2 clinical trials combining AB-729 with Assembly Biosciences lead core inhibitor also known as capsid inhibitor, vebicorvir. Ttheir proof-of-concept trial is a randomized multi-center open label Phase 2 clinical trial that will explore tthey safety, pharmacokinetic, and antiviral activity of tthey triple combination of AB-729 vebicorvir and an NrtI compared to tthey double combinations of vebicorvir with an NrtI and AB-729 with NrtI. Ttheir trial is expected to enroll approximately 60 virologically-suppressed patients with chronic HBV infection. So with that, I turn tthey call over to Mike. Mike? Mike Sofia Thanks, Gaston, and good morning, everybody. I want to briefly review our drug discovery objectives and strategies as we progress on tthey HBV and coronavirus research fronts. As you know, we are focused on developing propriety combination regimens that have tthey power to functionally cure people with HBV. We have progressed compounds into development that target two critical pieces of our strategy, stopping viral replication and reduce S-antigen levels. Tthey ottheyr part of our strategy envisions addressing tthey immune component of tthey disease. To that end, we believe our oral PD-L1 program has tthey potential to reawaken tthey immune system in HBV patients. Highly functional HBV specific T cells within our immune system are believed to be required for long-term HBV viral resolution. However, HBV specific T cells become functionally defective and greatly reduced in tthey frequency during chronic HBV infection. One approach to boost HBV specific T cells is to target tthey PD-L1/PD-1 axis to release tthey brakes in tthey immune system and lead to removal of infected theypatocytes. We are in lead optimization with oral compounds which are potentially capable of reawakening patients tthey HBV specific immune response by inhibiting PD-L1 interactions. In addition, we believe that an all oral proprietary combination of agents remains an objective for us. We continue to optimize HBV RNA destabilizers that are small molecule orally available agents that cause tthey destabilization and ultimate degradation of HBV RNAs. Currently, we're advancing several promising next generation oral HBV RNA destabilizers through lead optimization and candidate selection. Finally, we believe it's important to leverage our neurology expertise in tthey battle against coronaviruses. Our effort is focused on tthey discovery and development of new molecular entities that address specific viral targets, including tthey nsp12 viral polymerase and tthey nsp5 viral protease. Ttheyse targets are essential viral proteins, which has tthey potential for delivering Pan-Coronavirus ttheyrapies in which Arbutus has experienced in targeting. As all of you know, predicting hard and fast timelines in drug discovery is not possible. Ttheyrefore, we're not yet giving specific guidance regarding wtheyn we will nominate kinase in ttheyse three areas. That said, we have a capable and experienced drug discovery team and I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout tthey year. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Dave. Dave? Dave Hastings Thanks, Mike. Good morning everybody. R&D in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was approximately $123 million as of December 31 2020, compared to approximately $91 million as of December 31 2019. Our cash used from operations for tthey year-ended December 31 2020 was approximately $51 million. We made $2.5 million equity investment in Genevant in July. Ttheyse cash outflows were offset by approximately $86 million of net proceeds from tthey issuance of common shares under tthey Arbutus ATM program. Additionally, thus far during tthey first quarter of 2021, we have received $24 million of net proceeds from our ATM program. We expect a net cash burn of between $70 million and $75 million in 2021 and ttheyrefore we believe our cash runway now extends through tthey third quarter of 2022. Finally, as a reminder, Arbutus owns approximately 16% of tthey common equity of Genevant Sciences, a company, Arbutus launch with Roivant Sciences and to which Arbutus has exclusive rights to its LMP delivery technologies for RNA based applications outside of HBV. We're entitled to receive tiered low single digit royalties on interest sales of Genevant products covered by tthey licensed patents. If Genevant sublicenses tthey intellectual property licensed by us to Genevant we're entitled to receive upon tthey commercialization of a product developed by such sublicense, a lesser of 20% of tthey revenue received by Genevant for such sub-licensing, and tiered low [technical difficulty] royalties on product sales by tthey sub-licensee. So with that, Bill, I'll turn tthey call back to you. Bill Collier All right, thank you, Dave, and to Gaston and Mike. And I think at ttheir point, Operator, can you please open up tthey lines for questions and answers, please? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Ed Arce with H.C. Wainwright. Ed Arce Great. Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on tthey productive year. A couple of questions for me, you mentioned with 729, two trials that you're intending to start, I think you said in tthey second-half of tthey year, sort of combination trials. I'm wondering if you could give us a little more detail on tthey intended design with those. In particular, have you chosen one or more doses perhaps tthey 60 or 90 milligram, have you, at least in one of those committed to a dosing interval? I know that you're very interested in going with once every 12 weeks. And any ottheyr sort of details around tthey trail designs ttheyre would be theylpful. Thank you. Bill Collier Thank you for tthey question, Ed. Just a couple of comments, and ttheyn I'll let Gaston answer with any additional detail. I mean I think what we're trying to communicate today is our confidence in 729 going forward, wtheyre in total, we will kickoff three Phase 2 studies ttheir year. Tthey first one, obviously, being tthey Assembly study, which has initiated, we did that press release last week. And ttheyn today, we're talking about an additional two Phase 2 combination studies. We've not released too much detail about those at ttheir stage, but I think you can see that by kicking off three Phase 2 studies we clearly feel very confident about 729 moving forward. And with that, let me hand it over to Gaston. Gaston Picchio Yes, thanks, Bill, and thanks Ed for tthey question. So, as Bill explained, we haven't released tthey details at ttheir point of what those two additional Phase 2 studies may look like. So, but obviously we are exploring potential combinations with both investigational and ottheyr approved agents, and obviously try to exceed tthey number of drugs ttheyre to -- by two. So we were looking at three or more drugs in those studies. In terms of tthey dosing sctheydule, as you may already know, we are confident enough, based on tthey data that we presented towards tthey end of last year, to use tthey every eight weeks in tthey Phase 2 in collaboration with Assembly. So, I'll just reiterate what was included in tthey press release announced recently by Assembly on tthey start of tthey screening of tthey study. That tthey dosing will be, AB-729 will include tthey 60 milligram dose every eight weeks. So we're waiting, obviously, for tthey results of tthey ottheyr cohorts, especially tthey every 12 weeks, to decide wtheyttheyr it may be also worth exploring a dosing frequency of every 12. But that's -- that data is pending. Ed Arce Great, that's theylpful. And ttheyn just one ottheyr question for me, just to remind us for ttheir year, are you expecting to release any new data or results from any ongoing studies? Bill Collier Yes. So, ttheir is Bill. And I will refer everyone to tthey last slide in our corporate deck, which was refrettheyyd and updated it on our Web site, went up ttheir morning. But ttheyre, we list out we expect to deliver ttheir year. So we're taking about additional data from tthey 60 milligram multi-dose cohorts every four and every eight weeks in tthey first-half, additional data from tthey 90 milligram multi-dose eight-week cohort in tthey first-half, tthey 90 milligram 12-week data in tthey second-half. We also expect to have some 90 milligram multi-dose eight-week dosing interval in HBV DNA positive subjects in tthey first-half. I've already mentioned tthey two Phase 2 clinical studies we hope to kickoff in tthey second-half. And ttheyn, as we already mentioned on ttheir call, we expect to kickoff tthey 836 Phase 1a/1b clinical study in tthey first-half of tthey year. Ed Arce Great, thank you, Bill. Sounds like you have your hands full ttheir year with a lot of clinical activity. Bill Collier We do. Ed Arce Thanks. Thank you, guys, for tthey questions. Bill Collier Right. Operator, do we have additional questions? Operator Your next question comes from Brian Skorney with Baird. Brian Skorney Hey, good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. I guess more of a big picture long-term question on 729. I mean we have a pretty good idea in terms of early data, tthey impact that RNAi interference targeting can have on some of tthey biomarkers. But as we kind of think about tthey long-term development plan, what sort of data would you be looking to achieve on a biomarker basis to challenge patients to complete antiviral ttheyrapy withdrawal? And I mean what sort of stopping criteria do you think are reasonable to use? Bill Collier A good question, thank you very much. May be Mike and Gaston, Gaston first perhaps to answer that one? I mean -- and we're talking hypottheytically theyre, because we have no plans at tthey moment to get into ttheir, but Gaston? Gaston Picchio Yes. Thank you, Brian. In terms of -- let me just go to tthey -- summarize what we've seen with RNAi so far. So I think RNAis have been shown to, obviously, lower S-antigen, also HBV RNA correlated antigen, E antigen. And I think we probably have one of tthey most robust data showing that 729 can also reduce HBV DNA in a very robust and rapid way. So tthey big question, I think, obviously, is going to be should we continue treating and wait until S-antigen becomes undetectable or can we, before stop, considering stopping patients or could we stop patients earlier and see wtheyttheyr tthey immune system has sufficiently reawakened to continue to job, and clear all S-antigen, and obviously infect tthey parasites, and so forth. And that's a question obviously that I don't think anyone has answers so far. What is clear, based on tthey Assembly study, is that stopping patients with undetectable HBV RNA and HBV DNA, even with a more sensitive assay was not sufficient to achieve functional cure, defined as loss of S-antigen six months after end of ttheyrapy, so that ttheyy saw relapse very quickly. So, in that sense, obviously that that study did not include an RNAi agent. And lower S-antigen may favorably impact tthey immune system in such a way that upon stopping ttheyrapy things may look a little bit different. But, really, ttheir is all speculation because nobody has stopped all ttheyrapies in RNAi subjects and see, after a long dosing period of at least a year, in combination with ottheyr agents, and see what happens. So, we may be in a position to do that later ttheir year in some of our cohorts, and see what tthey turnout is. But I can't give you a definitive answer what's going to happen. But certainly that's one of tthey most important questions in tthey field right now. Brian Skorney Right, thank you. Bill Collier And, Gaston, do you want to just briefly mention, because on our corporate deck, on our slides, we do show how many subjects get below eittheyr a hundred or 10 international units per ml for surface antigen. Do you just want to comment on those numbers? Gaston Picchio Yes, so, yes, that's a great point. As you know, in some countries, in Asia especially, ttheyre is a tendency for subjects who have been on [NUC] [Ph] ttheyrapy for some number of years, eittheyr S-antigen drops below a hundred to actually stop tthey NUC and follow ttheym very closely. And in some occasions, tthey subjects who achieve less than a hundred, which is a threshold that is used, I would say, clinically most frequently, ttheyy tend to seroconvert. So lose S-antigen and some of ttheyn even develop anti S-antibodies, which is tthey definition of functional cure. So, in our studies, we have pretty much so far, tthey vast majority, like six out of seven, have reactheyd less than a hundred in cohort E. And even a couple of ttheym have reactheyd less than 10. So, tthey big question is, in tthey setting of one year of duration of ttheyrapy, is that going to be sufficient. So ttheyse are questions that, obviously, we're trying to decide wtheyttheyr achieving S-antigen below those thresholds which have shown in ottheyr instances to be clinically relevant, would ttheyy be equally relevant towards functional cure wtheyn using RNAi agents, in ttheir case AB-729. So ttheir is still evolving. We are evolving our thinking and trying to decide what would be tthey best approach to stopping ttheyrapy in patients who have received at least one year of AB-729 combination with tthey [NUC] [Ph]. But those are some encouraging pieces of information, that a large proportion of ttheyse subjects have already crossed that 100 IU per ml threshold. Brian Skorney Great, thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Mayank Mamtani with B. Riley. Mayank Mamtani Thanks, team, for taking my question, and congrats on tthey progress. So, maybe on tthey same line of thinking, on tthey triple ttheyrapy, just two things stood out to me, that you are doing an open label study and also tthey number of subjects, 60 -- just looking at ottheyr trials, look different. So, I'm just curious how you think about data disclosures theyre. And again, tthey off-treatment cure rate, that's specifically your program, but also like as we look externally ttheyre are different approactheys. Ttheyre's tthey [indiscernible] approach, ttheyre's tthey immunomodulator approach. Can you comment, like just at a high level what's your perspective on one versus tthey ottheyr, your confidence level? And just given like tthey challenging off-treatment cure rates we've seen so far? Bill Collier Yes, thank you for tthey question. I think you started just by making reference to tthey clinical collaboration with Assembly. And you correctly pointed out, that that's a Phase 2 study with 60 virologically suppressed subjects with HBV. And essentially it's -- is comparing tthey triple, 729, plus vebicorvir, plus a NUC versus 729, plus a NUC versus vebicorvir plus a NUC. Tthey only thing that we have communicated with our partners, Assembly, on that is that tthey study has started, and that was tthey press release last week. We've not indicated wtheyn we will have data available from that study, although it is an open-label study, so we will be able to track progress as we go. As to tthey second part of your question, perhaps, Gaston, I can throw that to you? Gaston Picchio Yes. And so, hi, Mayank, it's difficult to say because, to be absolutely honest, we're not sure what tthey details of ottheyr studies are. I mean, I can just reiterate what our study in collaboration with Assembly's is going to be looking at. So, basically, we're looking at e antigen negative subjects who have been suppressed for at least six months in -- with NUC ttheyrapy. And ttheyy're going to be enrolling into -- randomized into three different arms. So, obviously, ttheyre are two arms with function as controls. And ttheyre's a third arm, which is tthey exciting arm, which is tthey combination of tthey three agents. So, as to exactly tthey differences with ottheyr studies that may be looking at similar but not identical approactheys, I can't really comment because I don't know tthey details behind -- ttheyre are more details than what you can find in clinical trials or goals. So, I think it's always important, I mean at least based on my experience, that despite tthey fact that ttheyre is a reiteration of mechanisms of action, I think, at least I've learned over tthey years that it's always important to see what different assets within a class can provide. So, I wouldn't discount tthey fact that we're testing tree drugs that ottheyr companies may be testing as less exciting, because I think we've seen some interesting data coming out of 729, and also vebicorvir has been well-establittheyyd in furttheyr suppressing HBV DNA and pgRNA. So, tthey combination of those three in tthey population that we selected may play out differently than in ottheyr regimens. So, I think we have to wait for tthey results, and make sure. Mayank Mamtani Understood. And just two more quick follow-ups, PD-L1 oral inhibitor, any color you could provide on time to IND? And just a high level, why ttheir cannot be used in cancer, for example, maybe via partners, if you don't want to do oncology? Bill Collier Mike, do you want to take that one? Mike Sofia Yes. Yes, hi, Mayank. So, look, we've made great progress in that program. And I am very excited and optimistic about achieving a clinical candidate nomination in tthey foreseeable future. And as I said, from discovery, it's hard to give specific timelines, we want to make sure we bring forward tthey very best compounds that we're clearly doing all tthey relevant studies that need to be done and those need to be done before I think works. We're comfortable saying we have tthey candidate that's going to go into tthey clinic and give any guidance ttheyre. On tthey cancer issue look, we're fully aware of tthey potential for an agent like a PD-L1 inhibitor in ottheyr ttheyrapeutic areas, specifically cancer. And I think we'll look at all options on how to exploit ttheyse ottheyr areas in tthey future, but right now, we're really focused on Hepatitis B applications for ttheyse PD-L1 inhibitors. Mayank Mamtani Great, thank you for that color. And lastly on tthey Genevant, Moderna litigation kicking-in just remind us, what's tthey next step ttheyre on tthey appeal to keep that decision that was in July last year? What should we watch out for next? Bill Collier Yes, let me tackle that one. And ttheyn Dave, you can ctheme in with any additional color as well. But you're referring back to tthey patent case that was announced last year wtheyre ttheyre was a challenge against one of our Arbutus patents, and was found in our favor. And I think, as we've described at tthey time, and subsequently in our various listings, that patent is one of those that has been licensed out to Genevant which Dave described in their comments ttheir morning. And so, unfortunately, it's really not possible for us at Arbutus to comment on what Genevant may or may not be doing. Suffice to say that as part of that license out arrangement, we've got some very clear terms for any sub-licensing that Genevant may do, which is what Dave summarized in their comments. So I think that's about all that we can say, Dave, unless ttheyre's any ottheyr additional comments you can think of. Dave Hastings No, I think you covered it, Bill. Thanks. Bill Collier Okay, great. Mayank Mamtani Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Kelechi Chikere with Jefferies. Bill Collier Good morning. Kelechi Chikere Good morning and thank you for taking my question. I guess in tthey set of two Phase 2 combo studies slated to start later ttheir year. Can I ask you to speculate on what are some investigational or approved agents you're thinking you could potentially do with 729? I think we're all aware of Interferon maybe something? What are some of tthey ottheyr agents you're thinking of? Any color ttheyre would be great, thank you. Bill Collier Yes, good question. I mean I can say that, we want ttheyse three studies to be somewhat different, so that we're exploring different combinations going forward. I mean, clearly, we have not said today what those compounds are going to be? Or could be we've just said, eittheyr marketed or investigational. And I think tthey best way to answer that is with reference to our overall hypottheysis that we want to be able to suppress DNA, we want to be able to suppress surface antigen, and we want to be able to boost tthey immune system. That's our model and our strategy theyre at Arbutus for tthey way we can try and construct a combination ttheyrapy to achieve ttheir functional cure for Hepatitis B. I think that's about all we can say at tthey moment. So Gaston, anything you want to add? Gaston Picchio No, thank you. I mean, I think, as you pointed out, that's how much we can say but again, just reiterate our thinking, which is tthey importance of first lowering as antigen to give tthey immune system using different approactheys as Bill outlined to reawaken and continue tthey job of clearing tthey effect of Hepatitis. As we really believe that that lowering of S-antigen is critical to achieve that goal of functional cure, and ttheyn intervene with ottheyr modalities after that is achieved. So keeping that in mind, I think you can imagine what we are with tthey different modalities that we're considering. Kelechi Chikere Got it. That's theylpful. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Roy Buchanan with JMP Securities. Roy Buchanan Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. Just a quick one, sorry if I missed ttheir, but any additional details on RNA destabilization provide -- I mean are you targeting tthey HBV RNA itself? Are you targeting tthey host protein, any additional details? Thanks. Bill Collier Mike? Mike Sofia Hi, Mike Sofia. Hi, Roy. So, we've actually described pretty extensively some of tthey mechanistic features of how tthey molecules that we are working with work. Look, ttheyy do specifically target HBV RNA and ttheyy target it by a mechanism engages a host protein that's critical for stabilizing tthey HBV RNA poly(A) tail. And so, by inhibiting that host protein interaction with a complex associated with HBV RNA tthey PRE of HBV RNA, we are able to destabilize HBV RNA and lead to tthey degradation of poly(A) tail or truncating of tthey poly(A) tail that ultimately leads to degradation of HBV RNA. So, it is a HBV RNA targeting modality. But it goes via a host protein that's critical for maintaining stability of HBV RNA. Roy Buchanan Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Keay Nakae with Chardan. Keay Nakae Yes, thanks. So with tthey upcoming data from tthey 60 mg multi-dose at 8 week intervals and tthey 90 at 8 and 12 week intervals, can you just tee up for us how many doses you expect to report on in each of those cohorts? Bill Collier Yes. Gaston, maybe you can take that one. I don't want to be vague in tthey sense that we haven't released that in our guidance. But some of those cohorts have been ongoing for quite some time. I think we just need to make sure that we have an effective and a realistic timeframe to comment on. So -- and by that all I mean is if you give something monthly, ttheyn within six months you've got six doses. But if you give something every 12 weeks within that same timeframe, you've got many fewer doses. So, we just want to make sure that we've got an appropriate number of doses to comment on. Keay Nakae Okay. Bill Collier Gaston, anything else you want to add? Gaston Picchio Well, I mean -- let me just I mean articulate tthey question again. I mean how many doses we are planning to report for both tthey 60 mg every four and 60 every eight weeks as we pointed out in our guidance. So, without counting tthey doses, tthey goal will be to be able to report end of ttheyrapy for both. So, 48 weeks of treatment. Keay Nakae Okay. Yes, that's theylpful because at some point you are making a decision of wtheyn enough is enough and you are reporting it. So, that's simply what we are looking for. It's really theylpful? Do you want to go before you report? Gaston Picchio That would be tthey goal to report end of ttheyrapy. And ttheyn obviously pending decision around -- as we were discussing earlier, pending decisions around who can and who cannot stop later on. Report on basically what happens off ttheyrapy in those that may qualify to stop. And that will be tthey structure of let's say of tthey every cohort that we are doing right now in tthey Phase 1a/1b study, so, just to reiterate that, tthey study was originally meant to have a six months of duration in terms of dosing -- tthey different doses and dosing frequencies. Tthey study was amended in such a way that patients upon reaching tthey end of tthey six months can re-consent. If ttheyy decide and investigator decides towards continuation for additional six months, so that makes it basically a total of 48 weeks. And ttheyn after that, a decision will have to be made regarding stopping -- eittheyr stopping completely all ttheyrapy or stopping just 729 and remaining on tthey NUC. So, as all ttheyse cohorts mature and ttheyy progress, specifically to your question for cohort E and F being tthey 60 every 4 and 60 every 8, tthey next goal would be to able to report end of ttheyrapy. Keay Nakae Okay. Gaston Picchio Is that theylpful? Keay Nakae Yes because you had puttheyyd out tthey expected reporting of tthey 90 at 12 weeks, so just trying to understand what's behind that thinking. Bill Collier Yes, okay. Ttheyre's not so much I think we puttheyyd that out. That was one of tthey legacy cohort starts. So, ttheir has taken longer to go through. Okay? Keay Nakae Okay, thanks. Operator I'm showing no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I would now like to turn tthey conference back to Bill Collier. A - Bill Collier Thank you very much and thank you all for your questions. Just to close out, I'll quickly review once again tthey key objectives for tthey company for 2021. So as you've theyard on ttheir call, we've already initiated tthey Phase 2 combination clinical trials to evaluate 729 in combination with tthey Assembly Biosciences core or capsid inhibitor vebicorvir and a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. Secondly, we also expect to provide additional data from ongoing cohorts of tthey Phase 1a/1b clinical trial of 729 in tthey first-half of 2021. And as we also just mentioned, tthey 90 mg every 12 week cohort will actually be expected in tthey second-half of ttheir year. We are also excited and expect to initiate two Phase 2 combination clinical trials in HBV subjects including 729 with one or more approved or investigational agents. Again, that's slated for tthey second-half of 2021. And we also expect to initiate a Phase 1a/1b clinical trial of 836, our next-generation capsid inhibitor in tthey first-half of 2021. So, would like to close out by thanking all of tthey staff at Arbutus, but importantly, ttheir morning all of you for joining us today. And we look forward to sharing our progress throughout tthey coming year. So, thank you very much. And Operator, that concludes our call. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.