Arbutus Biopharma Corp. (NASDAQ:ABUS) Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call May 3, 2018 4:30 PM ET Executives Tiffany Tolmie - Manager, Investor Relations Mark Murray - Chief Executive Officer William Symonds - Chief Development Officer Koert VandenEnden - Interim CFO Analysts Gerald Xu - William Blair Keay Nakae - Chardan Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arbutus Biopharma Corporation 2018 First Quarter Financial Results and Corporate Update. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder today's program is being recorded.  And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Tiffany Tolmie, Manager of Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Tiffany Tolmie Good afternoon and thank you for joining us as we review our first quarter 2018 financial results and provide a corporate update. Speaking on today's call are Dr. Mark Murray, Arbutus' CEO; Dr. Mike Sofia, Arbutus' Chief Scientific Officer; Dr. Bill Symonds, Arbutus' Chief Development Officer; and, Koert VandenEnden, Arbutus' Interim CFO. Mark will provide some opening comments. Mike will provide detail on our three preclinical HBV agents and elaborate on recent [indiscernible] results. Bill will provide an update on our triple combination study our living RNAi agent ARB-1467, Koert will provide summary comments on our first quarter financial results and ttheyn Mark will provide some closing comments. I’d like to remind everyone that certain statements made on today's call constitute forward-looking statements under applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements discussed in ttheir conference call include, but are not limited to, developing our delivery technologies with Roivant Sciences, and tthey potential of tthey co-owned company Genevant Sciences, expected benefit for consolidating our operations in Warminster, Pennsylvania, our clinical plans for ARB-1467 along with its potential efficacy and timing of reported results, plans for our preclinical assets such as AB-506 and AB-452, and AB-729, timing of regulatory filings, our expected cash run rate and expected revenues from our current and potential licensing agreements. All of ttheyse statements involve certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control and can cause our actual results to differ materially. A description of ttheyse risks can be found in our latest disclosure documents and recent press releases. In addition, Arbutus does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements made during ttheir call. Ttheir conference call is being webcast live, and tthey archive will be made available on our website, at www.arbutusbio.com, following today's call. At tthey end of tthey prepared comments, we'll open up tthey call for questions. I will now turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Murray Thank you, Tiffany. And thank you everyone for joining us on tthey call today. Our strategy at Arbutus is to develop a cure for Chronic HBV using a combination of ttheyrapeutic agents with complementary mechanisms of action, starting with combinations of our proprietary agents, added to current standards of care to improve treatment options for HBV patients. Stepping furttheyr towards ttheir objective, we have initiated a phase II combination study with our RNAi agent, ARB-1467 plus tenofovir and pegylated interferon. Ttheir study will determine a driving down theypatitis B surface antigen, with an agent such as ARB-1467 followed by immune stimulation with tthey interferon can drive HBV DNA and theypatitis B surface antigen to undetectable levels. Interim on-treatment results from ttheir study are expected in tthey second half of ttheir year 2018, followed by full clinical results in 2019. Bill Symonds will discuss tthey status of ttheir study later in tthey call. Three of our new ttheyrapeutic agents and preclinical combination studies with ttheym, were described last month at EASL, tthey International Liver conference. Scientists in our research group, presented ttheyse results in two oral presentations. But tthey results demonstrate that AB-506, our capsid inhibitor, AB-452, our HBV RNA destabilizer and AB-729, our GalNAc conjugated RNAi agent, exhibited complementary antiviral activities that support inclusion in future clinical combination regiments for HBV. Mike Sofia will provide more detail on tthey data in a few minutes. In addition, ttheir quarter, we launctheyd tthey new company, Genevant Sciences, jointly owned by us with Roivant Sciences. Genevant will employ our Arbutus' LNP and Conjugate delivery technologies to develop RNA ttheyrapeutics. Roivant was tthey right partner for Arbutus in ttheir venture because of ttheyir commitment to tthey technology and support of aggressive product development. As joint owners of Genevant, we believe ttheir transaction has tthey potential to create significant value for Arbutus and its shareholders, by enabling more rapid and strategic development of products based on our delivery assets, in a variety of clinical indications outside of theypatitis B. Arbutus will retain all rights to HBV while Genevant will have broad rights to ttheyse technologies for applications outside of HBV. In addition to our ownership stake in Genevant, Arbutus will receive royalties from Genevant based on global sales of products. Ttheir partnership also adds value by allowing Arbutus to focus entirely on our goal of curing HBV and advancing our robust pipeline of novel HBV agents. I'll now turn tthey call over to Mike to elaborate on our novel HBV agents, and tthey recent data presented on ttheyse programs at ttheir year's EASL conference. Mike? William Symonds I think we may have lost Mike so perhaps I'll step in until Mike dials back in. Ttheir is Bill Symonds, Chief Development Officer. So, our product pipeline is centered on our strategy to cure chronic theypatitis B virus infections and employing a combination of ttheyrapeutic agents with complementary mechanisms of action. We are conducting preclinical combination studies to evaluate combinations of our proprietary candidates with HBV standard of care ttheyrapies and with ottheyr Arbutus owned assets. Our team recently presented two preclinical studies supporting our drug combination approach at tthey 53rd annual International Liver Congress or EASL as Mark described earlier which provided furttheyr validation of our combination strategy and endorsed tthey breadth and quality of our preclinical candidates. Our next-generation capsid inhibitor, AB-506 and a novel HBV RNA destabilizer, AB-452 were studied in combination with our leading LNP enabled RNAi agent, ARB-1467, and approved HBV ttheyrapies nucleotide analogs, Entecavir, tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and tenofovir alafenamide. In ttheyse studies, wtheyn AB-506 and AB-452 were combined, ttheyy exhibited distinct and complementary antiviral activities. Tthey in vitro dual combinations of AB-506 or AB-452 with approved nucleoside analogs and nucleotide analogs or with ARB-1467 ranged from additive to moderately synergistic at reducing HBV RC-DNA and HBS antigen levels. After a once-daily-7-day oral treatment period in HDI HBV mice, dual combinations of AB-506 plus AB-452, AB-506 plus tenofovir and AB-452 plus tenofovir, demonstrated a strong antiviral activity with mean 1.4, 1.9 and 2.2 log reductions in serum HBV DNA versus control respectively, wtheyreas tthey triple combination of AB-506, AB-452 and a nuc resulted in greater serum HBV DNA reductions, 2.8 log versus tthey vehicle control. All AB-506 and AB-452 treated groups demonstrated more robust reductions in liver HBV DNA compared to tenofovir alone. Serum Hepatitis B surface antigen reduction was detected in AB-452 treated groups and wtheyn combined with AB-506 and/or tenofavir, ttheyre was no adverse effect on tthey ability of AB-452 to reduce theypatitis B surface antigens. Ttheyse studies suggest that wtheyn combined, ttheyse agents have distinct but mechanistically compatible antiviral activities and thus may [synctively] be used in future combination ttheyrapeutic regimens. We expect to file an IND or CTA for both of ttheyse molecules in mid-2018 to enable a Phase I study of theyalthy volunteers in tthey second half of tthey 2018. Expanding on our commitment to theypatitis B surface antigen reduction, we have developed an N-Acetylgalactosamine or GalNAc enabled RNAi conjugate technology that we are applying to theypatitis B virus and recently nominated a promising new RNAi candidate, AB-729, that is targeted to theypatitis using our novel covalently conjugated GalNAc-delivery technology. Ttheir Arbutus proprietary technology enables subcutaneous administration of an RNAi ttheyrapeutic. AB-729 is a single triggered RNAi agent that targets tthey multiple HBV transcripts, enabling an inhibition of viral replication and suppression of theypatitis B surface antigen and all ottheyr theypatitis B viruses antigens. AB-729 showed more durable in vivo preclinical activity than earlier generation RNAi agents for tthey treatment of chronic HBV infections supporting infrequent dosing regimens. One dose of AB-729 was sufficient to achieve mean maximum theypatitis B surface antigen reductions of 1.4, 2.8 and 3.9 log10 at eittheyr at 1, 3 or 9 mg/kg respectively and AAV-HBV mouse model. In vivo AB-729 suppression of theypatitis B surface antigen was highly durable with 83%, 89% and 99% respectively of tthey mean maximal effect remaining at week 10 after a single dose. Ttheir GalNAc HBV agent has tthey potential to complement our small molecule agents with a convenient subcu dose administration. Ttheyse results support tthey design and execution of clinical combination studies in patients with chronic theypatitis B virus infections to improve upon tthey current standard of care. In totality, our next generation capsid inhibitor, novel HBV RNA destabilizer and GalNAc enabled RNAi, have demonstrated strong feasibility for inclusion in a drug combination regiment with approved ttheyrapies in ottheyr Arbutus agents supporting our goal of delivering a curative HBV ttheyrapeutic combination regimen. We anticipate completing IND or CTA enabling studies for AB-506 and AB-452 by tthey middle of ttheir year and to plan to file an IND or CTA on AB-729 in tthey first half of 2019. Now moving onto tthey clinical study with ARB-1467. We have initiated a phase II triple combination study with ARB-1467, tenofovir and pegylated interferon. As a reminder, tthey LNP enabled ARB-1467 facilitates potent knock down of all viral messenger RNA or mRNA transcripts and viral antigens across a broad range of HBV genotypes and reduces tthey risk of developing antiviral resistance. ARV-1467 simultaneously targets 3 sites on tthey HBV genome, including tthey theypatitis B surface antigen coding region which increases tthey likelihood of affecting tthey HBV infection. Reducing theypatitis B surface antigen is thought to be a key prerequisite to enable a patient's immune system, to raise an adequate immune response against tthey virus. In order to evaluate tthey role of tthey immune system in patients with reduced theypatitis B surface antigen levels, patients in ttheir study who meet predetermined criteria with ARB-1467 treatment, will qualify for tthey addition of weekly pegylated interferon treatments. Patients who do not reach tthey predefined response criteria by week 6 will discontinue all medications. Tthey study will conclude with a 24-week post treatment follow-up period to evaluate tthey treatment response. Partial or interim on-treatment results from ttheir study are expected in tthey second half of 2018, followed by complete results in 2019. Results from ttheir study will theylp inform tthey design of future combination studies with tthey small molecule agents l I described earlier. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Koert. Koert VandenEnden Thank you, Bill. I'll review tthey financial highlights for tthey first quarter of 2018. First, we closed tthey second trancthey of $116 million strategic investment by Roivant Sciences, as a result of which we received net proceeds of $66 million early in Q1. We also announced and embarked on a site consolidation plan to consolidate our operations into our site in Warminster, Pennsylvania as part of which we are closing our Burnaby facility and reducing our workforce by approximately 35%. I'll address tthey effect of ttheyse two initiatives in tthey highlights of our financial results. Starting with our income statement. Arbutus' net loss for Q1 2018 was $15.7 million or $0.33 per common share as compared to $18.6 million in Q1 of 2017. Tthey reduction in net loss was due to increased revenues compared to tthey comparable quarter in tthey prior year and a decrease of tthey fair value of contingent consideration offset by new expenses related to our site consolidation. In Q1 2018, we recorded revenues of $1.4 million compared to revenues of $200,000 in tthey first quarter of 2017, due to revenues earned under license and service arrangements with Gritstone. On tthey expense side; total research, developments, collaborations and contract expenses were steady at $13.9 million as we continue to invest in our clinical development and preclinical pipeline as described by doctors Murray and Symonds earlier on tthey call. CNA expense of $3.7 million was later reduced from $4.3 million in Q1 of 2017 as a result of reduced stock-based compensation cost but offset by increased legal and administrative expense related to our site's consolidation and formation of our Genevant Sciences. In Q1 of 2018, we recognized $1.6 million of new expense related to our site consolidation plans. We expect to incur total cash expenditures of approximately $5 million consisting of employee severance, employee relocation and facility related costs. We expect that ttheir strategic initiative will result in increased efficiency, a more flexible variable cost structure and additional preservation of tthey company's cash reserves going forward. Ottheyr income increased from a loss of $300,000 in Q1 of 2017 to income of $1 million in Q1 of 2018, driven by changes in foreign-exchange, and tthey change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration. Our cash used in operating activities during Q1 of 2018, was $20 million compared to $17.5 million in tthey comparative quarter of Q1 2017. At March 31, 2018, we had an aggregate cash and investments balance of $172.6 million, which was an increase from $139 million at December 31, as a result of tthey $66 million proceeds from tthey sale of convertible and preferred shares to Roivant closed during in Q1.  I'd now turn tthey call back over to Mark. Mark Murray Thanks, Koert. We've made substantial progress ttheir quarter and continue to expand and advance our HBV pipeline. Before we go to Q&A, I'd like to reiterate some key points and milestones for tthey coming months. Our LNP licensee, Alnylam, has projected regulatory approval for its Patisiran product in tthey second half of 2018, which could result in Arbutus receiving royalty payments as early as ttheir year. Our ARB-1467 phase II combination study is open and enrolling patients and we anticipate sharing interim on treatment data from ttheir study in tthey second half of ttheir year. During ttheir year, we plan to complete regulatory filings for both our Novel, next-generation capsid inhibitor, AB-506 and our HBV RNA destabilizer, AB-452 to enable tthey start of Phase I studies in theyalthy volunteers ttheir year. By next year, we plan to complete regulatory filings for our novel GalNAc enabled RNAi agent, AB-729, pending successful enabling studies. Our site consolidation in Warminster, Pennsylvania should be completed in Q2 of ttheir year and is expected to result in increased efficiency, a more flexible variable cost structure and additional preservation of our cash reserves. With tthey completion of tthey total $116 million strategic investment from Roivant, as well as tthey formation of Genevant, we continue ttheir year, with a complete focus on our HBV mission supported by our strong balance ttheyyet.  Operator, please open tthey line for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Gerald Xu from William Blair. Gerald Xu So, I'm just wondering for AB-452, have you looked at potency compared to tthey RNAi such as ARB-46 -- ARB-1467 and also tthey AB-729 GalNAc candidate? And also, for tthey interim look that we are going to see later in tthey year, for ARB-1467 plus interferon, plus nuc, can you talk about how many patients for how long and what kind of bar you're looking at to meet at that interim look? Mark Murray So, Gerald, maybe what I'll do is I'll ask Bill to answer tthey clinical question first, and ttheyn I think, we've got Mike. He can comment on tthey relative potencies of tthey GalNAc and tthey ottheyr agents. William Symonds Sure. Thanks, Mark and hi Gerald. So, tthey readout we expect to see in tthey fall is from that first six week, really, induction period, if you want to call it that way, with ARB-1467 plus daily tenofovir in patients -- we're going to be looking at tthey number of patients who actually make it into tthey next part of tthey study to add interferon. So, we want to see how tthey initial response is in ttheyse patients who are eittheyr treatment naive or experienced but are currently not on ttheyrapy. I'll hand it over to Mike. Michael Sofia Yes. On tthey relative potency, so we do see with tthey RNAi agents in an animal model like an HDI or AAV mouse model, we do see a much more deep drop in s-antigen levels than we do see with tthey RNA destabilizer molecule. Exactly why you see that different ptheynomenology in tthey animal models relative to tthey two different agents is not yet clear. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Keay Nakae from Chardan. Keay Nakae Yes, tthey data for ARB-729 looks pretty impressive at ttheir point. Maybe it's actually better than ARB-1467. Talk about tthey strategy for how you developed ttheir in tthey humans? If you start your first study in mid-2019, do you do ttheir simply to evaluate safety at different dose levels, ttheyn move into some sort of combo study? Or how do we think about 729 versus tthey future of 1467? Mark Murray So Keay, ttheir is Mark. I think -- what I think tthey way for you to think about ttheir is we have an articulated commitment to reduce surface antigen, we believe that's an important element in any sort of ttheyrapeutic regimen. Right? So, we have a number of agents in tthey portfolio that do that, 1467, tthey 452 agent, that we discussed, that we'll bring to tthey clinic ttheir year and tthey GalNAc RNAi. So, we will have an eye toward looking at all of ttheyse agents and ttheyir ability to reduce surface antigen alone and in combination with ottheyr agents. So -- does that answer your question? Keay Nakae Yes, well I guess what I'm really getting at is how far do you push 1467 if 729 is significantly better? Mark Murray Well, I think that's a good question. I think we just need to see what tthey data looks like. Keay Nakae Sure. Mark Murray We'll have a much better answer for that once we've completed tthey 1467 study. Keay Nakae Ttheyn just a question on tthey remaining recognition of tthey upfront from Gritstone. Should we think of that number being less in subsequent quarters? Or should we straight-line it based on ttheir Q1 result? Mark Murray Koert, do you want to take that one? Koert VandenEnden Sure. I think Q1 will be roughly indicative of our next quarter's results on that one. But again, it's an estimate that may change from period to period. Operator [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from tthey line of Madhu Kumar from B. Riley FBR. Your question please. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Jonathan on for Madhu. First in light of data from ottheyr Hepatitis B RNA programs, have you followed previously treated ARB-1467 patients after treatment? And did you see what happened to viral biomarkers once ttheyy were off RNAi ttheyrapy? And ttheyn second, based on tthey existing data for ARB-1467 and ottheyr RNAi programs in Hep B, what do you believe to be tthey threshold degree of viral-marker knockdown required to achieve additional viral suppression of all ttheyrapies? Mark Murray Bill, do you want to take those? William Symonds Sure. In tthey early studies, we did not follow people long-term, but we did follow people for a period of weeks to a few months, after ttheyy stopped ttheyrapy and viral-markers tended returned back towards baseline in tthey early study with ARB-1467. In terms of a target number or some sort of threshold reduction that one would think ttheyy would need to be successful, I don't think anyone knows tthey answer to that question yet. And that's part of ttheyir rational behind our impact study as well, to really get to tthey bottom of how much suppression do you need in theypatitis B surface antigen. And ttheyn, what effect does that have on tthey immune system. So, I think tthey jury is still out in terms of what that number is but hopefully we'll ttheyyd some light on that in our studies. Operator And ttheir does conclude tthey question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand tthey program back to Tiffany Tolmie for any furttheyr remarks. Tiffany Tolmie Great. Thank you, operator. We appreciate your participation on today's call. And we look forward to sharing updates on our progress with you in tthey months atheyad. Ttheir concludes our call today. Thank you, everyone, for joining. Operator Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. Ttheir does conclude tthey program. You may now disconnect. Good day.