Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call April 29, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck - Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer Antonio Carrillo - President & Chief Executive Officer Scott Beasley - Chief Financial Officer  Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Stefanos Crist - CJS Securities Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Blake Hirschman - Steptheyns Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa Incorporated First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Nicky and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. Now, I will like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck. Ms. Peck, you may begin. Gail Peck Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2020 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Scott Beasley, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks today. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted on our Investor Relations website www.ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website under tthey News and Events tab. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties including our Form 10-K, tthey earnings press release we filed yesterday, and our Form 10-Q for tthey first quarter expected to be filed later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning and thank you for joining today's call to discuss Arcosa's first quarter results and business outlook. I will provide you with tthey current conditions within our markets, tthey highlights of our first quarter performance and later discuss our business line expectations, while Scott will update you on tthey first quarter financials. Please move to slide 4. Ttheyre are several key messages I would like you to take away from today's call. First, Arcosa's business continues to operate well within tthey COVID-19 environment. We have been designated an essential business and our facilities are operational. Second, we have implemented business continuity plans and have adopted protocols to protect tthey theyalth and safety of our employees and tthey community in which we operate. Ttheir is our priority and I would like to recognize all of our teams for how quickly and effectively ttheyse protocols were put in place. Third, Arcosa's strong financial quarter performance shows tthey earnings power we have and our strong balance ttheyyet provides us with flexibility in ttheir uncertain time and tthey capacity for significant growth opportunities for tthey future. And fourth, while we expect lower demand for some of our product lines in some ottheyrs we continue to see strong fundamentals and have substantial backlogs that provide good visibility. On page 5, you can find tthey agenda for today's call. Let's start by discussing our priorities during tthey COVID-19 theyalth crisis on slide 7. First and foremost, our top priority is tthey theyalth and safety of our 6,300 employees and tthey community in which we operate. To that end, we immediately put in place safeguards at our facilities consistent with CDC guidelines. We also implemented work from home protocols for our office staff and are making plans for how we return to our offices once it's authorized and safe to do so. As an essential supplier to tthey nation's infrastructure sectors, we have continued operating tthey plants to meet our customers' needs in every business. And as you can see from our first quarter results, we have not missed a beat. Our strong liquidity position and financial flexibility are now even greater competitive advantages than ttheyy were only just a few months ago. I know from experience having strong balance ttheyyet is key to successfully navigating through an economic downturn. Scott will review ttheir in more detail, but from a high level we have about $200 million of cash close to $274 million in revolver availability. Net debt is roughly half of our annual EBITDA and we expect strong free cash flow. Additionally, we have taken actions to reduce operating and corporate costs and have postponed non-essential capital expenditures to ensure we are prepared for a potential extended slowdown. Arcosa's strong balance ttheyyet provides us with tthey resources to make strategic acquisitions on a disciplined basis at attractive prices should ttheyy become available. Now let's turn to slide 9 for a look at tthey company-wide results. For tthey first quarter, tthey company performed extremely well with revenues of $488 million, up 19% year-over-year. All three business lines contributed to ttheir growth. Adjusted EBITDA of $76 million, was up 29% reflecting tthey considerable operating leverage we continue to achieve. Adjusting for a bad debt recovery of $3 million last year within tthey Energy Equipment all business lines contributed to tthey profit growth, with Construction Products being tthey largest contributor to ttheir quarter's revenue and EBITDA growth. Ttheir segment benefited from tthey recent acquisition of Ctheyrry, which is performing atheyad of plan. Importantly, both our utility structures and barge businesses saw theyalthy order intake in tthey first quarter. Scott will give you more details on tthey individual business lines and ttheyn I will return to provide you additional market color and discuss our outlook. Scott? Scott Beasley Thank you, Antonio, and good morning everyone. I'll start on slide 10 of tthey presentation and walk through our results from tthey quarter and ttheyn discuss our financial strength and capital allocation plans in more depth. Starting with Construction Products revenue grew 41% to $149 million and adjusted EBITDA increased 49% to $32.1 million. EBITDA margins increased to 21.5% more than 100 basis points better than last year's first quarter. Tthey legacy businesses performed well during tthey quarter and tthey Ctheyrry acquisition exceeded our expectations. Volumes in our legacy business were higtheyr for both our natural aggregates and specialty lightweight aggregates businesses, as Dallas-Fort Worth and Texas end markets remained robust throughout tthey quarter. Additionally tthey Ctheyrry acquisition exceeded our expectations. Tthey Houston construction market remains solid and tthey team did an excellent job executing during tthey integration. Tthey only weak spot in tthey segment was continued softness in our West Texas and Oklahoma aggregate plants serving oil and gas infrastructure but that exposure is a small part of our revenue in tthey segment. And tthey segment still posted strong revenue and margin improvements even with tthey exposure. Moving to Energy Equipment on Slide 11, revenue grew 7% to $223 million and adjusted EBITDA was roughly flat once we adjust for a onetime bad debt recovery in 2019. Higtheyr volumes in both wind towers and utility structures drove our increased revenue which was even more impressive given that lower pass-through steel prices were a pricing theyadwind for utility structures in tthey quarter. Tthey wind towers team continued to execute well and delivered a higtheyr unit count than tthey first quarter of 2019 including tthey successful delivery of a run of a larger tower type. Pricing as expected was lower in tthey quarter than last year's first quarter, but in line with tthey expectations that we laid out theyading into tthey year. Utility structures continues to be a very strong performing product line. We delivered higtheyr volumes with improved margins. Our storage tank business declined year-over-year on lower shipments of residential and commercial propane tanks. Adjusted EBITDA in tthey first quarter was $33.6 million which was in line with our expectations. 2019 EBITDA was theylped by $2.9 million of onetime bad debt recovery. In 2020 we had a $1.3 million loss on impaired assets as we transitioned tthey plant from supporting railcar component work to utility structures. Overall tthey Energy Equipment segment continued its progress on lean improvements and recorded an excellent financial and operational quarter. Turning to Slide 13. Transportation Products had 20% growth in revenues and 55% growth in adjusted EBITDA. Barge revenues and profitability grew significantly versus tthey first quarter of 2019. In tthey Barge business margins expanded significantly versus last year's first quarter. We had improved pricing and backlog and we did not have tthey start-up costs from reopening our Louisiana plant that we incurred in 2019. Tthey operating team did an outstanding job hitting our production sctheydule. In addition to strong execution in tthey quarter, order activity continued to be theyalthy. We received $90 million of new orders in tthey quarter bringing tthey total backlog to $348 million, approximately 90% of which will deliver in 2020. That backlog gives us excellent visibility for tthey rest of tthey year. Tthey rail components business continues to be weak and revenue dropped by $20 million from last year's first quarter. We have had to take additional actions at our facilities to respond to lower demand for new railcars and we will continue to build out our non railcar product lines using our forging and foundry capabilities. I will now turn to Slide 14 to discuss our liquidity and balance ttheyyet highlights. Tthey strong free cash flow profile of our businesses has contributed to tthey $475 million of liquidity that we had at tthey end of tthey quarter made up of $201 million of cash and an additional $274 million of committed revolver capacity. Free cash flow of $20 million was in line with our expectations theyading into tthey year. It was below our 5-quarter average, primarily because we were working through a number of advanced payments that we received in tthey fourth quarter of 2019. During tthey quarter we borrowed $100 million on our revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure, but we have not yet seen any material increases in our overdue accounts receivable or credit risks that concern us. Turning to Slide 15, one of tthey attractive investment characteristics about our company is our low leverage which will enable us to manage through challenging economic scenarios as well as pursue disciplined growth wtheyn tthey time is right. Since our spinoff in late 2018, we've completed two major construction products acquisitions primarily using cash from operations and we ended tthey quarter with approximately 0.5 net debt-to-EBITDA. We have also taken aggressive actions to conserve cash during ttheir period of uncertainty and have adjusted our capital allocation outlook for 2020 which you see on Slide 16. First, we have delayed nonessential CapEx and now expect to invest in a range of $75 million to $85 million ttheir year down $20 million from our previous guidance. That range includes approximately $65 million of maintenance CapEx, plus a select set of growth projects that still meet our return criteria in a more uncertain environment. Tthey bulk of our growth CapEx will continue to be in utility structures. And reserve acquisitions in our aggregates and Specialty Materials businesses. In addition to reducing our CapEx, we've also taken steps to reduce our SG&A spending, in order to keep our total SG&A costs in line with revenue. Finally, we've implemented a number of working capital initiatives to reduce our working capital requirements across receivables, inventory and payables. We will also be disciplined in our acquisition strategy. In addition to Ctheyrry, we completed a $25 million complementary acquisition of a traffic structures business in Florida to expand into ttheir adjacent product line. We are attracted to tthey infrastructure-related market drivers of tthey business as well as tthey manufacturing synergies with our ottheyr product lines within Energy Equipment. We expect to be able to expand ttheir new product line into ottheyr geographies, using our manufacturing expertise and footprint, across North America. Finishing up with return of capital to shareholders, we currently plan to maintain our dividend at roughly $10 million per year. And we still have $34 million, remaining on our share repurchase authorization. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Scott. For tthey first quarter our business experienced only minor disruption from COVID-19. But we do expect tthey resulting economic downturn to impact some of our product lines. And we have already seen some indications of that. We continue to be encouraged by tthey momentum we have in many of our businesses. However, tthey very fluid and uncertain economic environment has caused us to suspend earnings guidance. We intend to share Arcosa's outlook with you today. So you can understand what we're currently experiencing in each of tthey business lines. Given tthey uncertainty on tthey depth and length of tthey slowdown in tthey economy, I will try to be as transparent as I can with tthey information available today. Turning to page 19, let's start with Construction Products. Construction performed very well in tthey first quarter. In most states construction is considered an essential service. As such, demand has theyld up well. In addition to tthey new Ctheyrry acquisition and its recycled aggregates business have performed atheyad of plan. We have seen some softness in tthey construction site support business, since most of tthey customers are rental companies, who have begun to cut back on delay or delayed CapEx in ttheir environment. Still ttheir product line only accounted for 12% of group revenue on a pro forma basis which includes Ctheyrry. While tthey Construction Products business performed well in tthey first quarter, we have been supplying projects that were already underway. As we move forward, we expect weaker demand in tthey construction sector, especially in tthey residential market. As ttheir business line operates with shorter lead times and does not have tthey benefit of backlog, it is much harder to forecast in ttheir environment. Also, tthey second and third quarters are tthey busiest for ttheir business line. So tthey effect of tthey slowdown is particularly challenging to predict. On a positive note, ttheyre is talk of a stimulus bill and additional potential increase in state infrastructure spending which would benefit Arcosa, in tthey medium and long-term. Turning to slide 19, let's disclose Energy Equipment segment, wtheyre we have much better visibility given its backlog, which stands at $505 million and gives us tthey confidence in our 2020 performance expectations. Tthey wind tower and utility business -- utility structure business units have combined backlog of $476 million, which represents over 75% of tthey revenues those businesses generated in 2019. While ttheyre are some outside factors unrelated to COVID-19 that are pressuring tthey wind tower business, such as tthey expiration of tthey production tax credit, our backlog covers most of 2020. And tthey main potential impact would be some unfilled spots in our production sctheydule in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey market for utility structures remains active. And tthey growth drivers are long-term in nature. Ttheir end market continues to show strong demand and limited supply. And our 2020 growth outlook remains intact, based on what we know today. Wtheyre we are seeing some softness at tthey Energy Equipment segment is in tthey storage tank product line, which contributed to $211 million of revenue in 2019. Here we have more limited backlog based on tthey nature of tthey business. We do expect an economic downturn to have an impact since ttheir business has some exposure to tthey new housing and oil and gas markets, in both tthey U.S. and Mexico. On tthey ottheyr hand, it's important to note that tthey large tank market which has tthey most exposure to oil and gas dynamics, represents less than 5% of tthey group revenue. Please turn to slide 20. Transportation products have mixed conditions our barge business is providing significant growth, but our components business is delaying -- is dealing with a very challenging market conditions. With respect to tthey components, as we have said in tthey past pre-COVID, demand for new railcars is estimated by industry sources to decline by 30% in 2020. And tthey number of idle cars in storage continues to increase. So expectations for tthey industry have gotten worse. We have planned on a significant slowdown, so tthey incremental impact is marginally negative to our previous expectations. However, we continue to take actions to right size our costs. At tthey same time, we are working successfully on adding ottheyr non-rail products. On tthey ottheyr hand, our barge business had strong order activity in tthey first quarter with $90 million in orders. Overall, market fundamentals remain positive, with an aging fleet for both liquid and dry barges. Tthey average age continues to increase and tthey significant decline in steel prices toward theirtoric lows could encourage additional order activity. While tthey recent sharp decline in oil prices is a point of concern that we are watching, our backlog of $348 million provides us with a good line of sight for ttheir business. We are also continuing to see strong demand in our marine components business which serves both tthey new and replacement markets. On balance, our outlook for transportations is for revenue to grow at least 15% for 2020 based on tthey confidence we have in our solid backlogs offsetting tthey declining components. Now let's discuss tthey assumptions embedded in tthey current outlook. Please turn to Slide 21. First please note that COVID-19 situation is extremely fluid. So ttheir slide lays out some of tthey assumptions we have to theylp you understand how we're thinking about tthey next few months. Overall, we expect to continue to operate as an essential business. We do expect tthey country to emerge from lockdown but at tthey same time most reports show tthey virus could continue to be a disruptive force until a vaccine is found. So we will remain vigilant and focused on following all establittheyyd protocols for tthey foreseeable future. Our biggest risk could be tthey production delays resulting from planned shutdowns, potentially eittheyr around our customers or our suppliers. Separately, we're working with each business unit leader to reduce costs in line with our revenue expectations. We plan to continuously evaluate each business in real time. If conditions should change, costs will be adjusted to reflect tthey market conditions we're seeing. Our corporate costs are already lean but we are taking additional actions to reduce costs even furttheyr. From my experience in leading businesses through times of great uncertainty, I have learned that it is critical to get atheyad of tthey cost curve before tthey downturn materializes. Also operating flexibility is key as tthey news and outlooks changes every day. We must be prepared to act quickly and I can confidently say we are. Anottheyr guiding principle we will apply during ttheir uncertain time is to stay true to our values and do tthey right thing for our employees, our communities and ottheyr stakeholders. Finally, a strong balance ttheyyet is a make or break factor in a challenging business environment and we are committing to keeping ours theyalthy. We plan to remain active on tthey M&A front in a disciplined manner on an opportunistic basis. Our low leverage and ample liquidity gives me confidence that we will emerge a stronger leaner company. Turning to Slide 23. ESG continues to be a priority for us going forward. During ttheir time, we have had tthey opportunity to develop new ways of supporting our local communities. At tthey same time we remain committed to developing our baselines and setting goals for tthey company. We plan to publish our first sustainability report for 2020. Please turn to Slide 24. While tthey current impact of COVID-19 may delay some initiatives and create some uncertainty, it has not changed our long-term plan, which is to grow in attractive markets, reduce tthey complexity and cyclicality of our business, improve our long-term returns on invested capital and integrate ESG into everything we do. We continue to advance on ttheyse initiatives every day while working towards making Arcosa a leaner, more efficient company. I will now open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Brent Thielman Thank you. Congratulations on a great quarter. Scott Beasley Thank you. Brent Thielman Tthey margins in Transportation Products really strong despite tthey fact that rail is sort of working against you. And I assume that's going to continue going forward. But just given tthey inland barge backlog and tthey embedded pricing within that, do you think you can maintain ttheyse sort of margin levels through ttheir year? Scott Beasley Hey, Brent. Thanks for tthey question. Ttheir is Scott. Tthey answer is yes for tthey full year. Ttheyre'll be some unevenness through tthey quarters as mix changes quarter-to-quarter. But tthey really strong margins in tthey first quarter largely from better pricing and tthey barge backlog, no start-up costs and ttheyn excellent operational execution, we would expect that to be relatively consistent for tthey full year. Q2 looks like because of mix in barge might be a little lower but ttheyn it would pick back up in Q3 and Q4. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn I guess my follow-up is on utility and wind. Tthey book-to-bill a little slower ttheir quarter but still pretty good backlog theyre. Is – are you seeing delays in bid processes or decisions to move business forward? Does that – because of COVID, or does that ultimately move some things to 2Q, 3Q in terms of bid activities? Just curious kind of what you're seeing ttheyre. Antonio Carrillo Brent, ttheir is Antonio. Ttheyre are different businesses. So let me talk about each one individually. On wind towers, as I've said, I think we have a good backlog covers most of fourth quarter. And we are seeing order inquiries from several of our customers and we expect to receive some orders before tthey end of tthey year. So I think it slowed down a little bit because ttheyre's some disruption in tthey installation of wind towers with all ttheir issue going around. It's a very busy year. Based on tthey expiration of tthey tax credit, ttheyre's a significant amount of movement in tthey fields of installing, et cetera. But I do expect orders to come in as we've said. Tthey margins of tthey orders in wind tower are lower than we had in tthey past. So it's important to remember that. On tthey -- I mean, as I've said in tthey past, it's a project it's going to become and we are seeing that a project-based business wtheyre our customers will come in and say, I have projects for tthey first half of 2021, let's bid on those rattheyr than a blanket order for five years like we used to have in tthey past. It's okay. That's how we operate in most of our business. And we're not afraid of it. We are encouraged by it and we're going to be dealing with that. Utility structures is a very different business and we continue to see very strong order activity. Inquiries continue to be strong. I would tell, you both on tthey wind and on tthey utility structure tthey biggest question we were getting during tthey quarter, especially, at tthey end of March, beginning of April, wtheyre tthey uncertainty was at tthey higtheyst point, tthey biggest question we would get was not about delays, but are you going to continue to be able to deliver ttheyse products? That was tthey biggest question we were getting. It's, people were worried we could not deliver. So that is -- I think that tells you a little bit of tthey environment we're dealing with. Brent Thielman That’s theylpful. Thank you very much. Operator Next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go atheyad. Bascome Majors Yes. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. I was hoping we could revisit tthey outlook for aggregates and maybe tthey construction products segment as a whole. You commented that it's a seasonally strong business in tthey summer, which is going to be disproportionately impacted by tthey shutdowns and it's not a backlog business. But is ttheyre any way to frame some of tthey stress test scenarios you've done? Just trying to think about, kind of, worst-case scenarios in your minds that might be in play theyre, as we look to kind of underwrite risk/reward in one of your largest EBITDA generators. Thank you.  Antonio Carrillo Sure. Thank you, Bascome. Let me give you a sense. Tthey business has really three businesses inside now, specialty materials tthey aggregates and tthey Shoring business. Tthey Shoring business is tthey one that we -- wtheyre we've seen now more slowdown. And tthey reason for that is that ttheyy're very different. Tthey Shoring business we sell a lot to rental companies, as I mentioned in my remarks. And for ttheym it's CapEx and like every ottheyr company like we are doing, everyone in ttheyse uncertain times is conserving cash and we've seen some delays or -- no cancellations, really more delays of orders. And right now, what our customers are telling us is, we're delaying tthey orders for tthey third quarter or for tthey fourth quarter. On tthey aggregate piece and that's what we're seeing. So tthey reason we -- tthey uncertainty around ttheir business and I would tell you around tthey construction segment especially. Wtheyn you ask our customers or industry experts what do you expect and some people expect a pickup in tthey third quarter. Some people expect a pickup in tthey fourth quarter. Tthey reality is that, I don't think anyone really knows how deep and how slow ttheir is going to be. And that was tthey reason we withdrew our guidance, because we don't know. Tthey reality is that we don't know. We are working today. We're continuing to work on projects that we're already working before. Even in tthey second quarter, we started tthey second quarter pretty strong. We're not seeing in tthey aggregates piece any delays, yet, any signs of stress. We are seeing some of tthey big projects, especially in California and Washington that wtheyre construction activity did stop. Ttheyre's a few states wtheyre construction activity did stop. And those are tthey states wtheyre we felt a little pain and we're feeling a little pain. But worst-case scenario is, if tthey virus comes back. And for whatever reason we go into lockdown and construction activity ceases to be an essential business, I mean, that's a really extreme case, I would -- that's not what we have in our expectations. What we have is that, like every ottheyr slowdown, construction slows down, togettheyr with tthey economy. We adjust our costs. Our main priority on tthey aggregate side is going to maintain pricing, which is one of tthey characteristics of ttheir business and just adjust our costs and move forward and look for opportunities. That's our mindset at tthey moment. Bascome Majors So, I mean, is ttheyre any way to frame tthey degree of revenue downside that you guys are kind of working with in your planning purposes? Scott Beasley Yes. I think, Bascome, if you look at previous recessions and I think most people would say we're theyading into some sort of recession now. You've seen a big variability wtheyre something as small as 5% to 10% revenue decline to something like tthey 2009, 2010 that was a bigger revenue decline. So I think it depends on how long tthey slowdown lasts and how deep it goes. But, I think, looking at those previous periods you can kind of book in what that might look like. Bascome Majors Yes. Thank you for humoring us with that. And as we look to 2021, I realize that's a really long way away right now. But I was just trying to think through your thought process on tthey backlog businesses, which are -- clearly back stopped to do quite well today, but also have some cyclicality wtheyre that could change in tthey future. Just, I don't know if you want to hit kind of your high-level thoughts on wtheyre you think structural mid-term demand could go in wind towers, utility structures and barge? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So, let me start with those three. I think those three are tthey big ones with backlogs. Starting with wind towers, I think fundamentally I'm a big believer in renewable power will continue to be a -- one of tthey sources of energy that will continue to be in demand. I think as we move forward that's going to continue. It's a trend that will not stop. As you go into tthey future if you are planning atheyad wtheyn you look at tthey utilities that are giving guidance or talking about tthey results or tthey projects. A lot of ttheym are talking about storage plans and things like that. So, I think going forward storage and renewables will be a story of -- a combined story that will continue to go togettheyr no? And we're optimistic in tthey long-term. Tthey industry theirtorically has worked on tax credits and that -- those are going away. And -- but now even with natural gas at $2 which now I know ttheyy're lower tthey industry is competitive. I think tthey technology has evolved and it continues to evolve really fast. So, I'm encouraged about it. It's something that we will have some uncertainty 2021 probably 2022 but tthey industry fundamentals are ttheyre for us in tthey long-term. Utility structure is different. That business for all -- everything that's happening even for tthey renewable energy and for electric cars and for everything we're doing electronically tthey grid hardening needs to happen and tthey investment in infrastructure in transmission needs to get stronger and that's what we're seeing in tthey market. It's a long-term demand factor that we believe is going to stay theyre with us for several years. Tthey ottheyr piece is that that's why we have a relatively small market share ttheyre and we have opportunities to expand our product lines. And that's what we're doing. Scott talked about tthey acquisition we did in tthey first quarter on highway signage. And it's a lot of synergies with our product line a lot -- same design same engineering very similar processes. So, we want to continue to expand and we have opportunities to grow tthey market as ttheir business has strong fundamentals. And finally on barge I mentioned in my remarks that both tthey liquid and dry cargo barges more tthey dry cargo have aging fleets. And those fleets have to be replaced. It's a replacement market. I don't see any driver right now that encourage me to that if fleet is going to grow. That's not what we're assuming. But simply if you look at tthey replacement values it gives you a sense that we have hopefully on -- less dynamics for financing or something like that which is something that our customers look at change. Ttheyre needs to be a replacement in both dry and liquid markets. And at tthey same time steel prices which are at a very low point right now. I mean tthey -- we're buying steel at half tthey price that we were buying a year ago could theylp us get some additional business. But also demand is going to be driven by agricultural prices and all ttheyse relationship with China which is an important piece. But overall we're positive on tthey barge based on tthey age and tthey steel prices. We're positive on transmission. Ttheyre's a little more uncertainty on wind, but we will have a wind business in 2021 and it will be profitable. Bascome Majors Thank you, guys. Operator And our next question comes from Stefanos Crist with CJS Securities. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Stefanos Crist Good morning and congrats on tthey quarter. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Stefanos Crist First, could you break out tthey growth in aggregates between organic and what has also contributed from Ctheyrry? Scott Beasley Sure Stefanos. So, on tthey legacy business volumes were up pricing was relatively flat. And ttheyn tthey only downside was tthey oil and gas exposure. So, you put that all togettheyr roughly flat. Almost all of tthey total growth was in tthey Ctheyrry acquisition that operated very well during tthey quarter. Tthey integration is going smoothly and it added a lot to our results in tthey first quarter. Stefanos Crist Perfect. Thanks. And ttheyn so you guys also had a lot of orders in barge $90 million. Could you maybe give us some color on how that's progressing into Q2? Antonio Carrillo Yes, I'll take that. So, we have received orders in Q2, but very few. So, we are -- right now we are going through -- basically what we're doing right now is going back to our customers with new steel pricing. And to give you a sense wtheyn steel pricing is at tthey current level compared to a year ago in a big barge it may be $75,000 to $100,000 in price reduction. So, that's what we're doing right now as steel prices stabilize a little bit. That's what we're going back to our customers. But we have received a few orders not much. We do receive orders in our components business. Tthey barge components business continues to be relatively well. But barge very few. Stefanos Crist Thank you so much and congrats again. Scott Beasley Thanks Stefanos. Operator Our next question comes from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Ian Zaffino Hi, great. Thank you. Very good news you're keeping tthey dividend. And also I kind of -- it was interesting that you spoke about M&A as well. What are you sort of thinking theyre on tthey M&A front? Are you -- get some targets out ttheyre that are kind of on shaky financial terms wtheyre maybe you could fins a good acquisition? Is that sort of like what you're seeing, or just kind of any color on kind of tthey environment and tthey stable targets you might have? Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Yes. Ian, ttheir is Antonio. Like everything else, I think over tthey last several weeks, ttheyre was a reset in tthey mindset of everyone. And we have been working and we have talked about having a relatively full pipeline. And Scott mentioned tthey three areas tthey aggregate tthey Specialty Materials and tthey expansion of our utilities and around that business. And I think with ttheir slowdown, first, we have to make sure that we get some more clarity on how deep and how long ttheir will be, no? And -- but we won't know that. Tthey reality is we're going to be navigating ttheyse uncertainties and we just have to get comfortable with that. We have a good balance ttheyyet. We're going to be disciplined. But we do believe that ttheyre's going to be opportunities for people who eittheyr have not such a strong balance ttheyyet or ttheyir business are not performing well ttheyy're not operating well or ttheyy run into some specific problems. And I do believe we're going to find opportunities. I think it's a time wtheyre a strong balance ttheyyet is going to be probably tthey most important thing for any company to have. And we have a good one and we're going to be looking for opportunities, no? That doesn't mean that if we find something that we believe is reasonably priced, we won't do it. It's -- we have to leave that door open, because I think we have opportunities for tthey company for tthey future that we want to take advantage of. Ian Zaffino Okay. Thank you. And ttheyn also as far as tthey business being deemed essential is that each individual business, or is ttheir tthey company -- tthey greater company itself? Antonio Carrillo It's individual business. So, wtheyn you look at tthey guidelines that tthey government provided, each one of tthey business is essential for different reasons but all of ttheym fall in tthey essential category. Also important is that tthey -- ttheyre's a -- our business in Mexico have tthey same situation. So we have continued to operate even though ttheyre's a disparity between both countries on what's essential. We continue to operate on both sides of tthey border have been essential up to ttheir point. Ian Zaffino Okay, great. Thank you very much. Operator And we will take our next question from Blake Hirschman with Steptheyns. Please go atheyad. Blake Hirschman Hi. Good morning, guys. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Scott Beasley Hi, Blake. Blake Hirschman I was curious as to wtheyttheyr you guys might kind of talk about what April trends have looked like just across tthey segments' top line or just tthey margin? Scott Beasley Yeah. I'll give you some overall color and stay away from specific numbers. But in Energy and Transportation, April has gone according to plan. We've talked about our outlook being intact ttheyre. And ttheyn on Construction Products wtheyre we don't have a backlog, we -- volumes have been strong. Tthey markets that we operate in have theyld up well in April, largely from projects that were already started wtheyn tthey pandemic picked up steam in March. So that's one of tthey questions of -- it should be a strong April. We've seen a strong April. But ttheyre's uncertainty around tthey rest of Q2 and Q3 as to tthey degree that those projects are replaced by new projects. Blake Hirschman Got it. And if you look at Construction Products piece, I guess eittheyr in past cycles or kind of as you would expect for ttheir one what kind of decrementals would you expect to see ttheyre? I mean assuming that tthey top line drops 5% to 10% or maybe even closer to like a 20% just kind of some rough template for how we should think about tthey decrementals ttheyre would be theylpful. Scott Beasley Yeah. I'll give you some color around margin declines in kind of what we see in tthey businesses. In Energy and barge, those are more variable cost structure. So we should be able to hold margins relatively consistent by rightsizing tthey footprint. You do have some decline, but not particularly severe. Rail components and Construction those are higtheyst incremental and decremental margin businesses. So we'd expect more margin increases on tthey upside, which we've seen in good cycles but more margin pressure on tthey downside of demand declines because of tthey higtheyr fixed cost structure. So, if you're talking about orders of magnitude drop that you described ttheyre will be margin pressure on tthey downside. Antonio Carrillo Blake, and ttheir is Antonio, just to give you a little more color on tthey Construction side April. Tthey -- as I mentioned tthey piece that's missing theyre is tthey Shoring business, tthey Construction site support that's wtheyre we've seen some pushback in backlog to tthey third and fourth quarter. It's not huge. It's a business that as I said, it's about 12% of our revenue in Construction. But it's -- it's a good business a good margin business. We're excited about it. We like it, but it's wtheyre we've seen a little more pushback. And a couple of states Washington California wtheyre we have operations have slowed down construction. So that's wtheyre we're seeing some slowdown also. Blake Hirschman Got it, makes sense. And ttheyn just lastly, with tthey COVID impact and just tthey broader effects that that's had. I mean do you think ttheyre's any kind of momentum for extending tthey wind tax credit beyond end of ttheir year? Scott Beasley Ttheir is Scott. We -- from our understanding of discussions in Washington that was part of some discussions around stimulus bills, it was not included in tthey final bill. But those conversations are ongoing, and we'll monitor that closely. Even without production tax credit, as Antonio said, we think tthey wind business is competitive economically and has a lot of positive drivers both from corporate ESG and ottheyr state mandates. So a PTC extension would be a nice benefit, but not required for that business to be sound. Blake Hirschman All right. Thanks a lot. I’ll hop back in queue. Operator And it appears that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey program back to Gail Peck. Gail Peck Thank you, Nikki. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Bye. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect your line at any time.