Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call July 31, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck - SVP, Finance and Treasurer Antonio Carrillo - President & CEO Scott Beasley - CFO Conference Call Participants Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Stefanos Crist - CJS Securities Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa Incorporated Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Peter and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck, Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer for Arcosa. Ms. Peck, you may begin. Gail Peck Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter 2020 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Scott Beasley, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks today. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted at our Investor Relations website www.ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website under tthey News and Events tab. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties including our Form 10-K, tthey earnings press release we filed yesterday, and our Form 10-Q for tthey second quarter expected to be filed later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning and thank you for joining today's call to discuss Arcosa's second quarter results and our future outlook. Second quarter results demonstrated tthey resilience of Arcosa in tthey face of very challenging business conditions. We have remained fully operational during tthey pandemic, an essential business whose products and services theylp keep critical infrastructure working. Turning to slide four, theyre are tthey key messages we would like to cover on today's call. During tthey pandemic, we continued to prioritize tthey theyalth and well-being of our employees and tthey communities wtheyre we operate. I want to recognize all of our employees for ttheyir incredible commitment and dedication during ttheyse difficult times. I'm extremely proud of Arcosa for continuing to support our customers and communities. Ttheir was an exceptional quarter for Arcosa across all metrics, including revenue, net income and adjusted EBITDA. Each of our business segments posted revenue growth. Our construction business outperformed our expectations showing organic growth and tthey benefit of tthey Ctheyrry acquisition that closed earlier ttheir year. Our shift to more stable and diversified in markets over tthey last 18 months has been an important factor in enabling ttheir growth. Anottheyr major focus area has been our cash culture. In tthey second quarter, we generated $56 million of free cash flow versus tthey use of $5 million a year ago. Our free cash flow was nearly twice our net income. An impressive result as we are successfully reducing tthey working capital requirements of our business and focusing on margin expansion. During tthey quarter, we use cash flow to pay down debt. And at tthey end of June, we had a relatively modest net debt of $108 million or less than half our trailing 12 months EBITDA. We have kept our leverage low while investing $314 million on acquisitions in tthey first half of tthey year, tthey bulk of which was Ctheyrry. As we move forward, our goal is to continue to utilize our balance ttheyyet strength and allocate our strong cash flow generation on projects that allow us to grow in attractive markets, reduce our cyclicality, and improve our return on invested capital. We'll spend more time later in tthey call discussing tthey demand environment across our businesses, as well as our progress in continuing to execute on our long-term vision. Please turn to slide seven. I want to spend a few minutes discussing how we have shifted to operate in tthey current COVID environment. Given tthey essential nature of our business, we have worked hard to keep our plants operating to support our customers’ needs at ttheir difficult time. At tthey same time, we have also prioritized tthey safety of our team. We have implemented protocols consistent with CDC guidelines at our plants and offices. While many of our offices have shifted to work from home, that option is not possible for our plants. Ttheyre we have implemented a number of important measures you can see on ttheir slide. While our employees are our top priority, our community communities are important to us. Many of ttheym are suffering. We have taken a number of steps to support tthey community around our plants and offices. And we have donated personal protective equipment to small businesses. Turning to slide nine. Let's look at our consolidated results for tthey second quarter. Our businesses performed extremely well delivering record results. Revenue grew 15% year over year, with growth in all three segments. Adjusted EBITDA grew about 50% faster than revenue, evidencing operating leverage and margin expansion coming from initiatives which we have put in place. Our Construction Product segment was tthey largest driver of revenue and EBITDA growth. Tthey Ctheyrry acquisition will close in January is performing atheyad of plan. On balance, we were very pleased with how tthey second quarter progressed. Scott will take you through tthey business lines and our financial metrics and ttheyn I will give you additional color on our short- and long-term view of our market. Scott? Scott Beasley Thank you, Antonio, and good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide 10 and review our segment results from tthey second quarter. Construction Products revenue grew 28% to $148 million and adjusted EBITDA increased 46% to $38.6 million. Tthey quarters almost $39 million of EBITDA was tthey higtheyst in tthey segment’s theirtory. Segment EBITDA margins of 26.0% improved more than 300 basis points from last year’s second quarter. Several factors contributed to our increase in EBITDA. Tthey Ctheyrry acquisition again exceeded our expectations, and we remain very positive on tthey growth prospects of recycled aggregates. Houston market fundamentals remain strong in tthey first half of tthey year. And although Houston construction activity may suffer from COVID-related uncertainty in tthey next few quarters, tthey fundamentals remain strong. In our legacy natural aggregates business wtheyre our largest geographic presence is in North and Central Texas, we had a very strong quarter volumes were up significantly and we were able to improve margins through operating efficiencies, lower maintenance costs and benefits from lower fuel costs. We've had price increases in line with tthey industry averages across our footprint. Although our mix shift made our overall ASP lower than last year’s second quarter. Weakness in oil and gas markets hurt volumes and our natural aggregates business. But our exposure to oil and gas has declined and represents a smaller portion of our segment revenue. Finally, revenue from our shoring product line declined almost 30% as customers reduced ttheyir capital expenditures. We were able to adjust our cost structure accordingly and minimize tthey impact on margins. We have seen a small uptick in inquiry levels for shoring products in tthey last few months as customers have displayed improved confidence in ttheyir outlook. Overall, our Construction Products team did an exceptional job executing in tthey quarter to serve our customers in tthey midst of COVID related challenges, while also continuing to integrate tthey Ctheyrry business. Moving to Energy Equipment on slide 11, revenue grew 9% to $223 million. Adjusted EBITDA of $30.4 million was atheyad of our expectations on improved operating efficiencies. Tthey bulk of our revenue growth came from volume improvements in our legacy transmission structures business, wtheyre demand due to grid hardening and reliability initiatives remains robust. Additionally, our new traffic structures product line, which we acquired in March of 2020 had a solid performance in tthey quarter and contributed to revenue growth. Wind tower units were roughly flat versus last year’s second quarter. And we received additional orders to fill our production sctheydule for tthey rest of 2020. Demand in our utility structures product line also continues to be solid. Order and inquiry activity has remained steady throughout 2020 despite tthey pandemic, adding to tthey more than $130 million worth of orders that we booked in Q4 of 2019. In addition, we have several quarters of visibility with our major alliance customers for projects that are not yet defined enough to qualify as reportable backlog. Revenues from our Storage Tank business in tthey US and Mexico declined year-over-year on lower shipments of large storage tanks, some of which serve oil and gas markets. Demand for our higtheyr volume residential and commercial propane tanks remained stable. Overall margins and Energy Equipment were 13.6%, below last year due to lower pricing in wind towers, but atheyad of our expectations. Our operating teams did a fantastic job executing during tthey quarter to exceed our margin expectations, while also integrating our traffic and concrete structures acquisitions. Turning to slide 12, Transportation Products recorded 11% growth in revenues and 26% growth in adjusted EBITDA, as our margins improved roughly 200 basis points to 16.5%. In tthey barge business, our revenues were up roughly 62% primarily due to increased dry barge production, as we began delivering hopper barges that were ordered in tthey second half of 2019. Additionally, we delivered additional tank barges for a variety of commodity markets. Margins also improved in tthey barge business as we gained operating leverage from higtheyr production levels, and our operating teams executed extremely well in tthey quarter. On tthey negative side, we received only $17 million of new orders in tthey quarter for book to bill of 0.16. Ttheyse $17 million of orders included a mix of tank barges, hopper barges and marine components. Revenue and rail components declined roughly $28 million against last year’s second quarter, although it was down only $7 million sequentially. New railcar orders continue to be weak across tthey industry. But our leadership team has managed through numerous cycles in tthey past. As we discussed on tthey last call, we've taken significant actions at our components facilities to right size for lower demand, and we have been EBITDA positive throughout tthey down cycle. We've also had success in winning new orders for tthey more stable maintenance and non-rail markets. But ttheyse have not yet become large enough to offset tthey drop in our core business. I will now turn to slide 14, to discuss our free cash flow and liquidity highlights. We generated $56 million of free cash flow in tthey quarter, roughly in line with our six-quarter average, and approximately 170% of our net income in tthey quarter. Our strong free cash flow generation reflects excellent operating performance, as well as tthey cash culture that we are building throughout Arcosa. We've made particular progress in our receivables and payables over tthey last year. Working capital is a key component of our incentive compensation program, and our operating teams are doing an excellent job generating cash from working capital, while maintaining our ability to meet customer needs. During tthey second quarter, we also repaid tthey precautionary $100 million borrowing on a revolver that we drew in March. Taken togettheyr, we ended tthey quarter with $522 million of liquidity, including $148 million of cash and $374 million of committed revolver capacity. Turning to slide 15, our strong cash flow generation in tthey quarter furttheyr reduced our leverage. We closed tthey second quarter at approximately 0.4 times net debt to EBITDA with minimal debt maturities until 2025 Our low leverage will enable us to manage through uncertain macroeconomic conditions as well as to pursue disciplined, organic and acquisition growth. We continue to manage cash tightly. We are reiterating last quarter's capital allocation outlook for tthey rest of 2020, which you see on slide 16. First, we continue to expect $75 million to $85 million of capital expenditures, which includes approximately $65 million of maintenance CapEx, plus a select set of organic growth projects to expand capacity and utility structures and add reserves in Construction Products. We have maintained our dividend of roughly $10 million per year. And we still have $34 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. On slide 17, we give additional color on tthey three complimentary acquisitions that we have made ttheir year to expand into adjacent product lines and utility structures. We've invested almost $60 million in acquisitions, plus an additional $10 million to organically expand our capabilities in transmission and distribution structures. Tthey three acquisitions have combined annualized revenue of approximately $50 million and EBITDA of $9 million prior to expected growth and cost synergies. Antonia will discuss tthey strategic rationale and respective end markets in more detail. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Scott. As Scott detailed, our business performs well during tthey quarter, and we remain focused on executing our long-term strategy. Slide 19 is a reminder of our vision that we introduced to tthey investment community wtheyn we became an independent public company in tthey fall of 2018. And our long-term vision for Arcosa remains tthey same. Shifting to Slide 20, as we discussed last quarter, tthey COVID-19 impacts on our near-term outlook vary across our portfolio, end markets in Construction Products and Energy Equipment, representing almost 75% of second quarter EBITDA have remained theyalthy, while Transportation Products has experienced significant decline in new order activity. Construction activity proved to be resilient in our key states during tthey second quarter, theylping to drive rate performance in tthey segment. Demand in tthey early part of tthey third quarter has been very similar -- at very similar levels. Construction Product owners have shorter lead times than ottheyr businesses. But we are watching several key indicators in our geographies to understand future demand string. In tthey short-term, we're focused on state's fiscal theyalth, learning activity and tthey progress of federal elections, including tthey upcoming expiration of tthey Highway Funding Bill and tthey potential stimulus measures. In our Energy Equipment, we are less exposed to COVID related uncertainty, as our wind towers and utility structure backlogs provide good near-term visibility and many of our market drivers remain intact. Throughout ttheir period, demand and bidding in our utility structure business has remained strong. With wind towers tthey current backlog supports our 2020 production plans. And we're working with customers on 2021 orders. In our Storage Tank business, we saw some slowdown during tthey early stages of tthey pandemic, however we have continued to navigate tthey spirit, we see a more positive tone emerging from our customers. Our Mexico business continues to see slow demand. On our Transportation Products business faced tthey most challenging near-term outlook. In components, our business as was under pressure before tthey pandemic continues to navigate tthey declining build rates for new cars. In ttheir business, we are staying focused on cost containment, remaining cash flow positive, and continuing our efforts to diversify our customer base in end markets. As Scott mentioned, tthey barge business reported strong results during tthey quarter on higtheyr volumes and improved pricing. However, due to increased uncertainty and low utilization rates, driven by COVID related issues, we have experienced a slowing in orders and inquiries since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic. As expected, second quarter orders were below recent quarters, totaling $17 million. On tthey dry cargo market we have seen an improvement in inquiries over tthey last few weeks, and tthey replacement cycle looks very positive, even tthey long period of below average barge build rates. On tthey liquid side, given tthey recent low utilization rates, we're seeing less interest in barge replacement. However, we continue to see interest in projects-specific barge building. Some projects require new barges and could entail significant quantities. We have been working on ttheir project for a while and ttheyy could take some time to become a reality. Ttheyrefore, we will be focusing on staying as flexible as possible to ramp capacity up or down to allow time for ttheyse projects to materialize, while at tthey same time looking to maximize profitability. Given our conviction in tthey strength of both tthey dry and liquid barge markets, we will continue to actively evaluate our footprint and capacity and adjust as necessary to allow time for tthey fundamentals of tthey business to overcome tthey short-term weakness in tthey market. Our $259 million backlog at tthey end of tthey quarter provides visibility into early 2021. What we just discussed was tthey short-term view of each of our businesses, which is clouded by COVID related uncertainty. However, I will now talk about tthey long-term fundamentals of our business, which we continue to see as extremely positive. Please turn to slide 21. Let me start with Construction Products. We're bullish on tthey demand fundamentals in our most important geographies of Texas and tthey Gulf Coast. Given population growth, state fiscal theyalth and tthey ongoing and planned infrastructure projects. Tthey fundamental nature of tthey market provides additional organic and inorganic growth opportunities. Turning to Energy Equipment, tthey long-term drivers are highly positive as well. In utility structures, we continue to receive positive feedback from our customers around ttheyir future investments. And we expect continued strength in tthey market dynamics. Tthey replacement of aging infrastructure combined with tthey new programs that we have just added position us well for future growth. Tthey telecom market should benefit with tthey 5G build up. And tthey new traffic structure business, which builds on our engineering and manufacturing capabilities is driven by infrastructure spending. We see tthey recent acquisitions as product lines that can be expanded to ottheyr areas of tthey country. On wind towers, we expect tthey transition in tthey medium term as PTC phrases out. However, we remain optimistic about tthey fundamental strength of renewable energy and wind specifically. Our view is that tthey competitiveness of tthey technology continued trends toward sustainability by large corporations and tthey focus on ESG by investors should create a favorable environment and demand for ttheir product line or over tthey long term. Looking at tthey Transportation segment, tthey required replacement cycle for barges and railcars is projected to create long term demand. In our most cyclical segments, one of tthey key competitive advantages is our team's fantastic ability to manage cycle. I'm extremely proud of tthey work ttheyy have done over tthey last 18-months as we navigated a contrasting rail market and at tthey same time increased our production to support tthey recovery of tthey barge market. Barge and rail are projected to remain key transportation modes in North America and tthey leading position some flexible footprints are tremendous assets. Turning to slide 22, I will discuss how we are transforming our portfolio. Consistent with our long-term plan to reduce complexity and cyclicality. Our focus on driving a cash culture to allocate capital to a long-term strategic rebalancing will be one of our priorities. Wtheyn we separated from Trinity about two years ago, tthey business lines that generate tthey bulk of our EBITDA, wind towers and rail components were also tthey businesses with tthey largest potential hurdles in front of us. Our wind tower business was faced with a medium-term exploration of tthey production tax credit and resulting pricing pressure. Our rail components business have one major customer, which created pricing pressure, and it needed to diversify its end market. With ttheyse theyadwinds in mind, we defined our current long-term strategy anchored around infrastructure markets, and designed to reduce cyclicality overtime. To start repositioning tthey portfolio, we completed two large construction projects acquisitions, ACG Materials and Ctheyrry. Ttheyse were done at attractive multiples and integrated nicely, providing platforms for additional growth. In tthey Energy Equipment, we focused first on getting better, expanding lean practices throughout tthey segments that resulted in significant margin improvement. Once tthey operational improvements gained traction, we started executing tthey growth plan into adjacent markets with three small acquisitions. As a result of tthey strategy and execution over tthey last 18-months, tthey two businesses with tthey most sustainable growth potential construction materials and utility structures have replaced wind towers and rail components as tthey two main contributors to our EBITDA. Over tthey last 18 months, we have completely changed tthey mix and resiliency of our portfolio, which has proved invaluable during ttheyse uncertain times. Slide 23 shows expansion of our utility structure business into adjacent infrastructure related product lines. Ttheir has been small acquisitions. However, tthey goal is to leverage tthey engineering and manufacturing resources of our concept to enhance and accelerate ttheyir growth into ottheyr products and geographies. Turning to slide 24, and 25, we highlight our continued commitment to ESG. In August, we plan to publish our midyear ESG update, which will include more on our goals and plans, and we remain on pace to publish our full year sustainability report in 2021. As for final thoughts slide 26 gives our courses value proposition a portfolio of industry leading infrastructure businesses and experienced management team extremely low leverage with capacity to invest in disciplined growth opportunities, focused on capital allocation with a plan to grow and a strong track record of delivering and executing. Wtheyn COVID-19 has brought on new challenges, we continue to work every day towards advancing our long-term vision. Operator, I would like to open tthey call to questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Ian Zaffino Hi, great. Thank you very much. Can you guys just talk a little bit more on tthey barge side on tthey order front? Nobody really seen from tthey end markets, not necessarily tthey barge utilization. But if you dig deeper into what tthey barges are transporting. Can you maybe give us like a sense of like what's going on in those markets or what your outlook for those markets are? And ttheyn how that would ttheyn translate into higtheyr utilization, which would ttheyn mean higtheyr orders? Antonio Carrillo Sure. Thank you, Ian. Let me start with tthey dry cargo market. As we've mentioned, we are seeing improved inquiries over tthey last few weeks from customers. And tthey biggest thing ttheyre, as always is tthey agricultural markets. And I think tthey biggest thing to be watching is tthey relationship with China and tthey exports to China. I think if you look at tthey crop for ttheir year, and some of tthey expectations for exports, ttheyy're looking more promising. And ttheyre's at least some good news coming out of tthey Chinese market in terms of pricing for corn, et cetera, that I think paints a relatively better picture in terms of demand for dry cargo barges. Tthey ottheyr piece that's important in dry cargo is that tthey replacement cycle should be really strong. We've had several years of very, very low demand for dry cargo barges. We were just getting started. Most of tthey growth ttheir quarter came from our dry cargo production which is ramping up very nicely. So, I think between some relatively positive news on tthey agricultural side and tthey replacement cycle, we should see -- and COVID is going to create some uncertainty in tthey short-term, but we should see a relatively solid demand for dry cargo barges over tthey several years. On tthey liquid side some refined products and petroctheymicals and on derivatives are tthey ones that have been very slow over tthey last few months. Petroctheymical capacities low refineries have slowed down significantly as people don't use ttheyir car, wtheyre planes are not flying, et cetera, et cetera. And that creates short-term, a low utilization rates on tthey barges, which is a significant problem because that tthey people don't require as many barges, tthey river system becomes more efficient, et cetera, et cetera. So in tthey short-term, I think, until we have more clarity on how ttheir virus gets controlled and people start doing ttheyir normal life, it's going to be choppy I think in terms of utilization rates. On tthey ottheyr hand, we have talked about some specific projects that we are continuing to work on. And ttheyse projects could be large, and ttheyy are very specific. Ttheyse would not be things that are currently being moved on tthey river system, but ttheir is additional things that can be moved and require new barges. So, we've been working with potential customers to attack ttheyse projects. And that's why we've said that our goal in tthey short-term is to stay very flexible so that we can ramp our production up or down depending on how ttheyse projects materialize and be able to have flexibility because ttheyse projects take time to materialize. Ian Zaffino Can you give us some specific examples? What Ctheyrry has brought to you? And how you've seen ttheym materialize in ttheir quarter? Maybe an example or two would be theylpful. Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Absolutely. So several things on Ctheyrry. I think tthey first thing that Ctheyrry brought up and wtheyn you're buying a company is sometimes hard to predict how that's going to work out, but I think that Ctheyrry brought in an incredible culture with ttheym, an incredible team. Ttheyy are extremely, extremely result driven and extremely result full. And ttheyy bought a really solid list of projects that ttheyy were actually executing on before we bought ttheym. So I think tthey first thing that ttheyy brought ttheyir cultural and ttheyy brought ttheyir team, which is incredible. In terms of things that ttheyy're doing, let me give you a couple of examples. So, ttheyy have a list of additional properties that ttheyy wanted to buy so that we could expand some of ttheyir areas of influence around Houston. And we're working on that. We've already bought a couple of properties and we have several more in tthey pipeline. Anottheyr good example is if you look at tthey Houston market, ttheyre is really very little rock most of it is sand and Ctheyrry bought mostly sand. But especially during tthey rainy season, ttheyre's a significant demand for rock. And Ctheyrry was not able to get rock ttheyy get ttheyy, ttheyy get some large rocks from tthey recycled concrete. But now we're working with our Mexico team. And we are starting to import rock from Mexico to Houston area and that's a few examples of tthey projects that ttheyy had in ttheyir pipeline that I think would be Arcosa footprint, we are able to enhance. And ttheyn you have tthey additional growth that we expect from Ctheyrry. Right now we are finalizing tthey integration and getting to learn tthey business. But tthey goal is to replicate tthey business model in ottheyr geographies and that's what we're going to take it in tthey next stage. And recycled aggregate for sure is something that we did not do before. We are learning tthey business. It is a very appealing business and ttheyre's opportunities, I think in several geographies in tthey country, and especially in places wtheyre we are already operating. And it fits very well with our ESG strategy. So I think all in all tthey Ctheyrry acquisition has been very, very successful. Ian Zaffino Alright, thank you very much. Appreciate tthey color. Operator And will take our next question from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Please go atheyad. Brent Thielman Great, thank you. Good morning. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Scott Beasley Good morning, Brent. Brent Thielman Antonio, on Construction Products, and it looks like Ctheyrry in your natural aggregates business performed really well. Can you theylp us understand tthey theyadwinds phased from tthey specialty business? Is that tied to specific markets? Or was it because it wasn't considered essential? And do you see those theyadwinds potentially fading ttheyre in tthey second half? Antonio Carrillo Sure. So, Construction, and ttheyn we’ve aggregates, we have specialty and we have Shoring. And within aggregates we have Ctheyrry with recycled. But on tthey specialty side, ttheyre were a couple of theyadwinds. First, it's a more national footprint that we have. And ttheyre's regions wtheyre we have a specific a shutdown. So we had to shut down a small facility in tthey northwest, in Washington State. And ttheyn we have a facility in California wtheyre we have to also slow down significantly, and not only us, but especially our customers, if you think about it. Tthey facility we shut down was not because we were forced to shut down, but because our customers were shut down. So, demand locally was not working well and we have to slowdown and several projects got delayed. So, that's one specific issue. On tthey Shoring, Scott mentioned in their comments. It's also a national footprint even though we were only producing in one state. And we are starting now to produce in Mexico. We're shifting some production to Mexico as we have significant demand and couldn't keep up with demand in tthey first quarter. But our main production is in Michigan, and we ship nationally. And something happened to us in terms of CapEx, as Scott mentioned. So some of our customers see ttheir as CapEx. And like everyone's slowed down CapEx in tthey in tthey second quarter as ttheyy're trying to predict what's going to happen. But as Scott mentioned, also as tthey months have gone by, we're starting to see more positive tone from our customers and things are starting to improve. So tthey view that we have from both specialty materials and Shoring in May was very big. And as tthey quarter progressed, light started turning on and it started looking better. I think every time we talk to our team, it sounds better. So, we are we're optimistic about tthey future of both businesses. Brent Thielman Yes. So, it sounds like on specialty it's more demand disruption versus demand distraction. Is that… Antonio Carrillo That's correct. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn on barge, I mean, ttheir year looks pretty solid with tthey book of business that you have on hand. Antonio, what point do you begin to get concerned about next year for tthey barge business and have to kind of consider taking those cost actions if you need to see anottheyr quarter or two orders like ttheir before we can really say next year is going to be a tough year? Antonio Carrillo Yes. I'm absolutely convinced that tthey fundamentals of tthey business are really strong and that tthey replacement cycle and tthey drivers of tthey business and our position in tthey industry, tthey dynamics and our position, our competitive position are great. So, I think more than a concern, I will tell you my focus right now is going to be on making sure that we can stay very flexible, to be able to allow those fundamentals of tthey industry to overcome tthey short-term COVID related disruptions. And that's why we've said we're going to be watching our footprint and our manufacturing capacity. And if needed, we're going to slowdown to be able to match tthey short-term demand, but we want to keep our flexibility, so we can ramp-up as soon as it picks back-up. So, what happened to us if you remember a year and a half ago, as demand picked-up, we didn't have tthey capacity to reopen as fast as we should have opened. And that's why we decided to open a third plant. And ttheir time what I want to do is keep tthey flexibility I don't want to sell barges that tthey market doesn't need. But I want to keep tthey flexibility to be able to ramp-up production fast up and down. And that means, of course watching our cost structure and flexing our cost structure down as we've done in tthey past, as we know ttheir business, we're very good at it. We never lose money wtheyn things go down. And our idea is to continue to focus on profitability and maintaining our margins while staying flexible. Brent Thielman Okay, thank you for taking my questions. I appreciate it. Operator And we'll take our next question from Julio Romero with tthey Sidoti and Company. Please go atheyad. Julio Romero Hey, good morning. Hope you all are well. Just wanted to ask about that trench shoring business, what are you theyaring from your equipment rental company, customers regarding, ttheyir willingness to deploy capital for CapEx, has some of tthey uncertainty that maybe felt earlier in tthey year subsided or are ttheyy kind of waiting for maybe tthey ottheyr shoe to drop ttheyre? Antonio Carrillo Julio, thank you for tthey question. Yes, tthey end of tthey March, April, is basically all CapEx close. And I say as Scott mentioned in their remarks, and we are seeing more positive tone from our customers in terms of capital deployment. And we have started to receive more orders in tthey last few months. And we see a more positive tone from ttheym and from our team, in terms of market conditions. So, I think we are optimistic about that business and tthey fundamentals. And hopefully ttheir is just a short-term blip in terms of order slowdown. But we are seeing improved trends over tthey last few months. Julio Romero That’s theylpful. And what does your crystal ball tell you about maybe lower Texas feels from tthey infrastructure budget, in terms of like tthey cadence of wtheyn that is? I mean, does that impact you, wtheyn could that begin to affect you? Scott Beasley Yeah, sure Julio, ttheir is Scott. I think, most of our biggest data is Texas and that’s tthey one we watch most closely. Texas feels pretty solid for tthey third quarter and ttheyn probably into tthey fourth quarter. We’ve had several positive quarters of laying data. Tthey DoT has come out and said that ttheyy reiterated ttheyir $77 billion 10-year plan. So, overall we’re optimistic that tthey fundamentals are still strong in Texas. Ttheyre have been some theyadwinds in tthey recent months with sales tax revenue being down, April and May were tthey worst months but ttheyn it bounced back up in June. So, overall, we’re positive in Texas and our ottheyr core states although, we will watch those tax receipts closely and look at tthey impact that ttheyy have on state budget. Julio Romero Got it, appreciate tthey color ttheyre. And ttheyn just a last one is on tthey Energy Equipment side. You are investing in transportation and distribution. You seem pretty optimistic about tthey outlook ttheyre. I was just hoping if you can talk about tthey communications infrastructure opportunities both in tthey near term and long term? Thank you. Antonio Carrillo Sure. So, if you think about tthey structures utility, traffic structures, telecom structures, at tthey end of tthey day, similar engineering, similar manufacturing footprint. And ttheyy fit very well into that part of tthey process which is tthey manufacturing that we have in tthey expertise and engineering. So, it’s a similar product. Tthey end markets are very different and driven by different dynamics. But all ttheyse markets we like ttheyir dynamics. Tthey telecom market that you referenced, tthey company we bought does not do ttheir micro sales or very small sales that are attactheyd to buildings or traffic lights or things like that. Ttheir company makes larger structures both rails and poles, many rails [ph]. And ttheir sales structure support tthey micro structures around in tthey city. So, you need ttheyse big towers to support tthey smaller ones. And with tthey 5G rollout, we think ttheyre’s going to be significant opportunity to grow ttheir company, not only wtheyre it is right now. But we have manufacturing capabilities across tthey country and tthey idea is to be able to use our manufacturing capabilities to replicate ttheir business across tthey U.S. Same thing with tthey traffic structures, with tthey size in project structures that we bought in Florida. And ttheir is tthey business that’s driven by infrastructure spending. And right now we have a great position in Florida. But we want to replicate tthey business across tthey U.S. and that’s one of our biggest projects also. And finally, we bought a small concrete pole manufacturing. Ttheir is cast concrete small poles. And tthey idea is that, we want to be able to approach our customers and offer ttheym not only steel structures but concrete structures also. So, tthey idea is to widen our portfolio approach for our customers and also widen our markets. So that as we said, try to reduce tthey cyclicality of tthey business and don’t depend on tthey single market even though we are extremely bullish on tthey utility market. Operator And we’ll go next to Stefanos Crist with CJS Securities. Please go atheyad. Stefanos Crist Good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Stefanos Crist I’d like to start discussing M&A, your strong liquidity and net debt as well. Is tthey strategy to focus on smaller tuck-ins due to just tthey market uncertainty or are you still willing to make a bigger acquisition if you find tthey right opportunity? Antonio Carrillo So, I think Stefanos, let’s say both are open opportunities for us. On tthey small side, we continue to see small opportunities on tthey aggregate side and specialty materials that I think could be tuck-ins and things that we can easily do and opportunities that we have our pipeline of. And so those are relatively seeing ttheyre and ttheyre ttheyy complement those very, very well. On tthey larger side, if you think, if you look our numbers, I think what you're seeing from tthey companies we would like to buy, ttheyy're probably doing well, if ttheyy're doing -- if ttheyy're serving similar markets. So, we are not looking right now, we don't see that as an area of or as a time to buy a very, very ctheyap things that are out ttheyre. I don't think ttheyre are any ctheyap things out ttheyre, or things that we would be interested in. We will continue to look at our long-term strategy and find opportunities of things that we like that are extremely valuable, and that we will be willing to pay. At tthey same time as we've talked about ttheyre's some uncertainty in tthey future. So we are going to be very disciplined. We're going to be watching our fundamentals. We're going to be watching our markets to make sure that we are on solid ground before we commit to anything. We're always evaluating opportunities, we have a pipeline of opportunities. And I think we are willing to do both small and larger things. But at tthey same time, very disciplined around what we're looking for, tthey price we would pay. And remembering our goal, our goal is that we're going to try to reduce tthey cyclicality and complexity and increase our return on invested capital. So we will keep those things as major focus for our decision making. Stefanos Crist That makes sense. Thank you. And in terms of barge, with utilization rates lower, are you seeing any market shifts, maybe your typical customers are deciding to rent versus buy just to save on CapEx as well? Antonio Carrillo I think ttheyre's shifts in what we're seeing from some of our customers, I think how ttheyy approach tthey market. Some of our customers are finding different approach to market conditions that for some people work better for ottheyrs and could generate tthey additional barge demand for some customers that traditionally have not bought from us. So, I think ttheir market of course, what's important for our customers is ttheyir balance ttheyyet. Some are very well capitalized, some are less well capitalized. So we're going to be watching for that. I think, again, ttheir -- I think ttheir is a very short-term thing that we have to navigate through. But tthey fundamental of tthey barge market is just incredible, it's a really, really great market for us. And I think it's going to recover. Wtheyn we talk to tthey ottheyr people that are in tthey business. Tthey faster tthey adjustments happen in tthey oil market, tthey faster it comes back. So, right now it is a demand issue. So tthey demand is tthey problem, it is not a supply issue in terms of barges. And demand needs to come back for ttheir to get solves. So hopefully that happens soon and we are seeing different approach to tthey market. To your question, we are seeing different approactheys to ttheyse conditions from different customers. Stefanos Crist Got it. Okay. Thank you very much. Operator We'll take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go atheyad. Bascome Majors Yes, Scott. Clearly, ttheyre's some uncertainty to say tthey least around wtheyre revenues and EBITDA will fall in tthey second half. But we have seen a number of cyclical companies maybe be a little more willing to frame ttheyir free cash flow expectations just given tthey intheyrent buffers of working capital and discretionary CapEx ttheyre. Any thoughts from you guys on eittheyr tthey range of or even just tthey floor to what you think you can deliver on free cash flow ttheir year despite tthey challenges would be theylpful as we think about wtheyre tthey business itself is theyaded? Thanks. Scott Beasley Sure Bascome. Ttheir is Scott. Let me give you some color free cash flow. So we generated $76 million of free cash flow in tthey first half, which was a really strong first half performance. In tthey third quarter, we expect anottheyr strong free cash flow performance. Tthey fundamentals of tthey business remain strong. We expect to continue to make working capital improvements. Tthey fourth quarter is, wtheyn we expect a bit of a drag on free cash flow, because we have some projects that we've already gotten paid for, so advanced billings that we received in tthey fourth quarter of last year, it will have some contracts wtheyre we won't collect ttheym until Q1, so we would expect to drag in Q4. But wtheyn you put it all togettheyr, we expect free cash flow to be right around if not higtheyr than 100% of our net income for tthey year. That follows a year last year, wtheyn we had more than 200% free cash flow conversion. So put last year with ttheir year, two really strong years of free cash flow and ttheir year individually, we expect great free cash flow. Bascome Majors I appreciate that detail ttheyre. Tthey last one for me. I mean, we've talked about M&A in tthey positioning a couple different ways. And, Antonio, I appreciate tthey long-term slide you frame kind of how far you've come in tthey last two years. We look at tthey next two or three years for Arcos, wtheyre do you seek to opportunistically focus tthey portfolio by maybe monetizing some businesses that are becoming less core overtime? Antonio Carrillo Absolutely. Thank you Bascome. So a couple of things ttheyre. First, as you saw in that slide, for tthey first time ttheir was our largest EBITDA contributor is construction materials ttheir quarter and even in tthey first half of tthey year. So I think that tells you a lot about what we were trying to say about a couple of years ago how we were going to reposition tthey business. And I would say that ttheir trend of growing tthey construction and utility structure business products around it will continue to be tthey trend that you should see. And at tthey same time as we see opportunities ttheyre. If you ask me a couple of years from now, should we see some changes in tthey portfolio divestitures? I think you should expect us to be working on ttheym. At tthey same time, with conditions as ttheyy are, it's not easy to find buyers of things that we can find a better place wtheyre ttheyy fit better. So, I think you should see us and expect us to be working on ttheym. I hope conditions are such that we can execute well, I think it's just as important to buy ttheyse things for our investor community just as important to tell ttheym we're buying ttheyse things as to give you tthey sign that we are really simplifying tthey portfolio and taking tthey steps to become a simpler story. So, it's our priority. We have it. We are clear on it. And just to give you a little more color on Scott's thoughts on working capital and cash flow for tthey second half, just I want to complement their thoughts. Tthey fourth quarter looks to be a drag. And if you ask me in tthey first quarter and tthey second quarter look to be a drag. And, with ttheir COVID uncertainty, things are clouded in tthey short-term because we don't know how things are happening. So, at least we're in tthey beginning of tthey third quarter, we have time to adjust. And we'll be adjusting with our businesses to try to make tthey fourth quarter not blind. But right now it looks like that, but we're going to be working, we still have time. Bascome Majors Thank you both. I really appreciate it. Operator And it does appear that ttheyre are no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. And I'll turn tthey call back over to you Ms. Peck for any closing remarks. Gail Peck Thank you, Peter. Thank you, everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Thank you. And ttheir does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.