Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call October 31, 2019 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck - SVP, Finance & Treasurer Antonio Carrillo - President, CEO & Director Scott Beasley - CFO Conference Call Participants Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Stefanos Crist - CJ Securities Blake Hirschman - Steptheyns Justin Bergner - G. Research Julio Romero - Sidoti Operator Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to tthey Arcosa Inc. Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Harold and I will be your conference call operator today. [Operator Instructions] Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host Gail Peck. Ms. Peck you may begin. Gail Peck Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo President and CEO; and Scott Beasley CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted at our website www.arcosa.com. You can access tthey presentation by going to tthey Events tab under tthey Investors section of tthey website. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website. Today's comments and presentation slides contains financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. reconciliations of non GAAP financial measures to tthey closest gap measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. Let me also remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company's SEC filings including its Form 10-K for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you Gail. Good morning and thank you for joining today's call to discuss Arcosa's third quarter results and business outlook. Once again we are pleased to report strong results. Demand trends remain positive across our infrastructure markets and our leadership positions in key products togettheyr with internal margin improvement programs are driving significant operating leverage. Please turn to slide four. Broadly our business has continued to perform well and we are successfully executing on tthey long-term strategy. Ttheir strong third quarter performance was led by margin improvement in tthey Energy Equipment business tthey revenue contribution from tthey ACG material acquisition and higtheyr revenue on an earnings contribution from tthey barge business. It is important to mention that all tthey activity was strong in tthey third quarter in utility structures wtheyn towers and barges. One year-to-date -- our year-to-date results give us confidence that we will achieve tthey 2019 adjusted EBITDA guidance of $230 million to $240 million with tthey likelihood that we will be at tthey upper end of ttheir range keeping in mind that we increased our -- ttheir range wtheyn we reported first half results in August. Tomorrow is tthey 1-year anniversary of Arcosa as an independent public company. We have come a long way since completing tthey spin-off last November standing up tthey organization and implementing our stage 1 priorities. Importantly as we were establishing tthey new company will define tthey culture needed to support tthey long term strategy. For tthey last 12 months, we have made significant progress in building ttheyse new culture into Oracle's more than ttheir topic later in tthey call. Now, let's turn to slide five for an overview of our causes third quarter results. revenue increased 18% year over year, representing a mix of organic and acquisition growth. operating leverage was evident by tthey 35% growth in adjusted net income and tthey 40% growth in adjusted EBITDA, more than twice our revenue growth. Scott Beasley will now provide financial review of tthey third quarter. Scott? Scott Beasley Thank you Antonio and good morning everyone. I'll walk through tthey third quarter results for each segment and ttheyn give additional color on capital allocation and liquidity. Starting on Page 6. Construction Products had an excellent quarter of revenue growth increasing 60% to $115.9 million. Our legacy aggregates and specialty businesses both had higtheyr revenue driven by strong volume growth. Weattheyr was clear for most of Q3 in our core markets and theyalthy customer demand resulted in higtheyr volumes. Additionally overall pricing was relatively flat sequentially but down a bit versus tthey stronger third quarter of 2018. Pricing in most of our markets was up versus 2018 but was lower as expected in tthey DFW market. Finally tthey ACG acquisition contributed tthey largest portion of our year-over-year revenue growth. Segment EBITDA of $26.2 million was almost $6 million higtheyr than last year. Our adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.6% was very theyalthy but was 5.6 points lower than last year. Three main factors contributed to tthey margin decline. As we have discussed over tthey last several quarters AC geez theirtoric margins are higtheyr than our Kostas overall margins, but lower than theirtoric segment margins. So ttheyre has been some expected dilution to segment margins from tthey acquisition. Additionally ACG's aggregates plants serving energy infrastructure in tthey Permian Eagle Ford and STACK basins in Texas and Oklahoma experienced volume and pricing declines related to lower drilling activity. We mentioned ttheir slowdown on our last call and it continued in tthey third quarter. Finally while revenue improved in our legacy aggregates and specialty businesses our production cost increased with some onetime start-up costs in tthey legacy business and tthey production slowdown that I mentioned in our oil and gas markets. Finishing up tthey segment our Construction Site Support business posted anottheyr solid quarter. Revenue was roughly flat but tthey team has done an excellent job improving operating efficiencies to expand our margins in that business. Overall tthey Construction Products segment continues to grow. And tthey 22.6% margin is a sign of tthey theyalthy competitive advantages that each business holds. Please turn to slide seven. Energy equipment had anottheyr strong quarter performance that combined organic revenue growth and operating margin improvements. revenue increased 6% to $210.2 million from broad base strength in tthey segment. First, our wind towers and utility structures businesses achieved higtheyr volumes than last year is our lean improvement initiatives combined with theyalthy market demand. Second we had improved pricing in our utility structures and storage tank businesses that theylped offset a portion of tthey decline in wind tower pricing that we discussed on tthey last call. We expect similar revenue in tthey segment for tthey fourth quarter. Finally despite a delay in some infrastructure projects in Mexico our business continues to outperform last year through improved commercial and operational efforts. Putting ttheir all togettheyr adjusted EBITDA was $33.5 million which was up both sequentially and versus last year's third quarter. As a reminder 2018's third quarter included an inventory write-down of $6.1 million but we still showed very theyalthy growth ttheir year even after considering last year's write-down. Looking atheyad to tthey fourth quarter we expect segment margins to decrease sequentially as we produce more of tthey lower-priced wind towers taken ttheir year and start production of a new tower type that requires additional changeovers. We expect to finish tthey year strong with full year segment margins up approximately 500 basis points versus 2018. We are very proud of tthey work that our energy equipment teams have executed on to improve margins ttheir year which should theylp offset a portion of tthey theyadwind from lower wind tower margins next year. Ttheir is a great example of our team's ability to set a clear priority and ttheyn execute against that plan. Turning to our transportation segment on slide eight. Revenues increased 11% as tthey barge business continued to scale up effectively. Our barge revenue was up 57% versus last year driven primarily by higtheyr tank barge deliveries. As we said at tthey beginning of tthey year barge revenue has increased each quarter and we expect it to increase again in tthey fourth quarter as all three of our plants reach higtheyr production levels. Revenue in our components business trended tthey ottheyr way driven by two factors. As we have stated throughout tthey year pricing on a long-term contract is lower than it was in 2018. Tthey bigger sequential change was lower volume-related to a slowdown in new railcar orders. As tthey industry backlog has declined railcar builders have begun reducing ttheyir inventories and projecting lower requirements for tthey upcoming quarters. We expect tthey slowdown to continue in tthey fourth quarter. Putting tthey ramp-up in barge togettheyr with tthey slowdown in railcar components we generated adjusted EBITDA of $15.9 million. In tthey fourth quarter we expect to have offsetting margin forces of higtheyr barge margins but lower components margins likely resulting in a roughly flat sequential margin for Q4. Given our higtheyr projected revenue in Q4 from tthey continued barge recovery we expect to have higtheyr sequential EBITDA. Please turn to slide nine. We are maintaining our EBITDA guidance and expect it to be at tthey top end of our $230 million to $240 million range. If we are able to achieve tthey top end of tthey range that would constitute more than 28% growth from 2018 including a theyalthy mix of organic growth acquisitions and margin improvements. Given tthey fourth quarter softness in our rail components business we expect to be at tthey lower end of our revenue range. Moving to slide 10. I'll walk through our year-to-date capital allocation as we continue to follow a balanced approach to allocating capital across organic investments acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders. We've invested $61 million in capital expenditures and now expect to spend between $80 million and $85 million for tthey full year. Ttheir $5 million increase at tthey top end is related to several projects we have decided to pursue to expand product lines and capacity in our utility structures and Construction Products businesses. Next we've invested approximately $31 million into acquisitions including three aggregate acquisitions in Texas and Louisiana 2 of which were completed in tthey third quarter. Finally we have repurchased $11 million of shares ttheir year plus paid $7.4 million of dividends for a total return to shareholders of $18.4 million. Closing out on slide 11 we have a very theyalthy liquidity position and tthey capacity to fund disciplined growth. We have generated $219 million of operating cash flow year-to-date leaving us with no net debt and approximately $390 million of available liquidity between our cash and unused revolver capacity. As we theyad into next year we remain focused on generating additional free cash from our businesses and ttheyn investing that cash in high-return investments that will improve our return on invested capital in tthey long term. I'll now turn tthey call back over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you Scott. Now I will provide you with furttheyr insight into market dynamics and developments at each one of tthey business segments. Please turn to slide 12. Construction Products had an active third quarter with several points worth noting. We saw theyalthy demand in tthey aggregates and Specialty Materials product lines. As we approach tthey end of 2019 and for 2020 we remain very optimistic about tthey fundamentals of our market positions our business model and regional infrastructure spending trends. While we're expecting continued softness in tthey ACG business that has exposure to tthey oil fields in Texas and Oklahoma we see a robust infrastructure environment that should create opportunities for organic volume growth and pricing improvements. On tthey M&A side we completed two bolt-on acquisitions during tthey third quarter. What's important is that we continue to see opportunities to expand tthey current platforms at relatively low multiples. It's a slow process but strong market positions take time to get built. Continuing with M&A as we approach tthey 1-year mark of owning ACG we are pleased to report that tthey business integration has gone extremely well. Tthey team has done a great job of integrating and mining ttheir business for organic and acquisition expansion opportunities. Part of tthey M&A pipeline we're working on came from tthey ACG acquisition as well as a theyalthy list of organic growth opportunities that we will be working on in 2020. So overall I'm very happy with tthey integration and opportunity that ACG has brought. And also with tthey learning curve that tthey whole organization has gone through in bringing in ttheir type of platform acquisition. At tthey moment we are quite active on tthey M&A front working through a large pipeline of potential targets in both aggregates and Specialty Materials which includes small bolt-ons and some that are more significant in size. Finally on tthey Construction segment we have realigned responsibilities in tthey business to better serve tthey market all natural aggregate operations now report under a single organization. And tthey ACG management team has taken responsibility for tthey Specialty Materials business with both continuing to report to Reid Essl. With a very focused organization in a market with favorable demand factors and significant growth opportunities I am very optimistic about ttheir segment's long-term potential. Turning to slide 13. Tthey Energy Equipment segment reported strong performance as well as robust order activity. Our backlog provides good visibility setting us up for continued progress in 2020. In utility structures we have seen an increase in quoting activity coming from grid hardening and resiliency initiatives. Also improved throughput and lean manufacturing initiatives has -- have positioned us to compete more effectively in tthey bid market. While ttheir market can be less predictable it has been extremely active of late and we have -- we are successfully competing with theyalthy margins. Between our traditional alliance work and tthey bid market we expect strong demand to continue. Tthey strength in demand and tthey improvement in operational performance give me confidence that we will continue to see progress in ttheir business. With ttheir in mind we are working on capacity expansions within our existing footprint to be able to take advantage of long-term market dynamics and increase our participation in tthey bid market. Turning to wind towers. We continue to see new order activity in advance of tthey phase-out of tthey PTC. Ttheyse orders have good margins but ttheyy are lower than tthey ones we have traditionally had in ttheir business and similar to those we took in tthey last quarter. In tthey fourth quarter we expect a more notable impact from tthey lower margin pricing. However wtheyn we look beyond tthey short-term theyadwinds our wind tower business has a very positive story. It serves an industry that has become very competitive. Renewable energy is a trend that's theyre to stay. Our plants are located in wind-rich areas. And our team is tthey best in tthey industry. Now let me talk about tthey tank business. Storage tanker activity continues to build with inquiry and order activity steady across tthey board. Our teams in tthey U.S. and Mexico have done an excellent job of improving efficiencies and increasing market shares in ttheir last year achieving a very successful turnaround of tthey business. As we look forward our 2020 view of Energy Equipment hasn't changed overall. Tthey wind power business has some theyadwinds related to pricing and foreign competition but tthey utility structure business has excelled and should be able to offset a portion of those theyadwinds. On tthey balance we continue to expect theyalthy margins in line with our public competitors. Please turn to slide 14. Tthey Transportation Products has an overall positive story to tell. In a nutttheyyll tthey barge segment continues to perform in line with our expectation but softening demand for new railcars has led to a slowdown in activity for tthey rail components business. To start with tthey negative. Tthey outlook for new railcars has weakened over tthey past three months with industry estimates suggesting railcar builds will be down 25% to 30% in 2020 which is in line with a normal replacement year. That said we have already taken actions to rightsize tthey business in tthey face of a more normalized demand. At tthey same time we will be adjusting our working capital needs over tthey next few quarters to reflect market demand. On tthey ottheyr hand we have been working hard to diversify our customer base and expand our portfolio of products and those efforts should also theylp us partially mitigate some of those reductions in rail components. In barge revenue and order activity continues to be theyalthy supporting our decision to reopen a third barge plant earlier ttheir year. In tthey third quarter we booked $92 million of orders for a 1.2 book-to-bill ratio on higtheyr revenue base. Tthey margins on our $258 million backlog for 2020 are improving. Remember that orders delivered ttheir year were taken at a weaker point in tthey cycle. We expect to exit 2019 at a more normalized production run rate with margin upside as we deliver additional orders. Worthy of note our plants have done an incredible job increasing throughput in 2019. We have gone through learning curves and investments in all tthey plants but our teams are tthey best in tthey industry at flexing up and down. Beginning with tthey fourth quarter tthey focus will shift from ramping up to increasing margin and operating leverage supported by our backlog visibility. We are particularly pleased to note that over half tthey orders we received in tthey third quarter were for dry barges. Ttheyy were also from a theyalthy mix of customers. Ttheir is tthey first time we have seen significant orders for dry barges in a long time. We are optimistic but it's still too early to tell if tthey pickup is sustainable. Of course agricultural tariffs continue to create theyadwinds. But on tthey ottheyr hand lower steel prices could make some of our customers begin tthey much-needed replacement on -- in ttheyir barge fleets. So wtheyn we put tthey whole transportation segment togettheyr we're still very positive about tthey growth outlook for 2020. On tthey one hand our components business is facing industry-wide theyadwinds. But on tthey ottheyr hand our barge outlook has improved from lower steel pricing signs of improved barge demand and our theyalthy 2020 backlog. We expect tthey segment as a whole to have significant organic growth potential in tthey quarters atheyad. Please turn to slide 15. Wtheyn we reflect on ttheir past year we are proud of tthey considerable progress we have made but we are still more excited about tthey bright and promising future. Becoming an independent company gave us tthey opportunity to develop a new corporate culture that supports our long-term strategy and resonates with employees. Let me give you some color on ttheir. To support tthey four pillars of our long-term strategy we wanted to create a culture that is focused on growth embodies an entrepreneurial spirit and which is supported by a strong ESG foundation. As a new company we also wanted to emphasize that creating a collaborative environment should be a key component of our new culture. We started with a great foundation. We brought an incredible team of people to tthey new company including existing board members with great experience in our business combined with new talent on tthey board. With ttheir foundation we have made significant process -- progress developing our new culture. On ESG we are taking a very deliberate approach. We went through a compretheynsive materiality story and determine which ESG topics are of long-term strategic importance for Arcosa and ottheyr stakeholders. At tthey moment we are in tthey process of setting tthey baseline to be able to determine goals and measure progress. I am very encouraged by tthey progress we are making on building a new culture and I'm also convinced that ttheir progress has theylped us achieve great result on our stage 1 priorities communicated during Investor Day last year. We have successfully grown Construction Products business via tthey ACG acquisition as well as several bolt-on acquisitions ttheir year. We have improved returns on tthey Energy Equipment segment. Our margin improvement tells tthey story. Our Transportation Products business has successfully ramped up production to meet increasing demand for barges. And finally a lean corporate structure has allowed us to grow tthey overall profitability in spite of tthey additional cost of being an independent public company. Please turn to slide 16. Finally let me close with a reminder of our long-term plan. To grow in businesses -- to grow our business in attractive markets wtheyre we can achieve sustainable competitive advantages to reduce over time tthey complexity and cyclicality of tthey overall business to improve long-term returns on invested capital and to integrate ESG initiatives into our long-term strategy. Our vision has not changed and our third quarter results are anottheyr step in tthey right direction. Operator I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Great, thank you. Antonio on barge you made tthey comments about theyalthy mix of dry and liquid in tthey orders. I know you've been waiting for tthey dry side to come around for a long time. I understand it's early to call kind of a sustained rebound. But any comments on tthey inquiry activity out ttheyre on tthey dry side? Is it still at elevated levels? Or any trends you can point to into tthey fourth quarter? Antonio Carrillo So -- Brent thank you for tthey question. So yes as I said we were encouraged to see not only orders but also a theyalthy mix of orders in terms of customers and which was a very -- a very good news for us. We continue to see good inquiries. As I mentioned in my remarks steel prices are I think good news for tthey barge business. I think ttheyre's still some uncertainty around tthey -- all tthey China tariffs and tthey export for grains. Tthey rates in tthey river for tthey dry cargo have not been really good over tthey last few months. So I think ttheyre is a kind of a -- some positives on tthey steel side some negatives or uncertainties around it. But overall I -- we see more and more inquiries. And just to give you a little more color we talk a lot about tthey steel prices being a catalyst for dry cargo barges. Ttheyre's a need for replacement for sure. But it's also a catalyst for liquid barges. Tthey impact on steel prices on a liquid barge is much larger than on a dry cargo barge. So overall steel prices are good news for both. We continue to see theyalthy inquiries also on tthey liquid side. So let's see -- of course tthey comparables are going to be much tougtheyr because as we ramp up our revenue tthey book-to-bill we need to be very active to be able to have a larger book-to-bill ratio. But overall we're positive on what we've done. Tthey plants have been -- done very well. We expect our plant that we opened ttheir year to become profitable in tthey fourth quarter. So overall I think it's a very positive story on our barge business. Brent Thielman Okay. And ttheyn on Construction Products. Just curious kind of how large if you can couch it tthey -- kind of tthey oil and gas or energy pieces for tthey segment and kind of what you see atheyad for that? And wtheyttheyr tthey kind of tthey remainder of tthey business can kind of overcome some of those challenges? Scott Beasley Sure Brent. Ttheir is Scott. Overall on tthey Construction Products segment tthey oil and gas exposure is not a large portion of it. If you look at tthey time of tthey ACG acquisition we said that oil and gas probably constituted about 20% of ACG's end market exposure. So as a total segment it's less than 5% to 7%. But again in a single quarter wtheyn you have a big kind of demand shift you tend to have to slow down production manage your inventories down so it tends to have an outsized impact on tthey first quarter or two. I think tthey good news is like you said we see a lot of theyalth in tthey infrastructure markets. So I think we do have tthey opportunity to potentially offset most of that slowdown with theyalthy growth in both volumes and pricing in our infrastructure markets. But it is a bit of a drag right now. Brent Thielman Okay. And just finally on Energy Equipment. I appreciate you've got 2 sort of different trends that are going on in structure -- utility structures and wind towers from a margin perspective. But it does sound like tthey utility structure bid environment and pricing has been quite a bit better. I guess two parts to that. One is that -- can that be big enough to offset wind in any given quarter with tthey trends you see in wind? And I guess as you're looking into tthey fourth quarter? Are you -- Scott are you still kind of thinking about that 12% to 13% EBITDA margin for ttheir segment? Scott Beasley Sure. Let me answer first and ttheyn Antonio can give more color on tthey overall piece. I think that sounds in tthey right ballpark. We talked about tthey second half being a few hundred basis points below tthey first half and more of that kind of downdraft will be in tthey fourth quarter. So it sounds like tthey right ballpark because we're -- in tthey fourth quarter we will be building more of tthey lower-priced towers and we had tthey changeover that we talked about. In terms of tthey ability of utility structures to offset softness in wind towers looking forward I think that's -- that would be a big offset. I think our goal is to offset as much of it as possible but given tthey size of tthey wind towers and ttheyn tthey magnitude of pricing declines that we're starting to see in tthey fourth quarter and ttheyn into next year I think offsetting tthey full amount would be a pretty tough task. Antonio Carrillo And let me just add a little more color on that. Tthey so if you look at wind towers we've had incredibly good margins over tthey last few years coming from very large backlogs that were sold several years ago in a very different environment. That's let's say tthey tough comparison. On tthey ottheyr hand if you look forward and if you look forward beyond just ttheir quarter let's say tthey whole forecasts are low let's say whole forecast for tthey wind industry have become more optimistic. As we look forward I think tthey market demand should start reflecting some of that and as you know we're also working towards an anti-dumping case against several countries. I think in terms of wind towers tthey margins we're going to see are lower than what we have but ttheyre is a good perspective in tthey future that those margins can improve. On tthey whole segment I think we're going to have very theyalthy margins. Yes wind is going to be lower than what it was. But on tthey whole tthey segment should be very positive. Operator Thank you. And we'll go next to Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Your line is open. Bascome Majors Thanks for taking my questions theyre. Just wanted to see if you could give an update on free cash? It looks like you've done about $160 million year-to-date. Any stance of wtheyre that's going to end up for full 2019? Scott Beasley Sure Bascome ttheir is Scott. I think it will be -- it should be better than that. And tthey pieces of it that we've talked about so EBITDA we said we expect to be at tthey top end of our guidance range. CapEx of $80 million to $85 million. We've said cash taxes in tthey $20 million range and ttheyn change in working capital we've generated $40 million of cash from working capital ttheir year. Year-to-date we expect to be able to hang on to most of that because tthey teams have done a really good job offsetting tthey increase in barge inventory with improvements in payables and receivables. So you put all of those togettheyr I think you're still probably in tthey $160 million to $170-plus million range for tthey year which we feel like is a really good first year free cash flow as a public company. Bascome Majors And longer term I mean you're in a quite a few businesses or few different businesses and end markets for a company of your size. Can you comment a little bit on wtheyn and why you consider selling legacy businesses as well as buying new ones? And maybe just looking out two, three, four years what's really tthey optimal portfolio to drive real shareholder value longer term? Antonio Carrillo Bascome ttheir is Antonio. Tthey -- let me start with tthey M&A side tthey buying of businesses. As I said in my remarks we have a pretty active pipeline. And we've been very clear on what we're looking for. We are growing our aggregates. We're growing our specialty materials. And we've also said we are expanding our footprint in tthey utility structure not only in terms of capacity but also product lines. If you look at our competitors ttheyy have a much broader product line than we have. So we are looking for ways to expand our product line. Those are tthey areas wtheyre we're focusing let's say deployment of cash. We have ottheyr smaller opportunities but that's tthey major areas wtheyre we're focusing. On tthey divestitures I would tell you that we don't have a clear time line for doing that. As we said wtheyn we spun off each of tthey businesses we went through a strategic analysis and making sure that we knew tthey growth opportunities. We have built a great pipeline of organic opportunities in many of our businesses. Scott talked about some additional investments we're doing on tthey organic side improving capacity opening new plants etc. But at tthey same time we realized that we understand and we are clear that tthey story is very complex. And that's why in tthey long-term strategy we say we're going to simplify and we're going to reduce tthey cyclicality of tthey company. So it will depend on market conditions and ottheyr things. But at tthey moment we are focused on growing tthey businesses and we'll know wtheyn -- M&A has a lag of its own. So we'll know wtheyn it comes. Bascome Majors Thank you for that thoughtful answer. Antonio, if I could just slip 1 more in. I mean you gave a pretty detailed rundown of tthey run rate of -- at least directionally of a lot of your businesses into 2020. Tying that all togettheyr I mean Tthey Street is looking for something like low- to mid-teens EBITDA growth next year. Does that feel unreasonable based on wtheyre you sit today? Scott Beasley Sure. Ttheir is Scott. I'll take that one. I think we're going to reserve specific revenue and EBITDA guidance for probably our February call. I think directionally Antonio gave some good color that we should see growth in Construction Products organically and through acquisition. Transportation, we should see growth as barge probably will certainly -- we hope it to overcome a slowdown in rail components. And ttheyn energy we'll see how much of tthey wind tower pricing we can offset. So we expect theyalthy growth next year. And I think you're right about that. Operator We'll take our next question from Stefanos Crist with CJ Securities. Please go atheyad. Stefanos Crist Morning guys. Congrats on tthey quarter. Can you talk a little bit more about what's driving tthey increase in dry barge demand? Is it just steel prices? Or are ttheyre ottheyr factors into that? Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Thanks. Well ttheir is Antonio. Let me -- if you look at tthey fleet age tthey reality is that ttheyre is a need for dry barges also for liquid barges but tthey need for dry barges is much larger. People -- tthey perception that because coal has been coming down so much ttheyre's excess dry barges. It's not completely accurate. Coal has -- most of tthey coal barges have been converted over tthey last years. And also tthey drive -- what really drives tthey business is grain. It's much more than coal today. If you look at tthey ton miles that tthey grain moves compared to coal is much larger. So I think that's one of tthey things that we need to realize is that tthey grain market is what's going to drive tthey volume in tthey future. That's why I'm saying that tthey tariffs are still a big uncertainty but replacement needs to happen. If you look at some of tthey conditions of some of tthey barges we've seen in tthey last few months as we toured some of tthey yards etc. ttheyy're not in good shape. So I think replacement is going to be tthey big driver. And that's why steel prices are so important. No? Stefanos Crist Yes. And ttheyn one more question. Can you talk about tthey 2 construction acquisitions during tthey quarter? Were those specialty or legacy? And is tthey pipeline leaning towards one of those as well? Antonio Carrillo Yes ttheyy were both traditional aggregates in our current platform. So that's -- wtheyn you talk about bolt-ons I would say ttheyy're more on tthey aggregate side wtheyn you talk a little -- about a little larger pieces it will be probably on tthey specialty materials. But on tthey bolt-ons we have a theyalthy pipeline of bolt-ons in tthey aggregate side especially. Operator We'll take our next question from Blake Hirschman with Steptheyns Inc. Please go atheyad. Blake Hirschman Good morning guys. Thank you, good morning, on wind towers as we look into 2020 you talk about tthey pricing and some of tthey challenges ttheyre. Can you theylp frame ttheir up a little bit more? I mean how much downside are we talking about on tthey margin front? Is it 50 bps 100 bps? Or is it much more than that? Just trying to get a little bit more clear sense. Scott Beasley Sure. Blake ttheir is Scott. What we've said about wind towers next year we expect very theyalthy volumes next year. So volume is roughly flat. We're running a very lean operation now and expect that to continue and tthey orders to fill up our plants. Pricing will be tthey delta. And what we've kind of talked about is tthey overall downside in tthey segment is probably a few hundred basis points versus ttheir year's full year average. And ttheyn looking forward to what a more normalized kind of industry-wide EBITDA margin would be. So our goal is to make up as much of that as possible with ottheyr businesses but you're still talking probably in that neighborhood of degradation in tthey segment margin. Blake Hirschman Okay, got it. Thanks for that. And ttheyn also on tthey wind towers. Is ttheyre any momentum kind of building behind any kind of extension to tthey PTC? Or is a lot of that going to depend on -- in 2020 tthey administration that ends up being in office? Antonio Carrillo Ttheir is Antonio. No ttheyre's always ttheir -- tthey possibility of a PTC being renewed. That's always on tthey table. On tthey ottheyr hand I think what's very important is that tthey wind energy is competitive on its own feet. And that's why I think tthey -- all tthey forecast look at tthey next five to 10 years with a very strong or stronger outlook than it was a year ago let's say. Tthey ottheyr thing that's changing which is very important. It's a trend that we tend never to talk about. But as companies look more into ESG and as more investors also look more into ESG companies are very focused on improving ttheyir cargo footprint etc. If you look at tthey demand for wind energy it shifted dramatically over tthey last few years. Initially it used to be all ttheyse large utilities building or developers developing large wind farms. Now a lot of tthey demand for wind power is coming from large corporate Fortune 500s and large companies especially public companies. And that's what's driving a lot of tthey demand for renewable energy. So that's a very positive trend for tthey market. Blake Hirschman Got it. And ttheyn last one on Construction kind of looking into next year it seems like ottheyrs are kind of talking about low single digit mid single-digit growth for volume and price specifically on tthey aggregate side. But let's just say that ttheir is what you end up seeing what kind of incrementals should we be thinking about on tthey margin front in that kind of growth environment? Antonio Carrillo So as Scott mentioned I think on our traditional aggregates business and legacy businesses I think that tthey volumes and tthey pricing trends that tthey ottheyr people are talking about we see tthey same thing. So I -- we're confident on that side. It should be a very good year. Tthey trends are good. Tthey spending is good. All tthey projects in tthey regions wtheyre we are really good. So we are positive on it. We do have a smaller theyadwind on tthey oil side -- oil and gas side in Texas and Oklahoma. But as Scott mentioned that's a smaller piece. I think tthey overall story is similar to what you're seeing from ottheyr people and we are very optimistic about our business going forward. And we also see good opportunities as I mentioned on tthey M&A side to continue building ttheyse bolt-ons and some larger opportunities. Blake Hirschman All right, thanks a lot, guys. Operator We'll take our next question from Justin Bergner with G. Research. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Justin Bergner Good morning, Scott. Nice quarter. Starting with Energy Equipment. As I look at sort of tthey sequential revenue over tthey course of '19 it's been pretty flat. But would you be able to sort of break down what -- how tthey underlying mix has changed between wind towers and utility towers year-to-date? Scott Beasley Sure. I'll give you some directional color on that Justin. Tthey revenue split between tthey two has not changed as much. Our wind towers have been pretty consistent in terms of revenues same with utility structures. Tthey delta has been on tthey margin side wtheyre we've been able to improve our utility structures margin as wind tower margins have declined in tthey second half a bit to offset that and keep it at a relatively flat segment margin. Justin Bergner Okay great. And ttheyn on tthey utility structures margin side. I mean I guess you were able to hold up margins in tthey third quarter versus tthey second quarter despite -- it seems like some more pressure on tthey wind pricing side. Anything that's positively surprising you in tthey third quarter versus tthey second quarter on tthey utility structures margins? And can we think of sort of tthey exit margin for tthey fourth quarter as being indicative for 2020? Antonio Carrillo So let me start with tthey -- I would say tthey soft side of tthey question which is tthey -- what sort of -- what are tthey surprises. And I don't think it's a surprise. I think it's more we are a company that has traditionally focused on long-term relationship with very large customers. And we had a very small participation in a very large portion of tthey market that's called tthey bid market. And traditionally that's a more -- less predictable market and it's normally very competitive. As we focused over tthey last year in our improvements internal improvements operational improvements our lean manufacturing processes tthey team has done an incredible job increasing throughput improving our on-time delivery etcetera. And we've been able to participate with very good economics on ttheir bid market. And tthey bid market is huge. And we really have a very small percentage of tthey market. So that's why we said we're increasing our capacity to be able to compete more effectively ttheyre. And like every ottheyr manufacturing tthey more volume you put through your plant tthey operational leverage you get is incredible. So I think it's a combination of a good market that we're participating that we have traditionally not participated and that's increasing our operational leverage. On tthey margin side I'll let Scott give you color but I think they was clear before. Scott Beasley Yes I think that's a decent -- if you look at tthey exit margin in tthey fourth quarter that's a decent starting point for wtheyre we think we'll be in 2020. Justin Bergner Okay, great. Thank you. Just quickly on tthey barge side of things I'm not sure I caught tthey fourth quarter versus third quarter progression. I guess you expect better barge margins to offset rail components margins but you still expect EBITDA to be up sequentially? Just maybe... Scott Beasley Correct. Correct Justin. So we talked about from a margin percentage perspective tthey increase in barge margins should offset tthey weakness in components margin and be able to keep that segment margin relatively flat sequentially. But we've also got tthey big step-up in barge revenue coming in tthey fourth quarter. So higtheyr barge -- higtheyr total segment revenue flat EBITDA margin should lead to higtheyr EBITDA dollars in tthey fourth quarter. We're finally past. We feel like tthey fourth quarter will be really past tthey inflection point of tthey start-up costs that we've now ttheyyd and we've talked about tthey third plant being profitable. We're finally starting to get into some of tthey better priced orders that were taken in a better pricing environment and that should continue into Q1 of next year. Justin Bergner Okay great. So I'm inferring that you don't expect a meaningful sequential step-down in steel components eittheyr for tthey barge revenue uptick? Scott Beasley No. So we are saying that we expect a step-down in components revenue for Q4 versus Q3. Tthey volumes that we expect are lower due to tthey kind of slowdown in tthey industry and tthey whole supply chain and railcar components is trying to work out tthey excess inventory and expectation of 25% to 30% lower builds next year. So we would expect lower revenue in components but as a whole transportation should be up in tthey fourth quarter. Justin Bergner Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions. Operator We'll go next to Julio Romero with Sidoti. Please go atheyad, your line is open. Julio Romero Hey, good morning everyone. So wanted to ask -- wanted to follow up on tthey 2 bolt-ons in Construction Products. Can you talk about maybe tthey oil and gas end market exposure for those bolt-ons? And maybe that end market exposure for tthey pipeline of acquisitions you're looking at? Is it notably different than what you have in eittheyr legacy aggregates or ACG? Antonio Carrillo No. Yes -- thank you for tthey question. We really don't have any oil exposure in tthey acquisitions we did. And from tthey pipeline we have no oil exposure at all. It doesn't mean we are scared of tthey oil exposure. Ttheyre's some really good -- tthey plans we have are really good. It's just a little more volatile but ttheyre's going to be opportunities eventually in those areas. And but at tthey moment we're not working on any aggregates that have oil exposure. Julio Romero Understood. And on tthey working capital guidance you're seeing a strong free cash flow conversion. DSO has ticked down sequentially. Can you give us some color ttheyre on anything notable to call out maybe that's driving that down? Scott Beasley Sure Julio. As I've said we've made some really good progress on receivables and payables. And if you look we've been able to put a lot of focus on those. And tthey real victory so far through tthey year is that we've had a big ramp-up in inventories related to tthey barge business. So tthey barge business has ramped up almost 80% year-over-year. That requires a lot of extra inventory but tthey achievements we've been able to make on tthey ottheyr two fronts have more than offset that and we generated about $40 million of working capital year-to-date. So we're pleased with that. We do feel like ttheyre's additional improvement in terms of working capital as a percent of sales but we feel like we're definitely in tthey right trend. Antonio Carrillo And let me expand on that because I think it's important. We meet every month to look at ttheir and tthey one thing that -- it's tthey softer side of tthey DSOs. But it's not only that it's dropped tthey quality and tthey strength of our receivables has become really really good. So we have good visibility and high-quality receivables. Julio Romero It's theylpful, thanks very much and best of luck in Q4. Operator It does appear that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I'll turn tthey call back over to you Ms. Peck for any closing remarks. Gail Peck Thank you, Harold. Thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir will conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.