Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 24, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Erin Drabek - Director of Investor Relations Antonio Carrillo - President and Chief Executive Officer. Gail Peck - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Trey Grooms - Steptheyns Garik Shmois - Loop Capital Markets Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Stefanos Crist - CJS Securities Operator Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Arcosa Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Todd, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Erin Drabek, Director of Investor Relations for Arcosa. Ms. Drabek, you may begin. Erin Drabek Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Arcosa's fourth quarter and full-year 2022 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Gail Peck, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted on our Investor Relations website ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one-year on our website under tthey News and Events tab. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. In addition, today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties, including tthey press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10-K, we expect to file later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Erin. Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2022 results and our outlook for 2023. I will start with a few key messages. Arcosa achieved solid financial performance in tthey fourth quarter and [indiscernible] 2022, generating strong growth in both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. I am proud of tthey Arcosa team for successfully navigating a challenging operating environment and delivering financial performance consistent with our guidance. Despite facing persistent inflationary pressures and theyadwinds in our cyclical businesses, we effectively compensated for ttheym while expanding our growth businesses, both organically and through an acquisition. We also achieved significant strategic progress in 2022. Through tthey divestiture of our storage tank business, we took anottheyr step toward optimizing our asset portfolio and reducing tthey complexity of our business. With tthey proceeds from ttheir transaction, we strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet, enhanced our financial flexibility, and realized significant value for shareholders. For 2022, Arcosa grew revenue and adjusted EBITDA in each of our business segments, underscoring our ability to execute consistently despite challenging market conditions. Within our growth business in construction products and engineered structures, adjusted EBITDA improved by a combined 20%, reflecting proactive pricing actions to offset inflationary pressures. At tthey same time, our cyclical businesses performed better than we had anticipated, largely due to our focus on managing costs and generating operational efficiencies in a demand constrained environment.  Slide 9 summarizes tthey considerable progress we have achieved in advancing our strategic transformation. Our actions, which have included focused M&A, organic growth initiatives and asset optimization have enhanced our resiliency and increased our participation in higtheyr growth markets. As a result, Arcosa today is a stronger, more focused company that is better positioned to capitalize tthey multiple long-term growth opportunities in front of us. In addition, federal infrastructure spending is expected to provide a multi-year tailwind to many of our business. Turning to Slide 11 to review our fourth quarter results. Excluding storage tanks, fourth quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased 13% from prior year period outpacing revenue growth and driving a 50 basis point improvement in margins. Tthey improvements in adjusted EBITDA reflect growth in each of our business segments, led by a more than doubling of [transportation product] [ph] EBITDA. Strong organic pricing gains theylp compensate for lower volumes in construction products, while engineered structures benefit from elevated steel pricing even as overall segment volumes declined. Looking at full-year results on Slide 12, Arcosa generated revenue of 2.24 billion, an increase of 14%, which met tthey operating end of our guidance. Adjusted EBITDA was 325 million, up 19% year-over-year, normalizing for tthey sale of storage tank and was right in-line with tthey mid-point of our updated guidance range. I will now turn over tthey call to Gail to discuss our segment performance and ttheyn I will return to update you on our 2023 outlook. Gail? Gail Peck Thank you, Antonio. I'll begin on Slide 13 to discuss fourth quarter segment results. In Construction Products, revenues increased 5%, due to accelerated pricing in tthey quarter, which offset organic volume declines, as well as tthey addition of RAMCO, tthey Souttheyrn California recycled aggregates producer we acquired in tthey second quarter of 2022. Revenue growth was split roughly evenly between tthey organic drivers and tthey contribution from RAMCO. Wet and extreme cold weattheyr across our footprint along with tthey continued deceleration in single family residential construction activity were tthey main theyadwinds to segment volumes during tthey quarter. Approximately 45% of segment revenues are Texas sourced and we experienced a 75% increase year-over-year and bad weattheyr days in tthey state during tthey quarter. We believe supply chain constraints while abating also had an impact on segment volumes during tthey quarter. Our disciplined pricing strategies were successful in mitigating ongoing inflationary pressures. In addition, our focus on operational efficiency enabled a 50 basis point reduction in segment SG&A as a percent of revenue. As a result, we reported a 6% increase in segment adjusted EBITDA, slightly atheyad of revenue growth was a 20 basis point increase in margin. Higtheyr diesel, process fuels and cement prices increased segment cost of sales by approximately $8 million or 5% during tthey quarter. Tthey full-year effect of ttheyse cost theyadwinds was approximately $31 million, reducing segment margins by over 300 basis points in 2022. Turning to natural aggregates, we experienced broad pricing strength across our markets with average organic pricing up more than 20% in tthey fourth quarter, slightly atheyad of volume declines. With a disciplined pricing strategy, we achieved strong unit profitability gains in tthey fourth quarter in higtheyr year-over-year natural aggregates margin. For tthey full-year, we had organic pricing growth in tthey mid-teens positioning us favorably for 20-23. On a full-year basis, total volumes increased about 10% with organic volumes down high-single-digits. In recycled aggregates, total volumes in tthey quarter benefited from tthey acquisition of RAMCO, largely attributed to unfavorable weattheyr in Texas, organic volumes in our legacy Dallas and Houston operations declined low-double-digits. Fourth quarter pricing gains were theyalthy. Within specialty materials, we continued to see favorable momentum in multi-family residential construction, better fitting our plaster business wtheyre average selling prices and volumes were up solidly during tthey quarter. Our customers project backlogs remain theyalthy and tthey capacity expansion underway at our plaster plant in Oklahoma is sctheyduled for completion early in tthey second quarter. Fourth quarter volumes in lightweight aggregates were down slightly, but pricing strength compensated for tthey decline. Overall, we saw single-digit top line growth in specialty materials and flat margins year-over-year in tthey fourth quarter. Finally, our trend shoring business reported an 11% increase in revenues on higtheyr volumes in tthey fourth quarter. Order inquiry levels were theyalthy and our customers' CapEx expectations remains supportive for growth in 2023. Moving to engineered structures. Slide 14 shows segment results on an as reported basis and excluding tthey effect of storage tanks that was sold on tthey first business day of tthey quarter. In connection with tthey sale, we recognized a pretax gain of $189 million, which has been excluded from adjusted segment EBITDA. Revenues for our utility wind and related structures businesses increased 18%, largely due to elevated steel prices, partially offset by lower volumes. Adjusted EBITDA for ttheyse businesses increased 2% even as margins declined, which was primarily due to a change in product mix and production inefficiencies in our utility structures business. We have since resolved ttheyse inefficiencies, enabling segment margins to return to more normalized levels in January. During tthey quarter, our wind towers business performed better than our breakeven expectation, generating positive EBITDA. We are encouraged to receive wind tower orders of $371 million, which extends our backlog with tthey base level of production into 2025. We ended tthey year with combined backlog for utility wind in related structures of $671 million, up 53% from tthey end of 2021. Turning to Transportation Products on Slide 15, segment revenues were down 4% as increased volume and steel components was offset by lower barge revenues. On a positive note, adjusted segment EBITDA increased and margins expanded to 11.4%, representing tthey segment's higtheyst quarterly margin in two years. Both our barge and steel components businesses contributed to tthey margin improvement by managing costs and generating operating efficiencies. Our barge business benefited from improved pricing, despite lower volumes exceeding our expectations for tthey quarter. We received barge orders of $134 million during tthey quarter, all for 2023 delivery, which substantially fills our planned production capacity for tthey year. Ttheyse orders were primarily for hopper barges. We ended tthey year with barge backlog of $225 million, up substantially from $93 million at tthey end of 2021. I'll conclude on Slide 17 with some comments on our cash flow and balance ttheyyet position. We ended tthey year with net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA of 1.2x, down from 1.8x at tthey end of tthey third quarter. During tthey fourth quarter, we used $155 million of tthey storage tank proceeds to repay tthey outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We started 2023 with an exceptionally strong balance ttheyyet with available liquidity of $635 million and no material debt maturities. In 2022, working capital consumed about $65 million of cash flow, a 15 million increase year-over-year. Working capital came in below our initial expectations at tthey start of tthey year, primarily due to inflationary impacts. Capital expenditures in 2022 were $138 million in-line with tthey high-end of our annual guidance as we made solid progress on tthey growth projects underway in construction products and engineered structures. For 2023, we see full-year CapEx of $140 million to $160 million, including $40 million to $50 million for growth CapEx projects. In yesterday's release, we highlighted tthey $22 million land sale gain that is included in our 2023 guidance range and will be recognized in tthey first quarter. Although we do not anticipate a sale of ttheir magnitude to repeat in tthey near term, land sales are a normal part of our construction materials operation. We are pleased to be able to monetize a depleted asset wtheyn tthey timing was right and reinvest tthey proceeds to theylp offset gross CapEx. Summing it up, we generated $36 million of free cash flow in 2022, down from last year, primarily due to tthey $53 million increase in CapEx, largely related to projects that will enhance our long-term growth opportunity. As a reminder, in December, we've authorized our $50 million share repurchase program for anottheyr two years. Our balance ttheyyet and liquidity strengths are valuable assets and provide considerable financial flexibility for Arcosa during ttheir theyightened level of macro uncertainty. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio for more discussion on our 2023 outlook. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Turning to Slide 19. As we look forward, we anticipate 2023 will be an important transition year. Despite macro uncertainty, we expect consistent expansion in our growth business and gradually improvement fundamentals in our cyclical business. Normalizing for tthey sale of storage tanks we expect 2023 revenue at tthey midpoint of our guidance to be 2.2 billion, up 7%, compared to 2022. Our 2023 adjusted EBITDA forecast at tthey midpoint of our guidance is 325 million, up 17% compared to 2022. Excluding tthey positive impact from tthey land sale Gail noted, we forecast 9% adjusted EBITDA growth at tthey midpoint of our range. Turning to Slide 20, to review tthey outlook of our growth businesses. We believe construction products will benefit from continued favorable pricing and theyalthy highway construction activity aided by infrastructure spending at both tthey federal and state levels. I would note that tthey DOT letting activity is now well above tthey five-year average in many of our key markets. Reflecting theyalthy state budgets and federal funding from tthey infrastructure and Jobs Act. We also expect to benefit from continued solid demand in multi-family, as well as theyavy non-residential construction, which togettheyr with tthey continued demand from tthey surface transportation sector has tthey potential to offset weakness in single family residential volumes. In 2023, we anticipate favorable pricing to continue, particularly in tthey first half of tthey year as we benefit from tthey sharp acceleration in prices in 2022. Although we are not providing volume guidance for 2023, we expect to compensate for any volume softness with higtheyr unit pricing and profitability as we demonstrated in tthey fourth quarter. We will continue to focus on driving margins higtheyr in 2023. We expect utility structures will have anottheyr strong year as electric utilities continue to invest in operating and hardening tthey [electrical grid] [ph]. Our positive outlook is supported by a high level of backlog visibility in both our utility and traffic structures business. In addition, we anticipate federal infrastructure funding and increased energy capacity needs will boost demand for our products, especially given tthey growing shift towards electric vehicles and tthey need to connect renewable energy sources to tthey grid. Based on customer [projected timing] [ph], we anticipate utility structures revenue will be more theyavily weighted towards tthey second half of 2023. Our customers' CapEx expectations continue to rise. However, lingering supply chain constraints may affect tthey timing of projects. Turning to Slide 21, we anticipate 2023 adjusted EBITDA in our cyclical businesses will be slightly atheyad of 2022 as rail components and barge continue to move off ttheyir cyclical lows. As demonstrated by orders received in tthey fourth quarter, tthey fundamentals of our barge and wind tower business continues to improve. As a result, we expect to ramp up production capacity in 2023 in anticipation of higtheyr growth in 2024. In barge, we [spurred] [ph] significant customer demand for hopper barges in tthey fourth quarter by substituting lower cost hot bronze coil for plate steel. Ttheir innovation delivers significant cost savings for our customers and proves that with reasonable steel prices, tthey demand for barges is strong. Tthey orders we received are tthey largest quarterly barge orders in tthey past two years and have allowed us to fill our production ramp up sctheyduled for tthey year. With ttheir production ramp, in 2023, we expect to end tthey year with higtheyr production capacity to be able to capitalize on tthey demand we expect in 2024. I am proud of our team's effort to drive innovation and enhance our manufacturing flexibility. As additional steel capacity comes online ttheir year, third-party forecast, project steel prices will come down, which should theylp convert high level of current inquiries into additional barge orders for delivery in 2024 and beyond. With tthey average age of tthey barge fleet at theirtorically high levels, we believe moderation in steel prices will theylp kick start tthey long overdue barge fleet replacement cycle. More recently, we're also starting to see significant inquiries for smaller tank barges. Lower steel prices would also theylp turn those inquiries into orders. As we have noted, tthey expiration of tthey PTC at tthey end of 2021 created a [lapse in demand] [ph] of wind towers. With tthey passage of tthey Inflation Reduction Act in August, which includes a 10-year extension of tthey PTC, demand for wind towers is picking up and is expected to stay strong for many years. We expect 2023 to be an important transition year as we build our backlog to drive earnings growth in 2024 and beyond. Tthey renewed strength in wind tower demand can be seen in tthey backlog we booked in tthey fourth quarter and tthey additional orders booked in January. Tthey backlog is sctheyduled to be delivered in tthey next three years with approximately 40% to be delivered in 2023. Although order profitability in 2023 is low, likely leading to breakeven year for our wind power business, we are preparing for a multi-year recovery. In addition to tthey PTC, tthey IRA also includes a new manufacturer's tax credit, which we believe will have a significant positive tthey impact on our wind tower business. Our assumption is that all tthey backlog we have built for 2023 and beyond will qualify for ttheir tax credit, but we have not included tthey benefit in our guidance as we await furttheyr clarification from tthey IRS. With strong demand for CMO future, and improved economics, we're working with our customers to accelerate our growth in tthey wind power industry. We expect ttheyse efforts will theylp create significant value for our shareholders. Finally, in our steel components business, market forecast indicates continued growth in North American railcar deliveries in 2023, although at a more moderate pace following tthey sharp recovery last year. With railcar deliveries forecasted to increase 10% in 2023, we anticipate steel components will deliver anottheyr year of solid growth. Given ttheyse positive forward-looking indicators, we expect to continue to build our order backlogs in our cyclical businesses through 2023, setting tthey stage for accelerated growth in 2024. During 2022, Arcosa remains committed to corporate responsibility through tthey integration of ESG into our long-term strategy and culture. Our annual sustainability report, which we plan to publish in tthey next few months will highlight many accomplishments in 2022 that built on our progress from tthey prior year. In closing, 2022 was a productive and successful year for Arcosa. Through tthey divestiture of storage tanks, we monetize a non-core asset to deliver significant value for shareholders, while advancing our strategic transformation and despite facing challenging market conditions in our cyclical businesses, ttheyy are constantly navigating ttheir effectively, generating efficiencies, and delivering solid financial results. Looking atheyad, we are entering an exciting period for Arcosa. Our growth businesses remain poised for continued solid performance supported by theyalthy market fundamentals and a tailwind from federal infrastructure spending. At tthey same time, we believe our cyclical businesses are on tthey [cusps of entering] [ph] a strong multi-year upcycle driven by growing market demand for both wind towers and barges. With tthey strategic actions we have taken over tthey past several years, Arcosa is entering ttheir exciting period with a strong balance ttheyyet to be able to support tthey opportunities atheyad of us. Now, we would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Ian Zaffino Hi, great. Thank you very much. Good quarter. Question would be, Antonio, I know you mentioned on tthey pricing side on aggregates, you're talking about tthey strength of pricing in tthey first half of tthey year that's just tthey anniversarying of existing price increases. And if that's tthey case, are ttheyre any more in-store or how do we think about pricing in aggregates into 2023? Thanks. Gail Peck Ian, good morning. It's Gail. I'll take that and let Antonio add if they has anything furttheyr. Wtheyn we think about pricing, I mentioned in my script on tthey natural aggregate side pricing gains in tthey fourth quarter were more than 20%. So, clearly a lot of pricing momentum. And as you look at how pricing has accelerated through tthey year, certainly tthey quarter benefited from tthey sequential momentum. We did have select price increases in tthey quarter, so that certainly theylped as well. And I think it's important to note too, we have had nice pricing synergies in tthey acquisitions that we've made. So, all-in-all, that really captured a nice outcome for us in tthey fourth quarter. And we would expect full-year pricing for us was mid-teen strength. So, we think that sets up well for 2023. We do have our annual pricing letters in aggregates set. And I think we'll continue to watch tthey market very closely, but right now, we're planning for annual increases. Antonio Carrillo To add a little more color Ian, because we believe in ttheir uncertain environment with tthey volumes down in housing and wtheyttheyr we had – ttheyre's a lot of uncertainty in tthey volume. What I think is important is for our investors and [you need] [ph] to understand and tthey focus of tthey company ttheir year is going to be on margins. And ttheyrefore, tthey pricing situation is going to be very important, not only in aggregates, I think throughout tthey company. And we've added to our compensation philosophy ttheir year in our short-term incentive to all tthey business leaders margin into ttheyir compensation. So, I think it's going to be an effort not only in aggregates, but across tthey company. Ian Zaffino Okay, thank you. And ttheyn just as a follow-up, have you guys quantified what tthey theyadwind was and tthey weattheyr impact was in Texas? How bad was it? And any color you could give ttheyre would be theylpful. Gail Peck We didn't put a number on it Ian, it's a little bit difficult to measure. And with weattheyr, tthey good thing is, you don't lose tthey volumes, but we did not put up precise number on it. I mentioned tthey step-up certainly in Texas. In ottheyr areas of our footprint during tthey quarter, tthey freezing temperatures certainly impacted our operations in tthey Midwest and ttheyn tthey excessive rains in California had an impact on our specialty materials business. It was a meaningful impact. I would say, January, you hate to talk about wtheyttheyr, we certainly had some freezing and ice theyre in tthey Dallas area and that had an impact. But I would say wtheyn tthey weattheyr is dry and normal and seasonal, our volumes have been as planned. But to put a dollar impact on it, our volumes were down slightly less than our price increases. So, we did see some significant volume declines in tthey quarter. Antonio Carrillo Wtheyn weattheyr hits Ian, you have several problems. First, you shut down tthey plant and your cost structure starts [seeding] [ph] into you. So, it's a pretty significant impact. We also have, as Gail said, in tthey fourth quarter and December freeze across our operations, we had shutdowns based on natural gas curtailments we had in several plants, etcetera. So, it was a pretty significant impact I would say in tthey fourth quarter. Ian Zaffino Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson. Brent Thielman Hey, thank you. Good morning. Congrats on tthey quarter and year as well. I guess tthey question just on tthey, I guess both wind and barge. I mean tthey order pick-up theyre is notable. And it seems like I guess in particular Antonio ttheyre's some real momentum in tthey industry building and tthey wind side. I know tthey IRA does a lot for tthey industry, but I guess I would have thought more of an impact later ttheir year, maybe 2024 in terms of, kind of demand recovery. How would you characterize tthey levels of interest out ttheyre, I guess, on tthey wind and barge side? And do you feel like we're, sort of in a sustained order recovery right now or maybe customers just being opportunistic? Antonio Carrillo Let me – ttheyy're different markets, so let me take one – each one. I’ll start with wind. Wind is a business that's very sensitive to tax credits. And we've seen it go from very strong demand to nothing in periods wtheyre tthey tax rate goes away. Tthey IRA, what it does, tthey most important thing it does is it provides long-term visibility. Now, it gives you 10 years of visibility, which is wtheyn people are investing in long-term projects wtheyn ttheyy have visibility. So, that's an incredible thing. And having 10 years of visibility gives us, let's say a very good visibility into what tthey business should be doing for a long period of time. So, tthey fundamentals for long upcycle are ttheyre. Ttheir time for tthey first time, tthey IRA included [tax credits] [ph] not only for tthey developer, which used to be tthey traditional tax credit. Ttheir time, tthey turbine manufactures tthey blade manufacturer and tthey power manufacturer get something called tthey manufacturer's tax credit. And that is a unique situation. Of course, it improves tthey economics for wind. That's our perception today and that's everything we've analyzed, [it tells] [ph] us that. However, we're still waiting for tthey IRS to come back with specific rules sometime later ttheir year. And that's why I mentioned in my remarks that I did not include it in tthey – in our projections and our guidance, any impact from ttheir tax credit, but we believe it's going to be very significant. So, wtheyn you add long-term fundamentals of tthey business improving and tthey economics improving, we went from a period in July wtheyre our view for 2023 was basically we could think about shutting down tthey business. Ttheyre was no demand for 2023.  To a situation wtheyre ttheyre is significant discussions with customers about how can we increase capacity, how can we get more towers into tthey market, and of course, what I said ttheir 2023 is going to be probably a breakeven year because we're going to be ramping up and tthey orders we sold have low profitability. But tthey goal is to end tthey year with stronger, let's say, production capacity and run rates to be able to capitalize on ttheir over tthey next several years. So, very exciting position to be in tthey wind towers. Barge, barge a little different. Barge of as I mentioned for tthey age of tthey – especially tthey dry cargo fleet, tthey hopper barges is at theirtorical high levels. Very few have been replaced over tthey last several years. Scrapping has continued, and we were able in tthey fourth quarter to redesign our barges with ctheyaper steel and immediately we were able to get customers to buy. So, tthey demand is ttheyre. Tthey inquiries are ttheyre. We believe tthey demand is going to be very strong. We need prices to stabilize. Right now, ttheyy're going to back up again a little bit. Tthey uncertainty in Ukraine and tthey war always creates ttheir issue. But ttheyre is significant capacity coming online in tthey U.S. in tthey next couple of years. That leads not only [us] [ph], but every [forecast] [ph] to believe that steel prices are coming down. And if steel prices come down, we are setting up our barge business also for several years of good recovery. That's our expectation. [We'll say, no] [ph]. Hope I answered your question? Brent Thielman Yes, I guess as a follow-up and I appreciate all that. Maybe just back to wtheyn, I mean, it seems like a lot of tthey projects and you can see what tthey utilities are planning on doing are sort of slated for kind of 2024 and beyond. Should we – and I know quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see some [gyration] [ph] in your backlog and orders. But as we, sort of get towards and considering all that and what you're seeing out ttheyre as we get towards tthey end of tthey year, do you anticipate that wind backlog to be even higtheyr? Antonio Carrillo Yes. I think we – you should expect our wind backlog to be higtheyr before tthey end of tthey year. To be honest, I was surprised how fast tthey industry started, let's say giving us orders. I always expected tthey projects to be – to take longer for ttheym to start turning into actual orders for us and it's accelerating fast. So, I do think we don't have anything at tthey moment, but I do think that you should expect us to have higtheyr backlog or to receive more orders, let's put it that way throughout ttheir year.  Brent Thielman Okay. Thank you. I'll pass it on. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Trey Grooms with Steptheyns. Trey Grooms Hey, good morning everyone and I have to say congrats on tthey nice quarter. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Trey Grooms Antonio, you pointed out that tthey focus of tthey company ttheir year will be on margin. And you mentioned pricing clearly, but can you talk about some of tthey ottheyr levers that you can pull to improve margin and as you look across tthey segments wtheyre you see tthey most opportunity on tthey margin front ttheir year? Antonio Carrillo Sure. Margin is a combination of your pricing and your costs and so of course pricing is going to be important. Ideally, we should be able to compensate for inflationary pressures that are continued to be present. And at tthey same time, as a company, we've always been a company focused on costs. As you've seen, wtheyn we have very cyclical businesses, and every time tthey cyclical businesses go down, ttheyy go down in a very steep way and we've always been very focused on that. You saw that – we mentioned our cyclical businesses exceeded our expectation last year. And it's basically tthey way ttheyy control ttheyir costs. You saw construction segment having a tough quarter with weattheyr and everything and focusing on ttheyir costs on ttheyir SG&A also. So, I would say tthey efforts are pricing cost at tthey planned level and tthey business level. And even at tthey corporate level ttheir year for our corporate level, we've included [SG&A] [ph] as part of our compensation. So, we're going to be focusing on tthey costs across tthey company. So, on tthey business, I think tthey businesses that are ramping up that have come from very low cyclical times rail components barge and a little bit of wind ttheir year, it's going to be tougtheyr because we're just getting started. Those businesses are very sensitive to volume. So, as we ramp up, you should see some improvement in our margins. We get operational leverage real fast and tthey return on capital is incredible in those businesses once ttheyy get going. On tthey construction segment, it's tougtheyr now you. Tthey volatility is not as high. So, it's much more a detail, [mind by mind] [ph], plan by plan focusing on pricing and costs on an individual level, but ttheyre's a lot of levers we can pull ttheyre still. And finally, some of tthey transmission structures, tthey utility structures, over ttheyre, our view has changed over tthey last few months. We expected a faster reduction in steel prices three months ago. Steel prices have stabilized right now. So, our goal right now is to try to keep our margins and increase our margins as steel prices come down. That's a [software one] [ph] because as steel prices come down, your margins are pulled down a little bit. So, overall, I feel very confident as a company we can do it. Each one of ttheyir business has different levers and different ways of approaching it, but we have a lot of tools inside. Trey Grooms All right. Thanks for that Antonio. Super theylpful. And ttheyn Gail, sorry if I missed it, but what are you targeting for CapEx ttheir year and any color on tthey free cash generation ttheir year ex tthey gain of tthey sale and land? Gail Peck Sure. Yes, I did in my comments Trey give tthey CapEx guidance for tthey year. So, we're looking at $140 million to $160 million in CapEx. We'll get some offset to that from tthey 20 million give or take proceeds from tthey large land sale that we have in tthey first quarter in construction. So, let's call 120, 140 net of that. We've got about 40 million to 50 million of growth CapEx included in that. I'd say tthey most significant of that is tthey continuation of our concrete pool that we have going in Florida in our utility structures business, as well as finishing out our greenfields in aggregates and looking at ways to increase efficiency in slight capacity adds within our utility structures business. And as a reminder, Trey, we finittheyyd 2022 at 138 million of CapEx. So, looking at free cash flow for tthey year, you have our EBITDA guidance, if I kind of just start at tthey midpoint ttheyre at 325 million, net-off 130 of CapEx at tthey midpoint after tthey land sale, throw in interest, you're somewtheyre around 165 million, [135] [ph] maybe after tax and ttheyn I think tthey question mark is really on working capital. Working capital came in below our expectations. So, with tthey use in 2022, we're very focused on managing that inflationary impacts had certainly had impacts 2022. We ended with our ARR a little bit higtheyr at tthey end of tthey year. So, I think we'll have a good cash flow year. I think working capital neutral to a use is wtheyre we're going to come out. We were about 20% of revenue in 2022, so if we keep that clip and we want to do better that could be about a 40 million drain next year. So, you sum all that up free cash flow in tthey $100 million range. Antonio Carrillo And let me just add something because I think it's important to understand at ttheir stage wtheyre we are. So, tthey good news for [us] [ph], also we have a lot of organic projects going on. And every time we allocate capital we go through tthey exercise of wtheyre is tthey best use of our capital. And tthey returns on organic growth are far greater than acquisitions at tthey moment. And we have a lot of projects on tthey drawing board. So, that's good news. Tthey second piece is, as we think about tthey cyclical companies recover, cyclical businesses recovering, ttheyy consume working capital because we are buying inventory, generating AR, etcetera. So, it should also be good news that we are growing tthey businesses. Ttheyy might consume some working capital, but it's basically good news. Trey Grooms Yes. All makes sense. Thanks for all tthey great detail. I'll pass it on. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital Markets. Garik Shmois Great. Thanks for having [us say] [ph] congrats on tthey quarter. I was wondering if you could speak a little bit more on aggregates and volumes and different moving pieces. And it sounds like you're expecting infrastructure in non-res to mostly offset new residential declines. You also have some weattheyr theyre. It sounds like in tthey first quarter, maybe if you could just flush out how you expect on tthey shape of tthey year to look, would you expect volumes to be a little bit more back half weighted just given tthey timing of infrastructure? Just any more clarity on aggregates volumes would be theylpful? Gail Peck  I'll take that one. It’s Gail. Yes, clearly we've had deceleration in single family and that continued in tthey fourth quarter. You look at some of our key markets and you look at tthey housing starts and you've seen some momentum in tthey year-over-year declines in tthey back half relative to tthey first half of tthey year. So, clearly that’s had an impact. We've seen an impact in – I guess maybe before I leave that point, we have had an – important to note, we've had success in tthey quarter transitioning our volumes from single family into infrastructure and commercial non-res. So, good success going on ttheyre and we're seeing a pickup in tthey bidding for infrastructure projects. We shared a little bit of color on – in our IR materials with tthey DOT lettings and tthey strength in our key markets as you look at those numbers compared to tthey five-year averages. So, a lot of activity and positivity ttheyre. So – and we're starting to see a pickup in tthey theyavy non-res side as well in certain of our key markets. So, all of that points to tthey potential for ttheyse volumes to compensate for single-family. I would say as I think about tthey trajectory or tthey cadence for 2023, just given tthey fact that our volumes were up in Q1 and Q2 of ttheir year, we probably have more comp challenges in tthey first half of tthey year than we would in tthey second half of tthey year. And that tracks well with our expectations that we would see infrastructure volumes to continue to sequentially pick up ttheir year. Did that theylp or.. [Multiple Speaker] Garik Shmois Thank you for that. I'm wanting to follow-up on tthey capacity ramp in tthey cyclical side of tthey business. I'm curious, are you adding capacity for tthey current increase in backlog or are you anticipating tthey capacity to service an increase from theyre in tthey backlogs as well? And also, just from a timing standpoint, would you anticipate that your capacity ramp would be complete by tthey end of [2023] [ph]? Antonio Carrillo So, it's a complex question because, so I'll give you tthey status of our plants. Let's start with wind. We have three plants at tthey moment. One is shut down, and that plant is not planned in ttheir ramp up capacity. So, we're only ramping up tthey plants that are operating. So, ttheyre's not a lot of CapEx, it's a relatively easy ramp up. It's not something that we are going to have to put a lot of money and things like that. So, it's anottheyr ramp up like many of tthey ones we've made before. Now, I mentioned that with tthey current orders, we are full for that ramp up. Meaning, we're going to be ramping up and ttheyre is a little more capacity we could extract ttheir year, not a lot, but ttheyre is a little more that we could extract if we get tthey orders in time. But as time goes by that window shrinks. But what I think is important is as we ramp up we should end tthey year in those two plants relatively, a really good click to be able to continue to ramp up. Ttheyre is more capacity that we could ramp for [24 and 5] [ph]. So, it's a, I would say, a trend that we expect to start picking up and depending on tthey orders we receive, if we receive more orders before tthey end of tthey year that I expect to receive more, we can accelerate tthey ramp up to end tthey year at a higtheyr promotion rate. So, that's wtheyre we're going to be moderating our ramp up. On barge, a little different. We also have three plants, one is shut down. Tthey ottheyr two plants are also running at low capacity. Tthey orders we got right now are for running those plants at relatively low capacity still. So, we still have a lot of room to go up wtheyn – if we receive more orders. And we're going to be dialing it up and down, depending on tthey orders we received through tthey year. So, I would say, tthey positive news is that both on barge and wind, ttheyse orders provide a floor, let's say, a consistent production trend for tthey company that allows us to ttheyn modulate our ramp-up as we see fit, depending on tthey backlog we generate through tthey year. Garik Shmois Okay. That’s theylpful. Thanks for that. And I’ll pass it on. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company.  Julio Romero Hey, good morning, Antonio and Gail. Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Julio Romero So, I wanted to ask about tthey barge business and you guys substituting hot-rolled coil for plate steel. I guess why hasn't Arcosa or ottheyr industry players, kind of done that in tthey past? What are tthey pros and cons of tthey substitution of tthey end customer? And does tthey margin profile or profit profile change for Arcosa by doing that? Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Julio. It's a really good question. And we have never done it before. First of all, ttheir is for hopper barges, and we've only done it for hopper barges. And ttheyre's a whole reason for why, but for hopper barges, theirtorically, tthey difference between coil and plate is somewtheyre between – depending on tthey time, $100, $150. That's tthey theirtorical difference between tthey two products. And wtheyn you make tthey numbers, you have to increase your labor content to substitute coil for plate. Wtheyn you do tthey numbers with that a small difference, it's tight. So, it has never made a lot of sense to put a lot of money and time behind us. Wtheyn tthey pandemic hit, steel prices go down, and ttheyn ttheyy go nuts. And 2022 theirtorically has been tthey year with tthey most volatility in steel prices in theirtory based on – that's what CRU publittheyyd a few months ago. And what happened is that plate prices stayed high at $2,000 or so, and coil prices started falling real fast in tthey second quarter of last year, second or third quarter of last year. So, by September, October, tthey gap between those two prices was enormous, almost $1,000. And ttheyn we set our team in barge to start redesigning tthey barges to take advantage of that and be able to offer our customers a margin that's just as good as a plate barge, just with some more wells. Wtheyn you see tthey barge, it has a few more wells, but it's exactly tthey same quality of product with no disadvantages at all. It's just you have to put more wells in it. So, you put more labor. So, we launctheyd our first barge in December with coil, and customers liked it and immediately started to place orders. So, coil prices have come up a little bit again. So, right now, we are not selling many more of ttheym, but what's important about ttheir is, two things. First, I think we reacted to market conditions. Second, now we have flexibility. Depending on steel prices, we can modulate and decide how we build tthey barge with coil or plate. And third, it also gives us negotiating strength with our steel suppliers, depending on plate and coil prices. So, I think it's a really good development. And let's see wtheyre steel prices come, but I think ttheir allows us to move between two very complicated markets, let's say. Julio Romero Got it. Appreciate all tthey color ttheyre. Maybe turning to tthey steel components business. You guys sounded overall positive on tthey demand outlook ttheyre in 2023. Is that affected at all by maybe what's going on with tthey East Palestine derailment and kind of any safety concerns within tthey industry? Just trying to think if ttheyre's any impact at all for Arcosa? Antonio Carrillo We don't see it at tthey moment. As you know, we only make [coppers and axles] [ph]. So, we don't see at tthey moment. I'm not sure what regulatory changes could happen based on ttheir. What I would tell you is that at tthey moment, our coppers and axles, we don't even finish tthey axles, we sell tthey axles to people who finish it and ttheyn ttheyy mount it on tthey wtheyels and axles and put tthey bearings and everything. So, we don't see a big impact – any impact on our business. But as you know, ttheir situation is very fluid and ttheyre's changes happening and news happening every day. So, I don't know what tthey regulatory changes could happen. At tthey moment, we are optimistic about it. We mentioned that tthey ramp for 2023 is not as sharp as it was in 2022, but we are seeing in our business significant operational leverage. And we saw it in tthey fourth quarter, as Gail mentioned, we have a significant increase in our EBITDA compared to tthey previous year, and we are optimistic about 2023. Julio Romero Really theylpful. Thanks very much for taking tthey questions. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Stefanos Crist with CJS Securities. Stefanos Crist Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you just talk about tthey customer dynamics in tthey large orders for barge and wind? Were ttheyre large orders in those or multiple customers across? Thank you. Antonio Carrillo Let me start with barge. And with barges multiple customers, that – so it was a good list of customers, not only tthey ones we got orders, but tthey inquiries we're receiving, I think it's a wide variety of customers. On wind, as you know, it's a much shorter list of companies that build wind towers. At tthey moment, we only have with one customer. Tthey order was basically with one.  We do have quotes out ttheyre with anottheyr two companies. So, it's a much shorter list of potential customers. So, you should expect a much wider concentration. What we are seeing, both on wind and barge is that tthey – I would say, tthey majority of tthey customers are inquiring about additional orders. Stefanos Crist That's great. Thank you. And ttheyn just on M&A, can you just talk about what you're seeing in tthey market right now, multiples, just opportunities? Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Sure. We are seeing opportunities. We have many bolt-on opportunities, small things theyre and ttheyre. As we've said before, and ttheir is mainly on tthey barge side – sorry, on tthey aggregate side. And tthey way we've approactheyd ttheir, we like to build hubs, large hubs in certain regions, for example, in Arizona, wtheyre we bought, and ttheyn we look for bolt-ons around it. So, we are seeing smaller bolt-ons in many of our regions. Multiples on tthey smaller side are reasonable. Wtheyn we have seen a few of tthey larger ones, tthey multiples continue to be too high. And one of tthey things that's important, we're going to stay disciplined. Even though we have a strong balance ttheyyet. We're going to stay disciplined and continue to measure tthey return on capital on each project. And at tthey moment, tthey organic ones seem to be better options for us to allocate capital. But we will do M&A, mainly bolt-ons, as an example, not only in terms of – recently, we did as a very small bolt-on in Arizona on recycled aggregates. It's a very small one that came with some land. And at tthey same time, we're opening recycled aggregates in Arizona around our natural aggregate. So, what we're looking for is to try to complement our presence in each one of tthey markets in natural and recycle and do bolt-ons, some larger, some smaller, but mainly bolt-ons at tthey moment. Stefanos Crist  Thank you. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, I show no furttheyr questions in queue. I'll turn tthey call back over to Erin Drabek for any additional or closing remarks. Erin Drabek Thank you for joining us ttheir morning for our fourth quarter and full-year earnings call. We look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.