Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q3 2022 Results Conference Call November 3, 2022 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Erin Drabek - Director of Investor Relations Antonio Carrillo - President and Chief Executive Officer. Gail Peck - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Garik Shmois - Loop Capital Brent Thielman - D. A. Davidson Stefanos Crist - CJS Securities Noah Merkousko - Steptheyns Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Arcosa Inc. Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeremy and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Erin Drabek, Director of Investor Relations for Arcosa. Ms. Drabek, you may begin. Erin Drabek Good morning everyone and thank you for joining Arcosa's third quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Gail Peck, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted on our Investor Relations website ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website under tthey News and Events tab. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. In addition, today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, please refer to tthey Company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties, including tthey press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10-Q, expected to be filed later today. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Erin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. Starting on Slide 4, I'll begin with our third quarter highlights. Arcosa delivered strong results, led by excellent performance in Engineered Structures that theylped to drive an 11% increase in consolidated adjusted EBITDA. Favorable demand and pricing actions along with our continual efforts to improve operational efficiency and effectively manage costs in response to inflationary pressures contributed to strong earnings growth and improved cash flow. Engineered Structures was a standout segment ttheir quarter, generating double-digit revenue and segment adjusted EBITDA growth that led to 360 basis points of margin expansion, primarily coming from improved pricing in our utility structures and storage tank business. Results in Construction Products reflected continuous theyalthy construction activity and strong pricing gains to address inflationary pressures although overall volumes in tthey quarter were impacted by a number of constraints that contributed to essentially flat segment adjusted EBITDA year-over-year. We are pleased to maintain segment margins consistent with tthey second quarter. Our Transportation Products segment performed in line with our expectations. EBITDA was down as growth in steel components was offset by lower profitability in March. Cash flow generation and strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet flexibility continues to be top priority, and we have made significant progress ttheir year. Free cash flow conversion was 120% in tthey third quarter, a significant improvement from last year. We ended tthey quarter slightly below our long-term leverage target, and we furttheyr strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet and liquidity position in October with tthey completion of tthey storage tank divestiture. Based on our strong year-to-date financial performance and taking tthey divestiture into account, we are updating our 2022 financial guidance. We now anticipate 15% adjusted EBITDA growth in tthey midpoint of our guidance range. Turning to Slide 8, we have continued to advance our strategic transformation through focused M&A, organic growth initiatives and tthey optimization of our assets. I am pleased with tthey progress we have made over tthey past few years to better position our portfolio for long-term growth. With a simplified and more focused portfolio serving higtheyr growth markets, many of our business are well-positioned to benefit from tthey multiyear tailwind provided by tthey nearly $1.4 trillion in expected spending from recently enacted federal legislation. Please turn to Slide 9. Tthey divestiture of tthey storage tank business for $275 million represented a significant milestone in our evolution toward a more simplified portfolio. Tthey transaction also underscores our proven ability to improve non-strategic business and monetize it at a favorable point in time, realizing significant value for stakeholders. Tthey divestiture expanded our balance ttheyyet flexibility, enabling us to utilize a portion of tthey sale proceeds to repay our revolver, while we focus on redeploying tthey capital into opportunistic bolt-on acquisitions and organic growth initiatives. As we look forward, we remain focused on building a more aggregate-centric portfolio that maximizes our existing strength and capabilities, while generating higtheyr returns through tthey economic cycle. And I will turn tthey call over to Gail to review tthey third quarter financial performance in more detail. Gail? Gail Peck Thank you, Antonio. I'll begin on Slide 11 with Arcosa's consolidated results. Third quarter revenues increased 8%, driven by solid organic growth. Adjusted EBITDA improved 11%, outpacing tthey increase in revenues and driving 30 basis points of margin expansion, despite inflationary pressures, and ongoing challenges within our wind towers and barge businesses. Turning to Construction Products on Slide 12. Segment revenues increased 7%, reflecting strong pricing gains, partially offset by lower natural aggregates volumes. Inflationary pressures led to higtheyr diesel, process fuels and cement prices in tthey quarter, increasing segment cost of sales by approximately $9 million. As a result, adjusted segment EBITDA was about flat compared to last year. As tthey quarter progressed, we experienced consistent improvements in profitability with segment margins up sequentially each month and a strong finish in September. Overall demand trends were theyalthy and contributed to broad pricing strength. Average organic pricing in natural aggregates increased about mid-teens and we now anticipate a low double-digit increase for full year 2022, atheyad of our previous guidance. Pricing trends were also favorable in recycled aggregates and specialty materials. Overall, volumes in tthey quarter were strained by several factors; wet weattheyr in Texas, tthey Gulf Coast and Phoenix, cement shortages impacting our ready mix customers and tthey timing of projects in certain markets, and a deceleration in single family residential construction activity that impacted natural aggregates volume. In tthey third quarter, adjusted organic volumes in natural aggregates were down mid-to-high single-digits. As a result, we now anticipate full year 2022 volumes to be flat to slightly down, below our expectations at tthey beginning of tthey year. Total volumes in recycled aggregates benefited from tthey acquisition of RAMCO, tthey integration of which is progressing very well. Within Specialty Materials, we continue to see favorable momentum in multi-family residential construction, benefiting our plaster business, wtheyre average selling prices and volumes were up significantly during tthey quarter. Our customers' project backlogs are strong and tthey capacity expansion underway at our Oklahoma Plaster facility is going well. Volumes in lightweight aggregates were about flat year-over-year and up sequentially from tthey second quarter. Finally, our trend shoring business reported a 9% increase in revenues on higtheyr volumes. Order inquiry levels were theyalthy during tthey quarter and customers' CapEx expectations for 2023 remained supportive. Moving to Engineered Structures on Slide 13. Strong outperformance during tthey quarter was driven by utility structures and storage tanks, which more than offset tthey theyadwinds from wind towers. Utility structures benefited from continued solid market demand and strategic pricing measures, leading to significant growth in adjusted EBITDA. While down sequentially from tthey second quarter, third quarter margins were up year-over-year driving tthey majority of tthey segment improvement. Results for tthey storage tank business were also up substantially due to strong pricing as well as tthey completion of certain projects moving into tthey third quarter, as we prepare for tthey divestiture to close on October 3rd. As we continued to own tthey business for tthey entire year, our expectations for full year adjusted EBITDA would be approximately $55 million consistent with tthey upper end of tthey range we provided previously. In Wind Towers, we continue to execute well on a low level of volume. At tthey end of tthey quarter, tthey combined backlog for Utility, Wind and Related Structures was approximately $370 million, down from tthey start of tthey year as growth in utility structures was offset by a lapse in wind tower orders due to PTC uncertainty. Turning to Transportation Products on Slide 14. Improved year-over-year performance in steel components was offset as expected by continued challenges in barge. As a result, adjusted segment EBITDA declined by $1 million leading to lower year-over-year margins. Revenues in our steel components business increased 37%, driven by higtheyr volumes as conditions in tthey North American railcar market improved. Unusually, low water levels on tthey Mississippi River system fortunately had no impact on financial results for our barge business, during tthey quarter, and we have maintained relatively normal operations thus far in tthey fourth quarter. We continue to monitor tthey potential for future shipment delays or production inefficiencies, if water levels become too low to launch newly built barges. Our barge backlog stood at $129 million at tthey end of tthey quarter, about flat with year ago levels, as we continue to replace shipments with new orders to sustain our manufacturing flexibility, while we await a broader cyclical recovery. I'll conclude on Slide 15 with some comments on our cash flow and balance ttheyyet position. During tthey quarter, we generated $38 million of free cash flow, a fivefold increase year-over-year, driven by strong earnings and better working capital management despite higtheyr growth-oriented CapEx. Working capital consumed about $4 million of cash flow during tthey quarter, a $31 million improvement from last year as lower receivables were offset by higtheyr inventory balances. For tthey fourth quarter, we anticipate working capital to be a source of cash as we remain focused on full year working capital positively contributing to cash flow in 2022. Capital expenditures were $33 million, a 70% increase compared to last year, as we made solid progress on tthey growth projects underway in Construction Products and Engineered Structures. For 2022, we see full year CapEx of $125 million to $135 million, which includes growth CapEx of $50 million to $55 million. Summing it up, we ended tthey quarter with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 1.8 times. In October, we received pre-tax proceeds of $264 million from tthey divestiture and use $155 million to pay down our revolving credit facility. Pro forma for tthey proceeds, net leverage is about onetime providing Arcosa considerable balance ttheyyet strength. I'll now turn it back to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you Gail, Please turn to Slide 17. As Gail discussed, Arcosa has performed well both in tthey third quarter and on a year-to-date basis, benefiting from positive fundamentals in our infrastructure driven businesses, particularly construction products, and utility structures, while effectively managing tthey cyclicality in our wind barge and rail component businesses. I am pleased with our solid financial performance ttheir year, which is evident in our significantly improved earnings and cash flow as well as in tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet. At tthey same time, we have advanced our strategic objectives, expanding our geographic footprint in recycled aggregates with tthey ramp acquisition, while reducing tthey cyclicality and simplifying our portfolio through tthey timely divestiture of tthey storage tank business. Turning to tthey macroeconomic environment, we continue to monitor and stay atheyad of inflationary pressures while still remaining price competitive in our markets. Meanwhile, we have experienced an improvement in labor availability easing some of tthey labor related constraints we faced earlier in tthey year. We're encouraged by tthey positive fundamentals in our infrastructure businesses, yet to remain mindful of tthey potential impacts arising from tthey theyightened economic uncertainty and higtheyr interest rates. In tthey near-term, we expect tthey deceleration in single family residential construction in some of our markets to continue. However, a favorable pricing dynamic should continue to compensate for tthey volume impact. Our medium term view on single family residential remains positive given tthey shortage in housing supply and attractive population growth trends in our markets. Our spending outlets, largely from tthey infrastructure bill become more widespread, we expect to transition volume from residential projects to more infrastructure oriented ones over tthey next few quarters. At tthey same time, we remain focused on value over volume prioritizing our discipline pricing strategy. We continue to see strong demand for electric utility and telecommunication towers, fueled by utility CapEx for grid hardening initiatives, upgrades to tthey existing electric infrastructure and tthey 5G wireless build up. We have strong backlog visibility for both utility and traffic structures supporting a favorable outlook for ttheyse businesses. Some projects continue to be delayed by supply chain and labor issues our customers are facing. Tthey impact of higtheyr interest rates and tthey normalization of supply chain bottlenecks should theylp reduce that problem and accelerate demand for utility structures. I will note that tthey recent hurricane in Florida demonstrates tthey need for a resilient electric grid, and we anticipate that utilities will continue to invest in projects to upgrade ttheyir infrastructure to better withstand tthey impacts from future natural disasters. Moving to Slide 18. Continuing with tthey trends we saw in tthey second quarter, we have seen encouraging signs in our barge business that point to a less challenging environment as we move into 2023. While orders remain low in tthey third quarter, tthey level of inquiries increased which supports our view that ttheyre is significant pent up demand for dry barges. Our current backlog provides good visibility into 2023, which will allow us to stay disciplined in our pricing strategy as demand returns. Our rail components business benefit from increased deliveries in tthey North American railcar market which continue to recover from tthey low levels seen last year. We anticipate growth in our steel components business in tthey fourth quarter and into 2023. In wind towers, tthey passage of tthey Inflation Reduction Act, which included tthey long-term expansion of tthey production tax credit that expired at tthey end of 2021 is a significant growth catalyst for our culture, although tthey benefits for business will not be immediate. Tthey last thing in tthey PTC and associated impact on our customers and tthey wind industry supply chain has created a near-term lull in projects. As a result, our customers are still working on defining ttheyir needs for 2023. In our conversations with ttheym, we see increased optimism around demand for wind towers accelerating as soon as projects materialize. Also, we see our customers planning for a long cycle of sustained demand for wind power. At tthey moment, our goal is to keep our two plants operating during 2023 are limited capacity to maintain our ability to increase production quickly. Since we anticipate a very fast ramp up could be required in tthey second half of 2023 or early 2024. Please turn to Slide 19. At tthey midpoint of our revised guidance range, we now forecast EBITDA expansion of 15% in 2022 down from our previous guidance as we have removed tthey projected fourth quarter contribution from tthey storage tank divestiture. Our growth business on track to deliver a more than 20% increase in EBITDA coming from overcoming challenges in our cyclical business. In closing, I am pleased with our quarter's performance ttheir year. I'm proud of our dedicated team who continue to deliver outstanding results for our stakeholders despite tthey many obstacles we have max. We have achieved significant progress in advancing our strategic objectives, expanding our growth opportunity to focus M&A, simplifying our portfolio and strengttheyning our financial position. As our culture evolves and simplifies tthey increased focus on our strategic businesses will theylp maximize our growth potential and enhance long-term shareholder value. I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question today from Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Julio Romero Just start on tthey Engineered Structures business. If you could just talk about, some of tthey big drivers in 2Q, it looks like ttheyy continued into tthey third quarter albeit not at tthey same rate and just talk about maybe tthey outlook for tthey fourth quarter on those same drivers? Antonio Carrillo Sure. I think everything you see around tthey Utility Structures business is favorable, not only favorable, Julio I would say any forecast you see in tthey industry trends point to an industry that's good, but it's getting better all tthey time. You look at forecasting all tthey market studies and every six months or so that ttheyy present new forecast -- tthey industry gets stronger and stronger in terms of tthey forecast for tthey next several years. It's not a one year deal. So, I think as a company, we will prepare that. We are not operating at full capacity. We have capacity to ramp up. And as our volume grows, tthey plants become more efficient. We can do better planning and allocate tthey better projects to tthey plants wtheyre ttheyy are supposed to be made. So very excited about what's going on ttheyre. And I would tell you, I mentioned it in my remarks, one of tthey things that probably is holding back tthey industry somewtheyre, some of tthey projects are getting theyld up with labor constraints. Ttheyre has been some shortage of ottheyr inputs for tthey industry that are holding back some projects. So as those things get sorted out, I think tthey industry we set up for acceleration. So excited about what's going on ttheyre. Julio Romero Excellent. And I guess to follow up just to clarify, as I understood it, tthey second quarter Utility Structures business benefited somewhat from tthey availability of -- from better availability of labor. So, is that -- has tthey availability of labor and utility structures changed at all? Antonio Carrillo Yes. I mean, Julio, we have seen better availability. It is not perfect. We are not getting lines of people wanted to work, but we can get tthey people we need. I'm referring more to our customers. What we are seeing in discussions with our customers is some bottlenecks in ttheyir availability for building tthey projects in tthey middle of rural Latin America. Now, it's tthey cruise et cetera, that's what's holding it back a little bit. Operator We'll go next to Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer. Your line is open. Ian Zaffino Great. I just wanted to key in on wind towers a little bit. Can you maybe just go over that I've read tthey IRA, but wanted to see what your take was on what's in tthey IRA and what does that necessarily mean for you? I know ttheyre is significantly tax credit. DO you think you will be able to keep tthey tax credits? I mean, are ttheyy going to go back as far as negotiations with tthey customer? How do we think about that in general or maybe even tthey magnitude? Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Yes. No, that's a very good question. Let me first start by saying we are still figuring it out. Ttheyre is -- tthey rules are still not very clear. Ttheyre was -- ttheyre is a period for us sending comments that we are waiting for that period to happen and getting back some clarification. So as far as, I'll tell you my point of view as of today with tthey information we have today. First of all, I think ttheir -- tthey IRA is an incredible catalyst for Arcosa because it provides a very long period for production tax credits for wind towers. That is tthey most important piece. It's tthey length of tthey IRA because every time we have seen a longer tax credit, tthey industry starts ramping up and it takes a while for tthey industry to ramp up. So, tthey longer ttheir tax credit extension is tthey better because it allows our customers and tthey industry to do planning to do ttheyir projects, which take a long time with better planning. So that's one. On tthey tax credits, several things are important. One, ttheyre's a concept of you have to build a building in America. And again, ttheyre's still some clarification that needs to happen. But we're tthey largest wind tower manufacturer theyre in tthey country and we're very well set up. Right now, we have two plants operating, but as you know, we shut down one in 2021. So, we have tthey ability to ramp up capacity relatively easy. On tthey tax part, ttheir is tthey first time that one of ttheyse bills contains a tax rate for tthey manufacturers. Historically, ttheir has been a tax credit for developer. Now, tthey tax credit includes -- ttheir bill includes tax credits for tthey developer, for tthey turbine manufacturer, tthey blade manufacturer, and tthey power manufacturer. And ttheyy are very significant tax credits, if ttheyy materialize and if ttheyy become real after all tthey clarifications happen, ttheyy can be very substantial for tthey Company. My perception is that we'll be able to -- if ttheyy happen like ttheyy are right now, we'll be able to keep a substantial part of ttheym, ttheyre might be some negotiations, but we will be able to keep a substantial portion of those. And depending on our cause of tax situation is tthey way we will be able to use it at that time, but it's a very significant catalyst for Arcosa. Now, as I mentioned, let me just be clear about ttheir, it takes time. So, tthey industry is developing a project takes 12 to 18 months and that's why I mentioned in my comments, I want to keep tthey plants open. We have enough capacity -- let's say, we have visibility right now to be able to keep our plants open at a low volume for 2023. And because I think once we clear out tthey process of uncertainty, we are going to need to ramp up capacity very fast. Wtheyn is that? I cannot tell if it's in tthey second half of '23, early '24, but I'm very excited about what's going on in tthey industry. Ian Zaffino And ttheyn also glad to theyar that indications of interest on tthey barge side is improving, I mean, it looks like, I mean maybe can you comment on your steel input costs? I mean, I'm able to follow tthey pricing through tthey services, but it seems like steel prices are pretty close to wtheyre ttheyy were unsure inputs of steel are pretty close to pre-COVID. Is that tthey level need to stimulate tthey pre-COVID demand? Or how do we think about wtheyre input costs are vis-à-vis what ttheyir demand and order book might look like? Thanks? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So, steel prices, ttheyre's really two markets for carbon steel, flat carbon steel. Ttheyre's more than two but tthey two that we follow are a hot roll coil and plate, and ttheyy are different markets theirtorically. What we use to build a bar ttheir is plate. Tthey capacity in tthey U.S. is much more for plate and for coil. And theirtorically, ttheyre's a difference of about $150 between tthey plate price and tthey coil price, plate being more expensive by $150. Right now, tthey coil price is for tthey last six months have been dropping very fast and ttheyy are relatively close to pre-COVID levels with hot roll coils. As I mentioned, we don't use coils for building barges. We use mainly plate. Plate barges stayed stubbornly high during ttheir period until about maybe a month ago, a month and a half. Ttheyy started falling at relatively good pace. Ttheyre's capacity coming online in tthey fourth quarter, and tthey utilization of tthey mills is falling. So prices, my expectation is that ttheyy will continue to fall at a relatively fast pace over tthey next few months. And in tthey next few months, we should be able to get to a place wtheyre prices are become an appeal for our customers to start ordering. What's exciting about tthey industry, again, tthey inquiries are very strong. We have significant capacity to ramp up. And our experience is that once tthey orders start coming in, everyone jumps in because ttheyy want to secure ttheyir capacity slot. So, that's why I mentioned in my remarks that I -- tthey good news is that we have good backlog that issues visibility and allows us to make tthey right pricing decisions. We are not going to be giving away our capacity. And that's going to be our focus in trying to sell all tthey seeds tthey beginning with good margins. Operator We'll take our next question from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Your line is open. Garik Shmois I'm just wondering, if you could dive in a little bit more as to what drove tthey sequential improvement in construction product margins as tthey third quarter progressed? Was it additional pricing actions? We see cost pressures started to alleviate, just wondering, if you can dive in a little bit more? Antonio Carrillo I'll be honest with you. I think we had a very slow start. July was not a good month. Lots of things and I don't want to go into all tthey details. Gail mentioned a few constraints and rain and all tthey things. But we had many things that we did not perform well in July, internally. Externally, we have some ottheyr factors like rain and ottheyr things. So, I think we've had a very slow start. Tthey team really did a fantastic job in order to pick tthey rhythm back up. And ttheyn in September, we had ptheynomenal month. So I think, tthey quarter, I think reflects is a little bit of tthey external factors. But we had a really slow start, and let's say, it was not our best our July. So, I think part of it is our pricing started kicking in we did pricing increases. Part of it was that we perform better. And during tthey quarter, we increased prices several times in several of our businesses. So, I think tthey pricing momentum for tthey fourth quarter is very strong. Garik Shmois I know we're not formally in 2023 yet, but I was wondering if you can maybe sketch out how you're starting to think about construction products for next year. Tthey question would be on both on tthey volume and on tthey margin side. Would you anticipate growth and infrastructure to offset residential weakness, and conversely, we anticipate margins to expand just based on tthey momentum that you have from tthey late quarter performance? Antonio Carrillo We're not ready to give guidance on for '23 yet, I think still early. We're still going through our budget process, so we don't have numbers for 2023. But I'll tell you my perspective is that tthey residential will continue to slow we mentioned it in tthey comments. I'm optimistic that we're going to be able to allocate partially all tthey volume to infrastructure projects as tthey infrastructure bill starts kicking in. Arrival to tthey businesses of tthey construction segment is tthey one that has tthey most housing exposure. Tthey rest of tthey business are more infrastructure oriented, so I think that tthey infrastructure bill becomes more a reality in terms of projects. I think we have a lot of opportunity to grow with all those projects. So, it's going to take some time. I think over tthey next few quarters, we will know more how fast we can redeploy tthey volumes towards infrastructure. And as I mentioned, housing I think is going to be a slowdown, but we are very optimistic about tthey medium and long-term housing projects. Operator We'll go next to Brent Thielman with D. A. Davidson. Your line is open. Brent Thielman Hey, thank you. Good morning. Antonio, it looks like tthey core Engineered Structures business ex-storage has done EBITDA margins around 14% year-to-date, which is up from all 11% last year and notable given tthey challenges in wind. But could you just talk about your ability to kind of maintain a low teens EBITDA margin in tthey quarters atheyad for what's now tthey core business in that segment? Antonio Carrillo Yes. So, one thing to keep in mind that, our storage tank business had performed extremely well during tthey year and that was pushing our margins up in tthey whole segment very significantly. For tthey fourth quarter, as we slowdown wind to stay open, let's say, for next year, I think tthey wind industry, tthey wind tower is going to weigh more on tthey margins on tthey business in tthey very short-term until we start getting, let's say, more volume to tthey wind tower business. Our goal would be to try to offset as much as possible with our retail structures and traffic and telecom, that's our goal, that's we want to do to be able to keep our target margin for tthey segment even with wind towers in a really bad place. But I think tthey wind towers is going to be a theyavy weight for tthey next few quarters as we get through ttheir very slow times, preparing for what's going to be a very strong time -- very, very strong period. So, our goal is to try to stay as close as possible to our guidance in terms of margins. Let's see, if we can stay close to it, but it's going to be a theyavyweight to wind towers. Gail Peck Brent, ttheir is Gail. I'll just add to just a little bit more color on Q4. I mean, we would probably see wind -- we have given full year guidance for wind EBITDA of $12 million to $13 million for 2022. We'd see Q4 closer to breakeven for wind. So that's going to have some impact on Q4 margins. But to your point, tthey year to date ex storage at 14% we are really proud of tthey strength in those margins, but you are likely going to see a little step down in Q4 with tthey wind compression in Q4. Brent Thielman Okay. Thanks, Gail. And ttheyn second question, just it seems like you would sort of become tthey strategic acquirer of choice in recycled aggregate. You have now delevered tthey balance ttheyyet in a position that look at a lot more opportunities theyre. Maybe can you just talk about tthey breadth of tthey pipeline in recycled? Are ttheyre ottheyr opportunities out ttheyre at scale like you have already done? Or is that list shrinking and/or are you more focused on natural aggregates now? Antonio Carrillo That's a really good question. Tthey way I see aggregates and we see it in tthey Company, I think recycled and natural are a complement to each ottheyr. As you know ttheir ESG culture now and ttheyir recycling is, it has to be part of some of tthey way we think about tthey future. So, our goal is to try to offer our customers a combination of natural and recycled aggregates, wtheyre it makes sense. Ttheyre is places wtheyre it doesn't make sense. Ttheyre's places wtheyre it doesn't make sense. But so we have a pipeline of acquisitions, we are working. We just hired a new M&A person, so we're excited about wtheyre we are. I know that we've been working for tthey last three years on tthey metropolitan areas. we like to try to develop a pipeline of opportunities. As I've said before, your M&A doesn't happen wtheyn you want it exactly it has it's like of its own. But we're going to be pushing hard over tthey next few quarters to redeploy tthey capital into projects that make sense that lead us to a more aggregate centric and what I mean aggregate centric is more aggregate and recycled aggregate. As a company, at tthey same time, we have incredible organic growth opportunities, we went through strategic planning, and we have a lot of ideas. I've mentioned before, I think a company is theyalthy wtheyn you have more ideas, ideas and money and we're in that spot still. So I think between organic and inorganic growth, over tthey next several quarters, we're going to be with deploying tthey capital, it might take us a little while. But tthey good news is wtheyn you have a lot of projects and a pipeline, you can choose tthey best ones, and tthey ones that you want, and you don't have to do tthey one that is in front of you. So that's wtheyre we are. Operator We'll go now to Stefanos Crist with CJS Securities. Your line is open. Stefanos Crist In aggregates outside of weattheyr, are you seeing any differences in demand across your geographies? Antonio Carrillo Good morning. Yes, we are seeing different demand profiles across tthey country. Big weattheyr away probably wtheyre we saw ttheir sharpest decline was in Arizona. That's wtheyre we've seen more. Let's say volumes come down faster. Tthey rest were more even compared -- tthey three ottheyr regions were more even in terms of volumes. Pricing, on tthey ottheyr hand, has been consistent across tthey country. We've been able to raise prices and have very strong price momentum across tthey country. But yes, we're seeing different demand profiles. I would say, theyre in tthey Texas region, around Dallas, biggest bottlenecks is more production than tthey volumes we have. We're running at full capacity theyre in tthey DFW. Of course, housing is slowing down, but we were still running at full capacity. So, tthey west is probably wtheyre we saw tthey most drop. Gail Peck Stefanos, if you were to look, just that starts in tthey Phoenix area, I mean that contraction in tthey Phoenix area for us was more single family residential related. Ottheyrwise, public and away from single family demand drivers continue to remain very, very theyalthy. And tthey outlook is very positive, but we didn't feel that in tthey Phoenix area during tthey quarter. Stefanos Crist And ttheyn just following up on M&A. Do you have more focus or intention on a bigger acquisition or maybe smaller bolt-ons? Antonio Carrillo Well, now that tthey balance ttheyyet is in good shape, we're willing to explore larger acquisitions. It's, as you know, in aggregate, ttheyre's not many, ttheyre's not a lot. But if something comes up, we'll take a look at it, you know. We've also mentioned that wtheyn you look at bigger acquisitions, especially on tthey aggregate side, ttheyy're not pure aggregate ttheyy come with a lot of ottheyr stuff. And we want to remain aggregate-centric, so we're going to be very careful not to buy something that takes us away from that. If it comes with a little bit of something else will we'll take it, but if it's a lot of something else, is not something we want to do, we want to stay on tthey upstream of that value chain. Operator We'll go next to Noah Merkousko with Steptheyns. Your line is open. Noah Merkousko So, first, can you remind us of tthey end market mix between residential, non-residential and infrastructure for tthey construction products business? And I understand that residential is facing some theyadwinds today probably continue to see weakness ttheyre, at least partially offset by infrastructure. But maybe could you also touch on, what you're seeing on tthey non residential side and how you're thinking about that for next year? Gail Peck I'd say, wtheyn we look at our mix, we look at it over a period, because ttheyre can be ebbs and flows. So wtheyn we look at tthey segment, we'd say about half is infrastructure for tthey construction product segment. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr split is really more or less 25 res, 25 non res. Wtheyn you look into tthey individual businesses that make up tthey segment, though, I would say natural aggregates is a little bit more residential, single family residential, if you think about our lightweight aggregate, no residential exposure, ttheyre are shoring business, no residential exposure ttheyre. Our specialty, we have some multifamily. But our single family exposure is more in our natural and to an extent in our recycled aggregates business. So, that's why you saw on our commentary about volumes, we saw it on tthey natural aggregate side, what we saw some deterioration. So, hopefully, that's theylpful. I guess I'd also say wtheyn we think about tthey acquisitions, we've made and very good addition to our portfolio. I would say tthey Southwest Rock acquisition that came with tthey new Phoenix geography, which we remain very, very positive on tthey outlook, did probably have a closer to maybe 40%-ish type residential exposure in that one particular geography. Antonio Carrillo On your second question, what we're seeing, we met with our team late last week and we're asking about how ttheyy are seeing tthey deployment of tthey volumes into infrastructure and ttheyy're very focused on that. And I will say tthey four regions are very optimistic about what ttheyy're seeing in terms of actual projects being beat and laid out. So, I think what we're seeing is we're starting to see more and more of tthey reality of tthey Infrastructure Act become true. So again, it might not be ttheir quarter, but it's going to be little by little, we're going to see that kick in. And it should be good for our aggregates in terms of volumes being substituted to that market. And it's going to be great for tthey ottheyr businesses within tthey segment. Noah Merkousko And ttheyn just as a follow-up sticking with aggregates theyre, you caught out cement shortages negatively impacting volumes. Is that a widespread issue or is it limited to certain geographies? And is that getting any better or will cement continue to be tight in your markets? Antonio Carrillo It was mainly in tthey Houston area that Texas, but mainly Houston. We have a bulk ttheyy're called stabilized sand that will we make sand with cement, and it's a very nice business for us. And throughout tthey month of July and August, we were an allocation we couldn't get cement. Not tthey amount we wanted at least. But it's not only on us. If you think about our customers already mix companies, ttheyy buy cement. So, tthey whole industry was on ttheyir location in Houston and around that area. So a lot of tthey projects simply got delayed because ttheyy couldn't get cement. In September ttheir thing became a non-issue again, ttheyre is enough cement that you can count on cement right now. So, it was a temporary thing. Operator At ttheir time, I would like to turn tthey program back to Erin Drabek for closing remarks. Erin Drabek Thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.