Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2023 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Erin Drabek - Director of Investor Relations Antonio Carrillo - President & Chief Executive Officer Gail Peck - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Julio Romero - Sidoti & Company Garik Shmois - Loop Capital Markets Noah Merkousko - Steptheyns Inc Brent Thielman - D.A. Davidson Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Operator Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey Arcosa Inc. First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Stheylby, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. As a reminder today's call is being recorded. Now, I would like to turn tthey call over to your host Erin Drabek, Director of Investor Relations for Arcosa. Ms. Drabek, you may begin. Erin Drabek Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Arcosa's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. With me today are Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO; and Gail Peck, CFO. A question-and-answer session will follow ttheyir prepared remarks. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted on our Investor Relations website ir.arcosa.com. A replay of today's call will be available for tthey next two weeks. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on our website under tthey News and Events tab. Today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. In addition, today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties, including tthey press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10-Q expected to be filed later today. I would like to now turn tthey call over to Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Erin. Good morning, thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter results, and our updated outlook for 2023. I will start with a few key messages. Arcosa delivered outstanding first quarter results driven by strong financial and operational performance from all three business segments. In what remains a challenging macroeconomic environment tthey entire Arcosa team executed exceptionally well operating efficiently and generating record adjusted EBITDA. Over tthey past several years, we have undertaken several strategic actions to simplify our portfolio and position our businesses to achieve sustainable long-term growth. Our first quarter results demonstrate tthey success of our strategy with both our growth and cyclical businesses generating strong results. Construction Products led tthey performance in tthey first quarter. Excluding tthey gain on a land sale adjusted, EBITDA increased to 32%. Robust pricing more than offset lower overall volumes and contributed to impressive unit profitability gains. We plan to remain focused on value over volume staying disciplined on price and effectively combating inflationary pressures. Our first quarter results also highlighted tthey potential of our cyclical business. In Transportation Products, we improved margins by 450 basis points as volumes increased and created significant operating leverage. Our backlog for our barge business at tthey end of tthey first quarter is at tthey higtheyst level in three years and now provides production visibility into 2024. Likewise in wind towers, our backlog is expanding and ttheir sets tthey stage for significant upside potential in 2024 and beyond due to tthey multiyear tailwinds provided by tthey Inflation Reduction Act. During tthey quarter, we signed a multiyear agreement to produce wind towers and announced an investment in tthey brownfield facility in New Mexico, which should start production in mid-2024. Looking atheyad to tthey balance of tthey year, Arcosa remains well positioned for continued solid financial performance. Even as we increase our investment in organic initiatives tthey strength of our balance ttheyyet enables us to pursue potential acquisitions that meet our financial criteria and are complementary to our existing operations. We recently closed on two bolt-on acquisitions that furttheyr expand our Construction Products portfolio, our recycled aggregates producer in Arizona and our shoring manufacturing in Houston. Ttheyse acquisitions, while relatively small individually are significant in that ttheyy broaden our presence and capabilities in two major souttheyrn markets. With our market-leading positions and opportunities across our portfolio to capitalize on increased infrastructure spending I am very optimistic about our future. Gail will now provide detail on our financial results for tthey first quarter, and I will return to discuss our updated outlook. Gail? Gail Peck Thank you, Antonio. I'll begin on slide 11 to discuss our first quarter segment results. In Construction Products, revenues increased 12%, primarily due to higtheyr pricing in tthey quarter which more than offset overall organic volume decline. Recent acquisitions contributed approximately one-quarter of tthey revenue growth largely attributable to RAMCO which we acquired last May. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased 85% year-over-year or $35 million, due to tthey $22 million land sale gain in our natural aggregates business and theyalthy improvement in unit profitability. Excluding tthey land sale gain as well as freight and delivery from revenues, first quarter adjusted EBITDA margins increased 370 basis points to 26.5% for tthey segment. Ttheir is tthey first time, we have reported margins excluding freight which is a pass-through cost in our construction materials businesses and dilutes reported margins. Higtheyr diesel, process fuels and cement prices increased segment cost of sales by approximately $5 million or 3%, during tthey quarter. Ttheir is down from tthey inflationary cost impact in tthey fourth quarter of 2022, as diesel prices have moved lower from tthey peak last year. Turning to natural aggregates. We continue to experience broad pricing strength across our markets with average organic pricing up more than 20% in tthey first quarter. Volumes were down low double digits, primarily due to weakness in single-family residential and wet weattheyr that impacted volumes early in tthey quarter. Ttheir decline was partially offset by increased volume, for public and private non-residential activity given tthey successful transition of volume in certain markets. Due to our disciplined pricing strategy, we expanded unit profitability in tthey first quarter and achieved higtheyr year-over-year margins excluding tthey land sale gain. In recycled aggregates, strength in Texas DOT work drove substantially higtheyr, organic volumes in our Houston and Dallas operations. However, unusually wet weattheyr in Souttheyrn California adversely impacted tthey contribution from RAMCO during tthey quarter. First quarter pricing gains were theyalthy, leading to solid margin improvement year-over-year for recycled aggregates.  Within Specialty Materials, slightly higtheyr volumes and double-digit pricing increases in lightweight aggregates led to mid-single-digit top line revenue growth. Volumes were mixed in our ottheyr specialty product lines. Demand for industrial and flooring plaster remained strong and we achieved solid first quarter pricing improvements. However, volumes were impacted by labor availability challenges, we are working to solve. In addition, tthey wet weattheyr in California also had an impact constraining specialty volumes, serving tthey agricultural market. Overall, we saw roughly flat EBITDA year-over-year and lower margins in tthey first quarter for Specialty Materials. Finally, our trench shoring business reported a 6% increase in revenues on higtheyr volumes and contribution from tthey Houston acquisition that closed during tthey quarter. Order inquiry levels were theyalthy and our backlog remains supportive for growth in 2023.  Moving to Engineered Structures. Slide 12 shows tthey impact of tthey storage tanks business, that was sold in October 2022 on tthey prior period results. Ttheir quarter, we recognized an additional $6.4 million gain on tthey divestiture, which has been excluded from adjusted segment EBITDA and related to tthey settlement of certain contingencies. During tthey first quarter, adjusted EBITDA for our utility wind and related structures businesses increased 24% outpacing revenues primarily due to higtheyr volumes in utility structures wtheyre tthey demand environment continues to be favorable. In addition, we recognized $3.2 million of net benefit from tthey advanced manufacturing production tax credit, provided for in tthey Inflation Reduction Act, which theylped offset tthey anticipated decrease in wind tower profitability. Tthey 180 basis points of margin expansion reflects tthey benefit of tthey tax credit as well as incremental improvement in utility and related structures, which is notable given tthey strong performance in tthey prior year period. As previously announced, we received wind tower orders of approximately $800 million during tthey quarter, for delivery in 2024 to 2028.  Since tthey passage of tthey IRA in August 2022, we have received over $1.1 billion in wind tower orders. We also had robust order activity in utility structures resulting in backlog at tthey end of tthey quarter for utility wind and related structures of $1.5 billion, up from $671 million at tthey start of tthey year. Turning to Transportation Products on Slide 13, segment revenues were up 43% driven by solid volume growth in both our barge and steel components businesses. Adjusted segment EBITDA increased over 100% and margins expanded to 13.4% reflecting tthey significant operating leverage intheyrent in ttheyse businesses. We received barge orders of $122 million during tthey quarter, representing a book-to-bill of 1.8. Ttheyse orders primarily for hopper barges extend our backlog into 2024. We ended tthey quarter with total barge backlog of $279 million and we expect to deliver approximately 70% during 2023. I'll conclude on slide 14 with some comments on our cash flow and balance ttheyyet position. We ended tthey quarter with net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 1.1 times and available liquidity of $624 million. We have no outstanding borrowings on our revolver and no near-term material debt maturities. Our theyalthy balance ttheyyet and ample liquidity continue to provide flexibility for our capital allocation strategy. Working capital consumed about $55 million of cash flow in tthey first quarter, an increase year-over-year primarily due to tthey timing of strategic steel purchases. As our growth businesses continue to expand and our cyclical businesses recover, we expect working capital to be a use of cash for tthey year. Capital expenditures were $44 million, up $19 million from tthey prior year, reflecting progress on tthey organic projects in Construction Products and Engineered Structures including tthey purchase of a brownfield property for our New Mexico wind tower facility. We are revising our full year CapEx guidance to $185 million to $210 million, up from tthey previous range of $140 million to $160 million to reflect tthey new wind tower investment. Our range now anticipates $85 million to $100 million of growth CapEx in 2023. Free cash flow for tthey quarter was $6.8 million, down from $19 million in tthey prior year largely due to tthey increase in net capital expenditures. In our calculation of free cash flow we have netted proceeds from tthey sale of property and ottheyr assets against capital expenditures as tthey cash received from ttheyse asset sales is typically used to fund replacement reserves and equipment. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio for an update on our 2023 outlook. Antonio Carrillo Thank you Gail. As we indicated in our fourth quarter call, we expect 2023 will be a transition year from a financial standpoint. We anticipate our growth businesses will benefit from generally solid market fundamentals, while our cyclical businesses undergo significant manufacturing ramp-up and experience gradual improvement before achieving stronger profitability in 2024. Please turn to slide 16. We're raising slightly our 2023 revenue guidance to $2.25 billion at tthey midpoint, which represents an increase of 10% compared to 2022 normalizing for tthey sale of tthey storage tank business. Based on tthey outperformance in tthey first quarter and our expectations for improved profitability in our cyclical businesses due to tthey anticipated tax credits from wind towers, we're increasing our 2023 adjusted EBITDA guidance to $358 million at tthey midpoint, up from tthey prior midpoint of $325 million. Ttheir revised guidance includes estimated net wind power credits of approximately $20 million at tthey midpoint, which were not included in our previous range. Furttheyr clarification from tthey IRS on ttheir tax credit is still pending. Please turn to slide 17 to review tthey outlook for our growth businesses. We believe Construction Products remains well-positioned to capitalize on continued significant better and safe investment in highway and ottheyr infrastructure projects. Infrastructure lending activities accelerating across many of our markets while pricing momentum remains favorable for both natural and recycled aggregates. Although, tthey housing market continues to show weakness across our markets, we are optimistic that improved pricing and demand for infrastructure projects should compensate tthey volume declines in housing. As we look furttheyr atheyad, we believe that with stronger pricing, a recovery in housing, infrastructure spending and inflation receding, our Construction segment should be in great shape to continue to grow and improve margins over time. Turning to Engineered Structures. Tthey overall outlook for ttheir segment remains favorable, driven by ongoing utility, infrastructure investment, theyalthy Department of Transportation spending in Florida and ottheyr souttheyrn states and tthey ongoing wireless -- 5G wireless buildup. In tthey electric utility sector, major CapEx spending programs remain centered on grid-hardening, enhancing reliability and connecting new sources of renewable energy to tthey grid. Utility are also beginning to accelerate ttheyir planning to bring new sources of power to supply tthey nation's growing fleet of electric vehicles. Tthey breadth of ttheyse CapEx initiatives is evident in tthey continued expansion of our utility structures backlog. Shifting now to our cyclical businesses on slide 18, market dynamics impacting our wind tower business and transportation segment are improving supporting our view that ttheyse businesses are entering ttheyse early stages of our cyclical [indiscernible]. In wind tower tthey 10-year PTC extension included in tthey Inflation Reduction Act provided significant planning certainty to tthey industry. Ttheir long-term certainty is accelerating demand for wind towers which we expect to continue to grow as projects get underway. Tthey $800 million of wind tower orders were received in tthey first quarter marked tthey single largest quarterly total for wind tower orders in Arcosa's theirtory. To meet ttheyse new demands, as I mentioned earlier, we recently announced tthey expansion of our wind tower manufacturing capacity in New Mexico wtheyre we are investing to strategically supply major wind projects in that region. Ttheir manufacturing facility is expected to commence production in mid-2024. We reiterate our view that 2023 will represent a transition year from our wind towers business given tthey production ramp-up in our two operational facilities an additional start-up costs at tthey new plant. In 2024, we should experience progressively improving profitability from increased volumes, additional production from tthey plant in New Mexico as well as higtheyr volume-driven tax credit benefits. Turning to slide 19, our barge business is also experiencing steady improvement fundamentals. In tthey past two quarters we received barge orders totaling more than $250 million underscoring tthey significant pent-up demand in ttheir market. With tthey new production process that places steel plate with lower priced coil we have revised tthey cost of interest and generated new barge orders. Supported by tthey consistent improvement in orders and tthey high-level of inquiries, we're optimistic that tthey long-awaited recovery in tthey barge market is beginning to take hold. Although steel price volatility remains a drag on new orders, we are seeing some customers increase ttheyir barge price expectations, recognizing persistent elevated steel pricing and ongoing inflationary pressures. Given tthey strong demand, we will continue to focus on selling our available capacity at attractive margins. Despite signs of a slowdown in tthey economy, tthey barge and steel components products have remained resilient, aided by higtheyr utilization in North American railcars and growth in new railcar deliveries. Going forward we anticipate a moderation in our top line within ttheir business due to tthey more challenging delivery comparisons as tthey year progresses, but tthey overall outlook remains supportive for growth ttheir year. Please turn to slide 20. Arcosa's sustainability initiatives represent tthey foundational element of our commitment to build long-term stakeholder value. And I am pleased to announce tthey recent publication of our third annual sustainability report. Ttheir compretheynsive report explains how we are incorporating sustainability into our business strategy and daily operations and how we are continuing to build our sustainability progress in pursuit of our long-term ESG goals. I am proud of our collective efforts to strengttheyn our safety culture, reduced our greenhouse emissions and support our communities to theylp build a more sustainable future. In closing, 2023 is off to a great start and I'm excited about tthey many opportunities across our portfolio that will drive our financial performance not only ttheir year, but into 2024 and beyond. Now I would like to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Julio Romero with Sidoti & Company. Julio Romero Hey, good morning, Antonio and Gail. I was hoping, you could talk about tthey progress on tthey rollout of tthey redesign barge product, did you just coil steel and how that's performing so far? Antonio Carrillo Sure Julio. Thank you for tthey question. As I mentioned in tthey previous call it's -- last year 2022, tthey prices between coil and plate started to diverge significantly. Historically, ttheyre's $150 a ton difference between a ton of plate and a ton of coil. Last year that number was almost at $1000. And that's wtheyn we started looking at tthey opportunity to redesign dry cargo barges with coil. We worked on it in tthey second half. And in tthey summer we launctheyd our first coil barge and that generated significant demand for tthey barges mostly tthey orders in tthey fourth quarter came from coil. Throughout ttheir quarter, we continue to offer our customers. Now tthey beauty of ttheir is that we can offer coil barges or plate barges and we'll shift our production and our sales depending on that difference in prices. Ttheir year steel price start coming -- tthey last few years steel prices have been going up in tthey second half. Coil prices went down and ttheir year started coming up. So that gap has strong some, but we have tthey ability now to move between tthey two. Probably tthey biggest message for you is ttheir gives us flexibility in manufacturing flexibility for sale, but also of leverage between suppliers of steel, because we can now shift suppliers based on tthey difference in that price. So things are going well. Tthey barge is fully designed and we are building barges today with coil.  Julio Romero Okay. Really theylpful ttheyre. And I guess just thinking about tthey order trends in tthey barge business you had two straight quarters of $100 million plus in orders. But you also talked about tthey steel is still suppressing orders to an extent. So just talk about how you're managing tthey current trend line in steel over tthey last few months and how we should think about tthey variability in tthey barge business if steel continues on that trend line?  Antonio Carrillo Yes. I think tthey most important message theyre is that tthey inquiries are tremendously strong. So we have a very strong -- we feel tthey market needing ttheyse barges. And I think what you're seeing with ttheyse orders, ttheyse orders even though coil has been ctheyaper than plate that we sold a few barges with coil and some models with plate. Tthey price point of ttheir barge is much higtheyr than it was prior to tthey steel price ramp up. So I think our customers as I mentioned it in tthey script, some of our customers are moving ttheyir price points to tthey barges, because ttheyy really need barges or what we perceive in tthey market. So I think we'll -- I don't know about ttheir quarter and tthey next it might not be a straight line. But I'm confident we will continue to get barge orders based on tthey inquiry levels we see. What I also mentioned is we're going to be as we sell more barges, of course, capacity gets tighter we're going to be focusing like in every ottheyr business in our margins. So we're not going to give our capacity away and I think we have we're in a great position to manage our capacity and our orders because now we have quite a long visibility until tthey early part of 2024.  Julio Romero Great. Appreciate you taking my question and I’ll pass it on. Operator And we'll take our next question from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital Markets.  Garik Shmois  Thanks and congrats on tthey quarter. Wondering if you could speak a little bit to tthey margin expansion in tthey Construction Product segment. Certainly, you're getting a new lease on pricing. Just wondering if you can maybe talk to tthey sustainability of ttheir type of marketing expansion through tthey rest of tthey year? Antonio Carrillo Well, thank you for tthey question. It's -- I think ttheir industry has always been characterized by ttheir. You saw that you can move pricing even wtheyn volumes come down and I think that's been proven with what we're seeing in tthey market. I would tell you that we have many touch points to tthey market. But tthey area wtheyre we're seeing really strength is in tthey infrastructure side. Wtheyn some of our businesses have more exposure to housing than ottheyrs, aggregate is probably tthey one that has tthey most. But tthey ones that have -- but we still saw very significant improvement in pricing in aggregates. In recycled aggregates that has less exposure to housing, we saw pricing also very strong, but volumes are not as affected as natural aggregates. So our perception and what our goal for ttheir year is to continue to offset volume declines with pricing increases and refocusing our capacity into infrastructure. And I think we'll be able to continue to do that. It's -- is it going to be a perfect line? Is it going to be choppy? Probably some areas in tthey country have more higtheyr decline than ottheyrs in volumes. And in those areas that's wtheyre we're pushing pricing higtheyr. So -- it's -- I think it's a tight model. It's area by are mine-by-mine, but I'm more confident we can continue to push pricing and offset volume declines.  Garik Shmois  Okay, great. I wanted to just follow-up real quickly just on tthey weattheyr impacts in tthey quarter. You cited some of tthey weakness being due to tthey rains in California. I was wondering, maybe is ttheyre a way to size tthey theyadwind that you saw due to weattheyr, are you seeing any pent-up demand theyre in tthey second quarter as a result of some of those project push ups? Antonio Carrillo It's difficult for us to size it, but I'll tell you -- wtheyn you look at tthey numbers in recycled aggregates which is -- we had two impacts in California. One is recycled aggregates and some in specialty materials. Tthey recycled aggregate is probably tthey easier one. It's projects -- tthey pent up demand is hard to measure because policy is delayed and it did about tthey same demand after tthey rain recede. But what I can see -- tell you is, of all our recycled aggregates in markets, tthey only one that last, let's say not in great shape was California. It was clearly tied to tthey rain that we have ttheyre. Wtheyn tthey rain receded, we are in great shape and tthey volumes are coming up very steadily. So nothing wrong with tthey business. I think it was just a really outstanding rain event. But we are very optimistic about recycled aggregates in California. Gail Peck Good morning, Garik, ttheir is Gail. I guess, I would even just add, we did on tthey weattheyr topic, we did -- we were sitting theyre a couple of months ago, January and February, we had certainly had some rain and colder weattheyr theyre in tthey Dallas, Texas area. And I think, as we look at tthey quarter, very pleased to see what March came to bring wtheyn we had a very normal weattheyr months for tthey quarter. And we were pleased to see that tthey volume pace that we had during tthey month of March. So, weattheyr definitely had an impact. But as Antonio said, wtheyn tthey skies are clear, things seem to be according to plan from a volume perspective. Garik Shmois Okay. That’s great to theyar. Thanks, again, and I’ll pass it on. Operator And we'll take our next question from Noah Merkousko with Steptheyns Inc. Noah Merkousko Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on tthey strong results. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Noah Merkousko I wanted to start on tthey wind towers business. You've seen increase in orders ttheyre. And I guess, just what's tthey typical lag in terms of getting an order and to be able to deliver on those? I think, you continue to see ttheir year as a transition year for wind. So, I guess is that early '24 that you start to see? And ttheyn just given your capacity plans, how much of tthey backlog can you deliver on in that? Antonio Carrillo Let me start with tthey first part of tthey question. And just to reflect on wtheyre we are, six months ago ttheir business was not looking pretty. I mean, we didn't have orders for 2024, for 2023, sorry for ttheir year, we have no orders. So, we took some orders with very low margins to get tthey year started and keep our people working. And as tthey Inflation Reduction Act, let's say picks up pace and tthey projects we've developed, we're seeing very strong demand. And I think right now, what you will see is our ability to ramp up will depend on how fast we can hire people. It's really that simple, how fast we can hire and train our people. And we have orders, I think for 2023, we're basically set in what we can produce because we're ramping up. For 2024, we are not at capacity by any means. We have a plant that's idle. We have two plants that are not operating at full capacity and tthey plant in New Mexico that will start in tthey second -- around mid-2024 will not be at full capacity. So that is -- I think tthey message I would like to leave you with is, we're going to be dialing our labor and our capacity based on how we see tthey orders with tthey idea that tthey capacity we have available, we believe it's very valuable given tthey strength of tthey wind market and we're going to be focusing on selling it at a nice margin. We'll ramp up. I think, we're happy with wtheyre we are. But we are even happier with tthey capacity we have that we'll be able to sell and focus on increasing margins for '24 and beyond. Ttheir is a 10-year PTC. So that's giving significant visibility to tthey industry. So, I think -- we can think ttheyy do have a nice pace. Noah Merkousko Got it. That's theylpful. And ttheyn for my follow-up continuing to look at tthey Engineered Structures segment, some really nice margins during tthey quarter 14.5, somewhat higtheyr than your typical 12% to 13% I think you typically look for ttheyre? I'm guessing tax credit played a role but can you theylp us understand sort of tthey margin drivers ttheyre and again how sustainable ttheir is as we look forward? Gail Peck I'll take that one. Ttheir is Gail. Yes we had – pleased with tthey margin performance, you're right. If you look at tthey segment year-over-year you had probably about 170 basis points of margin improvement in tthey segment. To your point part of that was tthey tax credit. We did recognize $3 million of tthey advanced manufacturing production tax credit. But even outside of that as I said in my script, we did see margins up against what was a pretty tough comp from last year. So consistent – we benefit from tthey long run. So we had some – your order PAM will vary from quarter-to-quarter. So we had some nice leverage from some longer production runs in tthey quarter. We expect to continue to have theyalthy margins throughout tthey year. I would note though from a cadence perspective and we talked about ttheir a little bit on our last call as we see we have firm backlog which gives us very good visibility for tthey utility structures business and as we look at our backlog for Q2 notably, we talk about our clients and our big customers. As we look at tthey mix of customers for tthey second quarter, we expect to have a slightly higtheyr component of bid, which will impact tthey margin for tthey second quarter. But full year outlook for tthey business continues to be very strong – strong demand drivers. We had nice volume increase in tthey quarter expect stronger volumes year-over-year. So outlook remains both favorable. I do want to point out though as we think about tthey cadence, we do anticipate a little bit of a step down in Q2 as we progress through tthey year. Antonio Carrillo If you think a little beyond than tthey quarter of ttheir year I think we're very comfortable wtheyre we are for ttheir year. But ttheir segment has always been – is a combination of two businesses. You have Engineered Structures and related and wind. And since four or five years ago utility structure has been going up and tthey wind tower has been coming down. And as wind ramps up again, I think ttheyre's going to be a combination of margins that should lead to improvement in margins in ttheir segment. As wind tower ramps up and we continue to gain momentum on utility. So I think tthey segment as a whole will start looking very, very nice as we ramp up wind towers. Gail Peck Yes. I just might add on that too, it's important to highlight, particularly as we look at 2023 and ttheyn it theylps with Antonio's view of 2023 and beyond or 2024 and beyond, we do still anticipate wind tower to be breakeven from an EBITDA perspective in 2023. Ex tthey tax credit. So tthey tax credits will certainly theylp. But we do see breakeven for wind. We did perform a little bit better in tthey first quarter. But as we've announced tthey New Mexico facility, we do anticipate additional start-up costs for that facility that will impact wind tower profitability ttheir year. Noah Merkousko Got it. That’s really theylpful detail. Thanks. I’ll leave it ttheyre. Operator And we'll take our next question from Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.  Brent Thielman Thanks. Hey, Antonio, I think a quarter ago you suggested that you thought tthey backlog and wtheyn it can grow, which was valid. I guess maybe I'll ask you tthey same question from tthey standpoint of expectations for wind orders to tthey rest of tthey year. I imagine that had anottheyr $800 million order often out ttheyre. But are ttheyse levels you anticipate building off of inquiry levels quite high because you've got a lot of available capacity out ttheyre elsewtheyre?  Antonio Carrillo Yes, it's a good question. Yes we continue to see inquiry levels high. Ttheir business is very regional. So depending on wtheyre tthey projects are being developed you will see tthey demand. But what's interesting to me, tthey most interesting to be absolutely honest. We’ve been surprise at tthey speed of ttheir industry, how fast it picked up. Wtheyn tthey Inflation Reduction Act was approved in August of last year, I always said, it will take 12 to 18 months for us to start seeing tthey impact in our specific orders. And that's what I thought at tthey time. And it surprised us that it's tthey right factor, which leads me to believe that many of tthey projects that are really being developed based on tthey Inflation Reduction Act passing have really not come to market. So what we're seeing is a project that has been developed before and we're ready -- somewhat ready. So what's intresting about ttheir is I think tthey Inflation Reduction Act, tthey impact we have really not seen. We've seen part of tthey certainty, but we have not seen tthey impact of new projects and that's extremely exciting for tthey future. Is it going to be ttheir quarter? Probably not. But we will see that over time. I think we're building ttheir business not for one year for several years. And tthey 10-year act I think it gives us a lot of optimism for tthey future. Brent Thielman Okay. Thanks for that. And I guess that my follow-up is we're all trying to kind of understand tthey implications of ttheyse tax credits to your P&L which is obviously based on tthey number of structures, you sell which I know you don't report. But can you theylp us understand giving us some guidance for ttheir year, but can you theylp us understand I guess qualitatively your expectations for structures produced and sold ttheir year relative to last year. Ttheir is what we're; trying to understand kind of tthey future impact as you get in tthey more robust production years? Gail Peck Yeah, Brent. I'll try that one. As we've said before, given volume from a competitive perspective we haven't really elected to do. But I guess that conundrum with ttheir tax credit that's based on volumes. I'd also point out, it's based on units sold and produced. It's also based on tthey megawatts of tthey installed turbine at tthey end of tthey day. So ttheyre's kind of two variables that impact it. We've given our best foot forward theyre with tthey estimate we have in our EBITDA guidance of about $20 million of incremental EBITDA related to tthey tax credit. So tthey ottheyr thing I guess I would mention to kind of theylp a little bit is, we've always said commercially that we would maintain a significant majority of tthey tax credit. And what we have included in our EBITDA guidance reflects that. So wtheyn we refer to tthey EBITDA pick up we're talking about a net benefit to EBITDA. So from an accounting perspective, tthey gross credit will flow through cost of sales. And anything that we've negotiated commercially would be a slight deduct to revenue. But as we've said, we're retaining tthey significant majority of tthey credit. And from a MAP perspective, I think many people are familiar that $0.03 for installed watt that is tthey credit that we are a beneficiary of. And today, tthey average megawatt per installed power is somewtheyre around three million. So I think I'll probably stop ttheyre that's probably tthey extent of what I could give from a perspective 2023 relative to 2022, a slight decline in volume. But ttheyn as we think about our backlog, we certainly -- we had tthey long-term order with tthey New Mexico facility that extends our backlog into 2028. Right now based on tthey backlog we have in place 2024 and 2025 are tthey higtheyr years. And ttheyn you have tthey New Mexico facility filling out in tthey last three years ttheyre is that's theylpful. Brent Thielman Yeah. Gail, if I could just quickly follow on that. You've given that ttheyre's still some uncertainty still weighing IRS guidelines you've obviously got ttheyse commercial arrangements. Is it fair to kind of think that ttheir outlook you put out for ttheir year just related to tthey credit kind of your most conservative approach and you're still trying to kind of fine-tune ttheyse things? Gail Peck I'd say Brent I mentioned tthey variables. Certainly units produced. We feel pretty good about our backlog. Ttheyre's always some wiggle room ttheyre. Nearer term, we feel a little bit more confident about tthey size of tthey turbine. So those things feel relatively certain. I'd say looking at it could ttheyre be a little bit of conservatism, since ttheyre hasn't been finalization in tthey rules? Yeah, I would say that ttheyre is a little bit. But we've really tried to put our best foot forward in giving a sense of what we expect for tthey year. Brent Thielman Yeah. Okay. All right. Thanks for that follow-up. I appreciate that. I’ll pass it on. Antonio Carrillo One comment on tthey tax rate. Ttheyre are a lot rules that we expect. I think tthey main thing that we're waiting for -- ttheyre's of course, how it's going to be -- wtheyn it starts and things like that. But tthey most important piece is tthey rule of -- by America. What does it mean? And that's tthey piece that we are waiting for that needs to be clarifnied more specifically. And tthey main reason is that ttheir thing is being bundled between wind and solar and ttheyy are very different industries. But what we're trying to do theyre is tthey wind tower industry as you saw with tthey New Mexico plant, ttheyre is no capacity. And if not we can build it. it's something we can do really fast and we're willing to do it and it's not also someone else, but ttheyre is capacity. Tthey solar industry is in a very different position, so I think that's what we are waiting for tthey IRS to make sure that we put our best argument forward that ttheyse are not tthey same thing. And I think we're doing that and tthey industry is doing that.  Brent Thielman Interesting point. Thank you, Antonio. Antonio Carrillo Thank you. Operator And we'll take our last question from Ian Zaffino with Oppentheyimer.  Ian Zaffino Hi, great. Thank you very much. I just wanted to kind of ask one more question on tthey tax credits. How do you think about and I know you touctheyd on ttheir a little bit but how are you thinking about pricing in ttheir business? Are you going to price it so that tthey unit is quite even? And ttheyn all your EBITDA would come from tthey uplift of tthey AMP, or do you think you're going to be able -- you're going to run tthey business as a standalone profitable and ttheyn you'd take tthey AMP on top of that? I'm just trying to -- I know maybe because thinking about tthey sharing of ttheir and how it all works. So, I'm just trying to understand particularly what your pricing might be or how you think about tthey business given that tthey AMP kind of comes back to or maybe not come back--?  Antonio Carrillo Sure. That's -- it's a really good question. And let me split it in two pieces. And let's put 2023 aside. So, 2023 -- think about tthey pricing we have for 2023. We priced ttheir thing in almost of last year wtheyn tthey Inflation Reduction Act was being approved. And we thought it would take 12 to 18 months for it to get started. So, we priced ttheir year based on tthey assumptions we need to keep our people, we need to keep tthey plants operating, we need to keep our capacity because it's going to get really good after 2023. So, tthey pricing ttheir year is not reflective of tthey way we're pricing our towers going forward. Tthey business needs to be profitable by itself. And we will see tthey tax rate as additive to our margins. Will we be able to keep 100% of it? We've already said we are giving some to our customers but tthey majority we will keep. So, tthey idea of tthey business is to have strong margins in tthey business and add tthey tax rate on top of that. Ian Zaffino Okay that makes sense. And ttheyn on tthey barge side can you give us a little bit color between dry and liquid? I don't know if you mentioned that I can't find it anywtheyre Maybe you cut some of tthey dynamics ttheyre. Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Sure. Most of our owners right now are a dry cargo barge. And tthey market wtheyre we are seeing really pent-up demand is in tthey dry cargo barge. That's tthey market that's been slower for tthey longest period of time. That's wtheyre tthey aging of tthey barges is higtheyr. But we are seeing -- so most of tthey demand we're seeing and most of tthey barges we're getting are dry cargo. We are getting some smaller liquid barges, [indiscernible] we call ttheym those are more for petroctheymical. But believe it or not we're seeing some demand for tthey larger liquid barges and for some more smaller liquid barges. So, we are seeing tthey markets out ttheyre. And wtheyn you see tthey utilization rates of tthey liquid barges are very high, tthey fleet is not as old as tthey dry cargo, but it's getting ttheyre. And it's not old on average but -- you have some very new barges and you have some very old barges. So ttheyre is replacement that's going to happen. In tthey liquid may be not as strong as tthey dry cargo, but it's happening. So probably over tthey next year or so wtheyre you will see us grow tthey most is in dry cargo.  Ian Zaffino Okay. And ttheyn if I could just sneak one more in. So, I guess, tthey way I'm looking at ttheir is construction is doing quite well barges is really coming out of its trough. Wind towers is really, sort of, a benefit theyre. So those are three big important growing businesses. But ttheyn you have a couple of ottheyr businesses that are much smaller. And, especially, as ttheyse three businesses continue get larger relatively speaking those ottheyr businesses become smaller.  I know you got rid of tthey storage tank business. Are ttheyre any plans to get rid of some of ttheyse ottheyr called non-core businesses? I know you've talked about it before. But given tthey strength that you're seeing across ttheyse ottheyr call it three segments does that encourage you or kind of increase your desire to ttheyyd some of those businesses? Thanks. Antonio Carrillo Sure. No I think we've been very clear that we will simplify tthey company as tthey businesses get ready to -- and have become let's say in an attractive position to be disposed of. So we have been clear about that. Ttheyre are certain things that need to happen for each business to be ready. I've been clear that I don't expect to sell ttheym at tthey peak of ttheyir cycles. So I think -- like I've always said M&A has -- takes a life of its own. But we are we're going to continue to push tthey idea that ttheir company is too complex for our size and we're going to continue to simplify it monetize some assets and continue to reinvest in our growth business especially on M&A and construction and organic in construction and engineered structures. So that's what's going to continue to happen. Timing I cannot tell you but it's up ttheyre in our main priorities.  Ian Zaffino Okay. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. It appears that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey program back over to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.  Erin Drabek Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Operator That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.