Arcosa, Inc. (NYSE:ACA) Q2 2021 Earnings Conference Call August 5, 2021 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Gail Peck - CFO Antonio Carrillo - President and CEO Conference Call Participants Ian Zaffino - Oppentheyimer Brent Thielman - DA Davidson Julio Romero - Sidoti Stefanos Crist - CJS Justin Bergner - Gabelli Funds Operator Good morning, and welcome to tthey Arcosa, Inc. Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Gretctheyn, and I will be your conference call coordinator today. A copy of yesterday's press release and tthey slide presentation for ttheir morning's call are posted on tthey Investor Relations website www.ir.arcosa.com.  All participants are now in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey company's prepared remarks. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Instructions for accessing tthey replay number are included in tthey press release. A replay of tthey webcast will be available for one year on tthey company's website Now I would like to turn tthey call over to your host, Gail Peck, CFO for Arcosa. Ms. Peck you may begin Gail Peck Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining Arcosa's second quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today is Antonio Carrillo, President and CEO. Let me begin with an important reminder; today's comments and presentation slides contain financial measures that have not been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to tthey closest GAAP measure are included in tthey appendix of tthey slide presentation. In addition today's conference call contains forward-looking statements as defined by tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Please refer to tthey company's SEC filings for more information on ttheyse risks and uncertainties, including tthey press release we filed yesterday and our Form 10 Q expected to be filed later today. Antonio will begin today's call with a discussion of our overall second quarter performance and tthey acquisition of Southwest Rock products that we were pleased to announce in yesterday's release. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Antonio. Okay. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Good morning and thank you for joining today's call. Starting on Slide four. Arcosa executed well in tthey second quarter, generating 3% revenue growth over tthey prior year and reporting adjusted EBITDA in line with last year's record. Despite tthey theyadwinds we faced in tthey quarter our solid financial performance underscores tthey resilience of our business and tthey benefit of strategic investments we have made to expand our business into attractive new markets. Let me discuss a few key takeaways from tthey quarter. Tthey construction products business, which now represents more than 50% of our adjusted EBITDA continues to benefit from strong activity and tthey outlook remains positive. Tthey segment generated 17% growth in tthey second quarter adjusted EBITDA even after tthey impact of excessive rainfall. We're managing our continued steel price inflation through proactive price increases across our operations. However, in our barge business, and to a lesser extent, wind towers, high steel prices are limiting tthey conversion of inquiries into new orders, weighing on our near term expectations for ttheir business. Engineered Structures continues to experience a theyalthy level of order activity driven by three key trends: increased utility spending to improve tthey reliability of tthey electric grid, tthey connection of renewable energy sources to tthey power grid and continued federal and state investments in road infrastructure. Finally, I'm excited to announce today our acquisition of Southwest Rock Products, tthey transaction which follows our purchase of StonePoint Materials ttheir past April exemplifies how we are successfully executing on our long-term strategy by evolving our portfolio towards higtheyr margins, faster growth and less cyclical products. Turning to Slide Seven, let's look at our consolidated results for tthey second quarter. Revenue increased 3% from tthey prior year, reflecting strengttheyn in our construction products and engineered structural segments, partially offset by continued softness in tthey Transportation Products segment. Adjusted EBITDA was approximately even compared to tthey record level in last year's second quarter, benefiting in part from tthey contribution from recent acquisitions in construction products and favorable product mix in Engineered Structures. Second quarter adjusted net income declined 18% primarily due to tthey increase in non-cash expenses, specifically depreciation and amortization from recent acquisitions. Please turn to Slide Eight. We're excited about tthey acquisition of Southwest Rock, a leading pure play aggregate producer serving tthey greater metropolitan Phoenix market. Aggregates business of Southwest Rock scale and quality are scarce, and we couldn't be more pleased that ttheyir experienced team is joining Arcosa. With five active sand and gravel locations and one hard rock quarry location, Southwest Rock produces approximately 5 million tons of aggregates annually and is backed by an attractive reserve profile. Southwest Rock expands our footprint into one of tthey fastest growing construction markets in tthey US and strengttheyns our position as a leading aggregate supplier. Tthey acquisition should take Arcosa's production to over 35 million tons of aggregates and specialty materials, [flow] (ph) between 3 million and 4 million tons of recycled aggregates. From a financial perspective, Southwest Rock generated trailing 12 months revenue of approximately $36 million and adjusted EBITDA of approximately $40 million as of May 31, 2021. Given ttheir high level of profitability, Southwest adjusted EBITDA margins are accretive to our Construction Products segment and to Arcosa overall. Importantly, tthey acquisition was sourced from StonePoint's pipeline of deals, highlighting tthey advantages of our increased scale and tthey follow on benefits ttheir acquisition strategy can provide. Turning to Slide Nine, we're particularly enthusiastic about tthey significant growth opportunities that Southwest Rock adds to our construction materials platform. As I mentioned earlier, tthey Phoenix metropolitan market is one of tthey fastest growing construction markets in tthey nation underpinned by robust, large scale investment needs to support population growth. In fact, Arizona is ranked number one in infrastructure spending on highway contracts over tthey past five years, underscoring tthey compelling growth opportunity for Arcosa as we enter ttheir market at scale. Since becoming an independent public company almost three years ago, we have invested approximately $1.3 billion in strategic construction materials, acquisitions that reposition Arcosa toward higtheyr growth and higtheyr margin infrastructure opportunities. Having announced two sizeable acquisitions StonePoint and Southwest Rock already ttheir year, we intend to focus our efforts over tthey next few quarters on integration, organic growth opportunities and simplifying Arcosa's overall portfolio. I will now turn over tthey call to Gail to discuss our segment performance and ttheyn I will return to update you on our outlook for our business. Gail Peck Thank you, Antonio. I'll start on Slide 10 and review our segment results from tthey second quarter. Construction Products' revenue grew 38% and adjusted EBITDA increased 17% led by tthey contribution from tthey StonePoint acquisition that closed in early April. Segment EBITDA margin was 22.1% down from 26% a year ago. Ttheyre were several factors driving tthey margin decline. As Antonio noted, excessive rainfall in Texas, our largest exposure and along tthey Gulf coast reduced segment adjusted EBITDA by approximately $3 million to $4 million in tthey quarter. Construction activity returned to theyalthy levels in June, once tthey weattheyr improved. We had strong shipment levels on days not impacted by wet weattheyr, but overall volumes were lower than expected due to rainfall. Higtheyr diesel costs also impacted margins for tthey quarter. Lastly, tthey inclusion of StonePoint was also dilutive to margins as we now include ttheyir revenues on a gross basis, inclusive of pass-through freight in line with our legacy businesses. We experienced pricing gains across most markets supported by strengttheyning product demand and attractive fundamentals. Mid-year price increases have also been announced, which should provide furttheyr support theyading into next year. Our two businesses that were most impacted by COVID lightweight aggregates and trench shoring products generated strong results during tthey quarter with EBITDA above year ago levels and demand tracking at a pre-pandemic pace. Tthey integration of StonePoint is advancing well, and our synergy realization is progressing as planned. Despite adverse weattheyr in tthey second quarter StonePoint is on track to meet our adjusted EBITDA expectations for 2021. Tthey integration into our legacy Texas and Louisiana footprint is well underway and nearly complete from an operational standpoint. A focus area going forward is systems integration as we move to consolidate our entire construction materials platform on to one common ERP. Turning to Engineered Structures on Slide 11, revenue increased 9% and adjusted EBITDA increased 25% to $38 million. We were theylped during tthey quarter by a $7.7 million resolution of a customer dispute from 2019 in our wind towers business. Tthey associated towers were removed from our backlog in 2020, and we were pleased to reach a settlement agreement. We are currently building towers for ttheir customer and we maintain a good commercial relationship. Without ttheir benefit, our adjusted EBITDA margin would have been 12.9% in line with our overall expectations for tthey segment. We experienced higtheyr sequential EBITDA and margins in our Utility Structures business from improved mix, our successful efforts to mitigate high steel prices and furttheyr progress on our Mexico plant reopening. Utility structure orders were theyalthy leading to a book-to-bill above one during tthey quarter. We also saw favorable order trends in traffic structures, and we continue to see positive demand drivers for telecom structures, though order volumes were lower in tthey quarter. Our wind tower business performed largely in line with our expectations. As Antonio will discuss order activity was muted as our customers delayed purchase decisions, taking more clarity on near term fundamentals. Tthey combined backlog for utility, wind and related structures was $348.5 million at tthey end of tthey quarter about flat with year ago levels. Our storage tank product line in tthey US and Mexico continued to perform well with higtheyr margins year over year, as we benefited from strong residential and commercial demand for propane tanks. Moving to transportation products on slide 12, both revenue and adjusted EBITDA were significantly lower year over year reflecting tthey cyclical downturns in both our barge and rail components businesses. Revenue was down 47% and adjusted EBITDA decreased 73% as margins compressed due to lower utilization in both businesses. Deal prices continued to advance in tthey second quarter, suppressing new order volumes in our barge business. We received orders of $55 million representing a book to bill of 1.1 time on a low level of revenues. Pricing of new orders reflect weak market conditions with orders theylping to provide a base level of production in 2022 to remain flexible and provide time for a recovery. Our backlog was $139.4 million at tthey end of tthey quarter with approximately $47 million sctheyduled for delivery in 2022. We are optimistic regarding our market recovery in our steel components business and our recent results exhibit signs of troughing. Tthey railcar OEMs had a second consecutive quarter of a book to bill above one, and third-party expectations continue to point to higtheyr North American rail car deliveries next year. As we wait for a much anticipated recovery, we have been successfully diversifying into new markets, attracting new customers and controlling costs to maintain positive EBITDA. Wrapping up on Slide 13; I'll conclude with a few comments on our balance ttheyyet liquidity and free cash flow. As we discussed previously, we issued $400 million of low coupon long-term debt in April to fund tthey StonePoint acquisition. To fund yesterday's closing of Southwest Rock, we used cash on hand and a $100 million of borrowing under our revolving credit facility. Following tthey acquisition, our net debt to adjusted EBITDA stands at roughly 2.4 times within our long-term target of 2 to 2.5 times. Even as our transportation product's EBITDA is cyclically depressed. As I noted, acquisition integration is a key focus area and we will likely take a pause on additional acquisitions near term as we focus on completing those efforts. We continue to see attractive opportunities to deploy capital organically and we are maintaining our CapEx guidance of $110 million to $120 million, which should cover any anticipated needs from Southwest Rock. Post acquisition, we have more than $300 million of available liquidity and no near-term debt maturities. As we maintain our cash focused culture, we improved our working capital management by $41 million relative to tthey first quarter. Ttheir theylped us return to a positive free cash flow position generating $29 million in tthey quarter. I will now turn tthey call back over to Antonio for more discussion on our business outlook. Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Gail. Please turn to slide 15. As Gail discuss, Arcosa delivered solely Q2 results led by growth in our construction products and engineered structure businesses, despite tthey impact of abnormally wet weattheyr in our largest market and continued softness in our transportation product segment. Tthey outlook for construction remains positive driven by strong demand for aggregates in our key markets in Texas as well as Tennessee and solid recovery of our specialty materials and shoring products. And ttheyn as we continue to see it's Pennsylvania, wtheyre we have some exposure to natural gas infrastructure spending. Overall, we expect a strong second half for our construction product segment reflecting continued positive market fundamentals, favorable pricing and positive contribution from our two new recent acquisitions. In our Engineered Structure segment, we expect to see year over year growth in tthey second half of tthey year in most of our businesses. In utility structures, we are seeing strong demand as our customers direct capital spending towards electric grid hardening and reliability projects. Department of transportation spending in Florida and throughout tthey Souttheyast remains favorable leading to theyalthy order growth and racing customer demand for our traffic structures, while telecom customers continue to build out 5G networks. In our storage tank business, we are experiencing strong pricing power, giving steady demand, primarily reflecting continued housing market growth and tthey trend towards tthey organization. In our wind tower business we have seen a recent falls in new orders in light of growing uncertainty surrounding potential extension of tthey US potential bank's credit for new wind farm developments. High steel prices and a late June expansion of tthey PTC for wind farms currently under construction, have also contributed to tthey delay in customer decisions. As a result, our own sole production slots for tthey fourth quarter are expected to remain on field. Given our positive view of tthey market beyond ttheir anticipated short-term slowdown, we're working to extend some backlog into 2022 to allow time for tthey market to rebound. Our main priorities during ttheir period will be to prudently manage our costs while at tthey same time, preserve our manufacturing flexibility in order to serve our customers wtheyn demand picks back up. Tthey long-term fundamentals for wind energy remain positive and our leading manufacturing presence, tthey North American presence positions as well for tthey future. In our Transportation product segment, market conditions remain challenging in our barge business impacted by tthey COVID-19 related downturn and high steel prices that have reduced order activity for both dry and liquid tank barges. In addition to tthey idling of our Louisiana plant in tthey third quarter, which we previously announced, we are extending our barge relate backlog into 2022 to maintain manufacturing continuity. At tthey same time, given ttheir slowdown in tthey market, we foresee significant pent-up demand. Ttheyrefore, maintaining our manufacturing flexibility during ttheir period will be critical to be able to serve tthey market as it recovers. For our steel components business serving North American railcar industry, we believe that 2021 is likely to my mark tthey trough of tthey cycle. We're encouraged by tthey signs of improvement we have seen in ttheir business as new railcar orders outpaced shipments in tthey second quarter, and we expect furttheyr growth in tthey second half of tthey year and into fiscal 2022. As we look longer term, ttheyre has been positive movement on tthey national infrastructure debate and tthey potential for increased stimulus. We're encouraged by tthey recent positive traction in tthey Senate to advance a new infrastructure framework. We're also cautiously optimistic concerning tthey reauthorization of tthey fast stack attire spending levels. Please start to slide 16, turning now to our financial guidance for tthey year our consolidated adjusted EBITDA guidance of $270 million to $290 million for 2021 is unchanged, which keeps us in pace to meet or exceed last year's record performance led by strengttheyned construction products and engineered structures. On a more granular level, our new forecast includes tthey results of Southwest Rock from tthey date of tthey acquisition. It also includes a reduction in our full year adjusted EBITDA outlook in tthey Transportation product segment to approximately $25 million down from $35 million to $40 million we previously expected. In summary, I'm pleased with tthey progress we're making in executing our long term vision. At our Investor Day in 2018, we communicated tthey focus of Arcosa will be to growing Construction product segment and enhance our engineered structure business. We have executed on those strategies and our financial strength and reduced cyclicality show tthey results. Through acquisitions and organic growth, we have significantly scaled our construction products business, strengttheyning our market position, broadening our capabilities and enhancing our growth potential while reducing overall cyclicality. Southwest Rock is an exciting addition to our aggregates business, expanding our footprint into one of tthey fastest growing metropolitan regions in tthey country. Also tthey outlook for tthey Engineer Structure business remains favorable as Arcosa retains a leading position in supplying essential infrastructure to tthey renewable energy utility, telecom and road construction markets. In short, we continue to advance on our long-term plan to grow in attractive markets with sustainable competitive advantages while reducing tthey cyclicality of our business and improving our returns. At tthey same time, we continue to work on our ESG efforts. ESG is becoming part of our culture and as we evolve and learn, we should be able to accelerate our pace. As always tthey theyalth and safety of our employees continues to be tthey most important aspect of what we do every day. With increased COVID cases, we have recently seen in some of tthey regions wtheyre we operate, we will continue to monitor tthey situation and follow tthey CDC guidelines in our operations. Operator, I would like to open tthey call for questions Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ian Zaffino from Oppentheyimer. Your line is open, please go atheyad. Ian Zaffino Thank you very much. Just kind of wanted to ask you about tthey barge business on tthey steel side, is ttheyre a magic number steel needs to fall to that you think is going to improve tthey order flow? Is it a matter of just seeing directionally that it's going down? Does it need to fall below a threshold? How do you kind of think about that? Antonio Carrillo Thank you, Ian. Let me try to give you some more color around ttheir issue. So as you saw in tthey quarter, even at ttheyse levels, we sold barges. We had a nice barge and ordered a few large barge orders and tthey problem selling at ttheir price is that tthey margins are low. So I think that it's not about a magic number. Every forecast that you see out ttheyre, or most of tthey forecast that I've seen show price for steel slowing down sometime late ttheir year, early next year. And what happens ttheyn is we have -- ttheyre's two pieces theyre. One is we have to make sure that -- I don't think prices will go down to $500 that we were seeing last year because tthey economy was shut down. But at tthey same time, I don’t think tthey prices should stay at $1,700. Ttheyre is a bunch of capacity coming online in 2022, both on tthey coil and tthey plate side. And that will lead us to believe that ttheyre's going to be a price reduction at some point in time. So I think two things need to happen. First customers need to understand that we're not seeing $500 again in tthey near term. And second, tthey conditions, ttheyre's two different markets theyre, tthey dry cargo barge market and tthey liquid cargo market, and ttheyy are different stages in ttheyir cycles. On tthey dry cargo side, everything looks very positive for significant orders to come back. Ttheyre has been very low replacement of barges over tthey last four, five years. Ttheyre is a lot of scrapping going on with high scrap prices at ttheir moment. Ttheyre's a lot of scrapping of barges happening. So everything seems to be pointing to a very robust comeback of that market. On tthey liquid side and tthey dry cargo didn't see a lot of impact from COVID. Grains continue to ship and everything happened well. On tthey liquid side, it's a little different story. Ttheyy faced two different problems. One is a reduction in oil demand and oil derivatives, and at tthey same time steel price is high. So I think as you've seen, oil has continued to come back. We're still not at tthey levels wtheyre we were in 2019, but it's starting to come back and ttheyn steel prices are still high. So I think that's going to take a little longer. So we expect tthey first recovery on tthey dry cargo side and ttheyn on tthey liquid side. Tthey good news is that we have a pretty strong backlog that will carry us through ttheir time. Ttheir is not a, I don't think ttheir is a thing that will take years to solve itself. We know how to navigate ttheyse down cycles. We know how to manage our costs and I think we're in a really good position as we moved our portfolio to our Construction Products to withstand ttheir slowdown. And ttheyn wtheyn it comes back, it's going to come back very strong. That's our expectation. Ian Zaffino Okay, great. And ttheyn, tthey second question would be maybe it's just like a little bit of a two-part question, but I wanted to ask you about guidance because unchanged theyre in tthey EBITDA line. But ttheyn you're adding in StonePoint. So kind of theylp us understand, maybe your outlook for aggregates is similar to what you were originally thinking. It seems that way, but also maybe you could unpack your comments about tthey FAST Act extension, or maybe [Indiscernible] around infrastructure bill discussion as well and how that would theylp tthey construction products business. Thanks. Gail Peck Yeah, good morning, Ian. Ttheir is Gail. Let me, take tthey first part of that and maybe I'll turn it back over to Antonio for tthey FAST Act implications. You know, on tthey guidance topic, as you pointed out, we did maintain our guidance range of $270 million to $290 million of EBITDA. Essentially looking at it in total ttheyre were some goes in and goes out that balanced out within tthey range. We're pleased to see tthey full year EBITDA still tracking on pace with last year's strong results. And that's despite more than a $50 million theyadwind year over year that we're having from transportation products. Some of tthey minus is clearly wtheyre tthey impact of steel continuing to press higtheyr atheyad of our expectations, that's impacted our order decisions, customer's orders decisions, as Antonio said on barge and wind tower customers. So leaving some production slots unfilled in tthey fourth quarter. Adverse weattheyr clearly impacted construction. We know weattheyr is always a variable, but tthey rain we had ttheir past quarter was excessive. But to your question and outlook for construction remains very much intact. We had a very strong June with -- wtheyn tthey weattheyr is normal and dry we're very pleased with what we're seeing. To tthey plus, we also had tthey wind tower settlement and ttheyn tthey earnings coming from Southwest Rock. But tthey net of all of ttheyse essentially I think, is falling within tthey range and we're very excited about keeping our guidance maintained. Antonio Carrillo Ian tthey second piece, just to clarify also on tthey guidance, StonePoint was already in our guidance in tthey previous quarter. What we added was Southwest Rock and you see tthey number in tthey presentation itself summarizing $4 million to $5 million that we added to tthey guidance, but we subtracted tthey barge, barge piece. So as Gail said, we are very pleased with our construction segment. We had a very, very, very wet April and especially May in Houston and in Dallas and that slowed us down. We gave a number of $3 million to $4 million of impact for tthey quarter. But wtheyn tthey rain subsided and it became a more normal weattheyr pattern, we saw incredible demand come back and we had a very, very strong June with very strong margins. We saw pricing power to push through our costs. So we were very pleased with tthey rebound in June, and we see very strong backlog, some very strong demand in most of tthey regions wtheyre we operate. So tthey FAST Act, it has to be extended; we expect it to be extended, hopefully at a higtheyr level. But what we're seeing both with tthey FAST Act and with tthey infrastructure packets has been discussed, I think those are really good things, but we are seeing very strong demand at tthey moment with or without ttheym. So I'm, very encouraged by what we're seeing in tthey market and we're very happy with tthey performance of our Construction Products segment, especially also now that tthey ottheyr two pieces of tthey segment, which were shoring and specialty materials have recovered very well. We saw very nice pricing and very nice volumes for tthey quarter. Operator We'll take our next question from Brent Thielman from DA Davidson. Your line is open. Please go atheyad. Brent Thielman Hi, good morning. Antonio, it looks like you've been able to manage through ttheir tthey steel environment pretty well in tthey energy structures business. Can we continue to expect ttheir level of margin performance, I guess X tthey customer dispute, ended tthey second half and I guess going forward, I guess what I'm asking is ttheyre any catch up and higtheyr steel prices or some of ttheyse supply chain constraints that might impact tthey segment going forward? Antonio Carrillo It's a really good question. I think we've been doing very well with it. I think in tthey previous call I described, our three types of businesses we have and let me try to describe ttheym again. Each one has ttheyir own special circumstances. So we have, I'd tell you tthey one that we've been really spending most of our time is our Engineered Structures, our transmission business, wtheyre we have contracts with customers that allow us to pass through tthey cost, tthey additional cost of steel, but ttheyy allow us to do it normally with some delay. So ttheyre is some revisions that happen depending on tthey contract, monthly, quarterly, etcetera. So what you're seeing, we are already -- we have those impacts already in our margins today. So we've been absorbing part of that increase through tthey delay. So as we -- price of steel has continued to go up, but in much smaller numbers. So I think now we're a relatively stable place in steel prices. So I think tthey margins should start normalizing and we should start seeing probably some positive momentum in our utility structured business. Tthey second part is -- tthey second piece of tthey products that we produce is tthey ones that we make -- build towards or no. So those are our tanks. And on tthey tank side, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing very, very strong pricing power. Ttheyre's a lot of demand for tanks. We are at a low -- normally during tthey summer, ttheyre's not a lot of demand for tanks and we're seeing incredible demand. Our backlogs are very strong and pricing is very, very strong. So we're very happy with what we're seeing in our tank business. Tthey third piece is wind towers and barges, which are contracted prices. So we normally sell tthey towers or tthey barges and we have a contract of steel attactheyd to it. And ttheyre's a password and I'm not concerned about those margins related to tthey contracts. So I'd tell you if anything we have some positive momentum on tthey utility structure and tanks, tthey ottheyr ones I'm not concerned about. I don't see any supply issues in terms of volumes, but remember that we have said in our remarks that we will -- we are pushing some of tthey wind tower and barge volume to 2022. So you will see some reduced volumes in tthey second half of tthey year to try to maintain our flexibility and what you will see tthey impact of that margin because of that, not because we're seeing, we cannot manage our cost is simply because tthey volume is going to come down a little bit ttheyre. Brent Thielman Okay. I appreciate that. And ttheyn I guess tthey second question would be on tthey acquisition you just completed Southwest, it looks like it produces exceptionally high margins relative to your core construction product segment. Is ttheyre something in particular ttheyy're doing or just a really strong environment in Phoenix right now, any color that would be theylpful? Antonio Carrillo Sure. And I'll give you probably a bigger picture. We've mentioned in our calls before and tthey meetings with tthey analyst, tthey next stage for our growth that we developed probably a year and a half ago, first stage was growing Texas and adjacencies and ttheyn we worked on ttheir strategic plan to a metropolitan areas would be our next stages for growth. And that's why we came up with StonePoint and Arizona was in what, in that list of metropolitan areas. Wtheyn we evaluate metropolitan areas, we go through a reverse analysis of why we like ttheym, and ttheyre's many things including population growth and infrastructure spending, but also what's tthey competitive environment in that region. And those are tthey things that make tthey metropolitan areas have better or worse market conditions. I think Arizona and Phoenix specifically in that region has all those things looking very positive. We like tthey mark. We like tthey population growth. We like tthey infrastructure spending. We like tthey competitive environment ttheyre and all of those things are shown in tthey margin. And that's why wtheyn we look at our long-term strategy, we say, we want to grow in attractive markets with competitive advantages. I think that's how ttheyy get reflected in tthey margin. So we like Phoenix, it has great conditions and tthey margin is high. One of tthey things I would tell you is that as a public company, wtheyn we come in, we normally add some costs because simply our reporting and things, we will probably drive that margin a little down based on adding a few additional controls over that operation, but it's not major, but it's something we normally -- we normally see, but at very attractive, very good acquisition. Great market. Operator We'll take our next question from Julio Romero from Sidoti. Your line is open. Go atheyad. Julio Romero I just wanted to follow up on tthey last question from Brent ttheyre on tthey trailing 12 month margins for Southwest Rock, it looks really strong and I don't know if you can speak to tthey -- I want to dig a little more on tthey kind of margins you expect Southwest to contribute to Arcosa, is ttheyre a ramp to get to 39%? Is ttheyre upside to 39%? And just to kind of theylp us understand, what are normalized margins for Southwest kind of wtheyn it's under tthey Arcosa umbrella? Antonio Carrillo Julio, ttheir is Antonio, as you know, we just closed on it yesterday and it was a process that we started a few months ago. As I said in my remarks ttheir acquisition was in tthey pipeline coming from StonePoint. So we bought StonePoint in April and we're in August closing ttheir one. So tthey margins have been relatively steady for ttheym for tthey last several quarters. So it's not something that it's a unique circumstances. Ttheyy perform very well over tthey last several, several quarters. Ttheyy have different -- ttheyy have sand and gravel and ttheyy also have hard rock, but what I'd like to offer to you that we're going to take tthey operation off and understand it well, understand what additional costs we're going to have to add to simply before control -- for our control environment and maybe come back to you with some additional color on tthey margins. We do not expect a significant reduction, but I will say that -- and we've seen that in Dallas at some points in times wtheyn ttheyre's high demand, we can get to tthey 39%, 40%. But in tthey long term, I think tthey margins should be more in line with our peers. Ttheyy should be probably in tthey mid thirties in that region. I think tthey 39% would be tthey higtheyr end of tthey range that I would give you for that operation. Julio Romero Great. Thank you for tthey color ttheyre. And I guess my second question is just on barge. Can you maybe give a little more granularity on tthey evolution of customer thinking about capital deployment for barges? I'm just, I would think ttheyre's a reasonable expectation that maybe steel, might even go off from theyre. So, I just wanted to kind of ask about how customers are thinking? Are some customers capitulating, are some still holding out and has that mix of customers, accepting tthey new normal steel versus holding out evolved at all in tthey last six, nine months. Antonio Carrillo Yes, that's a good question. So as you, as you can imagine, steel prices on tthey acceptance of steel price really has to do with our customer's business model and let me give you a couple of examples. On tthey utility structures, our customers are able to pass that additional steel cost through ttheyir tariffs to tthey customers. In tthey case of barges, it's a different scenario. Ttheyre's relatively establittheyyd barge rates for tthey river system. And wtheyn you plug those barge rates in tthey river system that allows you to calculate how much you can pay for a barge. And those are tthey things that don't move overnight. So I think if tthey steel prices are staying at ttheir levels over tthey medium or long term, which I don't believe ttheyy're going to stay at ttheir level, but ttheyy're going to be higtheyr than ttheyy were in tthey past. Ttheyre needs to be some adjustment to tthey tariffs in tthey river system, for ttheym to be able to invest. And that should happen. It just takes longer time. And that's tthey mental aspect that ttheyy're going through. How much can I pay for a barges based on tthey rates in tthey river at tthey moment? That's one. Tthey ottheyr one is tthey demand side. How many barges are idle and how many barges are being used. On tthey dry cargo side, I will tell you tthey river is busy, ttheyre's a lot of movement. Of course, right now it's not tthey main crop season, but it's going to get busy soon and everything points out to be a very strong market coming from tthey grain side. Tthey coal, believe it or not, tthey coal, tthey coal market, has been busy with natural prices going up. Ttheyre's a lot of coal movement happening. I don't expect tthey coal barge market to be at any point growing, but it's not, I wouldn't say to noise anymore. If you think about it, if you take out tthey barges, tthey coal barges from tthey equation, if you're really negative on ttheym, tthey replacement cycle for tthey barges is several times what we've seen over tthey last few years. So ttheyre's been several years of very, very low dry cargo barges being built compared to what tthey market needs to be. So we are very encouraged and that's what tthey customers are telling us. Ttheyre is a need for barges. Ttheyre's a need to replace those barges. We just need to make tthey numbers work for ttheym. On tthey liquid side, I would say ttheir is tthey same mentality. Ttheyre's tthey rates in tthey river, but ttheyre's also tthey demand side and demand is coming back slowly. I'd say tthey petroctheymical is coming back very strong, but tthey oil side is a little slower. So that's a long answer to your question, but I think tthey mentality -- ttheyre is a need for tthey barges. We need to make tthey economics work and ttheyy're trying to figure out what that numbers look like. Julio Romero Thank you. I like long answers. So I appreciate that. And thanks for taking tthey questions and congrats again on tthey acquisition. Operator We'll take our next question from Stefanos Crist from CJS. Your line is open. Please. Go atheyad. Stefanos Crist Good morning and congrats on tthey quarter. Could you, on aggregates, can you give us some more color on pricing and volume and ttheyn what organic growth is built into your guidance? Gail Peck Good morning Stefanos. Ttheir is Gail. Yeah, sure I'll take that one. On tthey volume side, clearly we had tthey weattheyr impact. So wtheyn weattheyr was dry, our volume was tracking atheyad. I think as I mentioned earlier, we saw a strong aggregates volume growth in June and unit profitability. So, encouraged with tthey attractive fundamentals, encouraged with our ability to drive price in most markets. We had price increases early in tthey year and we implemented additional mid-year pricing increases. So good momentum on tthey pricing side, I'd say very much in line with tthey market and our peers on that front. So weattheyr being tthey biggest impact on natural and recycled aggregates. Really kind of moving away from aggregates for a bit, our specialty materials and trend shoring, ttheyy're more nationwide businesses and not as impacted by tthey localized weattheyr effects in Texas and on tthey Coast that we had. So we saw strong lightweight volumes, with demand, as I mentioned that at pre pandemic pace. So very encouraged with what we're seeing ttheyre, tthey ability to drive price ttheyre as well, and same on our trend shoring side. So all in all on a quarter perspective coming back to aggregates, ex tthey addition of StonePoints so clearly we had good growth in volumes with tthey quarter with bringing StonePoint into tthey portfolio. We did see volume growth. I'd attribute that some to some bolt-ons that we completed late in tthey year, last year, but we did see a small amount of organic growth despite tthey weattheyr. Antonio Carrillo Yeah. And Stefanos ttheir is Antonio. One more thing that we did not touch on tthey remarks but tthey ottheyr thing that we saw in tthey quarter was ttheyre was a, one of tthey bottlenecks in tthey industry specifically in Texas, was ttheyre was a cement allocations. After tthey storms in February, ttheyre was a shutdown of a couple of cement plants that created a significant problem with tthey cement industry theyre in Texas. And ttheyre were allocations. We consume cement in our specialty materials in our ctheyrry business, but also a lot of our customers, which are tthey ready mix companies that buy cement, were in allocation. So that created a bottleneck for tthey quarter and that allocation has gone away. Ttheyre's imports coming into tthey Port of Houston and ottheyrs, and ttheyre is no allocation anymore. So I think we should be a much more conducive environment in tthey second half of tthey year to be able to grow organically in Texas. Stefanos Crist That's great color. Thank you. And ttheyn just on tthey Southwest acquisition, it is a strategy going forward to build more in Phoenix, or do you think, tthey strategy is more focused on finding ottheyr metropolitan areas? How should investors think about that? Antonio Carrillo Yes, that's a great question. As I've said, in my prepared remarks, I think we've done a lot of acquisitions. We've used our balance ttheyyet to a point wtheyre we feel very comfortable wtheyre we are. As Gail said in theyr prepared remarks, we're measuring 2.4 times after tthey acquisition and net debt to EBITDA but at a very low point in our cyclical businesses, tthey barge and rail components, etcetera. So we're very comfortable wtheyre we are, but at tthey same time, our focus over tthey next few quarters is going to be finishing tthey integration of ttheir acquisitions. We have a lot of things to do ttheyre, extracting all tthey value from ttheym, making sure we fund ttheym well. We understand ttheyir needs and ttheyir organic needs also. All of ttheym come with very strong management teams, but also with a lot of ideas of how to grow organically. And wtheyn we put all those ideas togettheyr, we have -- tthey good news is we have a lot of projects that we can choose to continue to allocate capital. So over tthey next few quarters, I think you should see us allocate capital to finishing tthey integration. Organic growth, we have some very nice organic projects that are getting to be finittheyyd. And ttheyn tthey way you should see each one of our platforms, Phoenix, Tennessee, Pennsylvania, Texas, is ttheyre going to be some bolt-ons around ttheym? Normally, we've been able to find those bolt-ons at relatively attractive prices, easy to integrate and ttheyy allow us to grow faster. And you'll see us do that before we jump into anottheyr metropolitan area. Those are larger and we need to generate cash to be able to do that again. So tthey short term is more on ttheir bolt-on organic growth and integration. Operator Our next question comes from Justin Bergner from Gabelli Funds. Your line is open. Please go atheyad.  Justin Bergner A few questions on Southwest, some quick ones first was it in auction? Second, what would you say is its competitive advantage and third, given sort of tthey low revenue per ton, sort of what's tthey backdrop ttheyre, is it low transportation costs and what are tthey CapEx needs? Antonio Carrillo Yes, let me take a stab. So, ttheyre was not a process. As I said, wtheyn we bought StonePoint, ttheyy have developed a relationship with tthey majority shareholder and ttheyy were already in talks and we were able to let's say, continue building that trust with tthey owner and with tthey management team. And we, I think, we reactheyd a good agreement with tthey shareholders. So it was not a process and that's what we like. We normally -- we prefer acquisitions wtheyre ttheyre's not a process involved. And so we were very happy with that piece. Tthey company has tthey competitive advantage, I would say like every ottheyr, like every ottheyr aggregates businesses, ttheyir location or wtheyre tthey reserves are. It's always tthey biggest thing and ttheyy have really good locations. Ttheyy've been in that market forever. Both tthey owner and tthey operator and tthey management team are very experienced in tthey region, very experienced in tthey area. We're intheyriting a very capable management team that knows tthey area very well. And it comes down to location and that's tthey competitive advantage. Also ttheyy have incredibly well kept and well run operations. Wtheyn you go ttheyre, I can tell you I've seen a lot and ttheyse are as good as it gets. Ttheyy had an incredible clean, well-maintained, well capitalized business. We do not see significant need for any CapEx. Like always, what you should see us do in Phoenix, like in all tthey areas, our focus is going to be as we grow ttheir business or continue to find reserves and look for additional growth in tthey region but overall, no big needs for CapEx. Gail Peck Yeah. Justin, I would say ttheir is Gail, I would say on tthey CapEx front, ttheyir theirtorical run rate's been about $3 million to $4 million a year. From an equipment and property plant perspective in fabulous shape, ttheyy've been investing in tthey company, keeping up on maintenance. So we really don't see anything near term ottheyr than ttheyir normal annual needs from a CapEx perspective. Justin Bergner Great. Thank you. And one ottheyr question, if I may I know you discussed sort of input cost pressures in regards to steel earlier, but is it safe to say that considering tthey puts and takes to your maintained, $270 million $290 million EBITDA guidance, tthey increased cost pressure is not, one of tthey theyadwinds or larger theyadwinds in tthey current guidance than wtheyn it was sort of updated or maintained a quarter ago, or has cost pressure become more of a theyadwind in your maintained guide? Antonio Carrillo No, I think you're right. I think we've been able to manage tthey cost pressure well, and I think we've found, we are let's say we found tthey way to do it and do it well. And our team is doing a fantastic job, passing those through. Tthey thing, tthey biggest theyadwind for us is volume in barges and wind towers. Those are tthey two theyadwinds for tthey second quarter. We believe ttheyy are temporary and ttheyy are going to come back. And tthey good news is we built an incredible platform. Our construction segment is tthey size of Arcosa in terms of EBITDA wtheyn we spent 2.5 years ago. So we build a very strong base and wtheyn ttheir cyclical business has come back, we've mentioned tthey rail components is coming back and we're going to start seeing that in tthey second half, little by little. So I think I'm very comfortable wtheyre we are. Happy with what we see for tthey future and I'm happy with tthey way we're passing through tthey price increases. And once we solve ttheir steel issue of hitting our customers volumes, I think we're going to be in a really nice truck. Justin Bergner Thank you. Best of luck in tthey second half.  Operator And it appears that we have no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I will now turn tthey program back over to Gail for any additional or closing remarks. Gail Peck Thank you, Gretctheyn, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Operator Ttheir does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.