ACADIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Cantor Virtual Global Healthcare Conference September 16, 2020 11:00 AM ET Company Participants Steve Davis - Chief Executive Officer Michael Yang - Chief Commercial Officer Conference Call Participants Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald Charles Duncan Good morning. So, welcome to day two of 2020 Cantor Global Healthcare Conference. My name is Charles Duncan. I’m a Senior Biotechnology Analyst and Managing Director for Cantor. And I’m excited to introduce tthey next presenting company, which is ACADIA Pharmaceuticals. Tthey ticker symbol on ACADIA is ACAD. We rate it with an overweight rating and $61 price target. And it’s a company that I’ve known for many years. I would consider it one of tthey original neuro innovator companies, company that has not only developed a drug successfully, but forward integrated to become a fully commercial organization. It’s been a very interesting year for you. And so, I’m excited to introduce senior management, Mr. Steve Davis, tthey Company’s CEO, and Michael Yang, tthey Company’s Chief Commercial Officer, as well as Mark Johnson, who’s on tthey line from IR. Gentlemen, thank you for joining us. Steve Davis Thank you. Charles Duncan Good morning. Nice to see you. Steve Davis Yes. Thanks for having us. Charles Duncan Early in California ttheyse days, but I’m sure that’s not uncommon for you folks to conduct Zoom calls at ttheir time. It’s been a very interesting year for you with data in a DRP program, in depression program, ottheyr data, asset acquisitions, and continued strong commercial execution with NUPLAZID. So, my hat’s off to you. Congratulations. Steve Davis Thank you. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Charles Duncan But not one without challenges. And so, we all know about tthey COVID pandemic. I’m going to talk to you about that and how you’ve managed through that. But, wtheyn you think about kind of source -- tthey greatest source of value creation ttheir year, Steve, could you theylp us understand what your perspective is on that for ACADIA? Steve Davis  Yes. Sure. Thanks much for tthey question, Charles. And I’ll take a little bit of running start at it. And I guess, before I start anything, I just have to remind everyone on tthey webcast that tthey pharmaceutical business has certain intheyrent risks. So, please see a copy of our most recent SEC filings for a description of how those risks relate to our business. So, as we think about tthey drivers of growth for us ttheir year, it really comes back to tthey three pillars of our strategy. First is to drive NUPLAZID growth. Our second quarter net sales were $110 million, representing a 2% year-over-year growth. We continued to add new patients, see very high adtheyrence among continuing patients and expect to have sales for tthey full year in tthey $430 million to $450 million range, representing a 30% year-over-year growth at tthey midpoint range, and continue to see very strong opportunity for attractive revenue growth year-over-year just in PDP. Tthey second pillar is delivering on DRP opportunity. It’ll be a strong driver of value for us ttheir year. Ttheyre is no approved treatment for DRP today. It’s a disease that has very serious theyalth consequences. And we’re eager to get to our PDUFA data of April 3, 2021, highly confident in tthey efficacy and safety data supporting that NDA -- sNDA submission. And tthey third pillar is to develop innovative treatments for unmet needs. And as you know, we just commenced our second Phase 3 study in our negative symptoms of schizophrenia program. And we have -- we’ll read out results next year in our trofinetide for Rett syndrome program. And ttheyn, Charles, as you know, we’ve been very active on tthey business development front and we’ll continue to be. We acquired CerSci Ttheyrapeutics earlier ttheir year. We announced a new collaboration with Vanderbilt University and [indiscernible] earlier ttheir year. And so, as we look to tthey remainder of 2020 and ttheyn moving into 2021, we see an opportunity for dramatic, significant momentum. Charles Duncan Yes. So, looking forward to seeing that momentum and increased visibility and even pipeline, especially pipeline visibility. But before we get to tthey pipeline, why don’t -- since we have Michael, why don’t we talk a little bit about tthey commercial side of tthey house, and really managing through tthey challenges of COVID? Steve, you mentioned not only second quarter results, which were impressive to me, but also a guidance that looks, I’ll call it doable, but I think represents very good growth. And I guess wtheyn you think through tthey challenges of COVID, I mean, NUPLAZID is marketed for tthey treatment of Parkinson’s disease psychosis, which occurs in older people generally. And it would seem to me that that makes it an at-risk patient population. So, I guess, in terms of tthey element of success, a key element of success that you’ve had, with regard to NUPLAZID, anything to highlight as you manage through COVID? Steve Davis Yes. Michael, please go atheyad. Michael Yang Yes. Well, Charles, thanks for tthey question. And I think, we’re not alone in having to deal with tthey impact of COVID pandemic on our business commercially. And I’m very proud of how our organization adapted to that. As you know, we have a drug that is delivered predominately through specialty pharmacy. And we were able to really build on that network to service customers in both, tthey long-term care and tthey specialty pharmacy channel. If you think about specialty pharmacy, it’s like a retail office-based environment. And that is wtheyre tthey pandemic hit patients and physicians tthey most early on. Patients just weren’t going in tthey office. We pivoted quickly to best-in-class virtual type of things to enhance telemedicine. I mentioned on tthey call, how we were able to put a process by which a doctor can see a patient, diagnose a patient, a patient can get samples, validate ttheyir reimbursement and get patients tthey product shipped to tthey home, without ever having to leave tthey home. And as a consequence, we took our guidance down in that first quarter call 5% to reflect that impact on new patient starts. But, we need to see fulfillment rates being very consistent and strong. We have -- our continuing patients are still -- have good persistence and we’re adding every month new physicians and new patients. So, that relates to ttheir more office space side of tthey house. Now, what we saw in long-term care is that a little bit more an evolution. It didn’t hit ttheym quite as early as it did on tthey office side. And ttheyn, what happened is, tthey facilities started to get hit, as you know, with ttheir vulnerable patient population. Facilities had to pivot from normal operations to infection control, how to deal with residents moving around tthey facilities, visitations, et cetera. And that has taken a little longer from a channel perspective to stabilize. Ttheyre is -- starting to see signs of that stabilizing now. We’re still treating patients and still getting new patients in that channel. But of course, tthey priorities of identifying psychosis is a little secondary to can I get patient’s bed in a safe and non-contaminated manner. We’re kind of past that now. And I just think that overall pandemic, as you already highlighted, identifies tthey fact, or isolates tthey fact that mental theyalth is very important. It’s especially exacerbated in periods wtheyre people are lone. And so, we think that NUPLAZID has a very important role to play in ttheir theylping patients with tthey mental disease, but also tthey things that we’ve done to enhance our delivery of medicine in ttheir pandemic has really been terrific.  Charles Duncan Yes. And you folks have been very good at pivoting very quickly. And I got to tell you, I was concerned, wtheyn I looked across my coverage in terms of Parkinson’s disease psychosis and what you theyard out of Washington early on. I thought, oh, oh, ttheir is an at-risk patient population. But, I was always confident about tthey clinical profile of NUPLAZID, and not only for its efficacy as well as tolerability, but differentiation relative to off-label drug. So, I guess I’m wondering, what kind of feedback have you gotten? You’ve been marketing tthey drug for a couple of years. What kind of feedback are you getting from prescribers in terms of patients understanding a PDP and willingness and interest in continuing to treat PDP with NUPLAZID? Michael Yang Well, I think tthey first thing that you hit on, I just want to drill down just a little bit. I think, it’s a very insightful comment that you made. Our overall positioning for pimavanserin, NUPLAZID in PDP and soon to be DRP is efficacy without impairment. And that’s a really unique profile in context to tthey neurobiology. And as a result, in PDP, we don’t affect as you know, motor, and ttheyre’s ottheyr things that we don’t affect. And in DRP, tthey data shows that we have a very safe medication for an older population, great efficacy, but we don’t impact cognition, we don’t see tthey EPS via ottheyr motor symptoms et cetera. So, tthey safety profile is -- tthey feedback I get is a very impressive safety profile. Wtheyn we launctheyd tthey 34-milligram tablet, that really was a boost in terms of tthey profile of efficacy because we took tthey temptation out of titration. And so, now, with tthey 34-milligram and tthey safety profile that we have, tthey feedback we get is ttheir is a really terrific medication for tthey types of patients that we’re treating. And ttheyy’re anxious to use it in more in wider populations. Charles Duncan Excellent. Steve Davis I’d just echo, Michael’s thoughts ttheyre. I would also just point to two things that I think are really a testament to tthey benefit that patients are getting. One is, as Michael mentioned earlier, in long-term care we just have fewer patients being admitted to long-term care facilities today. So, we understand tthey impact that that’s had ttheyre. Outside of long-term care, in tthey doctor office, a portion of our business, which is about three quarters of tthey business, I think, tthey very quick rebound that we saw to those initial new patient starts dropping off are really just a reflection of, one, ttheyse symptoms don’t go away; and two, tthey benefit that people are getting from tthey drug. So, really quickly, we saw a rebound and we’ve been operating for tthey last few months back at tthey pre-pandemic levels in that three quarters of our business. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr thing I’d point to is, throughout tthey life of tthey product, we’ve seen right from tthey very beginning, ttheir very high refill rate on tthey product. So, once patients get through tthey first couple of months, it’s a very-high fulfillment rate going forward. And I think that’s again a testament to tthey benefit patients are getting into very favorable safety and tolerability profile of drug. Charles Duncan Yes, for sure. And I imagine that COVID has really exacerbated tthey burden of disease. And patients aren’t going to long-term care. Ttheyy are saying home. And that’s going to furttheyr enhance tthey burden of disease, not only for tthey patient, but for tthey caregivers as well. Steve Davis Yes. That’s absolutely right. Charles Duncan So, Michael mentioned DRP versus PDP and being a much larger market opportunity. But, I guess, theylp me understand really your perspective on tthey dementia-related psychosis opportunity, in terms of tthey burden of disease, again, talking about how it can be exacerbated by tthey pandemic, but also how it shows up in tthey different etiologies that you’ve studied. Steve Davis Well, I’ll start. And ttheyn, Michael, feel free to jump in. I guess, tthey first thing that comes to mind wtheyn we think about DRP, particularly wtheyn we think about in tthey context of moving from PDP, Parkinson’s psychosis to dementia psychosis, is ttheyre’s a kind of tthey key similarity and tthey key difference between those two. On tthey key similarity side, of course, wtheyn tthey previous generation dopaminergic drugs are used off label in PDP, because ttheyy’re not approved for use ttheyre, ttheyy can interfere with motor function, so one of tthey hallmarks of Parkinson’s disease. In dementia, it’s a very similar situation wtheyre those same drugs are used off label in dementia today because nothing is approved. And wtheyn ttheyy use off label, ttheyy can impair combination. And it’s pretty significant, equivalent to about one year of disease progression. So, ttheyy accelerate cognitive decline. And so, I think, tthey concern in tthey medical community with using those drugs in dementia is at least as great as it is in tthey Parkinson’s prescribing community. So, that’s tthey similarity. Tthey difference is, Parkinson’s disease, of course, it’s really primarily about neurologist and all physicians, wtheyttheyr ttheyy’re neurologist or not that treat Parkinson’s patients are number one focus on movement. Tthey non-motor symptoms, tthey hallucinations and delusions that patients experience and ottheyr symptoms, ttheyy deal with, ttheyy were very aware of ttheym. But, it’s not as close to tthey center of tthey bulls eye is can I theylp ttheir patient walk? Can I have ttheym -- theylp ttheym feed ttheymselves, et cetera. In dementia, it’s tthey connectivity between cognitive loss and hallucinations or delusions. It’s just much closer. So, it’s much more in tthey spectrum of disorders that are right at tthey forefront of physicians’ mind wtheyn ttheyy’re treating ttheyse patients. So, we’re much closer to tthey bull’s eye ttheyre. And I think we’ll benefit from that as well. Charles Duncan Yes. So, I imagine tthey awareness generally, as I would say, it in Wall Street parlance, tthey awareness for tthey prescribing community, but I’m going to ask you, tthey patient community or caregiver community is much greater in terms of ttheir high burden set of symptoms. Steve Davis Yes, absolutely. In both, Parkinson’s and dementia, patients typically, not always, but typically develop psychosis later in tthey disease as tthey disease progresses. Both are progressive diseases. So, both -- in both cases, tthey symptoms get worse as a patient progresses, including tthey psychosis. So, in tthey case of a -- in both cases, ttheyse patients already are carrying a very high disease burden. And ttheyn, as -- wtheyn you -- wtheyn ttheyy do have psychosis and in Parkinson’s patients, it’s about half tthey patients, of course, a lot of time will develop psychosis, and in dementia, it’s 40% to 50% of patients almost as many. It’s just adding a completely significant layer on top of already -- what’s already high disease burden and makes tthey care of ttheyse patients much more complicated. Many times wtheyn ttheyy’re at home, ttheyy’re cared for by ttheyir spouse, or family members. And it just makes it much more difficult, increases tthey burden on caregiver dramatically. And so, in both cases, tthey symptoms are very common, ttheyy’re very impactful on quality of life and need to be treated. Charles Duncan And, you had very interesting data out of DRP, tthey DRP study, which was itself a very interesting clinical trial design. Ttheir was data presented in peer reviewed format. At last year’s CTAD, ttheyre was two very high-profile datasets presented at that CTAD meeting, yours and ttheyn a data set from a small company, you may have theyard of called Biogen, on drug called aducanumab, for disease modifying activity in Alztheyimer’s. But, I will tell you, my KOL feedback around that meeting and subsequent to that, potential future prescribers are very excited about tthey data that you’ve shown. And if you could just take a second for highlighting what you’ve seen out of tthey clinical profile of pimavanserin in dementia-related psychosis? And ttheyn, we’ll talk a little bit about tthey regulatory process to tthey extent that you can. Steve Davis Yes. So, well, first of all, I just want to remind everyone that ttheyre has been no drug approved to treat dementia patients in over 15 years. So, ttheir very, very high need that we have continues to be unmet. I think -- I mean, we get a very similar response in tthey medical community, both wtheyn we talk to KOLs, as well as wtheyn we do market research with kind of community-based physicians. And I think tthey two things that really stand out in tthey minds of physicians, wtheyn we present a profile of a pimavanserin or product X, as we call it, wtheyn we do market research, is tthey robust efficacy. Ttheyy like tthey fact that tthey pivotal study that we did was a relapse prevention study, because that just relates directly to what -- how ttheyy think about treating patients. Many times with neuropsychiatric disorders, you have drugs that are approved and wtheyn a physician reads tthey label, ttheyy say okay, tthey drug moved X points on a scale that I don’t use. And it appears that that was beneficial to patients. But, what physicians really think about is, will ttheir drug theylp stabilize my patient? Will it theylp reduce tthey symptoms? And ttheyn, will it continue longer term? And that’s exactly what we showed in tthey study. So, we had real clinical outcomes in tthey study that physicians care about. Tthey ottheyr thing that a lot of strong feedback on is what tthey drug doesn’t do. We demonstrated in tthey clinic that it doesn’t have tthey cognitive impairment effect that you see with tthey previous generation dopaminergic antipsychotics that are used off label. And ttheyn, tthey ottheyr thing, and we were a little bit surprised by how strongly ttheir pull-through with tthey medical community is. Ttheyy really -- we understood it in Parkinson’s but in dementia, ttheyy really liked tthey fact that we also demonstrated that we don’t have an effect on motor function. And you can understand that in tthey context of Parkinson’s, but even in dementia patients, ttheyy stress that ttheyse are very elderly patients, ttheyy are many times frail, ttheyy worry a lot about ttheym being able to function and ttheyir motor function, and wtheyn ttheyy use tthey dopaminergic antipsychotics, ttheyy see an impairment on that front as well, even in ttheyse patients. So, those are tthey things, both tthey efficacy and particularly tthey endpoint that we ran in tthey study relates to physicians, ttheyy get it, and ttheyn, also tthey fact that we don’t see an impairment in cognition, which ttheyy worry a lot about with ttheyse dopaminergic drugs and we don’t see an impairment motor function role is a very, very strong one. Charles Duncan So, that’s a very interesting observation, not only out of tthey study, but as a point of differentiation, based on your KOL feedback. And I guess, as it relates to tthey regulatory process, we can talk a little bit about that and timing. But, with regard to tthey current label that is approved for Parkinson’s disease psychosis, I believe that it calls out using tthey drug NUPLAZID in demented patients. And I guess, I’m wondering, is that just perhaps a point of conservatism with regard to tthey data that you had wtheyn tthey drug was approved? And is that kind of a label restriction that could go away in tthey future, given tthey data that you have now? Steve Davis Yes. Well, so, I think what you’re referring to is all anti-psychotics have a class, right? Charles Duncan Yes. Steve Davis Everyone of ttheym has a label that has two sentences. Tthey first sentence says, ttheyre’s a higtheyr risk of mortality in dementia wtheyn antipsychotics used in dementia-related psychosis patients. Tthey second sentence for all drugs ottheyr than NUPLAZID says, ttheir drug is not approved for use in those patients. In tthey case of NUPLAZID, we have a carve-out that says ttheir drug is not approved for use in those patients unless tthey psychosis is related to Parkinson’s disease. And so, as we think about how that label and how that box language could change as move into dementia-related psychosis. Obviously, if we are approved to treat dementia-related psychosis patients, that second sentence, logically you would think would have to be removed. And ttheyn, we’re left with tthey first sentence. And I think, if we wind up in a situation wtheyre tthey first sentence remains unchanged, I don’t know if that’ll be wtheyre we’ll plan with tthey FDA. But if that were tthey case, it would be very much akin to what we see today in tthey depression arena wtheyre every antidepressant has a warning in tthey label that says wtheyn ttheyse drugs are administered in younger people, ttheyre’s a higtheyr association with suicide element. And ttheyn, a physician has to make a benefit risk assessment in terms of tthey patients ttheyy’re looking at. And in our case, if that’s wtheyre we wind up with tthey FDA, it will be a very similar situation. I would just point out that today in dementia-related psychosis because ttheyre’s nothing approved, physicians are using what ttheyy’ve got, which is tthey dopaminergic antipsychotics, none of which are approved. And importantly, all of which have a box that says ttheir drug is not approved for use in those patients. And so, -- but despite that ttheyre are about 800,000 dementia-related psychosis patients being treated today with those drugs. So, we don’t see -- obviously, we and tthey FDA will focus on what we think is most important safety information to provide to physicians. And if it turns out to be a situation that I described, we think tthey physicians will just put that in ttheyir benefit risk calculus. Charles Duncan Got it. Okay. Well, that makes sense to me. And eittheyr to you or to Michael, given tthey current label, it seems like you’ve gotten good traction with tthey drug in tthey market. And I guess, I’m wondering, if some of tthey changes to label were made, would that be at all an impediment from what you can see in terms of adoption of tthey drug? And ttheyn, tthey second question that I wanted to ask you, perhaps just to speak to quickly, is you had some recent data at MDS which talked about safety of tthey drug. And it looks like it’s really holding up well. Actually, ttheyre was data that was a collaboration with tthey FDA and ottheyrs that was presented. Could you speak to that? Steve Davis Yes. I’ll let -- I’ll ask Michael to answer tthey first question, and ttheyn I’ll pick up on tthey second part. Michael Yang Yes. Sure, Charles. As it relates to DRP and our ability to kind of build out of tthey great traction we’ve already had with PDP, tthey brand awareness, tthey clinical impression, tthey mechanistic operational stuff that we have in tthey marketplace wtheyre we’re well-prepared and on track to kind of take it to tthey next level, if you will. Obviously, tthey patient population for DRP is 10 times larger than it is with PDP. So, ttheir is a very exciting commercial opportunity. And we’re all very excited about bringing it forward. I think, Steve’s mentioning around tthey clinical profile and tthey safety and risk benefit calculation. We’re very comfortable with that conversation with physicians today. And I think we do a good job of that. We’ll be expanding our sales footprint. We’ll be leveraging our commercial operations. And importantly, we’re already well on track to building a lot of market research insights and executed on disease awareness and education campaigns as we speak. So, I think we’re going to be very well-prepared to bring ttheir to tthey market and expand on and ttheyn broaden tthey benefit of pimavanserin to a wider audience. Charles Duncan So, we look forward to that progress, hopefully later second half or later second quarter of next year. Steve? Steve Davis Yes. In response to tthey second part of that question, so first, I just wanted to clarify. So, ttheir paper came out -- or poster was publittheyyd, I should say, at tthey MDS, tthey Movement Disorder Society Virtual Congress last Friday. And tthey authors of tthey paper were members of FDA, CMS, and Stanford University. So, it was not FDA per se, but it was members of FDA that contributed to ttheir study. And what ttheyy studied was tthey use of pimavanserin versus atypical antipsychotics, ttheir previous generation dopaminergic antipsychotics in tthey Medicare Parkinson’s patients. And what ttheyy saw is, wtheyn ttheyy compared tthey two was an overall benefit on all-cause mortality in using pimavanserin or NUPLAZID over ttheyse dopaminergic antipsychotics. So, we’re very, very pleased to see ttheir and we think is very interesting information. We didn’t do tthey study and we’re eager to see it. I’m sure ttheyre’ll be a publication on ttheir in due course, and we’re eager to see that to get into more details. But, tthey top lines on ttheir poster were very, very encouraging. And I would just point out that ttheyy’re actually aligned with what we see in our placebo-controlled studies, wtheyre we -- in tthey placebo controlled studies, we’ve done since we got tthey approval in dementia-related psychosis. If we look at all those studies, we see no difference in mortality between patients on drug versus placebo. Charles Duncan That’s theylpful. I appreciate tthey clarification, and that bodes well as tthey drug, if it is approved, as I assume, for DRP to have a good clinical benefit, not only on tthey symptoms, but also on tthey downstream, call it downside of tthey symptoms. So, with regard to moving forward with DRP, I know that you can’t really say, but in terms of timing of say, PDUFA date, you feel like you’re on track. You’ve had decent interaction with agency. You do have breakthrough ttheyrapy designation. So, I imagine you’ve had ongoing discussions with ttheym. Steve Davis Yes. Everything remains on track. And tthey dialogue that we’ve had with FDA and tthey relationship we’ve had has always been very positive and supportive, and we’re eager to get to PDUFA date April 3rd. Charles Duncan Okay, excellent. So, we only have about a minute left. And I guess, I wanted to leave you with tthey last -- have tthey last thought. If we’re sitting theyre and doing ttheir in a year, eittheyr virtually or in-person on stage, which I would look forward to spending time with you, I guess, what are we going to be talking about in terms of tthey greatest value-creation in tthey past year, as we started tthey beginning of ttheir conversation? Steve Davis Yes. So, a year from now, we would project that we’d be talking about our launch in dementia-related psychosis, which again, as you theyard me saying again before is 10 times larger than Parkinson’s disease psychosis. We’d be talking about tthey fact that before we reach tthey end of tthey year or tthey end of 2021, we should have results in our Rett syndrome study, will be well underway in enrollment in negative symptoms of schizophrenia. And, I think we’ll begin to see movement forward in tthey earlier parts of our portfolio as a consequence of tthey business development we’ve done. And as we said before, you will see more deals from us. So, I would anticipate that we’ll have more to talk about by that point as well. Charles Duncan It’s going to be an exciting year. I appreciate you sharing tthey ACADIA Pharmaceuticals story with me. Michael, Steptheyn, Mark, thank you. Hope you have a great day. Steve Davis Thank you, Charles.