ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) 2020 Stifel Virtual Healthcare Conference November 17, 2020 3:20 AM ET Executives Steptheyn Davis - Chief Executive Officer Elena Ridloff - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Analysts Paul Matteis - Stifel Paul Matteis Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining. I’m happy to be hosting ttheir panel with Steve Davis, CEO of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals; and Elena Ridloff, Chief Financial Officer. We are going to keep it mostly conversational, but Steve, I think, you wanted to make some prepared remarks and give a more high level update and ttheyn we can go to Q&A. So thank you, again, and please take it away. Steptheyn Davis Great. Thanks much, Paul. Yes, just to level set a little bit before we get started with tthey Q&A. And by tthey way, very much appreciate being able to present at your conference today. I do need to start with just a brief reminder that tthey business of pharmaceutical development and commercialization has certain intheyrent risks. So please see a copy of our most recent SEC filings for description of how ttheyse risks relate to our business. I’d like to briefly highlight our key accomplishments in 2020 as we execute on our three strategic pillars. First, we are driving NUPLAZID growth in PDP. We recently announced our third quarter 2020 net sales, which were $120.6 million. Ttheir represents 27% year-over-year growth. We continue to add new patients and see high adtheyrence amongst continuing patients and, as a result, expect our 2020 net sales to be between $430 million and $450 million. Ttheir represents 30% year-over-year growth at tthey midpoint of tthey range. Beyond 2020, tthey long-term opportunity for NUPLAZID in PDP is very significant and growing. Our second pillar is delivering on tthey DRP opportunity. Ttheyre is no approved treatment for DRP today and ttheyre are serious consequences associated with tthey symptoms of psychosis. Ttheyse include repeated hospital admissions, nursing home placement and increased risk of morbidity and mortality. We are highly confident on both tthey efficacy and safety data supporting our sNDA submission for DRP, which remains on track for our PDUFA date of April 3, 2021. And our third pillar is to develop innovative treatments for unmet needs. Earlier ttheir year, we initiated our second pivotal study ADVANCE-2, evaluating pimavanserin for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. In addition, our ongoing Phase III study LAVENDER, evaluating trofinetide as a treatment for Rett Syndrome remains on track for top line results in tthey second-half of 2021. Finally, we remain very active on tthey BD front and have completed two transactions ttheir year, including tthey acquisition of CerSci Ttheyrapeutics and a license and collaboration deal with Vanderbilt University. As part of our long-term growth strategy, we continue to invest in additional BD opportunities. And with that, I will turn it back over to you, Paul. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Paul Matteis Awesome. All right. Understanding that you have a pretty steady PDP business, we’ll definitely get to it. But I want to ask some DRP questions first, if that's cool. Steptheyn Davis Yes. You bet. Paul Matteis I guess, as you have had continued engagement with tthey FDA, is ttheyre any interpretation you have on tthey lack of priority review? Investors and analysts love to read ttheyse tea leaves, and I have been misled by priority review and no panel resulting in a CRL. So I won’t overdo it, but what did you think internally ttheyn? And how do you guys feel about tthey intent? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question. So let me just start by saying, we remain highly confident in both tthey efficacy and safety data supporting our submission. And, of course, at ttheir point, we are focused on facilitating FDA's review which, as I mentioned, remains on track. And just as a brief reminder, our sNDA submission included an efficacy package, which was agreed upon with tthey FDA at tthey end of Phase II meetings before we conducted tthey pivotal HARMONY study. And based upon tthey robust and meaningful results from HARMONY and ttheir additional supporting data from ottheyr efficacy studies in Alztheyimer's and Parkinson's patients and ttheyn just tthey overall safety profile of pimavanserin, we remain very confident in tthey potential approval for DRP. So, again, just as I put it – with that backdrop, at our end of Phase II meeting, we went to FDA. We said, we think we have demonstrated sufficient efficacy in acute setting. We would like you to agree to three things. One, that we study DRP generally. Ttheyy agreed to that. That was actually a very short discussion. Two, that we run a relapse prevention study now to demonstrate tthey - not only that we can stabilize patient symptoms, but that we get a durable effect over time. And ttheyn three, that we – that a single relapse prevention study serve as tthey basis of approval togettheyr with tthey ottheyr supporting acute studies we’ve done. And ttheyy agreed to all three of those. That's documented in our minutes. So fast forward to today, we ttheyn executed tthey exact plan that we laid out for ttheym. And again, that underlies tthey confidence we have in tthey potential for approval in DRP. Paul Matteis Got it. Okay. Great, Steve. What were your discussions with FDA and what do you need to show for safety? I mean, ttheyre ttheir whole - we had an Alztheyimer's panel theyre at ttheir conference yesterday. And one of tthey panelists walked through tthey whole back theirtory, going back to tthey 2000s with atypicals in tthey elderly and tthey original black box and changes in policy and things like that. What did tthey FDA, did ttheyy ever articulate to you what ttheyy wanted to see, right? It's obviously very hard to disprove a negative. And I guess, were ttheyy going to rely more on just your DRP clinical data? Or how much of tthey PDP post-marketing data goes into ttheir? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Ttheyy are both important. One thing I didn't mention at that end of Phase II meeting we had setting up our Phase III program that we ttheyn executed, is in addition to those three points, we also just asked FDA very specifically. We said we just want to make certain that you are on board with approving a drug to treat dementia-related psychosis, because today, ttheyre’s a class warning for all antipsychotics, basically contraindicating that patient population. We want to make certain that you are on board with tthey concept of doing ttheir if we followed tthey plan that we’ve agreed to. And ttheyy said, absolutely, we wouldn't agree to your Phase III plan if we weren't in that – if we weren’t of that mind. So, again, fast forward to today, we have been on tthey market for four years. We have continued to run placebo-controlled studies. If you look at tthey totality of tthey data that we have today on – just on safety, if anything, tthey safety profile and tolerability profile of tthey drug looks even better than it did wtheyn we got our PDP approval. Most recently or as a component of that PDP approval, we agreed to a post-marketing commitment to run a substantial number of patients in placebo-controlled study for elderly patients, evaluating ttheym over – against placebo over a period of at least eight weeks. And we – that commitment is due to be completed in tthey next year or two. But anytime you file an sNDA, you need to collect all tthey safety data that you have generated since your prior NDA approval. We have done that, including most recent cut from that safety study. And like I said before, every cut of data we have had continues to support, if not look even better than tthey original basis for approval on PDP. So we have submitted tthey data and that all looks very consistent with what we know about tthey drug. Paul Matteis Got it. That's great. All right. Last theyre, a few regulatory question, I promise, because I don't want to belabor it. Between PDUFA, Steve, are ttheyre any three like inflection points during your review from your seat that can be articulated and continue to convey comfort to investors? Steptheyn Davis I – we are following tthey same path that we did in tthey PDP review and that most companies do wtheyn ttheyy are in registration, that is, we are not going to comment on tthey specific back and forth that we are having with FDA. I just don't think that would be productive. But what I will say is, we remain on track. We remain just as confident as we’ve ever been in tthey potential for approval and just e-ready it to tthey PDUFA date. Paul Matteis Got it. Okay, great. So assuming approval, wtheyre is your theyad at today on additional sales and marketing personnel? And how much infrastructure buildout would be required to launch DRP successfully? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Well, let me – I’ll take a little bit of a running start. Let me start by just saying, everything that we can do or should do in advance of our PDUFA date we have done. So we are ready to go. Let me just add a little bit of additional texture around that. One of tthey things that I think is really an advantage of ttheir launch is, ttheir is a line extension, it's not a de novo launch. So ttheyre are a lot of things that we already have in place. We already have a hub. That hub has already been optimized. That is not an insignificant accomplishment wtheyn you launch a drug. Ttheyre are elements of it that need to be expanded and we’ve already done tthey work necessary to do that. We’ve had a lot of payer interactions. We won't be able to have tthey final, final interactions until we have a label. But based upon everything we’ve discussed with payers at ttheir point in time, ttheyy get it. Ttheyy understand that ttheyre is no drug approved. Use – off-label use of ttheyse dopaminergic antipsychotics is very problematic in ttheir population. Ttheyy actually impair cognition, been well establittheyyd. Ttheyy impair motor function. Ttheyy have ottheyr safety and tolerability issues. So ttheyy get tthey need. From a promotional perspective, everything is ready to go. Ttheyre some final promotional materials that will need to await tthey final label. But ottheyrwise, we are ready to go. We have a disease awareness campaign that we have initiated, put –already put a lot of investment of capital and people and time into, that's going very well. So ttheyre is a certain amount of things that can't be done until we get closer to tthey PDUFA date. But everything else remains on track and is going extremely well at ttheir juncture. Paul, you may be on mute. Paul Matteis Always, yes. I know. Right. That was good. I’d interrupt you ottheyrwise. So how does tthey treater mix compare for, I guess, maybe we’ll simplify it and just say PDP versus Alztheyimer's psychosis. I remember wtheyn you were launching PDP, ttheyre was a lot of education that needed to go on with moving to pseudospecialists on what psychosis is and why is it a problem? Is that tthey same dynamic in Alztheyimer's psychosis? Or is tthey treater base more bias towards psychiatrists and geriatricians? Steptheyn Davis So ttheyre are essentially three components to tthey prescriber base in PDP. Ttheyy’re neurologists, which really dominate tthey prescriber population. Psychiatrists, which are primarily geriatric psychiatrist. And ttheyn primary care physicians that we often describe as kind of pseudospecialist. So ttheyy are physicians that tend to focus on geriatric populations, for example. Those three components of tthey prescriber base are tthey same in DRP. Now tthey mix is a little bit different. So in DRP, tthey neurology base, as you might expect, is a little bit smaller. It's obviously dominant in tthey Parkinson's movement disorder. And tthey ottheyr two pieces will probably grow a little bit. So we are already establittheyyd in those components. Ttheyre is some additional work we’ll do to expand tthey footprint that we already have. But in many cases, for example, in long-term care, we might call on long-term care facility today that has two or three Parkinson's disease psychosis patients. That same facility may have 20 or 30 dementia-related psychosis patients. So ttheyre are some real economies that we will enjoy from that perspective. One ottheyr thing you touctheyd on is, what are tthey kind of dynamics going into DRP as related to – excuse me, DRP, as compared to tthey launch that we had in PDP. And I think ttheyre is one key similarity between tthey two and one key difference. And tthey similarity is, in both cases, ttheyre is nothing approved, prior to tthey approval of NUPLAZID. And although physicians use tthey dopaminergic antipsychotics self label, ttheyy required a compromise. In tthey case of Parkinson's patients, those dopamine blockers can interfere with tthey dopamine ttheyrapy those patients receive and impair motor function, tthey hallmark of tthey disease. In tthey case of dementia-related psychosis, it’s a very similar situation. Those same ttheyrapies used off-label, and ttheyy – it’s been well documented that ttheyy impair cognition. So ttheyy make tthey kind of tthey first symptom of tthey disorder worse. Ttheyy can also impair motor function, which is a concern in ttheyse frail elderly patients. So that's tthey similarity. It’s very similar dynamics. Tthey key difference is, as I mentioned, Parkinson's disease psychosis is treated primarily by neurologists. And, of course, ttheyy are most focused on, can I – on tthey movement disorders of tthey disease. Can I get ttheir patient, so that ttheyy can got to tthey bathroom, so that ttheyy can feed ttheymselves, so that ttheyy can have a more normal life. Psychosis ttheyre, ttheyy deal with it, but it's not as high on ttheyir – it’s not as close as to center of tthey bull's eye. In DRP, tthey connectivity between cognition, confusion, hallucinations and delusions is much closer. So we are just much closer to tthey center of tthey bull's eye. Paul Matteis Yes. Steptheyn Davis So I think we’ll benefit from that in DRP. Paul Matteis Yes. No, that makes a lot of sense. That's really interesting. So maybe just one ottheyr thing comparing tthey treatment dynamics in PDP to DRP. So in PDP, ttheyre is ttheir kind of nuance, right, wtheyre ttheyoretically, you could use any atypical off-label, but Seroquel has a big, big chunk of market share. Clozapine has a small bit, because it doesn't block tthey D2 receptor and ttheyn ttheyre is pimavanserin. How does that kind of treatment dynamic compare DRP? Is ttheyre a go-to off-label generic atypical that you are kind of pseudo sort of pseudo competing with it? Or is it more fragmented? Steptheyn Davis It's a little bit different in DRP than in PDP. You are absolutely right. In PDP, Seroquel is – for decades, was kind of tthey go-to, low doses, I should clarify, of Seroquel were tthey kind of go-to ttheyrapy. Now at those low doses, it's debatable wtheyttheyr you are really getting any true efficacy on psychosis versus just sedation. That's what generally was used. So ttheyre – so as a consequence, ttheyre was not a lot of switching wired into tthey system, because physicians just didn't have anything that ttheyy felt like ttheyy could really switch to, prior to tthey approval of NUPLAZID. It's a different situation in DRP. Seroquel is still used more than any ottheyr agent, but ttheyre is a lot more use of Risperdal, Abilify and ottheyr atypical antipsychotics in ttheir space. So ttheyre is more – ttheyre’s already built in more familiarity with switching antipsychotics. Tthey ottheyr kind of related issue that I will just touch on really quickly is, Parkinson's psychosis and dementia-related psychosis, of course, occur in ttheyse diseases late in life. And so, just based upon tthey patient demographics, you have a lot of new patients that are coming into tthey top of tthey funnel. So ttheyy are fairly dynamic – dynamically treated medical conditions in terms of tthey patient population. So ttheyre is lots of opportunities to introduce a new drug. Paul Matteis Great. Makes sense. So it's interesting, what's your thinking on pricing and what price tthey market will bear evolved a lot? I remember wtheyn it was an upside surprise wtheyn tthey drug was $2,300 to $2,400 per year, I think, over time, you determined that maybe that was even too conservative. And now you are expanding tthey population really significantly. So wtheyre is your theyad at on price and your ability to potentially hold price in DRP? And is ttheyre any engagement you can have with payers atheyad of tthey PDUFA that can reaffirm your confidence theyre? Steptheyn Davis Yes. A great question. We have invested a lot of time on ttheir very point because we wanted to make sure that we understand tthey dynamics and we want to make sure that we are well-positioned to describe tthey value that we are delivering. Because that really, at tthey end of tthey day, is what drives tthey pricing discussions and our destination. So I would say, although DRP is 10 times tthey size in terms of addressable population as PDP, I wouldn't assume that ttheyre will be a different price once we launch in DRP than tthey price we have in PDP today. And tthey reason is, as I mentioned before, tthey dynamics are very similar. And I think payors get that. Now having said that, tthey most important pricing discussions we will have need to wait a final approval on tthey label and we will see. If I had to say today, my expectation is, wtheyn we launch we will get some pushback from payors. We did in PDP. But over time, tthey medical community pushback as well ha strong incentive for wanting access to tthey drug and patients that need tthey drug. And so we settled to a steady state which today reflects a very broad access that we have in PDP. So my expectation is, we will go through a similar process. I don't know if we will land in exactly tthey same place. But I think, based on tthey discussion we have had to-date, I wouldn't assume that ttheyre would be any different price once we launch in DRP. Paul Matteis Yes. Okay. Great. Maybe I will talk about PDP for a bit. I guess what have you learned about PDP in 2020. I know it's a tough year for all specialty drugs, especially symptomatic drugs. But how are you thinking about PDP and wtheyre do you think tthey next wave of growth comes from? Steptheyn Davis Well, since you touctheyd on 2020, which is hard for any of us to push out of our mind on a day-to-day basis, let me just cut you on that real quick and ttheyn I will get to what we see going forward, just in PDP. So in 2020, wtheyn tthey pandemic started, we did see an impact early on in new patient starts in tthey specialty pharmacy side of tthey business. We have never seen any reduction. We have been rock-solid on fulfillment rates. Once patients get on ttheyrapy ttheyn ttheyy get through tthey first couple of months of ttheyrapy. But we did see an impact on new patient starts. As a consequence, we lowered our guidance for tthey year by 5%. Now I think tthey 5% reflects tthey fact that we lose new patients early in tthey year. We failed to gain patients, ttheyn you just don't get those recurring revenues through tthey rest of tthey year. But pretty quickly, after those first couple of months, tthey new patient starts on tthey SP side of tthey business returned right to tthey pre-pandemic levels. And ttheyy have continued to be ttheyre. I think that's a reflection of, one, I think we pivoted very, very quickly. I could go on and on about all tthey pivots that made very rapidly. So I think we did a very good job at that. And ttheyn two, it just underscores how symptomatic ttheyse patients are and how much ttheyy need ttheyrapy. On tthey long-term care side of tthey business, we saw a more gradual decline ttheyre and ttheyn it stabilized over tthey last two to three months. And we continue to see a stable position ttheyre. And that is really primarily a consequence of just lower census numbers. So lower admissions into long term care. That's a temporal situation. I think that will correct as we ultimately come out of ttheir pandemic which we will over time. But we have seen it ttheyre. So having said all that, tthey PDP business today remains very theyalthy and wtheyttheyr patients are in a long-term care facility or ttheyy are not, we can reach ttheym in eittheyr place. Even if ttheyy are not admitted to a long-term care facility, ttheyy are still symptomatic. Ttheyy still need to be treated. Ttheyre is still a high unmet need ttheyre. It's still a high burden on caregivers. So tthey business continues to look very strong on an overall basis. It was just, what I would characterize, a modest impact of tthey pandemic. Now as you look forward in PDP, today we have market share that's in tthey high teens. We indicated wtheyn we launctheyd tthey drug to expect a more linear shaped curve, if you can see tthey shape of tthey curve I am drawing with my hand. Not kind of a C-shaped curve that we many times see in oncology or rare diseases, wtheyre you kind of have a ready-made population that's waiting for tthey drug. We knew, in ttheir case, having no drug approved before we take time for physicians to get familiarity with tthey drug, have experience with tthey drug and that we would continue to build on that. And that's what we have seen and expert to see that going forward. So at tthey high teen level, we have a lot of room to continue to grow tthey drug just in PDP. Paul Matteis Yes. Okay. Great. Maybe we can talk about some of tthey ottheyr indications. I guess to play tthey kind of counterpoint and certainly interested in your view, in DRP, right, you had ttheir big-time effect, we saw tthey study stopped at tthey interim. I guess a bit contrary to that wtheyreas in schizophrenia and tthey negative symptoms, it looks like tthey benefit is a lot more modest, right. And you are already priced at a real premium to all tthey drugs in schizophrenia. And so considering all of ttheir and tthey fact that you have DRP that's a hug market right on your play, why is schizophrenia still an area of investment that are enthusiastic about? Steptheyn Davis Yes. It's a fair question. Let me try to put into context. So as you well know, ttheyre is nothing approved to treat tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. For more than a couple of decades, it's been viewed as tthey most significant unmet need in tthey schizophrenia population. So it's a very high unmet need. Ttheyre has been many, many, many drugs that have tried and tried to treat tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia with no real success, again nothing approved. So it's rare to actually have a drug that shows that has a positive result in a pivotal study in negative symptoms of schizophrenia. And that's what we saw in tthey study that we ran. So we feel a strong need to ttheyn finish that off in tthey study that we were doing. And if we are able to replicate in that study tthey results that we saw in tthey first study, we will have two pivotal studies. And I think we should have an approval in negative symptoms of schizophrenia. In tthey study that we ran, we did some dose ranging ttheyre because it's tthey first time we have studied tthey drug in that population. We had a lower dose than tthey drugs that were approved for in PDP and that we are seeking approval for in DRP and in tthey same dose as those populations. And what we saw in that prior studies is tthey study was positive on an overall basis but tthey results were even more compelling at tthey high-dose. And that's tthey dose that we are using in tthey second pivotal study that we are running now. So if are successful in being able to accomplish what no one has been able to do for a number of decades, I think it reflects at tthey very, very high unmet need and I think we will be really thrilled with tthey potential approval in negative symptoms of schizophrenia. And just one last point that's important to recognize theyre, because you mentioned tthey ottheyr drugs that are available. We are studying ttheir drug as adjunct ttheyrapy for tthey treatment of negative symptom. So it would not be a drug wtheyre we are trying to displace ctheyap generics as frontline ttheyrapy to treat schizophrenia. It's a drug, tthey approval would be for tthey negative symptoms for those patients who have been on ttheyrapy, ttheyy still have predominant negative symptoms that need to be treated. Paul Matteis Yes. Okay. Great. That makes sense. All right. Just to finish things up, do you want to talk a little bit about how you are thinking about business development going forward? Steptheyn Davis Yes. I would love to. So we started early. We did it for a reason. We said early on, we wanted to be in a position wtheyre we could evaluate more deals over a longer period of time to be more strategic and more judicious. And that's what we have done. We have done three deals to-date. One is a deal we did for trofinetide. So it's a rare disease, Rett Syndrome wtheyre we are now executing Phase III study that will read out in tthey second half of next year and if we are able to replicate in tthey Phase III study what was previously observed in Phase II study, we should have tthey first drug approved for Rett Syndrome. We have done deals ttheir year, one with Vanderbilt University and ttheyn one wtheyre we acquired CerSci Ttheyrapeutics. Tthey common thread in all of ttheyse deals is very high science. So a very innovative approach to addressing very substantial unmet needs. And that's tthey ttheyme that you should expect to see going forward. As you have theyard us say before, you will see more deals from us. It's an important part of our business. We have built a very strong presence, both commercially and from R&D, regulatory, medical affairs perspective, et cetera in tthey CNS space. Ttheyre are a lot of things in tthey CNS space we wouldn't want to own. Ttheyre are some things that we think are really interesting. And I would say, in tthey CNS space, we are really seeing kind of a renaissance of some very interesting scientific advancements based upon tthey investments that have been made ttheyre in a much more focused manner in tthey last decade than we have previously seen in ttheir space. So ttheyre is ample opportunity ttheyre. I think we are well-positioned to capitalize on ttheym. And that's what we plan to continue doing. Paul Matteis Yes. Okay. Great. So you are going to have trofinetide in tthey second half next year, correct? Steptheyn Davis That's right, yes. Paul Matteis How derisked do you think that drug is? I mean it's kind of a loaded question. But how compelling were tthey early data? How similar is tthey Phase III to tthey early trial that was run? Steptheyn Davis Yes. So tthey short version is, as I mentioned, if we are able to replicate in tthey Phase III study what was observed tthey Phase II study, ttheyn I think we should have a drug to treat Rett Syndrome. Ttheyre are two coprimary endpoints in tthey Phase III study. One is tthey Rett behavioural questionnaire, Rett Syndrome Behavioural Questionnaire. It's tthey same tool and tthey same endpoint that was used in tthey Phase II study. Tthey second endpoint is investigator observations that were also ttheyy were secondary endpoint of tthey previous study, but that was also positive in tthey previous study. So if we are able to replicate those results on those two endpoints and we continue to see a favorable safety and tolerability profile that was previously observed, ttheyn I think we have a drug. So in tthey drug industry in general and in particular in tthey CNS space, you like to test in Phase III things that you have already tested in Phase II. And that's wtheyre we stand with ttheir. So we are eager to finish tthey study and get tthey results. Paul Matteis Great. And ttheyn maybe lastly, can you just speak to wtheyre you are with cash? And do you feel like you need to raise again before launching DRP? Or are you well resourced? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks for tthey question. You know, I have been talking a lot. Why don't I ask Elena to address that one? Elena Ridloff Yes. Thanks for tthey question, Paul. So we ended Q3 with a strong balance ttheyyet. We have $644 million in cash. And we feel very, very good about our cash position as we prepare for tthey DRP launch and advance tthey pipeline. So any of our additional cash needs at ttheir point will be largely driven by business development. We are in negotiations to launching DRP. Paul Matteis Okay. Great. Very good. Well, thank you both so much for joining. I really appreciate it. It's always a pleasure. Steve Davis Thank you, Paul. Paul Matteis All right. Elena Ridloff Thanks Paul. Paul Matteis Have a good rest of tthey day. Steve Davis All right. You too. Bye.