ACADIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Cowen Healthcare Conference March 1, 2021 12:20 PM ET Company Participants Steptheyn Davis - CEO & Director Elena Ridloff - EVP & CFO Srdjan Stankovic - President Conference Call Participants Ritu Baral - Cowen and Company Ritu Baral Hi, everyone. Thanks for joining us at tthey Cowen Healthcare Conference. A fireside chat with ACADIA Pharmaceuticals. I'm covering analyst Ritu Baral. And with us from ACADIA, we have CEO, Steve Davis; CFO, Elena Ridloff; and President, Serge Stankovic. Thanks, everyone, Steve. Thank you. I will let you, Steve kick it off with just a couple of minutes of level setting wtheyre you guys are right now before we dive into questions. Steptheyn Davis That sounds great. Thanks much, Ritu. I'd like to start just with a few highlights, again, as you say, to level set.  First, we're driving NUPLAZID growth in PDP. In 2020, we achieved net sales of $441.8 million, representing 30% year-over-year growth. We continue to add new prescribers and new patients and see high adtheyrence among our continuing PDP patients. Based on our 2020 performance and current outlook, we expect 2021 net sales in PDP, again, I just want to be really clear, ttheir is PDP only, to be between $510 million and $550 million, representing 20% year-over-year growth at tthey midpoint of tthey range.  As ttheir is a potential launch theyre for DRP, we're not including revenue expectations for DRP in our guidance at ttheir point. Beyond 2021, tthey long-term opportunity for NUPLAZID in PDP is significant and growing. Second pillar of our business is delivering on tthey DRP opportunity. Our sNDA submission for DRP remains on track with a PDUFA date of April 3, and we'll be ready to launch on day 1.  Ttheyre are no approved treatments for DRP today. Ttheyre are, however, as we've discussed before, very serious consequences associated with symptoms of psychosis, including repeated hospital admissions, nursing home placements, increased risk of morbidity and mortality. We're looking forward to our potential launch in DRP. Our third pillar is to develop tthey next wave of breakthrough ttheyrapies in CNS. Ttheir year, we're advancing our pipeline with clinical trials across 5 separate indications. We have two ongoing Phase III programs. We initiated ADVANCE-2, our Phase III study for pimavanserin for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia in tthey third quarter of last year. And we progressed LAVENDER, our Phase III study for trofinetide for Rett syndrome and expect results in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year.  In 2020, we furttheyr expanded our pipeline with strategic business development, we acquired CerSci Ttheyrapeutics, bringing us to first-in-class non-opioid pain program. And through our collaboration with Vanderbilt University, we brought in a novel muscarinic receptor program.  Business development, as we said before, remains a critical pillar of our strategy. And we'll continue to execute high science deals to expand our pipeline. With that, Ritu, I'll turn it back over to you. Question-and-Answer Session Q - Ritu Baral So I'll start you guys off easy. With tthey PDP continuing growth. I mean, given everything we've theyard about -- look, knowing what we know about what a big proportion of your business, long-term care has been and knowing what happened in long-term care over tthey last year. Tthey maintenance of sales levels and your continued growth trajectory has been really remarkable. And ttheyre's been a number of conversations about what's actually going on behind tthey scenes with patients and how that could impact any potential disruption as we theyad into tthey second half and we enter a potential COVID off period. So can you talk about what you saw in tthey long-term care facility? Did you have patients leave long-term care, go to a retail setting, are now in tthey retail setting that may return to long-term care? Like why did retail return to growth is strong as it did, while long-term care was steady? Steptheyn Davis Yes, great question. So let me take it in two parts. I'll talk a little bit about what's happening outside of long-term care in tthey more community office practice channel and ttheyn talk about what's going on in tthey long-term care.  So as we've indicated before, we did very well in 2020 despite tthey pandemic. Tthey growth was driven by growing our prescriber base through double-digit year-over-year growth leading to double-digit growth in volume. And in addition, we increased our market share and meaningfully expanded tthey size of tthey overall PDP market by approximately 4% to 5%. That's about double tthey growth that you would expect based upon demographics.  So as we think about ttheyse two channels, in tthey SP channel, we often refer to it or tthey more office-based channel, we saw an immediate impact wtheyn tthey pandemic first hit that was centered on new patient starts. Not surprisingly, everything just froze, patients didn't go to ttheyir doctor's offices. And so we lost new patients that we ottheyrwise would have expected to gain in tthey early 2 or 3 months of tthey pandemic. That pretty quickly began trending back toward normal growth rates and for tthey last several months of tthey year, we were back at pre pandemic levels ttheyre. I think that's just a... Ritu Baral Sorry, you said last several months of 2020, even as cases were going up? Steptheyn Davis That's right. That's right. Yes. Again, on tthey office-based side of tthey business, we performed really well despite tthey pending. So back at pre pandemic growth levels in that channel. And that's -- I think ttheyre are 2 things -- 2 threads to pull on ttheyre. One is, I think we did pivot very rapidly in response to tthey pandemic. We instantly got all of our promotional materials on vivo vault, so that we could -- so our reps could be looking at tthey same documents that theyalth care providers are looking at as ttheyy're detailing ttheym virtually. We instantly moved our speakers bureau to a virtual speakers bureau. We set up -- facilitated tthey ability for physicians to write scripts virtually so that as ttheyir practicing telemedicine, ttheyy could do everything online.  So that was 1 thing supporting that return to growth. And tthey ottheyr is just simply tthey recognition that ttheir is a disease that needs to be treated. Ttheyse symptoms are significant. And so as physicians adapted, patients, caregivers adapted to kind of a new reality during tthey pandemic, people pretty quickly go back to tthey point wtheyre ttheyy realize ttheyse patients need to be treated and ttheyn acted accordingly.  On tthey long-term care side of tthey business, we saw an initially slower impact, but it's been a more sustained impact. And tthey impact Is really directly related to census numbers coming down in long-term care. So ttheyy're just fewer patients in long-term care. Fewer patients, exactly. It wasn't so much that we saw a lot of -- that was fed more by just patient -- new patients not coming into long-term care rattheyr than patients that were already in a long-term care facility moving out. It's all some of that, too, but it was primarily just new patients not coming in.  And so that is a temporal situation as vaccines are more and more distributed, more and more -- tthey elder population is vaccinated, we'll see that turnaround. I can't give you tthey precise month or quarter exactly how that will get back to kind of pre pandemics census numbers and ttheyrefore, pre pandemic growth levels in that channel, but that is certainly coming. So what we see today is tthey long-term care channel has stabilized. Ttheyy stabilized at a level lower than it was pre pandemic. And again, I think we're on tthey cusp now beginning to see tthey census numbers come back, and that will ttheyn be in advance of more normal growth patterns in long-term care. Ritu Baral So you will see like RRX from retail turn into NRXs in tthey long-term care facility of patients. Now are newly admitted to long-term care? Steptheyn Davis Yes, ttheyre's an important point ttheyre that I probably should have mentioned, we can access tthey patient wtheyrever ttheyy are. So if a patient is not going into a long-term care facility because ttheyy were concerned about tthey pandemic, we have always shipped drug through specialty pharmacy channels directly to households. So patients get ttheyir prescription at ttheyir home. Ttheyy don't need to go to a retail pharmacy to pick it up. So we can reach ttheym wtheyrever ttheyy are. I can't quantify for you tthey number of scripts that would have been a long-term care script that instead resulted in an office space script, but certainly, some of that was happening. And so again, we can reach ttheym wtheyrever ttheyy are. And as we go forward, that mix of scripts between long-term care and SP will shift as tthey long-term care portion of tthey business returns to more normal growth patterns. Ritu Baral Got it. Okay. So that's PDP's snapshot in time. Of course, everybody wants to know now how tthey DRP sNDA is going. And tthey most frequent question I get is are we beyond AdCom. Any change whatsoever from FDA in messaging such that ttheyre is a real possibility ttheyy could come back sometime in tthey next couple of weeks and say, wait AdCom tthey problem with tthey PDUFA date, if not anything else. What has that sort of tenor of tthey communication continued to be? Steptheyn Davis Yes. I think we're beyond an AdCom. Ritu Baral Is that your... Steptheyn Davis Well, wtheyn we submitted, we said that we wouldn't be commenting on tthey kind of normal interactions that you would be having during a review -- during tthey entirety of tthey review cycle. So I'm not going to comment on that. But in terms of an AdCom, I think we're past tthey time now to have an AdCom. Tthey FDA, wtheyn ttheyy accepted tthey submission for filing, indicated to us that ttheyy do not plan to have an AdCom, ttheyy've never changed from that verbage. So I think we're beyond tthey time now wtheyre you would expect to have an AdCom. Ritu Baral Got it. How, again, conversations with investors about tthey black box, what should expectations be? Modest changes? Could it be removed? Or tthey warning language just be moved to a different part of tthey label? And honestly, doesn't matter as you think about it? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Well, our expectations on ttheir front haven't changed. So I'm just going to repeat what we've said theirtorically. And that is, every antipsychotic has tthey same boxed warning. It's a class warning that all of ttheym have. And it has two sentences. Tthey first is -- simply says, "Ttheyre's an association of higtheyr mortality in elderly demented patients that take antipsychotics." And tthey second sentence says, "Ttheir drug is not approved for use in that patient population." Our label is tthey only label that has a carve-out in that second sentence. And our second sentence says, "Ttheir drug is not approved for use in that population unless ttheyir psychosis is associated with Parkinson's disease." So again, two sentences. Upon an approval in dementia-related psychosis, we would expect that, that second sentence would be removed. Because obviously it would've been more approved in DRP. Tthey first sentence could stay just tthey way it is. And if that were tthey case, wtheyre it simply said, "Ttheyre's an association of higtheyr mortality in elderly demented patients that take antipsychotics." We would be in a situation that's very much akin to what you see with antidepressants today. Every antidepressant has a class boxed warning that says wtheyn ttheyse drugs are used in younger patients, ttheyre's a higtheyr risk of suicidality. And so however, things might turnout with that first sentence or with tthey box warning in general. We're in a situation today wtheyre I just -- I don't see that having significant -- being a significant impediment. It's a medical warning that physicians are very well positioned to assess.  Ttheyy do that in depression today. Physicians see tthey box warning. Ttheyy make -- ttheyy know ttheyre's a risk associated with that class of drugs, and ttheyy make prescribing decisions based upon tthey needs of tthey patient. We're seeing that in PDP today, wtheyre we do have tthey box warning and physicians make that same type of risk-benefit assessment, and ttheyy're very well positioned to do that. In DRP today, wtheyre ttheyre is no drug approved despite tthey fact that every one of ttheyse antipsychotics has that box warning and ttheyy're not approved for use in that population, ttheyre are 800,000 patients being treated with those very antipsychotics that have DRP. So I just don't view it as -- I think it is -- that kind of information is important medical information, but I think physicians are very well positioned to assess it. Ritu Baral Got it. We have one e-mail question in from a client. Could you please address how you view tthey patent expiration of well, patent expiration of NUPLAZID? Maybe you could talk about tthey polymorph patent, what that real-world means and its expiration? Steptheyn Davis Yes, sure. So let me -- I'll start broadly and I'll go into as much details as you like. But broadly speaking, we have composition of matter patents that will take us into 2030. Now that includes our Hatch-Waxman extension, which is in tthey -- we're in tthey process of getting. So we filed for it. We will get it. And you'll see that in tthey orange book in due course. You don't see it today, but it will be ttheyre. And ttheir is tthey normal process and tthey normal timing that you go through on a small molecule Hatch-Waxman extension.  So that composition of matter patent will take us into 2030. Now wtheyn you apply Hatch-Waxman, you can only apply it to 1 patent. And we haven't specified which patent it will be applied to, but people don't normally apply ttheym to a polymorph patent. Our polymorph patent does go 1 year beyond tthey underlying specificity patent that we have. And -- but people don't normally apply ttheym to a polymorph patent unless ttheyy felt ttheyre's something very, very unique about that polymorph. So more likely, we would apply it to tthey underlying specification patent that would again take us into tthey second quarter of 2030.  Now in addition to our composition of matter patents, we have a series of patents around tthey formulation of tthey 38-milligram dosage form, which is tthey standard dose given to patients. And we have a method of use patent around a 10-milligram tablet. Now that 10-milligram tablet is only used for patients that are taking potent 3, 4 inhibitors. That's a very small portion of tthey population. So we have additional patent coverages -- patents covering tthey only 2 forms of tthey drug that are available today. But admittedly, we all understand tthey small molecule patents. Tthey most rock-solid patent that you have is a competition of matter. Tthey ottheyr patents are just as solid, but ttheyy -- you can potentially work around a formulation patent. So we will enforce those patents very vigorously. But that's basically tthey status of affairs today. Ritu Baral Got it. Helpful. So let's go back to DRP for a second. So you mentioned you would be ready to launch on day 1, which probably needs a -- 4th, correct, launch readiness on April 4, right? Steptheyn Davis Well, April 4 is a Saturday, but yes, we will be ready. Ritu Baral So clearly, in your line of sight, everything straightforward. How -- wtheyre are you on tthey current -- since we're a month away, planned sales force expansion and have you had to pull back from your long-term care touch points through COVID? And are you now sort of redoubling on those? Or do you have to sort of push those out until second half until society as a whole enters COVID off? Steptheyn Davis Well, I'll answer tthey second question. I'm going to ask Elena to answer tthey first. Elena Ridloff So with regards to tthey sales team expansion, we're expanding from about 200 FTEs that are field facing to about 450. And as Steve mentioned, we'll be ready to go on day 1. And Steve, do you want to address tthey long-term care question? Steptheyn Davis Yes. So in long-term care, again, tthey two channels, long-term care, office-based physicians. Tthey long-term care haul point is a little bit more complex. And so in an office-based setting, of course, we're calling on tthey physician, we're calling on perhaps nurses and staff at that physician office. So ttheyy're all ttheyre togettheyr. In long-term care, tthey call point is a -- includes various constituents, including tthey nursing staff or Medical Director at a facility, a prescribing physician many times, which is a geriatrician or a geriatric psychiatrist, that does not reside at tthey facility, ttheyy visit patients at tthey facility many times. And ttheyn tthey long-term care consulting pharmacy, and so again, typically not at tthey facility. Ritu Baral Can tthey geriatrician be detailed at tthey facility? Or do you need to go to tthey geriatrician's office? Steptheyn Davis Many times, ttheyse physicians that focus on long-term care, ttheyy really rotate around facilities seeing patients. So we can see that we -- ttheyre's no bar against seeing ttheym at a long-term care facility. I guess my point is we don't need to meet ttheym at tthey long-term care facility, wtheyn we call ttheym in-person. Ritu Baral Got it. Steptheyn Davis So having establittheyyd relationships with that -- with those facets of tthey call points, those people that are involved, we're able to access ttheym wtheyrever ttheyy are. So we're not in long-term care facilities that -- but we don't need to be in order to detail to tthey people that we need to speak with. Now as we progress, we will reach a point wtheyre we will be back in long-term care facilities in more in-person settings. And so that will be coming. But I think as we've seen, wtheyre our business in long-term care has been impacted by census numbers, but on a relative basis, we performed very well.  So we performed better than a basket of 15 drugs, branded drugs in long-term theyre, 13 of which had sales declines in 2020. We were 1 of 2 that actually had sales increases in 2020. So we're -- I think we're very well positioned in long-term care to continue our business, ttheyy are at a very high rate. Tthey key determinant ttheyre really is just getting back to tthey pre pandemic census numbers or tthey number of people in those long-term care facilities. Ritu Baral Anottheyr e-mail question and just going back to DRP. Can you speak to your current confidence level in tthey efficacy and safety profile of pimavanserin in DRP as of right now? Steptheyn Davis Yes. We love to talk about that. So I'll let Serge answer that question. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Thanks. Well, I will start by saying that our confidence in both efficacy and safety data, has not changed from tthey beginning. We are very confident in tthey efficacy. I mean tthey robust results of tthey HARMONY study combined with tthey evidence of efficacy in tthey up to acute clinical paradigms. And HARMONY study demonstrated clearly robust efficacy in both acute and maintenance study is exceptional. So we are very confident in those results as well as safety. I will remind you that tthey extent of tthey safety database that we have submitted as a part of ttheir supplemental NDA is tthey largest that I'm aware in ttheir patient population. We in addition to that, have a very extensive experience in tthey post-marketing safety surveillance in frail and elderly population of Parkinson's disease psychosis. And that's also a part of our file. So just to underscore again, we are very confident in tthey data and that level of confidence did not change throughout review. Ritu Baral Got it. How should we think about pricing now? You're going after a market that's 10x tthey PDP market. Yes. Just how are you thinking about WAC pricing? How are you thinking about discounting? Steptheyn Davis So as we said before, so we already have a drug on tthey market in PDP, right? So we already have a price. We're already on formulary. So as we've said before, I wouldn't expect -- I wouldn't assume that tthey price will be different in DRP. So obviously, if it were to change, we have tthey potential to discount. We don't do any discounting today in PDP ottheyr than what's statutorily required to government payers and ttheyn, of course, some very small customary discounts you do to channel participants. But to payers, we don't do any discounting ottheyr than to tthey government.  And so I wouldn't assume that, that will be any different in DRP. And tthey reason I say that is tthey dynamics are very similar between PDP and DRP. And based upon tthey payer work we've done, ttheyy get it. Ttheyre's nothing approved in DRP as ttheyre was nothing approved wtheyn we launctheyd in PDP. Tthey use of tthey dopaminergic, previous generation, atypical antipsychotics is very problematic in both populations. In tthey case of PDP, it can impair motor function in a Parkinson's patient that already has motor impairment. In tthey case of dementia-related psychosis, very large study, it's well-establittheyyd that those drugs, those dopaminergic antipsychotics used off-label impair cognition in dementia patients that already have impaired cognition.  And it's not insignificant. It's equivalent to about 1 year of disease progression. In addition, ttheyy impair motor function in those patients that already frail and elderly and higtheyr risk of falling and breaking a hip, et cetera. Ttheyy're also theyavily sedating. So payers get it that those drugs are very problematic wtheyn used in those patients -- in that patient population for which ttheyy are not approved. So tthey dynamics, I think, are very similar.  Now anytime you launch in a new area, you don't have tthey final payer discussions until you actually get an approval, and we have a label to discuss with payers. So that time will come. If we ever do need to do any discounting, we think it pencils out. In dementia-related psychosis, we've got a lot of dry powder since we're not doing any today. Ritu Baral Okay. I want to spend our last few minutes on tthey pipeline, especially with tthey trofinetide data approaching before end of tthey year. Maybe, Serge, can you remind us and walk us through tthey primary endpoint on tthey LAVENDER study, that Rett scale? And what does good data look like on that scale? Is statistical significance enough just given tthey unmet need? Or are you really looking for a certain delta to show clinical meaningfulness on top of statistical significance? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Thank you. First of all, let me just update you on tthey progress in LAVENDER study. We -- tthey study is progressing well in spite of tthey theyadwinds with tthey COVID pandemic and stops and starts with tthey study related to tthey availability and possibility to adequately assess tthey patients as we move forward through tthey pandemic.  So tthey study is progressing well, and we are on track for tthey top line results before tthey end of ttheir year, 2021. Tthey study, again, as a reminder, is a 3-month placebo-controlled study and primary outcome measure is actually co-primary measures. We are using two outcome measure. One is our Rett Syndrome Behavioral Questioner, a validated caregiver assessment for tthey symptoms of Rett. And tthey second is clinical global impression of improvement, which is a clinician assessment. By nature, we need to win on both as those are primary. Tthey study is adequately powered for both outcome measures. And by tthey nature of having that clinical clinician validation of tthey Rett questionnaire, I mean statistically significance from placebo would also indicate meaningfulness, clinical meaningfulness of tthey results. So we do anticipate that separation from placebo in ttheir trial will present a clinically meaningful advancement for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome.  And one ottheyr thing that I would like to say theyre is that a distinguishing feature of trofinetide is that we are targeting core symptoms of Rett syndrome. Some of tthey ottheyr development programs are more geared toward a specific area. Just as a reminder, tthey Rett syndrome is really a very polymorph in terms of a variety of different body systems involved. Not only in terms of motor symptoms and ambulation, but seizures, respiratory symptoms, GI symptoms, developmental cycles -- developmental symptoms and so on. So from that perspective, we are addressing multiplicity of ttheyse symptoms within tthey Rett syndrome. And tthey benefits will be -- that we observed in tthey Phase II study and anticipating our pivotal program will actually spread across ttheyse different symptoms. Ritu Baral Okay. That's very theylpful. That was going to be my follow-up question. That gives us just 1 minute to talk about tthey non-opioid pain program. You have or planned to start two Phase II studies and two pain models. Serge, can you briefly walk us through those trial designs and wtheyn we might expect data? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. In tthey first quarter of ttheir year, we will be initiating Phase II study in tthey acute post-operative pain for patients undergoing bunionectomy surgery. And in tthey second quarter, we will be initiating Phase II study for patients suffering from chronic osteoarthritis pain. So we are targeting both acute clinical model and tthey chronic pain clinical model. Obviously, for tthey first study that we are starting and in acute pain, it's also a shorter study. We anticipate that we will be able to share tthey top line results before tthey end of ttheir year, while tthey next study, osteoarthritis, starts a little later and it will be a little longer. So we anticipate in top line results in 2022. At ttheir point, until we actually start tthey study and enrollment and get a little bit experience with that, we are not guiding precisely wtheyn in 2022, but we will have tthey top line results next year. Ritu Baral Great. I think we're at time. Serge, Steve, Elena, thank you so much for joining us today and taking all tthey questions. Steptheyn Davis Thanks you, Ritu. Elena Ridloff Thanks, Ritu. Srdjan Stankovic Thank you, Ritu.