ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 24, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Mark Johnson - VP, IR Steve Davis - CEO Elena Ridloff - CFO Jeffrey Morgan - Chief Revenue and Customer Officer Charmaine Lykins - Global Product Planning and Chief Marketing Officer Serge Stankovic - President Conference Call Participants Cory Kasimov - JPMorgan Ritu Baral - Cowen & Company Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald Neena Bitritto-Garg - Citi Jason Butler - JMP Securities Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Salveen Richter - Goldman Sachs Marc Goodman - SVB Leerink Vamil Divan - Mizuho Securities Paul Matteis - Stifel Nicolaus Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Sumant Kulkarni - Canaccord Genuity Chris Howerton - Jefferies Joseph Stringer - Needham & Company Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to ACADIA Pharmaceuticals' Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2020 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Giji, and I will be your coordinator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards tthey end of today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at ACADIA. Please proceed. Mark Johnson Thank you so much. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss ACADIA's fourth quarter and full-year 2020 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of our 2020 financial performance, a review of our business, and our outlook for 2021. Following Steve, Elena Ridloff, our Chief Commercial Officer, will ttheyn discuss our financial results and guidance. Also joining us today is Jeffrey Morgan, our Chief Revenue and Customer Officer; and Charmaine Lykins, Global Product Planning and Chief Marketing Officer, who will provide updates on our commercial initiatives. Dr. Serge Stankovic, our President, will ttheyn discuss our pipeline progress before turning it back to Steve for final remarks, and opening tthey call up for your questions. I would also like to point out that we are using supplement slides, which are available on tthey Events & Presentations section of our Web site. Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today we will be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements, including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results, are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause tthey actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today's date. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. We had a great year in 2020 with significant progress across our three strategic pillars. Our strong financial performance positions us well for a pivotal year in 2021, as we prepare for tthey transformative impact of our potential DRP launch, while advancing our pipeline of innovative programs. For tthey full-year 2020, we achieved net sales for NUPLAZID of $441.8 million. Ttheir represents a 30% year-over-year increase. Ttheyse results are due to tthey focused execution of our commercial team, which continues to perform at a high level despite tthey challenges of tthey ongoing pandemic. Since launching in 2016, we've achieved consistent linear growth year-over-year in net sales of NUPLAZID for patients with Parkinson's disease psychosis or PDP. Additional highlights from 2020 include our submission of an sNDA for DRP. Tthey FDA review is progressing as expected, and we look forward to tthey potential NUPLAZID becoming tthey first and only approved treatment for ttheir indication, and tthey first new treatment in tthey dementia space in over 15 years. We progressed our Phase 3 program for trofinetide and Rett syndrome and initiated ADVANCE-2, our Phase 3 study for pimavanserin in tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Ttheyse are two indications with high unmet need and no approved ttheyrapies. We also furttheyr expanded our pipeline with strategic business development. We acquired CerSci Ttheyrapeutics, brining us tthey first-in-class non-opioid pain program. And through our collaboration with Vanderbilt University, we brought in a novel muscarinic receptor program. Both represent high science approactheys within CNS and large potential market opportunities. Please turn to Slide 6. In 2021, to deliver on our mission, we're focused on three strategic pillars: first is driving tthey growth in NUPLAZID for patients with Parkinson's disease psychosis; second, delivering on tthey dementia-related psychosis opportunity; and third, developing tthey next wave of breakthrough ttheyrapies by advancing our development pipeline and acquiring new assets. Let's review ttheyse furttheyr on Slide 7. Tthey significant potential of pimavanserin, combined with our clinical pipeline, will drive meaningful long-term growth. We continue to grow NUPLAZID sales, and based on our 2020 performance and current outlook, we're providing net sales guidance for PDP in fiscal year 2021 of $510 million to $550 million. We're on tthey cusp of a potential approval in DRP, a significantly larger market opportunity for which our teams have been preparing for approximately two years. We will be ready to execute on Day 1. In addition, we're advancing our pipeline with clinical trials across five separate indications. Today, we have two late-stage and two early-stage programs focused on tthey treatment of neurological and psychiatric indications in areas of significant unmet need. As we look to expand our pipeline, we will leverage our CNS expertise and have ongoing efforts dedicated to evaluating new business development opportunities. And with that, I will now turn it over to Elena to discuss our financial performance and guidance. Elena Ridloff Thank you, Steve. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2020 results and our 2021 financial outlook. Please turn to Slide 9. In tthey quarter, we recorded $121 million in net sales, an increase of approximately 23% compared to $98.3 million in net sales in Q4 of 2019. Ttheir was driven by strong performance of NUPLAZID in tthey office space prescription channel and continued stabilization in tthey long-term care channel. Overall, year-over-year volume growth in Q4 was approximately 12%. Tthey gross-to-net adjustment for Q4 was 18.3%. Recent inventory in tthey channel at tthey end of tthey fourth quarter were slightly higtheyr than tthey previous quarter, but consistent with theirtorical ranges. Moving down tthey P&L, GAAP R&D expenses increased to $62.1 million in tthey quarter, compared to $57.5 million in Q4 of 2019. GAAP SG&A expenses increased to $120.8 million in tthey fourth quarter from $91.9 million in tthey fourth quarter of last year. Non-cash stock-based compensation expense during tthey quarter was $21.2 million compared to $19.8 million for tthey same period in 2019. Please turn to Slide 10. For tthey full-year 2020, we recorded $441.8 million in net sales, an increase of 30% compared to $339.1 million in net sales in 2019. Ttheir was driven by 18% year-over-year volume growth. Tthey gross-to-net adjustment for tthey full-year was 17%. GAAP R&D expenses increased to $319.1 million in 2020 from $240.4 million in 2019. Ttheir is primarily due to tthey upfront expenses related to tthey CerSci acquisition and tthey license and research collaboration with Vanderbilt University. GAAP SG&A expenses increased to $388.7 million in 2020 from $325.6 million in 2019. Ttheir is largely due to increased advertising and promotional costs, DRP launch preparation expenses, as well as an increase in personnel and related costs. Non-cash stock-based compensation expense for 2020 was $84.4 million, compared to $82.3 million for 2019. We ended tthey year with $632 million in cash and investments on our balance ttheyyet, compared to $697.4 million at year-end 2019. Please turn to our 2021 financial guidance on Slide 11. For tthey full-year of 2021, we expect continued growth for NUPLAZID in Parkinson's disease psychosis. We're providing net sales guidance for PDP of $510 million to $550 million. As ttheir is a potential launch year for DRP, we're not including revenue expectations for DRP in our guidance. Tthey midpoint of tthey guidance range represents 20% growth in PDP revenues year-over-year. As you model 2021, we expect similar quarterly dynamics in gross-to-net as prior years. We expect gross-to-net to be higtheyst in tthey first quarter due to tthey annual reset of tthey donut holes manufacturer obligation from Medicare Part D patient. As a result of a meaningful increase in gross-to-net in tthey first quarter, we expect first quarter net sales to be down sequentially. However, we expect growth in PDP net sales to resume in tthey second quarter and continue throughout tthey year. On tthey expense side for 2021, we expect GAAP R&D expenses to be between $300 million and $320 million. Ttheir is driven by progressing clinical candidates and five indications and includes approximately $30 million in stock-based compensation expense. We expect GAAP SG&A to be between $560 million and $590 million for tthey full-year. Ttheir represents similar investments in PDP as compared to 2020, a new investment related to tthey DRP launch. Ttheir also includes approximately $16 million in stock-based compensation expense. I'll now turn it over to Jeffrey who will discuss our PDP commercial performance and outlook for 2021. Jeffrey Morgan Thank you, Elena. Today, I would like to review our full-year 2020 commercial performance, which reflects tthey solid foundation of our business and positioned us for long-term growth. Please turn to Slide 13. Over tthey past several years, we have built and developed a best-in-class commercial field organization through a high-performance culture that is focused on results. In 2020, we achieved $441.8 million in net sales, representing 30% year-over-year growth. I'd like to point out two key drivers of our success. First, despite tthey pandemic, we've broadened our prescriber base at double-digit growth rates, leading to double-digit volume growth year-over-year. Second, we increased our market share and meaningfully expanded tthey size of tthey overall PDP market by approximately 4% to 5%. Ttheir is a direct result of our PDP disease education and NUPLAZID's promotional efforts. In 2020, we grew across all segments of our business. Ttheir was led by office space prescriptions, which grew as a result of new patient start performing at or exceeding pre-COVID levels and we continue to observe high fulfillment rates for continuing patients on NUPLAZID. As we have discussed previously, tthey long-term care channel has been impacted by tthey ongoing pandemic. In Q4, our LTC business remains stable, and ttheir is continuing as we enter ttheir year. According to tthey latest IQVIA data, NUPLAZID has continued to outperform a market basket of branded LTC products. While census numbers remain below pre-pandemic levels, ttheyy have stabilized and we believe ttheir will be a temporary situation. As we work through tthey pandemic, we remain confident in our growth potential for 2021 as we're well positioned to reach patients, wtheyrever ttheyy're located, wtheyttheyr in tthey community or long-term care setting. Now let's discuss our NUPLAZID 2021 growth initiatives and priorities in PDP. Please turn to Slide 14. Our successful commercial execution and 2020 positions us well as we carry ttheir momentum into 2021. Ttheir year, we'll continue to focus on growing our base of new prescribers, driving growth in tthey size of tthey overall PDP market and increasing NUPLAZID's market share. We'll accomplish ttheir through a number of commercial initiatives including stimulating conversations to bridge tthey communication gap between patients, caregivers and theyalthcare professionals, continuing to engage with our customers, both virtually and in-person, and amplifying our theyalthcare professional and consumer campaigns. Throughout tthey year, we will leverage tthey strong foundation we have built in PDP to lead a successful launch in DRP. To discuss our DRP initiatives furttheyr, I'll now turn it over to Charmaine. Charmaine Lykins Thanks, Jeffrey. Please turn to Slide 15. Having led several successful product launctheys in CNS over tthey years, I'd like to emphasize how excited I am about ttheir launch in particular and how experienced and well-prepared our team is. Our marketing and broader commercial teams have been working hard to deliver on tthey mission atheyad of us. Patients are waiting. And last year approval of pimavanserin for tthey treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with DRP will represent a significant breakthrough for patients and caregivers. And tthey pivotal HARMONY study in DRP pimavanserin demonstrated robust efficacy and importantly we see ttheir efficacy without any negative impacts on cognition or movement. Tthey physicians we have spoken to are eager for a treatment option with clinically establittheyyd efficacy and tthey differentiated safety profile. We have an important mission atheyad of us, and we look forward to delivering ttheyse compelling messages upon approval. A key focus of our DRP launch will be building disease awareness for both theyalthcare professionals and caregivers. For theyalthcare professionals, or HCPs, disease state education is tthey top priority. And ttheyse efforts are foundational to theylping HCP to recognize and discuss tthey early signs and symptoms of DRP with ttheyir patients. Our disease state education website created by and for HCPs MoreThanCognition.com continues to see increasing engagement with approximately 450,000 views since launch in October 2019. Our virtual disease state education events targeted for tthey HCP audience have been very successful with impressive online attendance. Our team has engaged nearly every dementia center of excellence in tthey United States and all national long-term care associations have participated in DRP disease state awareness programs. Wtheyn it comes to caregivers and tthey patients ttheyy care for prioritizing tthey caregiver and our consumer outreach is an important area of focus. Wtheyn we compare tthey demographics of DRP caregivers to wtheyre we have focused in PDP, DRP caregivers tend to be younger and more multi-generational. To that end, we have recently launctheyd MoreThanMemoryLoss.com, a disease education website that speaks directly to tthey caregivers and provides educational resources and stories to theylp ttheym know ttheyy're not alone in caring for someone with delusions and hallucinations associated with dementia. Similar to our success with tthey positive PDP, bringing awareness and education to theyalthcare providers and caregivers will be critical to our success. Please turn to Slide 16. DRP launch preparations, including talent recruitment are on track. While tthey DRP indication is a much larger opportunity than PDP, ttheir indication will be a line extension of a product already on tthey market. For NUPLAZID ttheir means we'll be leveraging and building upon our current -- foundation and establittheyyd infrastructure. For example, since its launch, NUPLAZID has generated significant brand awareness and PDP. With ACADIA Connect, we already have an establittheyyd patient support service to theylp patients and caregivers start and stay on NUPLAZID. Furttheyrmore, NUPLAZID has broad formulary access and PDP with a well-recognized value proposition among payers. And finally, we have a strong and experienced long-term care sales force leveraging key partnerships with patient advocacy organizations, national electronic theyalth record systems and pharmacies. Our field organizations are eager and ready to go upon approvals. Tthey promise of theylping many more patients and ttheyir families has never been closer to being realized. I would now like to turn it over to Serge to provide an update on our pipeline. Serge Stankovic Thank you, Charmaine, and good afternoon everybody. Please turn to Slide 18. First, I'm pleased to report that we are on track for tthey April 3 PDUFA date with our supplemental NDA for tthey dementia related psychosis. Beyond DRP, we are focused on developing innovative new treatments with high unmet need, and that is reflected in our growing and advancing pipeline. In 2021, we will have ongoing clinical programs across five indications. I would like to discuss now our pipeline progress in more detail, starting with our trofinetide program on Slide 19. As we've discussed, Rett syndrome is a highly debilitating, rare neurological disorder with currently no FDA approved ttheyrapies. Our Phase 3 program with trofinetide is progressing well with top-line results from our LAVENDER study expected in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. With LAVENDER we are seeking to confirm tthey positive results of tthey Phase 2 study using tthey same validated endpoints to show improvement on tthey core symptoms of Rett syndrome. As a result, based on tthey end of Phase 2 meeting with tthey FDA, if LAVENDER is positive, we plan to submit an NDA. Tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia remain a very significant unmet need. Please see an overview of our program on Slide 20. Ttheyre are over 700,000 patients in tthey United States, who are currently treated for schizophrenia, but still have persistent and potentially debilitating negative symptoms such as social withdrawal, lack of emotion and blunted affect among ottheyrs. Approved antipsychotics primarily address tthey positive symptoms, namely hallucinations, delusions, agitation, but importantly do not control negative symptoms. As part of our Phase 3 program, we have one positive pivotal study already ADVANCE-1 and are enrolling our second pivotal study now ADVANCE-2. If positive, pimavanserin could be tthey first and only FDA approved ttheyrapy indicated for tthey treatment of tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Turning now to Slide 21, we have an oral scientific approach. ACP-044 is tthey first-in-class orally administered non-opioid analgesic. ACP-044 accelerates decomposition of peroxynitrite. Ttheir nitro-oxidative agent, peroxynitrite is elevated following tissue injury. With acceleration of peroxynitrite decomposition, ACP-044 interrupts multiple downstream paid pathways and consequently may prevent and or treat a variety of acute and chronic pain conditions. In tthey first quarter, we will be initiating a Phase 2 study in acute post-operative pain for patients undergoing bunionectomy surgery. And in tthey second quarter, we will initiate a Phase 2 study for patients suffering from chronic osteoarthritis pain. Finally, please turn to Slide 22 for a brief summary of our ACP-319 program. Treatments targeting muscarinic receptors have shown great promise and potential utility for a cognitive impairment in dementia and psychotic symptoms in schizophrenia. We believe due to its receptor selectivity and allosteric modulation approach that ACP-319 has tthey potential to achieve ttheir efficacy without unwanted cholinergic side effects. We are continuing Phase 1 development. I look forward to provide updates on ttheir program as we progress. Slide 23 highlights our ongoing programs and upcoming milestones. To recap near-term, we look forward to a potential approval in DRP with PDUFA date of April 3. Also in tthey first-half of ttheir year, we will initiate two Phase 2 studies for tthey ACP-044 program. And before tthey end of ttheir year, we expect top-line results from tthey trofinetide Phase 3 study in Rett syndrome. And with that, I'll turn tthey call back over to Steve. Steve Davis Thank you, Serge. Please turn to Slide 25. Today, we were executing on our promise to deliver NUPLAZID to patients with PDP while preparing for a potential second indication in DRP. It allows us to theylp a greater number of patients and ttheyir caregivers. Our long-term growth strategy reflects tthey continued momentum of our NUPLAZID franctheire and progression of our broad pipeline, which addressed disorders of high unmet need. Additionally business development remains a critical pillar of our strategy and we will continue to execute high science deals that expand our pipeline. In closing, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir accomplishments in 2020 and ttheyir continued commitment, and passion as we continue our mission to elevate lives. I'll now open up call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Cory Kasimov Great. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask you more about your market research around DRP, and kind of what you see as tthey initial intent to prescribe, and maybe what you would expect to be tthey biggest impediments to initial uptake? Thank you very much. Steve Davis Yes, thanks much for tthey question, Cory. Charmaine, do you want to take that? Charmaine Lykins Sure. Overall, I'd say we've had very good feedback from KOLs up until now, be it tthey advisory boards we've had or market research. Physicians are excited to be able to prescribe NUPLAZID for dementia-related psychosis once it's approved. And ideally because of tthey dual efficacy that seen through tthey HARMONY study with three times less chance of relapse compared to patients on placebo wtheyn it comes to symptoms of psychosis. Tthey safety profile as well is one that differentiates from tthey off-label agents that are used out ttheyre in tthey market. So overall, I would say, very positive feedback with regards to physicians that we've spoken to in market research. Cory Kasimov Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ritu Baral from Cowen. Your line is now open. Ritu Baral Hi, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. I wanted to ask about sort of tthey first steps that you would take on tthey DRP launch, especially as it relates to long-term care centers and what is potentially a COVID-off environment. What are you seeing in those dynamics? Are patients moving back into tthey long-term care center for retail? Could it be disruptive? And how will that fit into your first launch activity? Steve Davis Yes, thanks so much for tthey question, Ritu. Jeffrey, do you want to take that? Jeffrey Morgan Yes. Thanks, Ritu, for tthey question. What I'll share is that tthey situation in LTC is temporary and linked to tthey pandemic. We believe that tthey availability of tthey vaccine and tthey distribution of tthey vaccine will be a key element to returning to pre-pandemic conditions. What I'd like to share with you is, and remind you of, is that really NUPLAZID has done very well throughout 2020, and outperformed tthey market regardless of tthey pandemic. And so wtheyn you look at it compared to tthey market basket, 13 of 15 products experienced declines. So just looking at that situation, looking at how we performed in 2020, and looking into 2021, we'll continue to leverage that foundation. Steve Davis Ritu, it might just also -- just to remind everyone, we ship drug directly to patient, so that's always been our distribution model, so ttheyy get it directly at ttheyir homes. So we can access patients wtheyttheyr ttheyy're in a long-term care facility or at ttheyir home. And I think what we've seen through tthey pandemic is our ability to do that, our ability to reach out to patients, work through tthey challenge of tthey pandemic, and we expect that tthey learnings that we've garnered ttheyre to carry through as we launch into DRP as well. Ritu Baral Helpful. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Tazeen Ahmad from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Tazeen Ahmad Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. So, you guys are not going to be providing guidance for DRP, understandable. But assuming that you do get approved and you do start detailing right away, could we expect to see some detail at least in tthey early parts of tthey launch, that scripts being written specifically for that indication, so that we have a sense of sort of a cadence of pickup, at least, in tthey early days, so that we have some expectations on how we should think about modeling? Thanks. Steve Davis Yeah, thanks much. Elena, you want to take that? Elena Ridloff Sure. So, Tazeen, it's a little premature at ttheir point to comment on what we'll provide as far as early launch metrics, but we will do our best to provide dynamics and insights into tthey launch and we are eager and excited to launch on approval. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open. Charles Duncan Hi, Steve and team. Congrats on a good year of progress despite tthey challenging market. Thanks for taking my question. I had a question for Serge relative to DRP regulatory progress, and I know you're probably not going to provide a lot of color. But you said that you were on track for tthey April 3 PDUFA date, and I'm kind of wondering how you know that is tthey case? Are you in label discussions? And ttheyn can you provide any color on how you imagine tthey label, if it's an approved label, to accommodate use in a dementia patient population? Steve Davis Serge, two questions ttheyre. You want to take ttheym? Serge, I think you may be on mute. Serge Stankovic Yes, I'm sorry, I was on mute. Hi, Charles, and thanks for tthey question. As it is customary, we are not really providing tthey details or commenting on tthey ongoing review, unless, obviously, ttheyre is something material. So to that extent, we are not going into details on tthey day-to-day interactions with tthey FDA. But we are, based on all, everything, we are on track for tthey April 3 PDUFA date. In regard to tthey label, as we have been commenting earlier, we are not only anticipating tthey broad label, broad indication to ottheyr types of tthey dementia-related psychosis, but we -- or across tthey dementia subtypes. But we are also had basing that on tthey interactions and agreements that we had with tthey FDA from tthey beginning, starting with our end of Phase 2 meeting and tthey pre-sNDA meeting. So, from that perspective, we are, however, reliably anticipating that we will receive tthey broad label with based on tthey study that we submitted with a part of tthey supplemental NDA. Charles Duncan Sounds good. Thanks for taking tthey question. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Neena Bitritto-Garg from Citi. Your line is now open. Neena Bitritto-Garg Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. So I just had a question about tthey gross-to-net. And thanks, Elena, for giving us some good detail around how to think about it for tthey first quarter and tthey rest of tthey year. But I guess I'm just curious about how we should think about wtheyre tthey gross-to-net could kind of settle out in like tthey second through fourth quarters ttheir year, just given tthey DRP launch and tthey dynamics of kind of new Medicare patients coming on drug in potentially large quantities? Thanks. Steve Davis Yes, Elena, you want to take that? Elena Ridloff Sure, thanks. So maybe I'll break it out just to give you a little more context for PDP versus tthey dynamics for DRP. So, for PDP, we ttheyre expect a very similar gross-to-net dynamics as well as a rate as 2020, so high teens for PDP. Wtheyn you look at DRP, since tthey patient mix will be different as we'll have more new patients, and ttheir is a theyavily a Medicare population, ttheyre'll be a higtheyr proportion of donut hole obligation for us. So, tthey DRP proportion of revenues will have a higtheyr gross-to-net, and it'll likely be in tthey mid-20s, again because of tthey patient mix, so over time that would change. Neena Bitritto-Garg Perfect. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jason Butler from JMP Securities. Your line is now open. Jason Butler Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. Just one outside of tthey long-term care setting, can you just give us an idea of what tthey level of overlap between PDP and DRP prescribers is? And essentially, is it our subset of prescribers theyre that already has a relatively high level awareness of DRP and tthey pimavanserin data. And ttheyn just a quick follow-up does your guidance assume for PDP any return to growth in a long-term care setting in 2021? Thanks. Steve Davis Sure. Jeffrey, you want to take tthey first question and Elena you want to answer tthey question on guidance? Jeffrey Morgan Sure. Thanks for tthey question. So as we prepare for DRP, we're going to leverage our current compelling and ttheyn we'll expand furttheyr into psychiatry, LTC, and ttheyn our CNS focused primary care physicians. Elena, you want to take tthey second point. Elena Ridloff Sure. So, we've incorporated a range of scenarios within our guidance. And as Steve and Jeffrey mentioned before, importantly, we can reach patients wtheyrever ttheyy are, wtheyttheyr ttheyy're at home or in a long-term care setting. So ttheyre's a range of scenarios incorporated in our guidance with regards to long-term care, returning to growth and we're confident in tthey range and tthey dynamics of tthey lower end versus tthey upper end will partially be determined based on what we see as far as long-term care census and tthey rate towards that improves throughout tthey year. Steve Davis Got it, great. Thanks, Elena. Thanks for tthey question. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeff Hung from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Q – Jeff Hung Thanks for taking tthey question. Can you just provide an update on levels in-person activity in tthey last couple of months and what kinds of differences you're seeing by region or channel? Just curious if that's changed over time. Thanks. Steve Davis I'm sorry. You were breaking up on line. Could you ask tthey question again? Q – Jeff Hung Yes, sure. So I was just wondering if you could provide an update on tthey level of in-person activity in tthey last couple of months, and I'm curious if that's changed over time and what kind of differences you're seeing by region or channel? Steve Davis Got it. Yes, thanks very much. Maybe you want to take tthey question on in-person activity? Elena Ridloff Yes, thanks for tthey question. So tthey market's dynamic as we navigate ttheir pandemic, we're seeing some return on face-to-face or in-person interactions, but we'll continue just like we have throughout 2020 and 2021 to adjust to tthey market and maneuver from virtual to in-person to hybrid. Steve Davis Thank you. Just to echo Jeffrey's thoughts ttheyre, on tthey in-office side, we are seeing things shift more and more towards in-person visits. On tthey long-term care side, things are pretty much unchanged on that front wtheyre it's very restricted getting for understandable reasons, getting to long-term care facilities. Having said that I think is we're all see in tthey press vaccines being distributed more and more broadly, particularly focusing on elder care and patients in long-term care facilities. Ttheir temporal situation we'll clear and we'll have tthey ability to do more in-person visits in long-term care facilities. And just one additional thing that we've mentioned before, I just want to remind you of long-term care is a little bit of a different call point than calling on a physician's office. It's more of a -- ttheyre's several constituents that need to be engaged in long-term care, tthey long-term care pharmacy medical director or nursing staff at tthey facility, and of course tthey prescribing physician. We have relationships with all of ttheym and many of those relationships do not require us to be in a facility. So, as we indicated before, we feel very well positioned to continue to drive tthey business in long-term care. And as since ttheir numbers come back ttheyre, we expect to return tthey same kind of gross profits that we had ttheyre before tthey pandemic. Q – Jeff Hung Great, thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Salveen Richter from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Salveen Richter Could you provide your view on how you see with DRP launch trajectory playing out versus what you saw with tthey PDP launch recognizing differential factors, including COVID and existing partial footprint, but any color you can give us theyre would be theylpful. Steve Davis Sure. Elena you want to take that? Elena Ridloff Sure. So, we expect very similar dynamics to what we've observed with PDP, but of course on a much larger scale. If you recall, wtheyn we launctheyd in PDP, we said with ttheyse kinds of drugs, particularly wtheyn you're entering a new space, but ttheyre's been nothing approved before, you should expect tthey progressive linear type of sales growth. And that's exactly what we've seen with PDP. And ttheir is really just because of two primary factors, one more educating both on tthey disease state as well as getting physicians familiar with prescribing a new drug. And as we start to get more of that familiarity, ttheyn tthey prescriber base grows and your depth of prescribing grows. So, we expect tthey same thing to be true for DRP. And we're very much looking forward to launching in following tthey PDUFA. Salveen Richter Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Marc Goodman from SVB Leerink. Your line is now open. Marc Goodman Elena, can you talk about tthey SG&A increase from 2020 to 2021 to some push and pulls. I mean, I'm curious number of reps that we're adding, are we adding roughly 250 reps? Are ttheyy coming in around tthey middle of tthey year? Are ttheyy coming in at tthey beginning of tthey year? With respect to tthey advertising promotional event dollars that you're doing, I mean is tthey PDP dollars going up year-to-year in addition to obviously, we're layering in DRP. I'm just kind of curious or as DRP coming in with PDP kind of moving down, I'm just kind of curious how you guys are thinking about ttheir, and how it plays out throughout tthey year as well? Elena Ridloff Sure, so you've hit on two of tthey primary drivers. So let me just first, so first tthey primary driver for sure is tthey DRP launch. Our PDP spend year-over-year is very similar. And tthey key drivers to that increase are tthey field expansion. You have tthey numbers, right, we're going from 200 to 450.Our marketing launch investments, which include our DRP DTC plan, which we think will be important, and we've had a lot of success with PDP on both unbranded and brand new campaigns. And we plan to implement a similar strategy for DRP. And ttheyn lastly, our medical affairs investments, Phase 4 studies for DRP and MSL expansion. So those are tthey primary drivers and as far as tthey cadence for tthey year, you should expect SG&A to grow through tthey quarters throughout tthey year. Marc Goodman Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Vamil Divan from Mizuho. Your line is now open. Vamil Divan Great, thanks for taking my question. Thanks for all tthey thoughts on DRP because ttheyy'll take us over tthey next six weeks or so. So I think maybe I could just shift gears, you also have tthey trofinetide data coming out at tthey end of tthey year theyre. Can you maybe just sort of frame your thoughts on what would be clinically meaningful results from that trial? And ttheyn ttheyre's several companies working on products for Rett syndrome. Now, obviously, ttheyre's a huge unmet need. Can you just maybe talk about wtheyre you see ttheir product being differentiated from tthey ottheyrs? Thanks. Steve Davis Sure. Thanks much, Serge, you want to take that? Serge Stankovic Yes, thanks Vamil. I'll start by tthey first part of your question in terms of what are our expectations in terms of being for most of tthey results. Just to remind you in tthey agreement with tthey FDA, tthey primary outcome of our Phase 3 trial is actually measurement of tthey symptoms by two separate outcome measures, one being Rett Syndrome behavioral questionnaire, which is a validated caregiver assessment for symptoms of Rett Syndrome. And tthey ottheyr is clinical global impression of improvement, which is a clean initial assessment of tthey overall improvement of symptoms. So by virtue of actually not only assessing tthey core symptoms of tthey Rett Syndrome by rating scale, but also ttheyse clinical assessment of tthey improvement gives tthey meaningfulness to tthey outcome of tthey measure obviously providing that we observe significant difference between placebo and drag in ttheir regard following treatment. So that's as far as tthey first point goes. In regard to tthey second question, one of tthey distinctive characteristic of tthey benefit that we're anticipating to replicate in our Phase 3 trial from tthey initial data that we have in Phase 2 is that trofinetide addresses multiple areas of tthey core symptoms of Rett Syndrome. As you know, Rett Syndrome in its nature affects tthey multiple system motor, respiratory seizures are important symptoms, tthey ability to articulate as well as ottheyr neurological symptoms that occur. So, from that perspective, we're really distinctive characteristic of trofinetide is that addresses ttheyse multiple symptoms, which is somewhat different from what we have seen with some of tthey ottheyr development programs that are specifically targeted to one specialist area like eittheyr addressing seizures, or respiratory symptoms or things of that nature. So, ttheir ability to address tthey core symptom and thus improve overall functioning of tthey patient is important feature that we are anticipated to be able to demonstrate through with tthey data from our Phase 3 trial. Vamil Divan Okay, thank you very much. Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis from Stifel. Your line is now open. Paul Matteis Hey, thanks a lot for taking my question. Since pimavanserin is on tthey market and insurers know well, how much can you formalize reimbursement agreements, or at least semi-formalize ttheym atheyad of approval and I guess in April, May, June, what do you think access will look like? Do you think that tthey physician pretty soon will be able to write ttheir and get a patient on it within a reasonable period of time? Or could we be months away from that after tthey PDUFA? Thank you. Steve Davis Sure, thanks for tthey question, Paul. I'm going to answer part of tthey question, and I'm going to ask Charmaine to answer tthey second part regarding just access in tthey early going. So as we've indicated before, although DRP is a dramatically larger population than PDP, I wouldn't expect, I wouldn't assume that we'll have any change in price ttheyre. Today, we enjoy very good access with payers. We're already on formularies with PDP and with DRP, we expect very similar dynamics with payers and very similar payer mix, wtheyn I say we expect very similar dynamics, payers get with PDP, ttheyre was no drug approved, DRP ttheyre is no drug approved. Used in both cases off label use of tthey atypical antipsychotics is very problematic in use in those populations. And we've always priced NUPLAZID based on tthey value that provides for patients and ttheyir caregivers, and as you know, we enjoy very, very good access today. So I'll let Charmaine talk a little bit about tthey mechanics of just what will happen as we move past and approval and payers make adjustments to ttheyir access, Charmaine? Charmaine Lykins Sure. Yes, sure, thanks Steve. So first of all, we have to recognize that DRP will be a line extension for a product has already approved it on tthey market, and NUPLAZID is part of a protected class as well. So, both of those pieces of information are important theyre. Payers will simply add an additional usage criteria for dementia related psychosis to NUPLAZID's existing formulary status because of tthey situation. Now for Medicare, tthey largest payer of course, considering tthey demographics, that is expected to happen within 90 days or so of approval. On tthey commercial side with commercial payers, it may take up to a year, but we don't anticipate it happening taking it that long with tthey commercial payers. In tthey interim, we've got patient services programs set up to Acadia Connect and we're well equipped to support patients no matter wtheyre ttheyy may be, as I mentioned before, be ttheyy in long-term care setting community or whatnot and also with different types of payers. Paul Matteis Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Gregory Renza Hey guys, thanks for all tthey color tonight. Congrats on tthey progress and thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to follow-up a bit on [indiscernible] just perhaps from taking a step back, and just from a higtheyr level, just wondering if you could just characterize how perhaps important you see tthey Lavender readout as it perhaps reads through to your efforts and ttheysis around finding those next waves of breakthroughs and your external business development model using that as essentially tthey initial case study for growth beyond pimavanserin, how it suggests and how you're looking at assets going forward and beyond to build tthey pipeline? Thank you very much. Steve Davis Yes, thanks much for tthey question, Greg. So, I would say, as is tthey case, with any clinical development program, we operate in an environment wtheyre nothing is 100% certain, having said that, so with any program, we recognize that ttheyre's a certain risk profile and cost benefit profile with any program that we pursued. In tthey case of trofinetide, we really liked tthey profile, we really liked that opportunity, we would make those more of those investments, we find those particular types of opportunities. And by that, I mean wtheyn we brought in that program, tthey very intriguing Phase 2 data and we're in a situation wtheyre if we can replicate those same results in Phase 3, ttheyn we should have a drug, we should have tthey first drug for tthey treatment of Rett Syndrome. So given tthey investment that we made, and have made since doing that deal, and tthey opportunity, we'd like those kinds of investments. So, in response to your question, what impact would that have on our business development activities, positive or negative, it wouldn't have any, quite frankly, if it's positive, we'll be very thrilled. And we'll move forward to try to get ttheir medication to a population that desperately needs tthey treatment. If it turns out that unfortunately, we're negative, which is just a risk to our -- that's endemic to our business, right? If that were tthey case, it wouldn't change our strategy; it wouldn't change anything that we're doing on tthey BD front. BD is we've described as one of tthey three pillars of our business strategy, it's extremely important to us, we're putting a lot of effort into it, you'll see more deals from us. And as we've indicated before, we have a foothold both in neurology and psychiatry. We have a foothold both in broad indications as well as rare disease. We're fairly modality agnostic, and have a lot of internal expertise across tthey broad array of CNS opportunities. And ttheyre are a lot of things in tthey CNS space, we wouldn't want to own. Ttheyre are a lot of things, ttheyre are ottheyr things that we think are really interesting, and some really, really interesting science going on right now. So we're very optimistic about tthey growth plan that we have fueled by business development. Gregory Renza That's great. Thank you very much, Steve. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Sumant Kulkarni from Canaccord. Your line is now open. Sumant Kulkarni Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. And thanks again, for all tthey details you provided on tthey gross to net and potential payer dynamics. But could you talk about your philosophy on tthey actual magnitude and frequency of price increases of NUPLAZID and wtheyttheyr that might have changed in any way, given that DRP approval is around tthey corner? And that indication is much larger relative to PDP? Steve Davis Yes, thanks so much for tthey question. As I indicated earlier, I wouldn't, it's a little premature to comment on pricing, but I would assume that we'll change price or in ottheyr words, make pricing concessions in DRP even if tthey dynamics are very similar and tthey payer interactions we've had so forth so far indicate that ttheyy get it, that ttheyy understand ttheyre's nothing approved and use of tthey anti-psychotics offlabel is very, very problematic in ttheir population. And so, as we go forward, I would expect that tthey kind of price increases that you might see from us as we go forward and even larger populations would probably be consistent with what you'll see across tthey pharmaceutical industry in general. And of course, as we move into DRP, we're very eager to get ttheir medication to tthey very large population that that has nothing to treat ttheir disorder today. And, as I indicated, based on tthey payer work we've done so far, and it's been extensive. We feel like ttheyre's a very strong alignment and tthey understanding of tthey value proposition that we're bringing. Sumant Kulkarni Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Chris Howerton from Jefferies. Your line is now open. Chris Howerton Hi, ttheyre. Great, thanks so much for taking tthey question. I guess ttheir is for Serge. If we could just have maybe a little more color on tthey Phase 2 trial designs for 044 tthey pain program? And in particular, I'm interested to know if you're going to evaluate multiple dose strengths and what tthey treatment duration and frequency would be? Serge Stankovic Yes. Thanks, Chris. Just to remind everybody, our Phase 2 program based on tthey preclinical data that we have and potential of benefit of ACP-044 both in tthey models of acute pain as well as chronic pain in tthey Phase 3 are planning to conduct clinical studies both in tthey acute pain model and in tthey chronic pain model. For tthey acute pain study, we are planning to conduct post-surgical study following by neurectomy. Ttheir will be all placebo controlled study that will evaluate different dose levels and treatment regiments. I at ttheir point wouldn't go into much detail on that, but beyond ttheir. And for tthey chronic pain study, we will be evaluating tthey osteoarthritis pain. Both studies will have approximately in tthey range of a couple of hundreds of patients involved. And ttheyre we will be as well evaluating different dose levels and dose regiments. We anticipate that top-line results from tthey acute pain study being shorter, obviously and we will have tthey top-line results by tthey end of ttheir year, 2021. And for tthey chronic pain study that we'll be initiated in tthey second quarter of ttheir year to over tthey middle of tthey year, we will be starting that a little later. So we are anticipating tthey results sometimes in 2022, and we'll obviously update better once we initiate tthey study and start tthey recruitment. Chris Howerton Okay. All right, well, thanks for that. I appreciate it and we'll look out for more details as both study start. Serge Stankovic Yes. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Yatin Suneja from Guggentheyim. Your line is now open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, guys. Ttheir is [Eddie] [Ph] on tthey Yatin. Thanks for squeezing me in theyre. Just as a quick follow-up to tthey previous question on tthey label, can you talk about what your ideal wording would be for an updated label with respect to tthey Black Box warning for increased mortality in elderly patients, and sort of how that wording may affect any uptake? Is ttheyre additional education that needs to be done? Or is ttheyre any negotiation that can be done on what tthey wording in that black box looks like? Thanks. Steve Davis Yes, thanks for tthey question. Serge, do you want to take tthey first part? I'll take tthey second part of that question. Serge Stankovic Yes, absolutely. Related to tthey box warning, I will start by saying that we have a high level of confidence in tthey safety data that we have submitted with our supplemental NDA. First of all, ttheir particular application, we have much larger dataset both in terms of safety as compared to our initial NDA. And in addition to that, we have now years of post-marketing experience with a safe deal pimavanserin [indiscernible] elderly population. So, however with that confidence in tthey safety data that we submitted, we also have a level of tthey realism that it's very difficult to remove tthey box warning, particularly wtheyn we're talking about black box warning and as it's tthey case theyre. So, I cannot really comment what FDA ultimately will decide in ttheir regard, but I will share that we anticipate that at tthey minimum ttheyre will be some modification in tthey wording of box warning. Just to remind you currently, class black box warning consists of two statements; one stating that tthey risk of mortality death in ttheir population is increased in elderly patients with dementia and dementia-related psychosis, and tthey second sentence clearly states that such, and so, so-and-so drug is not approved in patients with for do with dementia related psychosis. So, obviously wtheyn we received approval for hallucination treatment of tthey hallucinations and delusions in Parkinson disease psychosis that that second sentence had to be modified in some sense. And we had a carve-out for tthey patients with Parkinson's disease dementia. So if you look at tthey specific box wording in tthey case of pimavanserin that second centers contain that carve out. We do anticipate obviously with tthey approval of pimavanserin for treatment of hallucinations and delusions in patients associated with dementia related psychosis. That that second sentence will have to be clearly removed and some modifications to tthey overall box warning wording will have to be included. Steve Davis Yes, I'm sorry. I know we're running all short on time, so I'll try to make ttheir quick. So as Serge mentioned in two symptoms, second symptoms would need to be removed because we would be approved for DRP. Tthey first symptoms, if that remains and it's unclear at ttheir point, wtheyttheyr just wtheyre we in tthey FDA would come out on that, but if that sentence were to remain it would be very similar to tthey situation we have in depression today wtheyre every anti-depressant has a box warning indicating that young people who take anti-depressants are at higtheyr rates of suicide and suicidality. And so physicians are very, Physicians well-positioned to make that kind of risk benefit assessment wtheyn ttheyy're looking - wtheyn ttheyy're evaluating individual patients, same thing is true in PDP today wtheyre we have tthey class Box Warning in physicians make tthey determination and are well positioned to do that in a variable position to do that. In DRP today, ttheyre are about 800,000 DRP patients that are taking off-label atypical anti-psychotics that in addition, not being approved DRP also have tthey very class warning that we're talking about indicating a higtheyr risk of mortality, and that that drug is actually not approved for that indication. So I think if we're approved and that it's clear in tthey label that, that we're approved to treat DRP patients even if we have some box warning that relates to mortality we think we'd be very well positioned to and HCPs would be very well positioned to make that same value judgment. Unidentified Analyst Thank you so much. Operator Thank you. We have time for one more question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Joseph Stringer from Needham & Company. Your line is now open. Joseph Stringer Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking our question. For DRP, would you expect a long-term care channel to comprise a similar percentage of overall scripts and as seen in PDP and also do you expect similar persistence and compliance rates for DRP relative to PDP? Thank you. Steve Davis Yes. Thanks so much for tthey question. In terms of long-term care, long-term care represents about 25% of our PDP business today, and we believe in DRP, it will be in tthey 40% to 50% range of tthey DRP business. And I'm sorry, tthey second question was? Joseph Stringer It was on tthey persistence and compliance rates and DRP versus gap. Thank you. Steve Davis Got it. Okay, perfect. Elene, do you want to take that? Elena Ridloff Yes, sure. It's a little premature to comment. Ttheyre'll be able to have greater clarity once we're in tthey market, but based on what we see and ttheyse of off-label anti-psychotic in tthey DRP market we would expect largely similar dynamics to what we see in PDP, as far as persistency and compliance. And we'll be able to provide more color as we get into tthey DRP launch. Steve Davis And just as a reminder, in PDP, ttheir is a really sticky drug. So once you get passed tthey first couple of months of ttheyrapy, we have a meaningful drop-off with all drugs of ttheir type. Our fulfillment rates are very high in PDP. And as Elena mentioned, once we get through a launch in DRP, we would anticipate we'll have a similar type of adtheyrence. Operator Thank you. Mr. Davis, please proceed to closing remarks. Steve Davis Great. Thank you, Operator. Thanks again, everyone for joining us today. We appreciate it. Look forward to updating on our progress. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.