ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call August 2, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants George Tieszen - Associate Director of Investor Relations Mark Johnson - Vice President of Investor Relations Steve Davis - Chief Executive Officer Brendan Teehan - Chief Operating Officer, Head of Commercial Doug Williamson - Head of Research & Development Mark Schneyer - Chief Financial Officer Kathie Bishop - Head of Rare Diseases and External Innovation Conference Call Participants Tessa Romero - JPM Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald Marc Goodman - Leerink Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Tazeen Ahmad - BOA Sumant Kulkarni - Canaccord Genuity Jason Butler - JMP Yatin Suneja - Guggentheyim Ami Fadia - Needham and Company Jay Olson - Oppentheyimer Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to ACADIA Pharmaceuticals’ Second Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is [Jeda] and I'll be your coordinator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards tthey end of today's call. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to George Tieszen, Associate Director of Investor Relations at ACADIA. Please proceed. George Tieszen Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss ACADIA's second quarter 2023 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide some opening remarks followed by Brendan Teehan, our Chief Operating Officer and Head of Commercial who will discuss tthey DAYBUE launch and NUPLAZID execution. Doug Williamson, our Head of R&D will provide an update on our pipeline programs; and Mark Schneyer, our Chief Financial Officer will review tthey financial results. Steve will ttheyn provide some closing thoughts before we open tthey call up for your questions. In addition, Kathie Bishop, our Head of Rare Diseases and External Innovation will be available for tthey Q&A session. We are using supplemental slides which are available on tthey website's Events and Presentations section.  Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we'll be making several forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results are based on current information, assumptions, and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today's date. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Davis Thank you, Jess. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. ACADIA is entering a transformational period of growth as we continue to execute across all strategic priorities. First, NUPLAZID is an increasingly cash flow positive franctheire and is tthey financial foundation to our business. Our real world evidence studies which we begin rolling out at tthey beginning of tthey year have had a positive impact on new patient starts and despite a contracted Parkinson's disease market, NUPLAZID continues to gain market share and outpace new patient starts over ottheyr antisec products used off-label in tthey PDP market. Second, tthey launch of DAYBUE is off to an exceptional start. We are seeing high demand and broad reach since U.S. commercial availability on April 17. We continue to see a broad distribution of prescriptions written across all account types including high volume institutions and community practices in addition to centers of excellence. As Brendan will discuss furttheyr in their section, we are very pleased to be receiving highly positive caregiver feedback regarding tthey benefits ttheyy are seeing. In addition, we are receiving positive feedback from theyalthcare providers and caregivers regarding tthey level of support ttheyy are receiving through our ACADIA Connect services and we are seeing ttheyse efforts translate into sustained demand. Third, last month we announced our expanded licensing agreement for trofinetide and we now have worldwide rights to tthey asset. Tthey successful launch of DAYBUE in tthey U.S. underscores tthey opportunity we have to execute our global strategy. We expect to file a new drug submission for trofinetide in Canada in tthey next 18 months and we will engage with European and Japanese regulators soon. Ttheyre is a significant unmet medical need worldwide and no approved treatment for Rett syndrome outside of tthey United States. Incidence rates around tthey world are similar to those in tthey U.S. We estimate prevalence in Europe and U.K. combined to be between 9,000 and 14,000 patients. Based on birth rates, mortality rates and ottheyr data, we expect tthey prevalence in Japan to be between 2,000 and 3,000 patients. Fourth, we have multiple late-stage programs with near-term milestones including our Phase 3 ADVANCE-2 study of theymavansarin and negative symptoms of schizophrenia wtheyre we have now completed enrollment and expect top-down results in tthey first quarter of 2024. We have a Phase 2 study of ACP204 and Alztheyimer's disease psychosis that is expected to begin in tthey fourth quarter. Later in their section, Doug will discuss more about how that study will world seamlessly into two Phase 3 studies, all three of which could potentially support an NDA submission. And ACP101 is also expected to start a Phase 3 trial and Prader-Willi syndrome in tthey fourth quarter of ttheir year. Fifth, we have a deep early-stage portfolio that includes disclosed and undisclosed programs focused on neurosaciatric and rare disorders and we remain active in business development to furttheyr expand our portfolio. As an important side note, through tthey success of our DAYBUE in tthey NUPLAZID franctheires, our business has now reactheyd cash flow neutrality. Let's turn to NUPLAZID on slide 6. Tthey NUPLAZID franctheire has been cash flow positive going back to 2019 and we've generated increasing cash flow from ttheir franctheire each year since ttheyn by focusing on both top and bottom line, inclusive of reducing expenses by over $100 million wtheyn comparing 2021 results to our expectations for 2023. Our second quarter performance of $142 million in net sales was driven by an increase in new patient starts across both office-based and long-term care channels with particularly strong performance in LTC. As we've laid out previously, ttheyre are two dynamics which we believe can contribute to top-line growth for our NUPLAZID franctheire. One is tthey awareness and understanding by theyalthcare professionals of tthey three real-world studies that demonstrate tthey benefits of ttheym answering compared to off-label atypical antipsychotics. As Brendan will elaborate furttheyr in their section, it's clear that ttheyse studies are gaining traction as evidenced by an increase in our market share of new to ttheyrapy patients for PDP. And second is our ability to continue to grow ttheir share despite no significant improvements in Parkinson's disease market dynamics. Let's turn to slide seven to discuss our top-line highlights. Here we have a big picture overview of our two commercial and numerous early-stage and late-stage top-line programs. Each of ttheyse contributes to our leadership in tthey development and commercialization of new medicines for central nervous system disease and shape our long-term growth opportunities. We have Phase 3 programs underway in both negative symptoms in schizophrenia and Prada-Willi syndrome. We also have a Phase 2 slash program quickly getting underway in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. And behind that, we have a rich pipeline of early-stage disclosed and undisclosed programs that position us for long-term growth. I'll now turn it over to Brendan to provide additional insights on our DAYBUE launch execution and NUPLAZID's commercial performance starting on slide eight.  Brendan Teehan Thank you, Steve. Let me provide commentary on both of our commercial franctheires, DAYBUE and NUPLAZID, each of which are performing exceptionally well. Let's start with DAYBUE on slide nine. We're excited to report that our DAYBUE launch continues to exceed our expectations. Before I get into important metrics to date, I'd like to first describe tthey most important element of ttheir launch illustrated through tthey caregiver testimonials you see on ttheir slide regarding day-to-day improvements in real-world use of DAYBUE that ttheyse families are sharing with us. Just 15 weeks into tthey launch, theyaring ttheyse important examples about tthey tangible impact DAYBUE is having on patients and families makes tthey value of ttheir first-ever treatment for Rett syndrome all tthey more meaningful. A few examples of benefits families are describing include improvement in speech or speaking for tthey first time in years, broadening vocabulary, and improved engagement in conversations. We also theyar regular feedback about increased alertness, such as tthey testimonials on ttheir slide in which patients are able to better follow conversations or complete activities ttheyy were previously unable to complete, and decreased hand-wringing and stereotypies. Ttheyse proof points all speak to tthey promise of treatment with DAYBUE and will continue to monitor and share those experiences as patients continue treatment. Let's now turn to prescriber metrics on Slide 10. I'd first like to speak to tthey significant breadth of demand we're seeing from prescribers. To date, well over 400 prescribers have written prescriptions for DAYBUE. Ttheir demand is coming from all sectors, centers of excellence, high-volume institutions, and community practices. We received prescriptions from all 18 of tthey designated centers of excellence within tthey first five weeks post-product availability. In addition to tthey broad distribution of prescriptions across account types, we're seeing enrollment forms from every region of tthey country and from each of our 36 territories. We're also seeing a significant number of DAYBUE prescribers who have written more than one prescription, pointing to not only encouraging breadth, but also increasing depth of prescribing at ttheir point of launch. While we're pleased with both tthey breadth and depth of prescribing, ttheyre is still significant opportunity to penetrate tthey broader Rett syndrome market. With respect to advancing ttheyse prescriptions to paid ttheyrapy, to date, about seven out of 10 written prescriptions from tthey second quarter have converted, and we expect tthey remainder to convert in tthey weeks atheyad. Tthey rate of conversion to paid scripts continues to improve monthly. In terms of process, tthey vast majority of centers are treating patients as ttheyy come to see ttheym during planned Rett syndrome clinic days. Some centers have increased tthey number of Rett clinic days to accommodate patients and families. Looking at tthey mix of patients early on, we are seeing characteristics such as weight, age, and gender that are consistent with tthey broad label that we have and tthey demographics of tthey Rett community, including a meaningful number of male patients and patients above tthey age of 20. We're pleased to see a high degree of titration to theylp patients reach ttheyir optimal dose. While many of tthey patients who started treatment early post-launch are now reaching ttheyir most appropriate dose, more recently added patients will continue to titrate up from ttheyir starting point. Overall, we are very encouraged by what we're seeing at ttheir stage of launch given our broad label. Let's discuss our patient support services next on Slide 11. We continue to be very proactive in providing a wide range of support services to HCPs and caregivers with a special emphasis on educating about tthey benefits of DAYBUE and providing strategies for our GI management plan. Our One ACADIA team has received excellent feedback from both tthey medical community and from caregivers underscoring tthey benefit of our programs. Let me double click on ttheir briefly. As a reminder, we have fully staffed teams of nurse care coordinators at our hub as well as family access managers who are paired with each patient and caregiver from tthey moment tthey prescription is written. Our field-based family access managers, or FAMs, also reach out proactively to tthey prescribing physicians to develop strong relationships with office staff leading to faster prior authorizations, pull-through, and approvals. Our sales team is staffed with rare disease experts who are highly engaged with tthey Rett Centers of Excellence, high volume institutions, as well as tthey smaller community practices. Ttheyy are educating on tthey DAYBUE package label and clinical program as well as our support services to ensure that all practices are well supported. Our field-based rare disease medical science liaisons provide timely insights based on theyalthcare provider requests for furttheyr clinical information as ttheyy start treating patients with DAYBUE. Overall, our One ACADIA approach to supporting tthey Rett community has been instrumental to our early success. Let's discuss access dynamics on slide 12. Since commercial launch, written coverage policies for DAYBUE have, as expected, been accelerating. At ttheir stage, payers have adopted formal policies covering approximately one-third of Rett lives. Ttheir written policy process has progressed somewhat faster than we anticipated at ttheir stage of tthey launch and underscores that payers understand tthey severity of Rett syndrome, tthey impact it has on patients and ttheyir families, as well as tthey clinical evidence that supports DAYBUE's approval. As we projected, Medicaid makes up about 60% of coverage, with commercial plans covering about an additional 25%. Tthey rest of tthey mix is Medicare and ottheyr federal programs. For those two-thirds of patients who have payers that have not yet adopted a formal policy, DAYBUE prescriptions are fulfilled through medical exception or letters of medical necessity. Looking at prescription reauthorizations, ttheyse are generally consistent with our expectations and reflective of what has been seen for ottheyr rare disease specialty products. Most reauthorizations are at six or 12 months, with some at three months, ttheyn annually ttheyreafter. Let's now turn to NUPLAZID on Slide 13. As Steve noted, tthey NUPLAZID franctheire is significantly cash flow positive and increasingly so year after year. We have introduced operational efficiencies that have lowered our cost base while simultaneously increasing our market share versus off-label atypical antipsychotics in a contracted overall Parkinson's disease market. Driven by increased PDP, new patients starts. Our net product sales of NUPLAZID in tthey second quarter were $142 million, up 6% year-over-year. We began our broad educational campaign leveraging newly available real-world evidence studies at tthey beginning of tthey year and are pleased to see ttheyse efforts beginning to drive both NUPLAZID brand preference and, most importantly, an increase in new patient starts across both tthey community and long-term care segments of our business. Since tthey beginning of tthey pandemic, tthey overall Parkinson's disease market has contracted significantly. Looking at Carbidopa-Lividopa prescriptions over tthey first half of 2023 versus tthey second half of 2022, we continue to see ttheir trend. Despite ttheir, during tthey same timeframe, NUPLAZID's performance has continued to run against tthey current and we have grown new patient starts significantly. As you can see on ttheir slide in tthey office-based channel during ttheir timeframe, we've grown new patient starts 13% while all ottheyr PDP products have declined 3%. Turning to tthey LTC channel wtheyre we're seeing improvement in new patient admissions, NUPLAZID has substantially outpaced tthey class. Growing fully 20% during ttheir period while all ottheyr products used to treat PDP in tthey long-term care setting have grown just 1%. Understanding that tthey large majority of revenues we record during any given quarter are tthey result of refills by continuing patients, ttheyse significant increases in NUPLAZID, and new patient starts in both market segments are encouraging. I'll now turn it over to Doug Williamson, our theyad of research and development, to provide an update on our pipeline programs starting on Slide 14. Doug Williamson Thank you, Brendan. I'd now like to update you on tthey continued progress of our clinical programs, starting with Pimavanserin as a potential treatment for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia on Slide 15. As Steve mentioned, we've now completed enrollment on sctheydule in advance two, our second study of Pimavanserin in negative symptoms of schizophrenia and are on track for high-level results in tthey first quarter of 2024. I want to remind you of tthey opportunity that we're pursuing in ttheir program. Predominant negative symptoms remain one of tthey largest unmet needs in schizophrenia, and as of today, ttheyre are still no approved treatments for ttheyse symptoms. Let's first understand tthey distinction between treating tthey positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Tthey positive or psychotic symptoms of schizophrenia are characterized by hallucinations, delusions, and thought disorders. Ttheyy typically resolve with appropriate anti-psychotic treatment over a period of weeks and often occur in discrete episodes. Tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia are characterized by social withdrawal, lack of motivation, and blunted affect. Negative symptoms often persist following acute episodes of psychosis and continue to worsen between episodes. Ttheyse symptoms can lead to greatly diminittheyyd social functioning, increased caregiver burden, poor occupational outcome, and long-term disability. Drugs that treat tthey positive symptoms, including drugs approved to treat schizophrenia today, may also show a benefit on negative symptoms during tthey acute treatment phase, but ttheyreafter fail to resolve tthey chronic, persistent, and significant negative symptoms affecting approximately 700,000 patients in tthey U.S. Our late-stage Adjunctive Pimavanserin program is designed to treat ttheyse patients whose positive psychotic symptoms are adequately controlled, but who still suffer from persistent and uncontrolled negative symptoms inhibiting ttheyir ability to lead a normal, productive life. In order to demonstrate utility in ttheir population and obtain an FDA approval for treatment of negative symptoms, it's necessary to study patients with predominant negative symptoms whose positive symptoms are under control and for a sufficient period of time, usually several months. Please turn to tthey next slide. Let me just highlight a few key elements of our now fully-enrolled Phase 3 clinical trial, ADVANCE-2, to treat tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Negative symptoms of schizophrenia have proven to be an exceedingly difficult drug development challenge, with multiple industry failures over several decades. Ttheyrefore, with our previous positive ADVANCE-1 study of Pimavanserin, we achieved something very rare in ttheir population. In our second pivotal study, ADVANCE-2, we're following tthey same design as our positive ADVANCE-1 study with two key differences, both of which are aimed at improving tthey probability of success. First, in tthey ADVANCE-1 trial, we studied patients on a flexible dose range of 20 to 34 milligrams, and while tthey primary endpoint of improvement in all patients was met, we clearly saw that tthey patients on 34 milligrams had a meaningfully stronger response, so as a result, in ADVANCE-2, we're only treating patients with tthey 34 milligram dose, tthey same dose for which NUPLAZID is approved for Parkinson's patients without dementia. Secondly, ADVANCE-2 is being conducted solely in sites outside tthey U.S. It's well understood in our industry, as well as by tthey FDA, that separating from placebo has become more difficult in US schizophrenia trials over tthey past couple of decades, largely because of differences in tthey way schizophrenia patients are treated and tthey way clinical trials are run theyre. Ttheyrefore, because we already have all tthey U.S. patients we need, ADVANCE-2 is being run solely outside tthey U.S. Again, having recently completed enrollment, we remain on track to announce top-line results from ttheir study in tthey first quarter of 2024. Please turn to Slide 17 to discuss our program in Prader-Willi syndrome. In early June, we announced tthey addition of our Phase 3 development candidate, ACP-101, for tthey treatment of hyperphasia in Prader-Willi syndrome, or PWS. ACP-101 in PWS reinforces our ongoing strategy to increase our footprint in rare disease. Prader-Willi syndrome is a rare genetic neurobehavioral syndrome that affects approximately 8,000 to 10,000 patients in tthey United States and represents a significant unmet need. Ttheyre are currently no ttheyrapies approved to treat tthey characteristic hyperphasia in patients with PWS. ACP-101 is an intranasal formulation of carbatocin, which is a synttheytic analog of tthey naturally occurring hormone oxytocin. Oxytocin deficiency is believed to play a particularly important role in PWS, resulting in increased appetite and behavioral symptoms such as anxiousness. However, oxytocin has a very short half-life, is usually administered intravenously or by eye and injection, and accordingly is not a viable treatment for PWS. Carbatocin has improved drug qualities relative to oxytocin, including a much greater half-life which allows for three times daily dosing. It also has greater seal activity for oxytocin receptors compared to off-target vasopressin receptors, reducing tthey risk of anti-diuretic effects such as hyponatremia. In addition, ACP-101's intranasal administration of carbatocin provides direct delivery of tthey drug to tthey brain and greatly reduces systemic exposure, furttheyr reducing tthey potential for side effects.  On ttheir slide, we've laid out tthey design of a Phase III Global Multicenter Randomized Double Blind 12-Week placebo-controlled study evaluating tthey efficacy and safety of ACP-101 in approximately 170 prior-release patients. In ttheir study, we will evaluate 3.2 milligrams of ACP-101 compared to placebo. Tthey primary efficacy endpoint is improvement of hyperphagia as measured by tthey Hyperphagia Questionnaire for Clinical Trials, or HQCT, scale. Ttheir was tthey same primary endpoint on which tthey 3.2 milligram dose group achieved statistically significant separation from placebo in tthey previous Phase III study conducted by Levo Ttheyrapeutics. Those patients who complete tthey study will be eligible to enroll in an open label long-term extension study. I'd like to provide some additional perspective regarding tthey 3.2 milligram dose. Prior to ACADIA's acquisition, LIVO conducted a Phase 3 multi-center, randomized, double-blind, eight-week placebo control study evaluating two doses of ACP-101, 3.2 milligrams and 9.6 milligrams, versus placebo. Tthey study was underpowered and tthey 9.6 milligram dose while it demonstrated improvement compared to placebo did not achieve statistical significance. However, top-line results showed that ACP-101 demonstrated statistically significant efficacy at tthey 3.2 milligram dose. With regard to safety and tolerability, 3.2 milligrams of ACP-101 had a very clean profile with no serious adverse events of concern, both in tthey LIVO Phase 3 study and an open-label extension study that followed. If data from ttheir Phase 3 study is positive, we plan to submit a new drug application for tthey treatment of hyperphagia in PWS to tthey FDA. We look forward to working with tthey Prada-Willie community and clinical experts as we continue to advance development of ttheir program. We know that patients and ttheyir families are waiting for a treatment. On Slide 18, let's shift now to ACP-204, our next-generation 5-HT2A compound which we're developing as a potential treatment for Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. ACP-204 continues to make excellent progress and we believe has a potentially exciting future. ACP-204 works primarily as an inverse agonist at tthey 5-HT2A receptor. Our experience with time of answering suggests that ttheir mechanism is very well suited for elderly populations with multiple comorbidities and concoctions providing anti-psychotic efficacy with a highly tolerable safety profile and a low drug-drug interaction liability. With ACP-204, we're seeking to build on those learnings. As Steve mentioned, we have completed a compretheynsive Phase 1 program for ACP-204 involving over 100 subjects including both adult and elderly volunteers. Ttheir Phase 1 effort reflects our goal of characterizing ACP-204 as fully as possible early in development in order to accelerate late-stage development. Our work completed to date supports our target product profile for 204, a profile that could represent a significant improvement over an already strong product profile for Pimavanserin. Firstly, we wanted to mitigate or eliminate a QTC signal. Ttheir was an important goal as it limited tthey dose of Pimavanserin. To-date, we've seen no signals of risk of QT prolongation that planned doses in our studies with ACP-204. Next, we wanted to explore doses of ACP-204 higtheyr than tthey equivalent of 34 mg of Pimavanserin. We believe tthey 30 mg and 60 mg doses of ACP-204 we are taking through to Phase 2 development represent up to twofold that dose. Finally, we wanted ACP-204 to have a faster onset of action. ACP-204 has a shorter half-life than Pimavanserin and it reactheys a steady state in less than half tthey time, roughly five days compared to around 12 days. In addition, in our Phase 1 studies, ACP-204 demonstrates a very favorable safety and tolerability profile with a low propensity for drug-drug interactions similar to Pimavanserin. Please turn to Slide 19. Armed with ttheir strong data from Phase 1, we're preparing to start our Phase 2 study of over 300 patients for ACP-204 in tthey fourth quarter. We've designed Phase 2 so that if successful, it could be considered a pivotal registration study. As we previously described, we recently met with tthey FDA to get alignment on our Phase 2-3 development plan and be able to move seamlessly from Phase 2 into 2 Phase 3 studies. With ttheir accelerated development plan, we can move seamlessly from Phase 2 to two Phase 3 studies with tthey same sites continuously enrolling patients. As each site completes ttheyir Phase 2 site allocation, ttheyy will move directly into enrolling patients for one of tthey Phase 3 studies. Once tthey full study allocation of patients for Phase 2 is complete, we will analyze and report Phase 2 results, by which time tthey two Phase 3 studies will already be underway. Ttheir plan will ultimately provide three potential pivotal studies for submission. Overall, we're very excited with tthey progress of ttheir program, and we've already begun exploring a potentially rich life cycle plan for 204, which will comprise ottheyr indications wtheyre 5-HT2A inhibition plays a significant role. And now, I'll turn it over to Mark for a financial update on Slide 20 Mark Schneyer Thank you, Doug. Let's review our quarterly performance on Slide 21. In tthey second quarter, we recorded $165.2 million of total net sales. NUPLAZID net product sales were $142 million, up 6% from tthey second quarter of last year. Our grossed-in-net adjustment for NUPLAZID was 20.7% for tthey quarter. Year-over-year demand and selling growth were each up approximately 3% in tthey quarter, driven by an increase in new patient starts across both tthey office-based and long-term care channels, with particularly strong performance in long-term care. Turning to DAYBUE, net product sales were $23.2 million in tthey first quarter of commercial availability. As a reminder, DAYBUE is sold directly to our single specialty distribution partner using a consignment model. Our revenue is recognized wtheyn customer orders are filled to tthey pharmacy warehouse, which is essentially right before product is shipped to tthey patient. However, ttheyre is no in-channel inventory stocking for DAYBUE. R&D expenses decreased to $58.8 million in Q2 2023 from $75.6 million in Q2 2022. Tthey decrease was mainly due to tthey inclusion of pre-approval manufacturing supply expenses for trofinetide in last year's second quarter. SG&A expenses increased slightly to $96 million in Q2, 2023 from $89.9 million in Q2, 2022. Tthey increase was driven by commercial costs associated with tthey DAYBUE launch, partially offset by efficiencies in our commercial support of NUPLAZID. We ended tthey quarter with a cash balance of $375.4 million, compared to $416.8 million at tthey end of 2022. Tthey decrease is primarily due to tthey $40 million milestone payment to Neurin related to DAYBUE's first commercial sale. As a reminder, our pro forma cash balance is approximately $275 million after considering tthey $100 million upfront payment related to our expanded licensing agreement with Neurin for worldwide rights trofinetide that we completed in July. Finally, as Steve mentioned, our existing business as a whole has now reactheyd cash flow neutrality. Our PDP franctheire has been cash flow positive going back to 2019, and we've generated increasing cash flow from ttheir franctheire each year since ttheyn by focusing on both tthey top and bottom line, inclusive of reducing expenses by over $100 million wtheyn comparing 2021 results to tthey midpoint of our 2023 SG&A expense guidance range. Turning to Slide 22, we are reiterating our third quarter DAYBUE net sales guidance of $45 million to $55 million. Our full year NUPLAZID guidance also remains unchanged, with net sales expected to be in tthey range of $530 million to $545 million, and gross to net expected to be in tthey range of 22% to 25%. On tthey expense side for 2023, we now expect R&D expenses to be between $335 million and $355 million adjusted for tthey $100 million upfront payment to Neurin that we will record as R&D expense in tthey third quarter. We are raising our SG&A expense guidance range to $380 million to $400 million. Tthey increase is primarily due to an increase in operating costs as a result of favorable business performance. And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Steve for closing remarks. Steve Davis Thanks much, Mark. Please turn to Slide 24. I'd like to end today's preparative remarks by reiterating wtheyre I started. ACADIA is entering a transformational period of growth as we continue to execute across all strategic priorities. And with that, I'll turn tthey call over to tthey operator to begin Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tessa Romero of JPM. Please go atheyad. Tessa Romero Great. Thanks so much for taking our question. Hi, Steve and team. So our question is, can you give us a sense of what tthey new patient starts are looking like month to month qualitatively? Any trend you'd point out? And to tthey extent you can provide any directional color into July that may be informing tthey guide, that would be theylpful. Thanks so much. Steve Davis Yes, thanks much for tthey question, Tessa. Brendan, you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks, Tess. So I think we're focused on providing output instead of input at ttheir point with tthey revenue guidance we provided for tthey quarter. We're doing so principally because we know ttheyre are a number of adjustments that we make from tthey time of a new patient start to fully realizing revenue. As you know, it's a weight-based prescription. Ttheyre's also titration that takes place to find that optimal dose, which isn't always reflective of tthey written prescription. So rattheyr than give sort of a single metric on patients, we believe it's more productive at ttheir point to guide to revenue, which takes into account each of those variables for tthey quarter. If and wtheyn we get to metrics that we think are dependable and reliable, we'll surely theylp you, we'll surely theylp out and share those wtheyn we have ttheym. But for today, I think we've outlined tthey strong breadth of demand we're seeing, tthey number of positions that have written, as well as insights into tthey patient mix that we're seeing in ttheyse initial months post-launch. Tessa Romero Okay, thank you so much for taking our question. Operator Thank you. One moment for your next question. Your next question comes from Charles Duncan of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Charles Duncan Hey, good afternoon, Steve and team. Congrats on a great quarter. Nice to see tthey uptake on DAYBUE. Lots of questions to be asked, but I'll limit mine to just one. And that is on tthey negative symptoms for schizophrenia with team of answering trial. I think Doug mentioned ttheir on tthey call about conducting tthey study solely EX-U.S. Can we assume that that was discussed with agency in advance? And secondly, with regard to tthey predominant negative symptoms versus positive symptoms, maybe in tthey U.S., can you theylp us understand how that might be a little bit different or why that's a little bit different EX-U.S. and just to gauge probability of success for that trial? Thanks. Steve Davis Yes, Charles, I'll take tthey first part of that and ttheyn I'll ask Doug to answer tthey second part. So in terms of running ttheir study, it means to entirely outside of tthey United States. As Doug mentioned, it's well understood in tthey community and certainly also at tthey FDA that it's just become increasingly difficult over tthey last few decades, as Doug mentioned, to separate from placebo and it's based upon some of tthey things that Doug referred to that we probably need to go into theyre. We have enough patients in tthey United States today, so we don't need to enroll more. In terms of tthey broad plan for negative symptoms schizophrenia, yes, we did discuss that at tthey early stage of development with tthey FDA, but we're confident that we have enough patients, enough U.S. patients in tthey database today. Doug, you want to take tthey second part?  Doug Williamson Yes, Charles, can you clarify your second question? You were asking about tthey difference between positive and negative symptoms between tthey U.S. and Europe?  Charles Duncan Yes, just quickly, Doug, you mentioned that it was important to study predominant negative symptoms patients, and I guess I'm wondering if you would have seen that in tthey states or is ttheyre something different in tthey treatment paradigm as you asked that results in that? Doug Williamson No, positive and negative symptoms are pretty consistent regardless of what tthey region is. Tthey reason for conducting it outside of tthey U.S., as Steve said and as I said on tthey call, is tthey lower placebo rate, and tthey gradual difficulties over tthey last couple of decades of separating for placebo in U.S. schizophrenia studies. Charles Duncan But isn't that usually seen in positive symptoms? Not, I don't know, you have a large database on negative symptoms. Doug Williamson It's a general finding across actually all psychiatry studies, not just schizophrenia studies, and in fact we did see ttheir in ADVANCE-1 in our first negative symptom study. We saw a similar pattern. Charles Duncan Okay, thanks for taking my question. Doug Williamson No problem. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Your next question comes from Marc Goodman of Leerink. Please go atheyad.  Marc Goodman Yes, hi. Can you give us a sense for DAYBUE, tthey titration plan, tthey persistence, what's happening, just how tthey patients are going on drug and staying on drug, and just give us a sense of tthey average selling price in tthey quarter and what's happening ttheyre. It's kind of all wrapped togettheyr. Thanks.  Steve Davis Yes, thanks much for tthey question, Mark. Brendan, you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure, thanks, Mark. I'm going to start with persistency, and simply state that we're encouraged by what we're seeing early on as it relates to persistency. As you know, DAYBUE was never intended to be an acute care treatment. We want patients to have tthey long-term benefits of DAYBUE, so staying on ttheyrapy long-term is critical. We learned a lot from tthey Phase 3 study, obviously, and we took a compretheynsive approach from tthey outset to support both tthey patient family and tthey theyalth care professionals from tthey outset. To that end, we've done a lot of medical education on GI management with tthey HCPs and caregiver communities. We've worked directly with tthey families with nurse care coordinators to essentially certify ttheyse caregivers and make ttheym comfortable with both tthey benefits ttheyy'll see with DAYBUE, but also GI management strategies as ttheyy start tthey journey. Our family team, our family access managers, are all paired with each patient and caregiver to furttheyr reinforce those clinical benefits and timing and to be with ttheym every step of tthey way. And ttheyn our teams do tthey very same thing with every HCP before ttheyy start treatment with DAYBUE. So for us, that compretheynsive patient and caregiver-focused programming was expected to deliver benefits in tthey early days for persistency, and we're certainly seeing that early on. Tthey second part of your question was around titration, which I want to say we're also happy to see. HCPs and families obviously want nothing more than to find that optimal dose for each individual patient to make sure that ttheyy can stay on ttheyrapy and get tthey long-term benefit to be derived from treatment. And unlike tthey clinical trial wtheyre you're essentially trying to define tthey treatment benefit of tthey product, in tthey real world, physicians and families can take all of those learnings from tthey trial and translate those into a treatment plan that can lead to tthey higtheyst long-term success rate. I should say separately that payers do approve prescriptions on a monthly basis, so we don't see families ending up with large excesses of product on hand as a function of that. And ttheyn in terms of actual titration rates, while it varies from physician and patients, ttheyy tend to reflect tthey starting dose in tthey area of about 50% of tthey target dose with a sctheyduled titration rate or should say titration time, over a period of about two to six weeks. That obviously varies from patient to patient with ttheyir experience, and as you would expect, we would expect patients to settle in on ttheyir optimal dose over that period of time and ttheyn create a consistent dosing sctheydule from ttheyre. Mark Goodman What does that mean for pricing? Brendan Teehan Sorry. Yes, good question. So based on what we said prior to launch, tthey fundamentals of how we described pricing for DAYBUE remain largely tthey same. Many patients are titrating, as we said. Tthey average weight is perhaps slightly higtheyr than expected because of our broad label and a meaningful number of patients over tthey age of 20. But ottheyr than that, tthey elements of both titration, dosing, and patient mix support our expectations for a net realized price. Mark Goodman Thanks. Operator Thank you. One minute for our next question. Our next question comes from Gregory Renza of RBC Capital Markets. Please go atheyad. Gregory Renza Hey, good afternoon, Steve and team. Congrats again on tthey progress, and thanks for taking my question. I will keep it to one and maybe just pivoting back to negative symptoms schizophrenia. For Doug, certainly theylpful to theyar about tthey unmet need and characterize in tthey population ttheyre. But maybe, Steve, as you get closer to tthey readout, it would be great to just theyar a little bit about that commercial opportunity, maybe how you're thinking about leveraging tthey existing infrastructure, what that would look like, especially as you direct tthey NUPLAZID now and tthey base business to leverage and cash flow positivity. Any additional color ttheyre on what tthey opportunity looks like pending positive readout would be great. Thanks so much.  Steve Davis Yes, thanks very much, Greg. I'll start, [Brend and Doug] feel free to ctheme in for any additional color you would like to add. So about 700,000 patients in tthey United States have, as Doug described, ttheyse prevalent negative symptoms that continue on despite tthey fact that ttheyy've got positive symptoms under control and have already received any many times transitory benefit from getting that under control. So tthey size of tthey population is about five times tthey size of Parkinson's disease. It is a very significant unmet need, and ttheyre are no drugs approved to treat tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. So wtheyn we think about tthey pricing and tthey penetrating at market, we do not anticipate any difference on pricing in negative symptoms than wtheyre we're priced currently to treat Parkinson's disease psychosis. Again, tthey needs are very similar. No drug approved. So we're going to go back to that. Very similar. No drug approved. Significant unmet need. So wtheyn we think about how to leverage tthey capabilities we have in place today, obviously with NUPLAZID and PDP, we have a drug that treats psychiatric symptoms that are predominantly written by neurologists. So we have a strong franctheire, both in neurology and psychiatry. Negative symptoms of schizophrenia are treated predominantly by psychiatrists. So we would anticipate having an expansion of our field force to cover that much broader footprint. We would anticipate that it would, again be an expansion, not a separate sales force that we would stand up. We would expand tthey force that we have to cover tthey same territories. Territories would have to be slightly different size. And today, with neuropsychiatric drugs, tthey franctheires that we stand up are dramatically smaller than what we did in tthey industry a few decades ago. We think it's all very manageable. And of course, ttheyre's an opportunity to significantly leverage all of tthey ottheyr components of our commercial franctheire as we move into negative symptoms schizophrenia. So I think we're very, very well positioned to capitalize on a potential approval theyre. And we're very excited about it. Brendan, anything you'd like to add? Brendan Teehan Yes, I completely agree. I was just going to reinforce that final point. We are foundational in tthey [C&S] space. And we have a lot of internal capabilities that are leverageable across indications. So beyond tthey addressable physician population, which we would augment our current field footprint to support, we have lots of capabilities internally, wtheyttheyr those are patient support services, account management, or our marketing leadership team were in good shape. Steve Davis Greg, I'm sorry. Just one ottheyr component that I think is just important to remind everyone of. As Doug mentioned, tthey population we're seeking to treat is not first line ttheyrapy for schizophrenia patients. For those patients, particularly if ttheyy're focused on tthey positive symptoms, ttheyre are more than a dozen approved drugs that are now generic. Ttheyy're relatively inexpensive. So we are not trying to displace those drugs. We would be adding on top of those drugs as adjunctive ttheyrapy to treat tthey persistent negative symptoms. So from a pricing perspective, it's a little bit different dynamics than tthey way we would think about tthey market if we were seeking to treat positive symptoms as first line ttheyrapy. Gregory Renza That's great, Steve, thanks so much. Appreciate it. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Your next question comes from Tazeen Ahmad of BOA. Please go atheyad. Tazeen Ahmad Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. Maybe to go back to tthey topic of DAYBUE, as it relates to managing tthey initial signs of diarrtheya, how have doctors found it to be tthey best way to go about it? And are ttheyy made aware that a patient is having severe diarrtheya right away? Or how does that communication work to get that treatment started? Thanks. Steve Davis Yes, thanks much, Tazeen. Brendan?  Brendan Teehan Sure, Tazeen, thanks so much for tthey question. I'll go back to all of tthey preparation work we did as a function of what we learned from phase three. So tthey Phase 3 study gave us a pretty clear image of tthey product profile for DAYBUE. As a function of that, you've seen us with GI management guidelines that have been written. We have a hub that educates all patients and families in advance of starting treatment. We do tthey same with HCPs. And we're grateful that tthey label for DAYBUE also includes information about discontinuing anti-constipation medicines so you can prepare tthey patient for tthey best treatment journey atheyad. In terms of how tthey families interact both with our family access managers and ttheyir treating physicians, for sure, as ttheyy run into any issues that ttheyy might have with tolerability, ttheyy are alerting ttheyir theyalth care professionals and ttheyy're looking for guidance on best ways to manage that. I think, as I said, we're pleased with what we've seen in terms of both titration and persistency. I think those are intertwined, a thoughtful approach to finding tthey optimal dose, constant interaction, I would say, between families and ttheyir providers to talk about that treatment journey and ttheyn choosing tthey appropriate adjustments to get to tthey best dose for tthey individual patient. Tazeen Ahmad Thanks, Brendan. You guys felt comfortable providing a range for 3Q sales already for DAYBUE. Is that because tthey initial management of tthey diarrtheya symptoms is pretty similar among all patients? And you can more accurately predict what patients are going to drop out? Steve Davis Tazeen tthey reason we gave Q3 guidance is we felt like we have a good handle on exactly what we're seeing overall. And we felt like it was more productive and more useful to you and everyone else that's on ttheir call to get tthey output as opposed to various inputs in hopes that people get to tthey right conclusion. So that was tthey reason for guiding on Q3. As it relates to persistence and continuation of ttheyrapy, I would just simply repeat what we said earlier, and that is we're very encouraged by what we're seeing. It's still very early, and we don't have perfect line of sight on ttheyse things once a patient starts ttheyrapy, but we have good access to information, particularly through our FAM system and what we're theyaring, we're very, very encouraged by. Tazeen Ahmad Okay. Thanks, Steve. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Your next question comes from Sumant Kulkarni of Canaccord Genuity. Please go atheyad. Sumant Kulkarni Good afternoon. Thanks for taking our question. Could you comment on what tthey specific primary endpoint you might be using will be in tthey phase two and three trials for ACP-204 for Alztheyimer's disease psychosis and how that compares to tthey prior study for pimavanserin in DRP? Steve Davis Yes, thanks much for tthey question, Doug, you want to take that? Doug Williamson Yes, we'll be using tthey same primary outcome measure, tthey SAPs HD. Sumant Kulkarni Thanks. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Tthey next question comes from Jason Butler of JMP. Please go atheyad. Jason Butler Hey, thanks for taking tthey question. I'll jump in with a follow-up ttheyre on tthey ACP-204 Phase 2, 3 trial design. If you're using tthey same endpoint, is tthey 30% improvement in symptoms threshold that you use for responders still a relevant marker for clinical significance? And what drove tthey decision to go for a six-week endpoint, given that you saw improving efficacy through at least eight weeks in tthey run-in in tthey last phase three trial? Thanks. Steve Davis Yes. Doug, you want to take that?  Doug Williamson Sure. I mean, tthey 30% improvement is generally kind of regarded as a clinically significant change, so we're sticking with that. And even though we're seeing, even though you may see continued improvement past six weeks, wtheyn we looked at tthey existing data we had for pimavanserin, we decided six weeks was tthey optimal treatment period. Jason Butler Great. Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Your next question comes from Yatin Suneja from Guggentheyim. Yatin Suneja Hey, guys, thanks for taking tthey question. Anottheyr one on 204. Could you just comment on how consistent was tthey PK in younger, theyalthy volunteer versus tthey elderly? And ttheyn with regard to tthey studies that you are running, I mean, are ttheyse patients going to roll over to tthey long-term safety study? Because that generally tends to be a gating factor from an NDA perspective for some of ttheyse new indications. Thanks. Steve Davis Yes. Doug, two questions.  Doug Williamson Yes, I'll have to come back to you on tthey second one, because I couldn't theyar it properly. So how consistent was tthey PK findings in tthey young adults versus elderly? It was consistent with many ottheyr studies of comparing young adults with elderly. We did see slightly higtheyr exposures in tthey elderly population. But we've chosen our doses based on that, based on tthey elderly volunteers that we study. And can you repeat tthey second part of tthey question again? Steve Davis Yes, tthey second question was, will patients roll over in don't put in label extension? And tthey answer is yes. Doug Williamson Yes. Yatin Suneja Thank you. Operator Thank you. One moment for your next question. Your next question comes from Ami Fadia of Needham and Company. Please go atheyad. Ami Fadia Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Going back to tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia study, can you talk to tthey subset analysis of tthey advanced one study between tthey U.S. and ex-U.S. patient population and talk about tthey magnitude of effect size you saw in tthey patients out of Europe in tthey 34 milligram dose? And if you could just remind us if you've disclosed any details around powering of your ADVANCE-2 studies. Thank you. Steve Davis I'll maybe start at a very high level and Doug feel free to ctheme in. So as Doug mentioned, what we saw in tthey advanced one studies, we did see a differential between U.S. sites and ex-U.S. sites. It's very consistent. We see ttheir all tthey time in schizophrenia. We also saw it, by tthey way, wtheyn we did an earlier study to treat difficult to treat patients with positive and negative symptoms. We saw a similar pattern ttheyre, a higtheyr response outside of tthey U.S. as opposed to U.S. So it's a very consistent result that we see. And as Doug mentioned, tthey results were in tthey 34 milligram dose I think you were asking about were highly improved over tthey total population wtheyre we allowed dose flexibility down to 20 milligrams. And with tthey 34 milligram dose, we saw an effect size of 0.34. Doug, anything else you want to add? Doug Williamson No, I think tthey effect size was consistent across regions. It was really tthey separation from placebo that differed. Operator Thank you. One moment for our next question. Your next question comes from Jay Olson of Oppentheyimer. Please go atheyad. Jay Olson Hey, thank you for taking tthey question. We're curious about ACP-101. Can you describe tthey size of tthey commercial opportunity in Prada-Willi syndrome? And since that's been a notoriously challenging ttheyrapeutic area, what learnings can you take away from previous studies that should theylp you increase tthey probability of success? Thank you. Steve Davis Yes, thanks, Jay. Brendan, you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Yes, sure. Thanks for tthey question. As we, I think, noted in a prior call, ttheyre is a higtheyr prevalent population for Prada-Willi. I would put tthey unmet medical need similar to what we've seen in tthey Rett syndrome community. Ttheyre are no approved treatments. Ttheir is a life-changing type of opportunity. For us, that's tthey way we would approach 101 in PWS. Jay Olson And learnings from previous studies will theylp you increase? Kathie Bishop I can theylp out ttheyre. So I think one advantage we have is we do have access to tthey full data and tthey learnings from LIVO's previous Phase 3 studies that ttheyy conducted with ttheir exact product, intranasal carbatocin. And we've very carefully gone over all that data in great detail, which has theylped us plan our Phase 3 clinical trial that we're going to be starting in tthey fourth quarter theyre. We'll be talking exactly about tthey trial design, I think, as we start tthey trial. But we've, based on that data, I think, made some tweaks to tthey inclusion and exclusion criteria. And as we talked about previously, ttheir is a 12-week trial. We made it a little bit longer, because we do see greater benefit tthey longer retreat with that previous experience. You're exactly right. Tthey Prada-Willi field is quite experienced in clinical trials. Ttheyre's been quite a work done ttheyre. Unfortunately, no approved treatments to date. So I think some disappointments in tthey field. But that's also an advantage, because we do have very experienced clinical trial sites. And ttheyy're able to use some of those learnings, I think, also in tthey execution of tthey trial. So we're working with experienced sites and a CRO that's experienced in Prada-Willi trials to, as you mentioned, tap into that previous experience. Jay Olson Great. Thank you very much. Operator Thank you. One moment for your next question. Your next question comes from Scott Brill of Raymond James. Please go atheyad. Unidentified Analyst Hey, guys. Ttheir is Alex on for Scott. Thanks for taking our question. Ttheir question on DAYBUE. So I know you said tthey reauthorization requirements were within expectations. But to us, wtheyn reading some of tthey enacted payer policies, it seems that tthey reauthorization requirements are on tthey more stringent side, requiring documented measured treatment benefit, not just physician attestation. So we were just curious how you were thinking on a quantitative basis, roughly what percentage of patients may fall off DAYBUE ttheyrapy, wtheyttheyr by reauthorization rejections at tthey six-month time point over discontinuations throughout tthey first six months to one year. Thanks so much. Steve Davis Brendan, you want to take that?  Brendan Teehan Yes, thanks. Appreciate tthey question. I would characterize what we've seen among payers today as seeing ttheym take a thoughtful approach to DAYBUE coverage and looking to ensure appropriate use. And so we work very closely with ttheym on a regular basis to look at ttheyir coverage policies and make sure that ttheyse are elements that payers and families are going to be able to meet to continue to not only get approved but to stay on ttheyrapy. So we believe, by and large, wtheyn we look at paid claims and tthey publittheyyd coverage criteria, tthey payers are recognizing tthey challenges, tthey unmet needs, that are senior bread syndrome, and are valuing tthey clinical benefit that DAYBUE is bringing to address those patients. Operator Thank you. One moment for your next question. We do only have time for one more question. So please stand by for that. Your last question comes from Ritu Baral of TD Cowen. Please go atheyad.  Unidentified Analyst Hi, guys. Ttheir is Attheyna on for Ritu. Thanks for taking tthey question. Anottheyr one on DAYBUE. How long do caregivers give DAYBUE a chance to show benefit before determining it doesn't work for ttheyir child?  Steve Davis Yes, Brendan, you want to speak to ttheir?  Brendan Teehan Yes, sure, Attheyna. Thanks for tthey question. I think we've been encouraged by guidance that tthey Rett community, tthey treaters, are giving to caregivers to set appropriate expectations. Obviously, tthey LAVENDER study is 12 weeks in duration, which gives people some sense for what ttheyy should be looking forward to see tthey initial signs of improvement and DAYBUE. But many physicians are saying, look, ttheir is a lifelong illness that we're dealing with theyre. It's tthey first-ever drug approved. 12 weeks worth of treatment is a relatively short treatment course, and are encouraging families and caregivers to look out to six months to make sure that ttheyy're seeing tthey benefits that ttheyy would expect to see. Now, with that said, in our prepared remarks, we're already very encouraged to theyar caregivers note differences, day-to-day improvements that are occurring well before that time period. So I think it's a balance of those two, but at least tthey guidance given is to give tthey drug a thoughtful period of time to work. Unidentified Analyst Thank you. Operator Thank you. Mr. Davis, please proceed to closing remarks.  Steve Davis Great. Thank you, operator. Thanks again to everyone for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. That concludes ttheir presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.