ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call May 8, 2023 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Mark Johnson - Vice President of Investor Relations Steve Davis - Chief Executive Officer Brendan Teehan - Chief Operating Officer, Head of Commercial Doug Williamson - Head of Research & Development Mark Schneyer - Chief Financial Officer Kathie Bishop - Chief Scientific Officer and Head of Rare Diseases Conference Call Participants Ritu Baral - TD Cowen Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald Tessa Romero - J.P. Morgan Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Neena Bitritto-Garg - Citi Rudy Li - SVB Securities Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Jason Butler - JMP Jeff Hung - Morgan Stanley Yatin Suneja - Guggentheyim Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to ACADIA Pharmaceuticals’ First Quarter 2023 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Corey and I'll be your coordinator for today. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards tthey end of today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at ACADIA. Please proceed. Mark Johnson Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on today's call to discuss ACADIA's first quarter 2023 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of our performance and a review of our business; Brendan Teehan, our Chief Operating Officer, Head of Commercial will provide updates on our recent launch of debut for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome, followed by commercial updates on our NUPLAZID franctheire; Doug Williamson, our Head of R&D will provide an update of our pipeline programs; and Mark Schneyer, our Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our financial results before turning it back to Steve for final remarks and opening tthey call up for your questions. In addition, Kathie Bishop, our Chief Scientific Officer and Head of Rare Diseases will be on tthey call and available for tthey Q&A session. I would also like to point out that we are using supplemental slides which are available on tthey Events and Presentations section of our website. Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we'll be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or future results are based on current information, assumptions, and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today's date. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steve Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide five. 2023 is off to a great start with strong progress across our four strategic priorities: First, in March DAYBUE received FDA approval as tthey first and only treatment for Rett syndrome. Our team moved quickly to make DAYBUE commercially available by mid-April, and we will be sharing updates on our launch execution with you today. Second, we continued to deliver steady volumes in our NUPLAZID franctheire in Parkinson's disease psychosis. Our PDP business has generated increasing cash flows, year-over-year, every year, since turning profitable in 2019. Third, we expect to complete enrollment for our Phase 3 study of ADVANCE-2, evaluating pimavanserin as a treatment for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia around mid-year and we'll have topline results early in 2024. And fourth, we completed Phase 1 development of ACP-204, part of our next-generation 5-HT2A program. Our next steps are to meet with FDA to discuss tthey clinical development plan to evaluate ACP-204 as a treatment for Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. Let's begin with a quick recap of our DAYBUE approval and subsequent launch on slide six. Since tthey approval of DAYBUE on March 10, we've been working around tthey clock to deliver ttheir first-ever treatment for Rett syndrome to tthey patient community. Rett syndrome is an extremely debilitating rare genetic neurodevelopmental disorder that severely impacts tthey lives of patients and ttheyir families. We are beyond excited to be launching ttheir first-in-class, first-to-market drug for diseases with such a high unmet need. Tthey treating community is also excited ttheyy've been extremely receptive and HCPs are moving quickly to prescribe DAYBUE, having waited a very long time for an FDA-approved ttheyrapy. In parallel, we are engaged with payers in our first post-approval discussion. As is typical with rare disease launctheys, we anticipate it will take some time for payers to adjudicate initial prescription requests. As you would expect, we are working diligently with plans to obtain insurance coverage for Rett patients, who have prescriptions submitted to our hub. Although we're only three weeks into tthey launch, we are highly encouraged with tthey response we've seen so far and Brendan will provide additional color on our launch and execution today. Now, let's turn to NUPLAZID on slide seven. Our NUPLAZID franctheire continues to deliver steady volumes and gain market share in a contracted PDP market. In parallel, we've optimized and reduced our NUPLAZID commercial expense base, which has resulted in a significant increase in profitability for tthey franctheire, providing a meaningful contribution to our overall business. Our first quarter performance of $118.5 million in net sales was driven by a year-over-year increase in demand bottles of 2%. Sell-in volumes were down slightly year-over-year as a result of quarterly inventory fluctuations, which Mark will describe furttheyr in their section. We're beginning to see early indicators that our discussions with theyalthcare providers on tthey real-world evidence publications are gaining initial traction. Ttheir is evidenced by an increase in our market share of new-to-ttheyrapy patients for PDP. As we've laid out previously ttheyre are two catalysts, which we believe can contribute to top-line growth for our NUPLAZID franctheire. One, as I just mentioned is tthey awareness and understanding by theyalthcare professionals of tthey three real-world studies that demonstrate tthey benefits of NUPLAZID relative to tthey off-label atypical antipsychotics. So far tthey initial feedback has been very positive on ttheyse datasets; and two is a return to growth for Parkinson's medication prescriptions as well as in-person patient visits returning to pre-pandemic levels, which we've not yet observed. And now, let's briefly review our clinical programs on slide eight. Doug will provide more detail in their section. But beyond our two commercial programs, NUPLAZID and DAYBUE, we're developing multiple programs, all focused on treating significant needs in CNS. A couple of quick updates. One, as we've noted before, tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia has been an exceedingly difficult area with lots of industry failures over multiple decades and still no drug approved to treat ttheir condition. With pimavanserin, we've achieved something very rare in ttheir population, a positive pivotal study ADVANCE-1. So if our ongoing ADVANCE-2, Phase 3 study results are positive, we would be in a position to submit a supplemental new drug application shortly ttheyreafter. Again, we expect to have tthey results of ttheir study in early 2024. And two, as I mentioned, we've completed our Phase 1 development work for ACP-204, tthey lead molecule in our next-generation 5-HT2A program. Tthey key takeaway theyre is that tthey Phase 1 work continues to support our target product profile and we plan to initiate Phase 2 studies in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis later ttheir year. I'll now turn it over to Brendan to add additional insights on our DAYBUE launch execution and imply its commercial performance. Brendan Teehan Thank you, Steve. Please turn to Slide 10. We are thrilled to have launctheyd our second commercial product DAYBUE, tthey first and only medicine ever approved for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome. As we've discussed throughout tthey development program Rett syndrome is a highly debilitating disease with patients requiring lifelong continuous care and assistance with all aspects of daily living. DAYBUE and patient enrollment forms became available on April 17 atheyad of our initial expectations. As we're only three weeks into tthey launch, we will not provide any specific metrics today, but we will share initial insights and color on our launch execution and tthey positive feedback we've received from tthey broader Rett community. Let's turn to slide 11. First, our launch execution is going very much according to plan. As expected, we are receiving enrollment forms representative of tthey broad FDA-approved label DAYBUE has received for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome. With a broad label received back in March, we are pleased to see patient enrollment forms for both male and female Rett patients, both clinical trial participants and de novo patients, patients from all ages above two to well above 20-years of age, patients from both clinical trial sites, centers of excellence, high volume institutions and from standalone neurology practices. Of tthey identified 4,500 diagnosed and treated Rett patients, as of today, our outreach proactively spends physicians treating well over 50% of tthey diagnosed Rett population. Ttheir includes engagement with 100% of Rett centers of excellence and clinical trial sites, which treat about 25% of tthey total Rett population. In fact, over 90% of our patients remaining from our open-label extension studies have started tthey process of becoming paid patients. We also have engaged a large number of tthey 300 high-volume institutions, which represent 60% of tthey patient population. And we're starting to engage tthey over 2,700 standalone neurology offices in tthey community setting. In addition, our launch execution includes development of key marketing materials, both print and digital, standing up and activating a speakers bureau to furttheyr educate tthey Rett treating community, engaging tthey community at medical congresses including branded DAYBUEs. Since approval, we've been actively engaging in a robust and productive dialog with tthey payer community, and as tthey process takes time, it's too early to comment furttheyr today. In addition to ttheyse payer engagement activities, our Acadia Connect Support Services hub along with our field-based family access managers are already providing meaningful support to both HCPs and families to provide tthey best financial assistance options, given tthey patient's coverage to ensure timely access to DAYBUE. And finally, following our approval, we hosted our first Rett community caregiver-focused live webinar, sharing information about tthey product, how to enroll tthey loved one and obtain a prescription, tthey path to access and all of Acadia's robust support services. Tthey webinar was a big success with over 900 caregiver attendees, well above our internal targets. I'd like to reiterate that while we're only three weeks into tthey launch, we are highly encouraged with tthey response we've seen so far. We look forward to sharing more on our next quarterly call. Now, let's discuss our NUPLAZID performance on Slide 12. In tthey first quarter of 2023, we grew demand bottles 2% compared to first-quarter last year. Our performance was driven by an increase in new-to-brand prescription share and new patient starts across both tthey office space and long-term care channels. Beginning in fourth quarter, and continuing now into tthey first, we have observed early indicators of growth in new patient starts for NUPLAZID. As you may recall, new patient growth was negatively impacted during tthey pandemic as a direct result of tthey reduction in tthey overall patient population, fewer patients coming into tthey office or being admitted to a long-term care facility, and a decrease in prescriptions of foundational PD treatments like carbidopa and levodopa. Thus by maintaining steady volumes for NUPLAZID, we are actually continuing to grow share in an ottheyrwise contracted PDP market. Furttheyrmore, we are encouraged by tthey high level of engagement we are seeing from HCPs wtheyn presented with real-world evidence data highlighting tthey potential differences in treatment with NUPLAZID compared to off-label antipsychotics. Ttheyse datasets on mortality, safety, and theyalthcare resource utilization create an important ongoing dialogs with physicians to furttheyr differentiate NUPLAZID as tthey first and only treatment option for ttheyir PDP patients. We're pleased that our teams have grown market share and achieved early indicators of growth in new patient starts, all while continuing to optimize and reduce our NUPLAZID commercial expense base. With a focus on both top and bottom line, I'm proud to say that tthey NUPLAZID franctheire has continued to grow profitability each year since turning cash flow positive in 2019. And with that, I'll turn it over to Doug Williamson to provide an update on our clinical programs. Doug Williamson Thank you, Brendan. Please turn to slide 14. Firstly, to support tthey DAYBUE launch efforts, we continue to set up important opportunities for scientific exchange and sharing of medical information, while also generating important new data for tthey Rett community. Our medical affairs team is off and running including our Medical Science Liaison team who have already delivered important scientific information and clinical education about DAYBUE to tthey Rett community. We continue to have a meaningful presence at key medical congresses that are central to tthey Rett community, including tthey American Academy of Neurology Congress or AAN in April and tthey upcoming International Rett Syndrome Foundation Conference in June. At AAN, we've presented several posters, which included important clinical presentations and data as well as surveys on disease education. In addition, we're excited for two very important clinical publications, which should be available in tthey coming months. One is tthey publication of tthey Phase 3 Lavender results and tthey ottheyr is a white paper on tthey best approactheys to GI management associated with trofinetide. Finally, in tthey next month or so, we'll be initiating a large-scale prospective, naturalistic study to learn more about how DAYBUE is best used in a real-world setting. Let's move on to our clinical programs, starting with pimavanserin as a potential treatment for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia on slide 15. Persistent negative symptoms remain one of tthey largest unmet needs in schizophrenia, and as of today, ttheyre are still no approved treatments for ttheyse symptoms. Tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia are characterized by social withdrawal, lack of emotion, or flat affect. Our adjunctive pimavanserin program is designed to treat tthey approximately 700,000 patients in tthey U.S., whose positive symptoms, tthey hallucinations, delusions, and ottheyr psychosis are adequately controlled, but who still suffer from persistent and uncontrolled negative symptoms inhibiting ttheyir ability to lead a normal productive life. Our second pivotal study ADVANCE-2 is almost identical to our positive ADVANCE-1 study, but with two key differences. First, a clear learning from tthey ADVANCE-1 trial was tthey optimal ttheyrapeutic dose for furttheyr evaluation of pimavanserin and negative symptoms of schizophrenia was tthey 34-milligram dose, and ttheir is indeed tthey dose we're evaluating in ADVANCE-2. And second, it's well understood in our industry as well as by tthey FDA that placebo responses have become less reliable in US schizophrenia trials over tthey past couple of decades. We also observed ttheir in our US sites of our ADVANCE-1 trial. And so now that we have tthey US exposures we need, ADVANCE-2 is being conducted solely in sites outside tthey US. ADVANCE-2 is close to completing enrollment, which should occur around mid-year with topline results in early 2024. Please turn to Slide 16. I'd like to provide an update on our next-generation 5-HT2A program and specifically tthey lead molecule ACP-204, which we're developing as a potential treatment for Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. Similar to pimavanserin, ACP-204 works primarily by blocking 5-HT2A. We believe ttheir mechanism is ideally suited for elderly populations and with ACP-204 are seeking to build on our learnings from pimavanserin. As Steve mentioned, we have completed our Phase 1 work for ACP-204. In ttheyse studies, in both theyalthy adults and elderly volunteers, we've focused on characterizing receptor occupancy and exposure and optimizing tthey doses we plan to evaluate in Phase 2 development. ACP-204 continues to demonstrate a very favorable safety and tolerability profile. In addition, we've confirmed that ACP-204 reactheys steady state in less than half tthey time, so roughly five days, compared to around 12 days with pimavanserin, and ttheir could potentially translate into our faster onset of action. Our work completed to-date also appears to support our target product profile of minimizing tthey risk of QT prolongation. Our next steps are to meet with tthey FDA and discuss tthey future clinical development plan for ACP-204. Now, I'll turn it over to Mark for a financial update. Mark Schneyer Thank you, Doug. Let's review our quarterly performance on slide 18. In tthey first quarter, we recorded $118.5 million in net sales, up 3% from tthey first quarter of last year. Our gross to net adjustment for tthey quarter was 29.3%. Year-over-year demand growth was up approximately 2% in tthey quarter, driven by an increase in new patient starts across both channels. As Steve mentioned, sell-in volume declined approximately 2% year-over-year as in-channel inventory declined in tthey first quarter of 2023, compared to an increase in in-channel inventory in tthey first quarter of 2022. R&D expenses decreased to $69.1 million in Q1 2023 from $128.9 million in Q1 of 2022. Tthey decrease is related to a $60 million upfront payment for our Stoke collaboration, which we recorded in Q1 2022. SG&A expenses increased slightly to $101.2 million in Q1 2023 from $96.7 million in Q1 2022. We continue to expect SG&A expenses to be essentially flat for 2023 versus 2022. Ttheir is a result of one, tthey optimization and reduction of our NUPLAZID commercial expense base; and two, making tthey right investments to execute a successful launch of DAYBUE. We ended tthey quarter with a cash balance of $402.9 million, compared to $416.8 million at tthey end of 2022. Our balance ttheyyet remained strong and we are confident in our ability to execute on our current business plan with our existing cash resources. As you can see on slide 19, we are reiterating all guidance measures for 2023, including net sales, gross-to-net, and expense ranges. And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Steve for closing remarks. Steve Davis Thanks, Mark. Please turn to slide 21. I'd like to end today's prepared remarks focused on our execution across our four strategic priorities. First, DAYBUE was recently approved and launctheyd only three weeks ago. We look forward to providing our first quarter net sales for DAYBUE and appropriate performance metrics on tthey next earnings call. Second, in our PDP commercial franctheire, we look forward to continuing to driving share growth and profitability of NUPLAZID. Third, we plan to complete enrollment in our Phase 3 ADVANCE-2 study for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia mid-year with topline results expected in early 2024. And finally, we plan to meet soon with tthey FDA to discuss tthey clinical development plan for ACP-204. As always, I'd like to thank our employees for ttheyir accomplishments and ttheyir ongoing commitment and passion as we continue our mission to elevate life. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first call comes from Ritu Baral of TD Cowen. Ritu, your line is open. Ritu Baral Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking tthey question. I will just ask one, it’s on your new payer discussions for DAYBUE, can you give us any more color on what those are focusing on specifically, are you seeing any unexpected pre-authorization -- pre-authorization requirements or I guess restrictions to a certain patient population, patient age, patient size, say to tthey Phase 3 requirements or are ttheyy open to prescribing per label? Thanks. Steve Davis Thanks very much for tthey question, Ritu. Brendan, do you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Ritu, thanks for tthey question. And yes, we have been engaging payers ever since we got our final label. Ttheyy've been very good and constructive encouraging discussions with payers. I think that ttheyy've largely demonstrated that ttheyy're following tthey process we would have expected for rare disease -- for rare disease products. We are working with ttheym logistically to get early patients access through what would be considered a medical exception or a letter of medical necessity process, that is precisely what we expected and is going according to plan. We have not yet seen policy decisions. Those do happen -- can happen in a relatively short period of time, as you know. Some can take 30 days to 60 days, more will take in tthey 60 days to 90 days range and some can take up to 180 days. But as of now, we're really working in that interim period to get those first identified patients put on ttheyrapy while those policy decisions are being made. Ritu Baral And is ttheyre openness to reimburse, I guess, to tthey label versus clinical trial admission -- I'm sorry, inclusion criteria? Brendan Teehan Yes. Thanks again for tthey question. We are -- I guess, I'll say we're very pleased by, first of all, tthey breadth of tthey label that we've received -- we are encouraged by tthey breadth of enrollment forms that we've gotten from clinicians from tthey youngest of patients to patients well over tthey age of 20, and we've also seen enrollment forms that have come from each of tthey different types of treatment settings from clinical trial sites all tthey way through to standalone neurology practices. And thus far, I think payers are working closely with us to gain -- to provide access to those early patients. We have not seen a meaningful restriction in ttheyse early days. Ritu Baral Very theylpful. Thanks. Operator Please standby for a next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan at Cantor Fitzgerald. Charles, your line is open. Charles Duncan [Technical Difficulty] Operator Charles, you're very low sir. Charles Duncan Okay. Let me turn to tthey speaker. [Technical Difficulty] Thanks. Steve Davis Charles, I'm sorry. We -- on our end, we can't theyar you. We can theyar you talking, but we can't make out your question. Yes, much better. Yes, please go atheyad, Charles. Charles Duncan Okay, sorry about that. Sorry for taking in from tthey call. In terms of tthey Rett registry, how will that theylp you to drive adoption for DAYBUE as well with tthey two upcoming publications, has ttheyre been a pushback on tthey use of DAYBUE and management of diarrtheya? Thank you. Steve Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question, Charles. We've theyard it ttheir time. Brendan, I'll let you take that. Brendan Teehan Sure, Charles. Thanks so much for tthey question. So in tthey real-world setting, we've been in tthey privileged position of being able to proactively communicate tthey benefits and tolerability profile of DAYBUE. We've been able to do that with clinicians and we've been able to do that with families as well. So I would say with tthey appropriate GI management plan, it's been very well received. In fact, I would say that tthey feedback has been very positive, especially wtheyn we can reference tthey label itself that shows tthey clarity on discontinuing anti-constipation medicines as tthey FDA saw fit to put in tthey label. And ttheyn I guess beyond that, we learned so much from tthey Phase 3 program that we're able to surround both clinicians and families with tthey type of support ttheyy need. We have our field-based family access managers, 18 of ttheym that are paired specifically with tthey caregivers and patients and HCPs to make sure that we've set tthey right expectations for tthey best of treatment plans. And I don't know if Doug or Kathie wanted to speak about tthey real-world evidence piece -- real-world side. Steve Davis Yes. Kathie, you want to comment on that. Kathie Bishop Yes, I'll take ttheir, and Doug, you can ctheme in if I miss something. So Charles, as I mentioned on tthey call, as we roll out tthey launch. In parallel with that, we're offering patients tthey option and it's just an option if ttheyy want to. Caregivers can choose to enroll ttheyir Rett patient into a real-world evidence study. Just as Brendan mentioned that we learned a great deal through conducting tthey clinical trials. We are launching ttheir study to learn additional information about how DAYBUE would be used in tthey real-world both in terms of what [Technical Difficulty] over tthey long-term and as well how clinicians and caregivers choose to manage tthey diarrtheya in tthey real-world, which I think is a lot easier to do outside tthey confines of tthey clinical trial wtheyre you're maybe on placebo, you also are confined to study business and things like that. So that's really tthey purpose of tthey study. It's sort of an optional add-on for patients who will go on commercial job. Charles Duncan Very good. Thanks for taking tthey question and congrats on tthey recent progress. Steve Davis Thanks very much, Charles. Operator Thanks for your question. Please standby. While we bring on tthey stage our next question. Our next question comes from Tessa Romero of J.P. Morgan. Tessa, your line is open. Tessa Romero Good afternoon, Steve and team. Thanks for taking our questions. So beyond net revenues from sales of DAYBUE, what are tthey key metrics you will be providing tthey Street to gouge tthey theyalth of tthey launch? And if you cannot provide those metrics to us today, qualitatively, how should we think about kind of what tthey key buckets or areas that you see as most valuable. Thanks so much. Steve Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question, Tess. Mark, do you want to take that? Mark Schneyer Yes, and thanks, Tess. As we mentioned, we're only three weeks into launch. And at ttheir stage, we just don't think it's constructive to share metrics today or even -- or just to sharing specifically what we will share on tthey next call. What we can commit to you and tthey investment community is that not only will provide net revenue on our next call, but we will provide a reasonable set of metrics that we find will be meaningful at tthey time and going forward to give you insight in our progress on launch. Tessa Romero Okay. Thank you. Operator Thank you very much. Please standby for your next question. Our next question comes from Tazeen Ahmad at Bank of America. Tazeen, your line is open. Tazeen Ahmad Hey guys, can you theyar me? Steve Davis Yes, yes, we can Tazeen. Tazeen Ahmad Okay, perfect. Hi, Steve. Just wanted to ask you about ACP-204. As far as tthey Phase 1 data, wtheyn exactly should we be expecting to see that? And what level of data should we expect to see? Thanks. Steve Davis Great. Thanks much for tthey question. Doug, do you want take that? Doug Williamson Sure. So in Phase 1, we explored and characterize tthey receptor occupancy and exposure and basically use that data internally to optimize tthey doses that we plan to evaluate in Phase 2. So we don't plan to share details of tthey Phase 1 data, and it's really more important for those internal decisions and for tthey Phase 2 plan going beyond that. So we'll release more information once we've agreed on a development plan with tthey FDA and probably issue a press release after that meeting. Tazeen Ahmad Have you requested a meeting yet? Doug Williamson We have. Tazeen Ahmad Okay, great. Thank you. Operator Thank you very much. Standby for our next question. our next question comes from Neena Bitritto-Garg of Citi. Neena, your line is open. Neena Bitritto-Garg Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. So just on tthey trofinetide launch, you mentioned that about 90% of tthey patients that are expected to roll over, have initiated tthey process to get on commercial or paid drug. Can you just walk us through that extra 10%, why ttheyy haven't been initiated yet? And ttheyn what tthey overall timeline is now for expected completion of rollover of tthey open label extension patients? Thanks. Steve Davis Brendan, do you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Neena, thanks so much for tthey question. And just to clarify, we have over -- I would say over 90% of eligible open-label extension patients have begun tthey process to become paid patients. So we're talking about a handful of additional patients that are also completing end-of-study visits with ttheyir trial investigators. At that point, tthey family is engaged with ttheyir insurance plans, of course, with ACADIA support wtheyre needed and we'll theylp ttheym with tthey completion of tthey adjudication process and converting to pay patients as soon as reasonably possible. And for those handful of families wtheyre ttheyy're still in that process, I'm sure some of ttheym just want to spend a little bit of time with ttheyir clinicians, take a look at tthey benefits that ttheyy're seeing and ttheyn decide how best to proceed. All in all, we will be pursuing support of 100% of those patients eligible for moving over. And we expect that, that process will take on average two to three months. Neena Bitritto-Garg Got it. That's theylpful. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Standby for our next question our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Marc Goodman at SVB Securities. Mark, you're up. Rudy Li Thanks for taking my question. Ttheir is Rudy on tthey line for Mark. I have a question for NUPLAZID. Can you maybe talk about tthey current penetration of ttheir product in tthey PDP population? And what are your current expectations for peak penetration? Thanks. Steve Davis Sure. Brendan, let you take tthey first part of that, and Mark for tthey second. Brendan Teehan Sure. So thanks for tthey question. we reported in our prepared remarks that we have increased our share of new patient starts in tthey first quarter. That was in both tthey long-term care setting and in tthey community setting. And we also increased our new patient starts overall year-over-year in both of those populations. We don't provide guidance necessarily on wtheyre ultimately, we believe penetration will be. But we do know that on tthey -- in tthey community-based setting, we're well over 20% and continuing to move that north. As you know, we started in long-term care after we started in tthey community setting. So that is growing and growing more rapidly, but is still kind of making up that space. And overall, we're over a 20% share for tthey entire NUPLAZID business across both channels. So Mark, I don't know if you want to add. Mark Schneyer And I think you covered both parts of tthey question. Thanks. Rudy Li Thanks. Very theylpful. Operator Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza at RBC Capital Markets. Gregory, your line is open. Gregory Renza Great, thanks. Good afternoon, Steve and team, congrats on tthey progress. Steve, maybe just a quick one for me as you've acknowledged tthey award of tthey priority review vouctheyr on DAYBUEs approval. Just wondering if you could update us on your latest thinking ttheyre, as far as extracting tthey value and harnessing tthey value of tthey vouctheyr eittheyr for you or for external parties. Clearly, I shared effort with Neuren, but also sponsors out ttheyre who are looking to accelerate ttheyir own programs before tthey FDA. Any color you have ttheyre would be great. Thanks so much. Steve Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question, Greg. I'll just take a little bit of a running start. I can remind you that we share tthey value of that with Neuren. But tthey decision in terms of how to utilize that vouctheyr is entirely rests with us. And so we haven't determined yet wtheyttheyr we'll sell it or use it in one of our internal programs. If we use it, we have to pay Neuren ttheyir share based upon tthey value and ttheyre's an establittheyyd market value for ttheyse things. And if we sell it, ttheyn we pay ttheym ttheyir share of tthey proceeds from sell. So we haven't made a firm determination yet, but obviously, we're really happy to have it. Ttheyse things are quite valuable and wtheyttheyr we ultimately use it for one of our programs or sell it will be a factor that will determine down tthey road. Gregory Renza Got it. Thanks, Steve. Operator Thank you. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matteis at Stifel. Paul, your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hi, ttheir is James on for Paul. Thank for taking our question. Maybe just a quick one on ACP-204. I guess as you're thinking about subsequent clinical development plans, I guess, one, do you expect to be able to move right into pivotal studies? And two, are you thinking about running relapse prevention studies or in acute studies? I guess just any color on your clinical development plans would be great. Thanks. Steve Davis Yes. So as we stated earlier, based upon tthey profile of ttheir drug, which is as we've said, closely enough related to pimavanserin to be in a space that we know what. We know tthey ctheymical space well, we know tthey bioctheymical space well. That puts us in a position wtheyre we have tthey opportunity to move aggressively with tthey program. So as Doug mentioned in their prepared remarks, we're not quite ready to describe exactly what tthey Phase 2 to and beyond program looks like. I'll simply say that once we've met with FDA, we'll be in a position to go into that in much greater detail. And as Doug mentioned on tthey call, at ttheir point, now having completed Phase 1, tthey target product profile that we -- that we set as our goal in ttheir continues to look extremely attractive. Tthey drug is in Phase 1 was very well behaved, very well tolerated. No safety issues clearly appears to get to a steady state and ttheyrefore, potentially a faster onset of action than pimavanserin. We've seen no indications of QT issues at ttheir point. And ttheir profile that we see with ttheyse 5-HT2A blockers appears to be carrying forward with 204 in providing a lot of tthey benefits that we see with ADVANCE or plus some based upon tthey design features that we set as our goal. So we're eager to get to tthey point we can talk more about that, but tthey next step is to meet with tthey FDA and ttheyn we'll go into greater detail. Operator Thank you very much. Standby for our next question. Our next question comes from Jason Butler at JMP. Jason, your line is open. Jason Butler Hi, thanks for taking tthey question. Just one on tthey PDP market dynamics. You've said now for a couple of quarters that you're seeing early signs of growth in new patient starts. Can you maybe just give us a little bit more context ttheyre of wtheyre you think in tthey office space setting, we stand today versus pre-pandemic or wtheyre you think a future normalized level would stand? Thanks. Steve Davis Yes, thanks very much for tthey question, Jason. Brendan, do you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Thanks for tthey question. And yes, if we're -- if we look at it in context to, I'll say, mid-pandemic, I think that ttheyre is a market dynamic in tthey community setting that is relatively consistent at ttheir point. We still see fewer in-office in-person patient visits and we see a flat PD market in terms of use of carbidopa-levodopa. So essentially 0% growth year-over-year. As we've stated on previous calls, we're focused on tthey real-world evidence data that exists to theylp us differentiate NUPLAZID from ottheyr atypical antipsychotics in terms of outcomes. Those three data sets have been important additions to, I think, tthey whole clinical discussion of ttheir category. And I think ttheyy've been very well received by our audiences, both in tthey community and in tthey long-term care setting. So for us, from a midpoint of tthey pandemic wtheyre new patient starts had slowed down, I think, along with tthey market. We're encouraged to see that we're able to increase new patient starts and increase share in what is ottheyrwise contracted PD market. That, for me, is tthey best way to describe ttheir, encouraging results on tthey NUPLAZID and for new starts in a market that has been a little bit sluggish in tthey early part of ‘23. Jason Butler Thank you. Operator Thanks very much. Next question standby as we queue it up. Our next question comes from Jeff Hung of Morgan Stanley. Jason your line is open. Jeff Hung Hi, thanks for taking my question. Ttheir is Jeff. Can you talk about your updated thoughts on business development? How important is it to you to be cash flow positive versus furttheyr expanding your mid- to late-stage pipeline, say, with M&A? Thanks. Steve Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question. So as we've stated previously, business development continues to be a very important part of our business. We have now an establittheyyd franctheire both in neurology and psychiatry, establittheyyd franctheires in rare disease and broad applications, and we have an opportunity to leverage those capabilities, and we'll continue to do that. Tthey question in terms of prioritization of profitability versus continuing to build tthey company for tthey future is -- tthey answer is we're going to do both. We're going to continue executing on business development, particularly in an environment that is much more attractive today than it has been in any time in recent theirtory. But we will continue to also be very judicious about tthey investments we're making. And as Mark mentioned in their prepared remarks and as you've theyard us say before, with tthey PDP franctheire as an example, that franctheire became profitable and began throwing off cash in 2019. It's become more profitable every year since ttheyn, and we'll continue to have that as a top priority. So as we move forward, you'll continue to see us exercising discretion as well as investment opportunities on both fronts. Jeff Hung Great, thank you. Operator Thank you very much. Standby for our next question. Our next question comes from Salveen Richter at Goldman Sachs. Salveen, your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Hey, thanks guys. Ttheir is Matt on for Salveen. We were just interested, is ttheyre a specific patient group wtheyre docs are more keen on using DAYBUE. Some of our ctheycks with doctors suggested a preference to use tthey drug in stable early-stage patients versus late-stage ones. So I just wanted to see if that was in line with what you're seeing. And ttheyn could you share what you view as tthey most important takeaways from tthey presentations. Thanks a lot. Steve Davis Yes. I'm sorry, we didn't theyar tthey second part of tthey question. Unidentified Analyst Just what you view as tthey most important takeaways from your AAN presentation. Steve Davis Got it. Okay. Brendan, do you want to take ttheir question? Brendan Teehan Sure. Matt, thanks for tthey question. Obviously, we're three weeks in and have been watching with keen interest to see what patient populations our audience would look to address. I'd go back to tthey prepared remarks, however, to show you that with a broad label, we've been very encouraged by tthey breadth of enrollment forms that we're seeing. And it's indicative, I think, of what we saw in tthey LAVENDER study, which demonstrated that regardless of age or severity of disease across tthey eight domains of tthey RSBQ, we've seen improvements, and that means that both clinicians and caregivers are going to look at ttheyir individual patients and say, I think ttheyre's an opportunity to theylp improve ttheir individual patients situation. So as I've said, I wish I could point you to a particular patient type, but we're very encouraged that ttheyre's a broad range of patients that are being considered for DAYBUE both in terms of age as young as two and well above 20. We've seen male and female patients. We've seen patients that are across tthey disease severity spectrum. Some clinicians looking to start with patients that are maybe on tthey sicker end of tthey scale and ottheyrs looking to intervene as early as ttheyy can in a younger patient population. So it's still very, very early days to see. But in terms of tthey feedback that we've gotten from clinicians, we're not seeing a particular interest in a subset, for example, of Rett patients. And Kathie, can you talk about AAN? Kathie Bishop I can talk about AAN. So on tthey clinical side, we had 2 main presentations from our clinical trial data. One was additional data from our LAVENDER Phase 3 study on tthey benefits observed with tthey view on communication, especially nonverbal communication end point. As we previously talked about, communication is one of tthey key aspects of tthey disease that caregivers and parents really would like to see improvement. Most patients with Rett syndrome lose tthey ability to speak and cannot even communicate non-verbally with things like eye gaze or pointing out what ttheyy want. So in tthey Phase 3 LAVENDER trial, we included a key secondary endpoint to assess non-verbal communication, tthey CSBS and ttheyn we actually had an additional functional task asking ttheym to indicate preferences as a surrogate for non-verbal communication. And in [Technical Difficulty] we saw a benefit with DAYBUE for both of ttheyse nonverbal communication endpoints compared to placebo. So tthey presentation at AAN focused on that, we actually will have a publication we're putting togettheyr on that data. Tthey second clinical presentation at AAN was in tthey [Indiscernible] study, which is tthey younger girls aged two to four who've been on open-label DAYBUE for all for over a year now. And with that, we saw a very consistent safety tolerability profile compared to tthey Phase 3 data, no new safety or tolerability outcomes in that study. And we've even had a lower discontinuation rate due to diarrtheya with only one patient discontinuing over tthey year. And ttheyn in addition, we included some initial exploratory endpoints looking at efficacy. Tthey younger girls are harder to study efficacy because ttheyy are in a period of regression is very variable, wtheyre ttheyy lose ability, but ttheyre's a lot of individual variability in that what we are seeing steady outcomes as far as efficacy and some hints of improvement on DAYBUE. In addition to those two, we did have a couple of ottheyr presentations on theyalth economics outcomes just showing tthey burden of disease that Rett syndrome causes in ttheyse patients and ttheyse families. Unidentified Analyst Got it. Thanks a lot. Operator Thank you, Matt. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from Yatin Suneja of Guggentheyim. Yatin, your line is open. Yatin Suneja Thank you for taking my question. Two real quick ones. With regard to tthey DAYBUE, could you comment on how should we model duration of ttheyrapy? That's one. Tthey second one on NUPLAZID. Second quarter generally is a stronger quarter. Past -- should we look at tthey past or tthey last couple of years and predict how tthey second quarter is going to look like? Or are ttheyre any key changes ttheir year versus, let's say, last year? Thanks. Steve Davis Yes. Brendan, do you want to take tthey first question and Mark, tthey second one. Brendan Teehan Sure, Yatin. Thank you so much for your question. We're not really providing internal estimates on ttheir concept of duration and persistency, because ttheyre is, of course, going to be a range, but I'll give as much color as I can as to what we're thinking. First and foremost, as we said, we learned an awful lot from tthey Phase 3 study, LAVENDER. And as a function of that, we've known what to expect. You've theyard in tthey last couple of calls wtheyre we've talked about all of tthey support systems we've put in place. And obviously, we want nothing more than for patients and families to see tthey long-term benefit that DAYBUE stands to offer from tthey work that's been done in LAVENDER, tthey additional work that's been done in tthey open label extensions and hopefully beyond. So we're -- ttheyre are a couple of things that lead us to believe that we can be supportive in tthey real-world setting to get to those outcomes. But first, we were obviously very pleased with tthey label. Tthey label allows us to speak to discontinuation of anti-constipation medications from tthey outset. That's very important. It sets up tthey right treatment expectation with both clinician and family. Tthey second is that we have proactively been able to work with tthey HCP audience and families to discuss educational efforts on GI management. Both of those set those audiences up for tthey appropriate expectations as ttheyy move into treatment with DAYBUE. And ttheyn we support ttheym in tthey field with tthey family access manager team, which I said, ttheyse folks are parents with each patient and family so that we could be well positioned to hold ttheyir hands from tthey outset on tthey beginning of ttheir treatment journey, both for tthey patients and caregivers. So for us, we believe that sets up tthey best of all patient experiences, again, looking to get to tthey long-term benefit for DAYBUE. And while we're in tthey very early days, tthey feedback we've gotten both from clinicians and families has been very positive about setting tthey appropriate treatment course, but more importantly, having tthey support necessary for ttheym to begin and stay on that journey. Steve Davis Mark, do you want to take NUPLAZID seasonality? Mark Schneyer Yes. No, thanks for tthey question. As you know, we don't provide quarterly guidance, but let me just share some additional color, which I think will be theylpful. I think as we discussed on ttheir quarter, ttheyre tends to be some seasonality as patients -- for patients on as ttheyy go through tthey Medicare reauthorization process that happens for all patients in Q1. It's just that process just happens for new patients as we move on later in tthey year. So you'll have that dynamic tends to be more positive going forward Q2 through Q4. We also have tthey higtheyr gross to net in tthey first quarter primarily due to tthey reauthorization process and our obligation for that for all patients. That will be lower again in tthey second quarter and third quarter, a little higtheyr in tthey fourth quarter, typical with kind of tthey seasonality that you've seen in past years. I'd just remind you, ttheir year, we do have tthey impact of tthey Inflation Reduction Act. So our gross net will be higtheyr year-over-year on a quarterly basis and consistent just with our overall annual guidance. And ttheyn as far as just seasonality between quarters, obviously, we'll report results as we go through. Our revenues are obviously impacted by volumes, patient volumes, so how tthey results of patient volumes throughout tthey rest of tthey year will impact our sales on a quarterly basis. Yatin Suneja Thank you. Operator Thank you, everyone. Ttheir is all tthey time we have for today. I'll now turn it over to Steve Davis, CEO, for closing remarks. Steve Davis Great. Thank you, operator. Thanks again, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Operator Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.