ACADIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call August 8, 2022 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Kathie Bishop - SVP and Head, Rare Disease & External Innovation Srdjan Stankovic - President Steptheyn Davis - CEO & Director Mark Johnson - VP, IR Brendan Teehan - EVP, COO & Head of Commercial Mark Schneyer - EVP & CFO Conference Call Participants Jay Olson - Oppentheyimer Marc Goodman - SVB Securities Tazeen Ahmad - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ritu Baral - Cowen and Company Neena Garg - Citigroup Gregory Renza - RBC Capital Markets Sumant Kulkarni - Canaccord Genuity Charles Duncan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. Eddie Hickman - Guggentheyim Securities Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Second Quarter 2022 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand tthey conference over to your speaker, Mr. Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at ACADIA. Please go atheyad, sir. Mark Johnson Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's call of ACADIA's Second Quarter 2020 Financial Results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer; will provide an overview of our second quarter performance and a review of our business; Mark Schneyer, our Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our financial results and guidance; Brendan Teehan, our Chief Operating Officer, Head of Commercial; will provide updates on our commercial performance; and Kathie Bishop, our Chief Scientific Officer and Head of Rare Disease, will provide an overview on trofinetide. Stankovic, our President, will ttheyn discuss our pipeline progress before turning it back to Steve for final remarks and opening tthey call up for your questions.  I would also like to point out that we are using supplemental slides, which are available on tthey Events and Presentations section of our website. Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we'll be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements, including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events or results are based on current information, assumptions and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place under reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements, which are made only as of today's date. I'll now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 5. Our business plan is focused on following priorities: maximize tthey value of our Parkinson's disease franctheire with NUPLAZID, deliver trofinetide to market is our second commercial product and tthey first FDA-approved treatment for Rett syndrome, complete our second pivotal study in symptoms of schizophrenia, disciplined early-stage development to selectively advance molecules into late-stage development; and finally, positioning ourselves to leverage an increasingly attractive opportunity set in business development, by carefully allocating capital as we fund our current business from our existing balance ttheyyet and move to cash flow positive.  Let me get into ttheyse in greater detail. Let's start with our NUPLAZID PDP performance on Slide 6. Second quarter of 2022, NUPLAZID achieved $134.6 million in net sales, representing a 17% year-over-year increase. Importantly, NUPLAZID continues to outperform tthey basket of top branded drugs in tthey neurology segment, tthey TD market and in long-term care facilities. I'm proud of our execution to continue to outperform market competitors and grow market share in a Parkinson's market environment, which continues to be negatively impacted by tthey pandemic. Given tthey current market dynamics, we have been and continue to be focused on efficiently managing and optimizing our PDP commercial spend. As Mark will describe in a moment, by carefully allocating capital to PDP opportunities with tthey higtheyst ROI, we expect to keep overall SG&A relatively flat in 2023, while funding tthey projected launch of trofinetide in Rett syndrome. Longer term, our outperformance against market competitors and ability to continue to gain share in what is currently a downsized market, gives us confidence in our ability to continue to grow tthey brand, while maximizing tthey value of NUPLAZID PDP. Before NUPLAZID, I want to provide some clarity on our patent protection for tthey franctheire. Our composition of matter patent in tthey Orange Book was recently updated with patent term extension out at tthey end of April 2030.  In addition, we are conducting clinical work in pediatric autism that should result in a 6-month pediatric extension, taking our composition of to tthey end of October 2030. As a reminder, we have additional method of use and formulation patents that protect tthey currently marketed tablets and capsules of NUPLAZID out to 2037 and 2038, respectively. Let's now move to Slide 7. As announced last month, we submitted our NDA for trofinetide for tthey treatment of Rett Syndrome in adults and pediatric patients 2 years of age and older. Tthey submission is based on our pivotal Phase III LAVENDER study, which delivered positive top line results on its co-primary endpoints and on tthey key secondary endpoint. trofinetide, it's been granted fast track status and orphan drug designation for Rett Syndrome, and it's also been granted rare pediatric disease designation by tthey FDA.  As such, we expect ttheir NDA to receive a priority review with an action date most likely in tthey first quarter of 2020. And if approved, we would expect to receive a pediatric priority review Our commercial and medical teams are working diligently on preparing for launch, including market development, disease state education, customer profiling and broader care team identification. As a reminder, our patent for trofinetide consists of a method of use patent with expected patent term extension out to early 2036, with additional patents pending. Moving now to pimavanserin for tthey treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Pimavanserin has already completed 1 positive pivotal study, ADVANCE-1. As we previously noted, negative symptoms has been a particularly difficult area for tthey industry with many failed studies and no FDA-approved ttheyrapies. Our second pivotal study, ADVANCE-2, is ongoing. ADVANCE-2 is virtually identical to ADVANCE-1 with 1 important difference. In ADVANCE-1, we explored a range of doses and determined that tthey top dose, 34 milligrams, tthey same dose approved for PDP performed meaningfully better than lower doses. So in ADVANCE-2, we are only using tthey 34-milligram dose. As Serge will discuss as a result of tthey ongoing Russia/Ukraine war, we are extending our projections to complete enrollment to around tthey middle of next year.  As a reminder, ttheir is a study with a 6-month treatment period. Let's now turn to Slide 8 to discuss tthey furttheyr evolution of our early-stage portfolio. One early stage program we've not previously discussed is an internally developed new molecule, ACP-204, which is currently in Phase I development. ACP-204 builds on of pimavanserin. At ttheir point, tthey compound is looking very good. And if Phase I is successful, we plan to develop it as a potential treatment in neuropsychiatric symptoms, which may include Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. We expect ACP-204 to complete Phase I development around year-end. Of course, making disciplined decisions in early development is a threshold requirement to success in late-stage development.  We've also made tthey decision to discontinue tthey development of ACP-044 in acute and chronic pain based on an evaluation of tthey final data set from a previously completed Phase II bunionectomy study. We're also discontinuing ACP-319 and PAM modulator based on a profile that does not support advancement to Phase II. Moving to tthey bottom of tthey slide, I just want to go back to a point I made wtheyn I opened my remarks and that is that we are positioning ourselves to leverage what we believe will be an increasingly attractive business development environment. We're positioning ourselves by being very focused in our investments in PDP, prioritizing investments with ROI. As I mentioned, ttheir will enable us to appropriately fund our launch in Rett Syndrome and SG&A relatively flat. We will also continue to be very disciplined in allocating capital in our R&D portfolio as I described above. tthey Markets Day joined and it appears ttheyy will for tthey foreseeable future, what we've seen in tthey past in ttheyse cycles is that tthey tables still dramatically in favor of companies like us. Companies with a strong balance ttheyyet, solid revenues and establittheyyd commercial and R&D infrastructure.  In addition, we have establittheyyd an infrastructure across all 4 quadrants you see theyre in both psychiatry and neurology and across broad indications and rare disease. Of course, trofinetide is a good example of our past success in business development. Our strong financial position and establittheyyd infrastructure position us extremely well to leverage tthey evolving development opportunity set for furttheyr success. And with that, I'd like to now turn tthey call over to Mark to discuss our financial position, guidance and strategy in more detail. Mark Schneyer Thank you, Steve. Let me start by building upon what you just talked about as we turn to Slide 10. As a company, we continue to refocus our expense base to align it with our key strategic priorities. Ttheir includes tthey optimization of our SG&A expenses as well as tthey prioritization of our R&D expenses. At tthey same time, we continue to ensure that we're able to fund our existing business without tthey need for additional capital. Now let me provide some additional color. First, we expect to invest in tthey launch of trofinetide, while maintaining a relatively flat SG&A expense base in 2023 as compared to 2022. Ttheir means we will continue to redeploy resources from PDP commercial and G&A to tthey trofinetide commercial Second, we have prioritized our R&D portfolio with a number of programs advancing, continuing, completing and terminating. Based upon our prioritization efforts, we expect R&D expense from program costs to decrease by approximately $50 million. We expect a reduction of $15 million for tthey remainder of ttheir year and anottheyr approximately $35 million next year. And finally, with a current cash balance of $436.4 million, we have more than sufficient resources to fund our business until we turn cash positive. Of course, ttheir is subject to tthey scope of future PD.  Now let's turn to our quarterly performance on Slide 11. In tthey quarter, we recorded $134.6 million in net sales, an increase of approximately 17% compared to $115.2 million of net sales in Q2 of 2021. Year-over-year demand and selling volume were down 1% and 2%, respectively. During tthey current quarter, our selling volume matctheyd our demand volume. And for tthey first 6 months of 2022, demand growth was up over 1% year-over-year. Our gross to net adjustment for Q2 was 15.4%, down from 18.4% last year. Gross to net for tthey first half of tthey year was 20.2%, which is essentially flat as compared to 20.4% for last year. GAAP R&D expenses increased to $75.6 million in tthey quarter compared to $56.9 million in Q2 2021. Tthey increase was primarily due to development activities for ACP-044, which has now been discontinued, investment in trofinetide commercial supply, which is expense in advance of approval and expenses related to early-stage programs.  GAAP SG&A expenses decreased to $89.9 million in tthey second quarter from $96.8 million in tthey second quarter of last year. And finally, we ended tthey quarter with a theyalthy cash balance of $436.4 million. Please see our adjusted guidance ranges on Slide 12 now that we are halfway through tthey year. At tthey beginning of tthey year, we deliberately provided a wide net sales guidance range to reflect various scenarios related to tthey pandemic. At that time, I mentioned that tthey top end of tthey range reflected a significant improvement -- significant improvement in PD market and we've not seen that yet so far ttheir year. As a result, we are reducing tthey top end of our net sales guidance range. Regarding gross to net, we have reduced our range slightly to 19.5% to 20.5% for tthey year. On tthey expense side, we are reducing our R&D guidance by $15 million and maintaining our SG&A guidance. While R&D will come down in 2022, we expect most of tthey cost reductions I referred to earlier, anottheyr approximately $35 million to be realized next year. We are raising tthey bottom end of our expected year-end cash balance are now guiding to tthey range of $375 million to $405 million.  To reiterate, we are confident in our ability to generate sustainable growth with our existing cash resources. And now I'd like to turn tthey call over to Brendan to discuss our PDP business. Brendan Teehan Thank you, Mark. Please turn to Slide 14. I'm pleased with our team's performance ttheir quarter, delivering net sales of $134.6 million, representing 17% year-over-year growth. Today, I want to address 4 key ttheymes regarding our commercial organization and performance. First, tthey PD market dynamics and our relative performance; next, optimizing growth for tthey NUPLAZID brand; and I'll ttheyyd some light on exciting new real-world studies on pimavanserin safety profile, and we'll finish off discussing our preparation for trofinetide.  Let's start with tthey PD market dynamics and our relative performance. Our demand volume grew slightly in tthey first 6 months of 2022 compared to 2021, which is encouraging given tthey very slow incremental improvements in tthey PD market dynamics seen to date. As shown on ttheir slide, we are furttheyr encouraged as NUPLAZID's growth outperformed foundational Parkinson's medications, including carbidopa levodopa as well as a market basket of branded LTC products across multiple ttheyrapeutic areas. Ttheir performance continues to indicate our strong brand support from our treating audience and has allowed us to continue to increase our market share, which has grown despite tthey pandemic and is up approximately 15% through since 2019. Second, as Steve alluded to, we have continued to optimize our PDP commercial spend in tthey current market environment to evaluate growth opportunities more efficiently and increase cash flow from tthey business. We will, as always, be opportunistic wtheyn tthey PD market dynamics improve and move closer to prepandemic levels. Third, and recently, several real-world studies have been publittheyyd or presented that make important comparisons wtheyn treating patients with pimavanserin as opposed to off-label multi-receptor atypical antipsychotics in PDP patients.  One of ttheyse studies was recently publittheyyd in tthey American Journal of Psychiatry. Tthey authors of ttheir study concluded tthey pimavanserin was -- use was associated with approximately 23% lower mortality rate than ottheyr atypical antipsychotics over 360 days. Ttheyse are important findings, which Serge speak to in a moment. Let's now turn to our preparations for tthey launch of trofinetide for tthey treatment of Rett syndrome on Slide 15. ACADIA is preparing to reach yet anottheyr important milestone in tthey company's theirtory, launching a second commercial product and building a rare disease focused commercial organization. Our teams are already working on shaping and developing tthey market for what will potentially be tthey first ttheyrapy approved to treat Rett Syndrome. Patients with Rett Syndrome generally have a dedicated care team, which includes ttheyir caregiver, usually family as well as ttheyir theyalth care providers. In order to achieve our goals in tthey near term, we have several prelaunch activities ongoing, including building best-in-class patient support and educational resources to furttheyr generate awareness for trofinetide upon launch and identify and engage tthey families of Rett patient. Secondly, we are continuing to engage tthey community to build awareness, including leveraging our strong partnerships with Rett advocacy groups to best understand care team needs and perspectives. And finally, we're increasing our community outreach for disease education and establishing trofinetide's clinical impact through publications, scientific presentations and KOL engagement. Our ultimate launch objective will be establittheyyd trofinetide as tthey foundational treatment for Rett Syndrome and ensure access to all patients in need.  I'll turn it over now to Kathie to discuss Rett and trofinetide from a clinical perspective. Kathie Bishop Thank you, Brandon. Let's start on Slide 17. As you know, Rett Syndrome is a serious and debilitating rare disorder for which we estimate ttheyre are between 6,000 and 9,000 patients in tthey new United States. Ttheyre is no FDA-approved treatment for Rett Syndrome in tthey U.S. Tthey debilitating symptoms of Rett Syndrome include severe neurodevelopmental and motor impairment, including gait abnormalities and loss of loss of ability to communicate both verbally and nonverbally and GI issues, including severe constipation. Ultimately, Rett Syndrome patients who lose ttheyir ability to maintain independent functioning on a daily basis and require round-tthey-clock support. Let's review tthey LAVENDER results on Slide 18, which formed tthey basis of our recent NDA submission to tthey FDA.  In tthey LAVENDER study, positive results were observed for tthey prespecified co-primary endpoint. At week 12 for tthey RSBQ, tthey P value was 0.0175 with an size of 0.37. As a reminder, tthey RSBQ is a validated caregiver completed rating scale, assessing a wide range of neural behavioral and neural developmental core symptoms known to be impaired in Rett Syndrome. trofinetide patients improved on average, 5 1 points from baseline at week 12 on ttheir scale, which is very meaningful. In addition, at week 12 with tthey CGII, tthey P value was 0.003 with an effect size of 0.47. CGII is a clinician completed divestment of how much tthey individual illness has improved or worsened relative to baseline, scored using a standardized that is specific to tthey clinical Rett Syndrome. Ttheir size is quite meaningful for ttheyse patients and ttheyir families. Furttheyrmore, in tthey study, statistically significant separation from placebo on tthey key secondary efficacy endpoint was also achieved.  Ttheir important endpoint was designed to assess tthey communication skills of tthey patients. Although initially designed for infants tthey skills applicable to and has been applied to older age groups for patients with neural developmental disorders such as Rett Syndrome. Lack of ability to communicate verbally and nonverbally is a significant challenge for Rett patients and ttheyir families. On ttheir endpoint at week 12, tthey P value was 0.0064, with an effect size of 0.43. Tthey consistency of ttheyse results was observed across all age groups and severity of disease in tthey study. Ttheir theylps reinforces meaningfulness and trofinetide's potentially in all patients with Rett Syndrome. In addition, ttheyse results are also consistent with what was observed previously in Phase II studies.  And now I'll turn it over to Serge for an update on our ottheyr pipeline programs. Srdjan Stankovic Thank you, Kathie. Good afternoon, everyone. Let's discuss tthey evolution of our CNS portfolio on Slide 20. First, to reiterate what Steve and Mark said, we believe that tthey business development opportunity set will continue to get more and more attractive over tthey course of tthey next year and favor companies like ours that are well capitalized and have existing infrastructure in place to transact and expand. Ttheyrefore, it is important to stay discipline and make tthey right investment decisions for each program and tthey portfolio as a whole. As a result of our prioritization efforts, today, we announced that we have discontinued development of ACP-044 in acute and chronic pay; and ACP-319, tthey lead molecule from our M1 PAM program. On tthey ottheyr hand, we are investing furttheyr in an internally developed molecule ACP-204. Ttheir molecule is being evaluated in Phase I, and we expect to complete Phase I development around tthey end of ttheir year. ACP-204 upon tthey learnings of pimavanserin in tthey treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms.  We are also investing in our ASO programs with collaboration among tthey early-stage programs. Now let's discuss pimavanserin in PDP and tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Building upon what Brendan stated, I would like to discuss a couple of real-world studies on Slide 21 that compare treatment with pimavanserin in patients with PDP to off-label multi-receptor atypical antipsychotics. First, tthey recent publication in tthey American Journal of Psychiatry; and second, a recent poster presented at tthey 2022 American Society of Clinical Psychopharmacology Russellual Meeting. Both tthey publication and tthey presentation were made public in June of ttheir year. Tthey publication described findings from tthey retrospective Medicare claims analysis comparing tthey risk of all-cause mortality associated with pimavanserin versus ottheyr atypical antipsychotics in patients with Parkinson's disease to treat psychosis. Tthey out of conclusions were that pimavanserin use was associated with an approximately 23% lower mortality than ottheyr atypical antipsychotics over 360 days.  Tthey risk of mortality was approximately 35% lower in pimavanserin patients than with ottheyr atypical antipsychotics during tthey first 180 days of use, while tthey risk was similar ttheyreafter. Ttheir data is very encouraging, and our team is proud to continue to make NUPLAZID available to patients with PDP and ttheyir families. Let's move on to our second potential indication for pimavanserin starting on Slide 22. Ttheyre are over 700,000 patients in tthey United States who are currently treated for schizophrenia, but still have persistent and potentially debilitating negative symptoms such as social withdrawal, lack of emotions and blunted affect, among ottheyrs. Ttheyse symptoms lead to low social functioning, long-term disability and significant burden, and ttheyre is currently no FDA approved treatment.  As part of our advanced program, we have 1 positive pivotal study wtheyre we observed statistical separation on tthey primary endpoint overall and even more robust results in patients receiving 34 milligrams of pimavanserin. Ttheyse positive results were publittheyyd in Lancet Psychiatry. Today, I want to focus on tthey results of tthey 34-milligram group, which appears to be optimal ttheyrapeutic dose, which we are evaluating in our second pivotal study, ADVANCE-2. Tthey graph on Slide 23 shows tthey improvement for only tthey patients who received 34-milligram dose of pimavanserin. You can see that significant improvement from placebo was achieved at week 26 with an unadjusted p-value of 0.0065, with an observed effect size of 0.34. Tthey separation began as early as week 2 which continues to increase throughout tthey 6-month treatment period. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress in ttheir high unmet need.  And with that, I will turn tthey call back to Steve for closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Serge. Please turn to Slide 25. Today, we are executing on our promise to deliver NUPLAZID to patients with PDP wtheyre ttheyre's an attractive long-term opportunity to continue to grow tthey brand. In addition, we are preparing our second commercial product launch with trofinetide, advancing our Phase III program for tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia, and developing several additional programs while pursuing strategic business development. With a strong balance ttheyyet and tthey projected launch of our second product early next year, we are well positioned for long-term growth.  In closing, I would like to thank our employees for ttheyir accomplishments and ttheyir ongoing commitment and fashion as we continue our mission to I'll now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Our first question, that will come from tthey line of Charles Duncan with Cantor Fitzgerald. Charles Duncan Thorough update today. Let's say, I'll try to ask 1 question, and it will probably be a multiparter perhaps for Kathie. I guess, I'm wondering if you could provide any furttheyr color on wtheyttheyr or not ttheyy anticipate an given that trofinetide is a first-in-class, first-in-indication drug and what's going on to prepare for that? And ttheyn maybe tthey second part is for Brendan, relative to target product profile, if they can share any feedback from payers that you've gotten so far on trofinetide. Steptheyn Davis Kathie, do you want to take tthey first part of that question, Brendan, tthey second. Kathie Bishop Yes. Happy to. And thanks for tthey question, Charles. As we announced, we filed our NDA in July. And as Steve mentioned, given that Rett Syndrome is a severe rare pediatric disease, we are anticipating priority review. At day 60 since tthey filing, we will theyar about acceptance of tthey NDA. So that would be in September, and we are anticipating at that time theyaring about a PDUFA date officially and is wtheyre tthey FDA is leaning on an advisory committee meeting. I will say we are preparing in case ttheyy are going to have advisory committee meeting. But in my experience, having worked in disease for about 20 years, it is not necessarily so that for that first drug in a given indication ttheyy have advisory committee meeting. In our case, I think tthey data is pretty straightforward, so ttheyre's potential that, that would not happen. Brendan Teehan Great. Thanks, Kathy. And Charles, thanks for your question as well. Brendan. Yes, we've had a chance to engage payers since tthey LAVENDER trial result. Ttheyy are very understanding of ttheir being an area of high unmet medical need. Ttheyy understand tthey devastating nature of Rett Syndrome. Ttheyy also have had a chance to see trofinetide's target product profile. Ttheyy understand tthey importance of being able to treat across tthey core symptoms of Rett Syndrome. And ttheyy have given us, I think, favorable feedback on that product profile, expecting that tthey project would be in -- like ottheyr rare diseases in tthey pediatric space that ttheyy would expect to see trofinetide in that same category. Operator  Next question, that will come from tthey line of Ritu Baral with Cowen. Ritu Baral I wanted to ask about ACP-204. Wtheyn you say building upon tthey learnings of pimavanserin, is that a statement on tthey mechanism of 204? Is that also an agonist and is ttheir year forward ADP strategy or Phase II strategy? Steptheyn Davis Thanks for tthey question, Ritu. Let me ask Serge to comment on tthey first part of that question, and ttheyn I'll take tthey second part regarding ADP cohort strategy, Serge? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. Thanks, Ritu. Great question. We are developing ACP-204 and internally developed compound with a similar but different and differentiated pharmacology from pimavanserin. So as a compound in a target system, similarly as pimavanserin, it has potential advantages that are stemming from differences in and some properties of tthey molecule. So that perspective, we anticipate that ttheir molecule is deploying successfully so far through tthey Phase I to pursue after tthey our work and pursue aggressive development into tthey symptoms. Obviously, among ottheyrs, Alztheyimer's disease but we are looking at a whole area that ttheir compound may be. One thing that I would add theyre particularly of tthey important different of ttheir compound is higtheyr potential in terms of tthey efficacy, which again, is related to tthey properties of tthey molecule and tthey data that we have from our preclinical -- and preclinical work. And tthey second, ttheyre is as well as differentiation in terms of lack of liability -- QT liability, which is differentiation compared to pimavanserin. Steptheyn Davis Thanks, Serge. Ritu, On my end of tthey line was breaking up a little bit. Did you theyar their answer. Ritu Baral I theyard about tthey QT. I theyard about tthey I wasn't exactly sure about tthey differential pharmacodynamic middle portion. Steptheyn Davis Okay. Let me just sum up. So 204 is similar, but not identical from a bioctheymical perspective. So from a binding profile perspective, very similar, but not identical. That, togettheyr with ottheyr properties of tthey compound, we think give us important perspective, very similar, but not identical. That, togettheyr with ottheyr properties of tthey compound, we think give us important potential differentiating factors from pimavanserin. Of course, ttheir all has to play out in tthey clinic. We're eager to get -- to continue advancing tthey compound, but we think it has very great potential, and we're excited about it given that it's an early-stage compound. In terms of our ADP go-forward strategy, as we previously stated, we do not plan to conduct anottheyr PDP study with pimavanserin. That kind of decision is always multifaceted. It partly rises on tthey amount of time that it would take to run anottheyr study. Ttheir is a population and pandemic, ttheyre's tthey potential for that taking longer than ottheyrwise would. Juxtaposed against tthey -- wtheyre tthey product is in its life cycle and ottheyr considerations. And in ttheir case, it also included ACP-204. So it certainly wasn't tthey only consideration, but it was a consideration. ACP-204 will have a patent life that will go into tthey early 2020s. And so it was -- going forward, we will not be running anottheyr study pimavanserin. We've not yet determined if we will with ACP-204, but certainly, that will be one very high priority indication for us to consider. At ttheir point, we just need to wrap up Phase I, get a full profile of tthey compound and we're back to you and ottheyrs with a more definitive development plan. Operator Next question. That will come from tthey line of Neena Garg with Citi. Neena Garg I was just wondering if you could clarify some of tthey dynamics on tthey quarterly pimavanserin gross to net, specifically. Maybe if you can describe kind of what drove tthey tthey steep drop-off in tthey gross-to-net discount ttheyre. And ttheyn if you can clarify what we should expect for tthey full year. That would be great. Steptheyn Davis Sure. Mark, do you want to take that? Mark Schneyer Yes, sure. Thanks for tthey question. Tthey decline for tthey -- just for tthey second quarter in comparison to tthey second quarter of last year was really a timing difference that happened in accruals between tthey first and second quarter of 2021. So I think that's why we're importantly noted kind of tthey gross to net for tthey full 6 months year-to-date, which is essentially basically tthey same and flat. And as we look forward to tthey year, we announced or I commented that we are bringing our guidance range for gross to net a little bit from 19.5% to 20.5%, and that's just as we're seeing kind of less of a growth in 340B dynamics, which has been kind of tthey main driver of growth in tthey last year or so as gross to net has ticked up. Neena Garg Got it. That's theylpful. I guess, ttheyn maybe if you can talk a little bit about just tthey dynamics and kind of how we should think about kind of tthey pace of new starts in tthey second quarter just because it seems like most of tthey sequential growth in sales was driven ttheyn by tthey gross to net. Steptheyn Davis Mark, go atheyad. Mark Schneyer Yes, I think as we continue to just be in ttheir kind of, I guess, flat to modest growth period, that won't last forever, but it remains wtheyre we are now. So we're confident that over tthey long term, that has kind of PD market dynamics going to return to a more favorable environment, a normal environment as we would expect, timing of which is hard to predict that will return to greater growth period as we continue to outperform and gain market share in ttheir market. I think for tthey remainder of ttheir year, we lowered tthey top end of our guidance range, just that was reflective of a PD market dynamic that would have been significantly improving. As I mentioned, we haven't seen that yet. So our current range is that kind of demand would be in kind of tthey slightly negative to positive range for demand growth. Selling will be slightly less than is our expectation as we had last year. A little bit of sell-in growth that exceeded demand growth, and we don't necessarily expect that dynamic to increase to continue ttheir year. And we'll see wtheyre we wind up ttheir year and look forward to growing tthey brand over time. Steptheyn Davis Maybe just to quickly echo Mark's comments. One ottheyr thing to just note is that tthey PD market environment is smaller today than it was prior to tthey pandemic. We see that wtheyn we see tthey scripts for carbidopa levodopa growing at a very slow rate, much lower than it was part of tthey pandemic that we see it in occupancy rates in long-term care facilities, patients in-person offices, et cetera. So we've talked about those dynamics a lot. Importantly, despite a smaller -- what is today a smaller market, which we will grow again in tthey future, throughout tthey pandemic, we've gained about 15% market share. So our market share prior to tthey pandemic versus wtheyre we're seeing today has gone up about 15%. So that is anottheyr consideration in terms that gives us confidence that as pandemic conditions only improve, and we're able to continue to grow market share that we'll go back to tthey kind of longer-term growth rates that we've seen theirtorically. Operator Our next question, that will come from tthey line of Chris Howerton with Jefferies. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is A.J. on for Chris Howerton theyre. Are you thinking about NSS any differently following today? Do you maybe see atypical antipsychotics as it sort of holdover if physicians are willing to go out and get preauthorizations for that? Steptheyn Davis Sure. Serge, do you want to take that? Srdjan Stankovic Yes, absolutely. Thanks for tthey question. Although I'll probably leave it to point on tthey authorization and all that. But scientific perspective, I would say, that tthey indication that is pursuing is very from tthey indication that we are pursuing with pimavanserin in negative symptoms schizophrenia, First of all, program is on a ttheyrapy in acute schizophrenia symptoms, short-term studies. And tthey results, I would say, we are very pleased to see that ttheyre is anottheyr potential treatment option for ttheir serious condition. But it's very different from negative symptoms schizophrenia, wtheyre it's a long-term treatment with requirement that a positive symptoms of schizophrenia -- acute symptoms of schizophrenia are under control and tthey remaining negative symptoms in terms of social withdrawal, emotional withdrawal and so on are treated with most frequently adjunctively and that's exactly how we are pursuing that. So we are not seeing a direct read through from tthey Karuna data because it's a different competitive environment than what we are pursuing. I will remind you, ttheyre are no approved treatment for negative symptoms schizophrenia, while ttheyre are multiple treatments for for acute schizophrenia symptoms. I will only add 1 ottheyr thing is that movement on tthey negative symptom subscale PAM in tthey context and paradigm of tthey acute short treatment is something that we regularly see in our trial because with tthey reduction of acute symptoms, you are seeing a movement or some movement on tthey negative symptoms as well. So -- but that's not accepted as evidence of tthey efficacy for -- in tthey treatment of negative symptoms schizophrenia. Tthey only long-term 6-month studies in a context of stable positive symptoms and improvement of negative symptoms is accepted by regulators as an appropriate paradigm for evidence of efficacy. Operator Our next question, that will come from tthey line of Greg Renza with RBC Capital. Gregory Renza Great. I just wanted to give you a chance to perhaps close tthey loop on tthey recent CRL with pimavanserin. I know that it's been communicated from a team as disappointing and certainly telegraptheyd over ttheir recent time. But just perhaps you can provide a punctuation mark on or I should say, final point on what it means for tthey company, you made some changes today that are certainly meaningful across tthey pipeline and tthey profile. How is that feeding into how you're looking at going forward? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks very much for tthey question, Greg. Look, ttheyre's no drug approved for tthey treatment of Alztheyimer's disease psychosis and it's a dramatic unmet need. So of course, we continue to be very disappointed that we didn't have a positive outcome with our resubmission in ADP. Look, going forward, we haven't given up on tthey indication. I think we've given a clear signal that today still remains a very significant unmet need. And maybe one of tthey key elements of success in ADP is just tthey recognition that ttheir is a very frail in elderly population, and ttheyy take a lot of ottheyr medications. And so an ideal drug to treat ttheym is one that resolves tthey -- or at least mitigate tthey psychosis, but also does it without a lot of side effect or tolerability baggage. And so that's been kind of a hallmark of our approach working through tthey system. And so we'll continue to be interested in trying to theylp tthey 600,000 patients and ttheyir families that are currently taking atypical antipsychotics that have a lot more side effect baggage than what we see with our approach. So we'll continue to be very interested. Obviously, we much prefer to be theylping ttheyse patients today, but we'll continue to press forward on multiple fronts. Operator Our next question, that will come from tthey line of Marc Goodman with SVB Leering. Marc Goodman Steve, can you tell us what is your strategy for Europe? Are we still thinking about bringing NUPLAZID to Europe at all? And ttheyn just on tthey pain product that you killed, why kill it before we get tthey chronic pain data? Steptheyn Davis Sure. I'll let -- I'll take tthey first part of tthey question. I'll let Serge take tthey second. So in terms of Europe, our strategy has not changed. Tthey reality is for drugs like ttheir, like NUPLAZID is tthey pricing environment outside of tthey United States is very different. And in many cases, it's difficult to get pricing that would even make tthey venture profitable or even breakeven. And so it's just a very challenging environment in Europe. And of course, if tthey whole world operated with similar pricing structures, which wouldn't have any drug. So it's -- I wish tthey situation were different, but it's a very difficult situation today for lots of drugs in terms of getting appropriate pricing outside of tthey United States. So our strategy ttheyre has been to consider advancing NUPLAZID with additional indications above and beyond PDP. We'll come back and take a look at that wtheyn we get tthey results of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. We do have in Europe as well as Japan, 10 years of data exclusivity. So tthey product life would not be governed by patents. And so we'll take a look at it down tthey road. But today, with only a indication, it just makes us a very challenged environment to launch in. Srdjan Stankovic Yes. On tthey second question about ACP-044, first, let me just find that early-stage small molecule drug development has a high attrition rate. And ttheyrefore, it's our approach that we consider very important to be disciplined with tthey data. We have a high internal threshold for future investment. And ttheir particular candidate, ACP-044, did not meet it. Tthey decision to discontinue ACP-044 was more faceted, but ultimately, tthey efficacy data we observed in tthey bunionectomy study, and we spend quite a bit of time analyzing that data as well as wtheyn that's positions with safety and tolerability profile, overall, tthey totality of data just did not reach our threshold for furttheyr investment in tthey molecule. Having said that, I will say and remind you that we acquired a battery of molecules with ttheir mechanism of action, and we will be realigning our focus to earlier-stage molecules and evaluating ttheyir furttheyr development. Operator Our next question, that will come from tthey line of Brian Brill with Raymond James. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is Alex on for Brian. Forgive me for getting a little I just want to look at trofinetide and some of tthey open label studies that are happening. So wtheyn you top line LAVENDER, you spoke about some diary mitigation strategies, including tthey removal of anti-constipation meds, given that could be administered in an unblinded fashion. So we were curious what percent of patients stopped taking anti-constipation meds in tthey open-label LILAC studies and also what tthey rates of diarrtheya in patients in LILAC who were not on anti-constipation meds. Steptheyn Davis Thanks for tthey question, Alex. Kathie, do you want to take that? Kathie Bishop Sure. Thanks, Alex, for tthey question. So as we had patients enrolled in tthey LILAC-1 and LILAC-2 open-label extension studies, which are continuing, we -- as we talked about previously, we instituted a diarrtheya management plan to theylp deal with tthey diarrtheya. It's important critical to note that ttheyse patients have severe GI issues through to ttheyir Rett Syndrome, which in about 80% of patients is severe constipation, which in ttheir patient population that is unable to communicate verbally and nonverbally, is very difficult to manage both tthey parents and tthey physicians who manage ttheyse patients, and ttheir constipation can be very severe leading to hospitalization. So ttheyy are on multiple anti-constipation medication.  So what we suggest now and what we're planning for as we think about commercial launch is implementing a diarrtheya management plan in which we ask ttheym to stop taking those anti-constipation medications as ttheyy start on trofinetide as you could imagine that those medications along with trofinetide would contribute to tthey diarrtheya. And in addition, we asked ttheym to manage tthey diarrtheya using over-tthey-counter medications as well as fiber supplements. And we have seen a reduction in tthey severity and incidence of diarrtheya with ttheir management plan, and we have patients that have remained on trofinetide for a very long time now. I don't think we provide specifics in terms of percentages, but we are optimistic that ttheir diarrtheya management strategy as we work towards commercial launch will be effective in managing tthey diarrtheya that we see with trofinetide. Also, going to remind you that tthey diarrtheya is mild to modern severity, it does not lead to dehydration or hospitalization. So wtheyn you compare that to tthey constipation that tthey patients have, ttheir could be preferred. Operator One moment for our next question. That will come from tthey line of Sumant Kulkarni with Canaccord Genuity. Sumant Kulkarni On tthey business development environment, you mentioned that your potential situation to take advantage of that. How quickly would you to do that? What's tthey sweet stage for a product in terms of tthey pipeline stage in? And how would you balance that against tthey potential recovery in tthey Parkinson's disease market? Mark Schneyer Yes. Thanks much for tthey question. Ttheir is Mark. So let me just start by reflecting on what we've seen in cycles like ttheir in tthey past. And it's been quite a while since we've had a significant and sustained downturn in tthey capital markets in tthey biotech industry. What we've seen in tthey past is as ttheyse kind of closed windows or just joined capital markets going for 2 quarters, 3 quarters, 4 quarters, companies just naturally become more engaged and interested in partnering because it just becomes more and more difficult to -- for ttheym to fund all of ttheyir programs independently. And so that's what we anticipate happening. We're beginning to see some early signs of that. companies that maybe were not as interested in talking earlier now more engaging. But for ttheir to really result in a meaningful change in tthey attractiveness of tthey business opportunities at tthey capital markets to stay just joining for anottheyr quarter or 2 or 3, which at ttheir point in time is anyone's guess, but it doesn't look like ttheir is going to turn around anytime soon. And so while in some respects, it's a difficult time for tthey industry, why ensuring probably a net positive for us and companies like us because what happens is tthey PD table, as we said, just tilt dramatically in favorite companies with our kinds of resources and infrastructure. So as we go forward, we're poised to take advantage of that. Tthey most -- by far, tthey most challenging competitor we've had in business development for tthey last 5 to 7 years has been tthey capital markets. And that's a very, very different dynamic today as we go forward. Operator Next question, that will come from tthey line of Paul Matteis with Stifel. Unidentified Analyst Ttheir is James on for Paul. You mentioned ADP as a potential indication for ACP-204. I guess in your recent communications with tthey FDA around pimavanserin, I guess did ttheyy provide any specific guidance or anything around what development should look like, for example, running acute versus relapse prevention studies or any learnings that you can carry forward as you potentially pursue that indication. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks much for tthey question, Serge, feel free to jump in if you have additional thoughts. So first of all, let me just say, with ACP-204, we've not had discussions about late-stage development yet with tthey FDA, that will be a part of tthey process in due course. But what I would say is, of course, we learned an awful lot about Alztheyimer's disease psychosis throughout tthey development of pimavanserin. And so we'll leverage those learnings. We have a very, very good feel for what tthey appropriate safety and tolerability profile needs to be, what how to run ttheyse studies, et cetera. So I think we're very, very well positioned to leverage tthey institutional knowledge that we have in ADP. And of course, if ADP -- if we pursue 204 in ADP, which as we've indicated, we think we've a very attractive indication, ttheyn we'll certainly be able to leverage all those learnings. Serge, anything you'd like to add? Srdjan Stankovic Yes. I would just briefly add that circumstances around pimavanserin development in psychosis and/or ADP were different -- are different than any new ctheymical entity that you would bring into development. In that, that at tthey time were contemplating doing and agreeing with FDA to do a randomized withdrawal trial. We already have behind us 2 acute trials in neurodegenerative -- in psychosis associated with neurodegenerative disease. So ttheyre was already evidence of efficacy in tthey acute treatment and paradigm for treatment of psychotic symptoms. Any new molecule that you would bring would have a different circumstance than obviously, tthey development program we just have to be designed to accommodate those circumstances. Operator Our next question, that will come from tthey line of Yatin Suneja with Guggentheyim. Eddie Hickman Ttheir is Eddie on for Yatin. So on trofinetide, given tthey lack of approved ttheyrapies, do you expect a bolus of patients hung on drug quickly after tthey launch? Or should we except some sort of education or sales work to temper that ramp? And related to that, how many of those 6,000 to 9,000 U.S. patients have you identified so far? And ttheyn quickly, if you can comment just a bit more on why you terminated tthey M1 program? Steptheyn Davis Sure. Brendan, do you want to take everything down to tthey M1 portion of tthey question, ttheyn Serge, I'll let you ask you to take that. Brendan Teehan Sure, Eddie. Thanks for tthey question. Tthey desire to trial trofinetide, wtheyttheyr you're speaking about HCPs or families is high. In all of our market research, we see a high level of enthusiasm for that. With that said, we've been able to look at ottheyr analogs of rare disease, pediatric product launctheys. Ttheyre is tthey early stages wtheyre, of course, you would expect patients that have been part of our studies to be able to roll over on to a commercial drug relatively seamlessly.  And we're working very closely with centers of excellence and high-value institutions to make sure we're very well aware of tthey patient population already diagnosed to be ready to treat. And with that said, we will work closely with payers to make sure we're doing our best to make sure that access is available as readily as possible, but we do anticipate in tthey first few months post launch that ttheyre will be work to be done to make sure that every patient that wants to -- that is seeking ttheyrapy will have an opportunity to be treated. I think your second question was around how many of ttheyse patients are we already aware of. We've done a lot of work with multiple databases to confirm tthey already identified and diagnosed Rett population. And of that 6,000 to 9,000, I would say that roughly 2/3 of patients are diagnosed. And we expect, as is tthey case of many rare disease products post lunch, that diagnosis rates would increase wtheyn people are aware that ttheyre is a ttheyrapy available. I don't expect that to be overnight, obviously. But as more and more people become aware that ttheyre's a novel treatment for Rett Syndrome, it's very likely that families will seek additional diagnoses. Srdjan Stankovic In regards to M1 program, let me just make a first start with a clarification. We did not discontinue M1 PAM program. we made a decision to discontinue development of tthey ACP-319. And tthey story ttheyre is very similar to what I described with tthey ACP-044 that we defined a certain profile that we were anticipated on tthey basis of tthey preclinical animal data and early Phase I data. And tthey molecule just did not rise to tthey level of reaching that high threshold of our anticipation for tthey competitive molecule. But I will remind you that we have additional backup molecules in our M1 PAM collaboration and we will be furttheyr evaluating ttheyse molecules as we move forward. Operator Our next question, that will come from tthey line of with Needham. . Unidentified Analyst On for Ami. One question from our side. Do you have visibility on how looks like it likely to trend next year in light of tthey increasing of 340 Steptheyn Davis I'm sorry, I couldn't theyar tthey question. Could you ask it again? Unidentified Analyst So do you have any visibilities on -- into how GTN for NUPLAZID is likely to trend like in light of tthey increasing 340B mix? Steptheyn Davis Got it. Okay. Thank you very much. Mark, you want to take that? . Mark Schneyer Yes, sure. Thanks for tthey question. We'll -- we don't forecast kind of out for next year at ttheir time, we'll release guidance wtheyn we publish our fourth quarter results. I think what we've seen thus far ttheir year is that tthey growth in volume of 340B is moderating. So I think that is tthey component of why we've reduced kind of our guidance for ttheir year for gross to net, and we'll continue to monitor that as we proceed through ttheir year and consider that as we share guidance with tthey sweet for next year. Operator Our next question, that will come from tthey line of Jay Olson with Oppentheyimer. Jay Olson Since you have two programs for Rett Syndrome with trofinetide and ttheyn a collaboration with Stoke Ttheyrapeutics. Can you just talk about how ttheyse 2 programs would complement each ottheyr and potentially be used in combination. Steptheyn Davis Yes. Sure. Thanks much, Jay. Kathie, do you want to take that? . Kathie Bishop Sure. Yes. And we think that tthey 2 different programs because ttheyy have different mechanisms, we complement each ottheyr very nicely. So not compete with each ottheyr. But trofinetide could be a foundational treatment, hopefully approved next year. Tthey Stoke program is in clinical has a very different mechanism in that tthey goal is to increase tthey MECP2 protein in ttheyse patients. And so patients on trofinetide could also undergo that ttheyrapy as well having an additive maybe even a effect. And I think I'll just add that all tthey work Brendan and their team is doing now for tthey potential launch of trofinetide and Rett Syndrome kind of establittheyyd us as tthey leader in that disease. So any follow-on program we'll be able to use all those learnings as we develop and commercialize tthey second program. Operator And we do have time for one more question, and that will come from tthey line of Ritu Baral with Cowen. Ritu Baral I wanted to ask about tthey SG&A, which you guys indicated should stay relatively flat despite tthey launch. And you mentioned sort of redeploying some of that capital from PDP to Rett. Can You discuss wtheyre you're pulling tthey Rett Syndrome dollars from? And I guess, your connection that it won't be stabilized tthey PDP franctheire. Steptheyn Davis Sure. Mark, do you want to start? Mark Schneyer Sure. Thanks, Steve, and thanks for tthey question, Ritu. I think importantly, as we look forward to next year and kind of develop some of our investment for both PDP and trofinetide, we did it independently to find -- figure out what tthey right resources are to put on each product. And that is a consequence of that evaluation kind of results in an overall flat SG&A, wasn't tthey flat SG&A in and of itself wasn't a specific target. And I think for us, on trofinetide, we want to make sure we have tthey right resources and budget to launch, we -- and on PDP, we just remain in ttheir kind of modest to -- modest growth period, flat growth period and as we get deeper into tthey life cycle of drug kind of what are tthey best return on investment tactics and how do we drive growth and value for And we're confident that we're putting tthey resources and tthey drug to achieve that as we move forward. Steptheyn Davis Yes, just again, echoing Mark. Tthey only thing I would add is -- we mentioned ttheir before, but just try to be a little bit more precise. With PDP right now in tthey current market, which is smaller, for instance, things like DTC advertising on television, don't produce tthey same kind of return on investment if patients are going to -- a patient business to ttheyir doctor are down 20%. So however, digital DTC continues to be very effective. So we're far enough into tthey pandemic now to have a good feel for what are tthey drivers that are driving growth, exposure directly with physicians, physicians talking about at patients, long-term care, rates and new patient admissions, very good feel of what tthey levers are to pull in ttheir kind of environment. And so as a consequence, ttheyre just some investments that you don't pass tthey test to invest in having nothing to do with Rett or launch ttheyre, but just because just being disciplined about how we invest our dollars. Tthey last thing I'll add is, I just want to impact something that Brendan mentioned earlier. Ttheyre's important new real-world information out that's just been publittheyyd that, that I think does really theylp underscore tthey benefits of pimavanserin. And so that's tthey kind of thing, of course, that we are investing theyavily in to make sure that our medical affairs team is very well equipped to describe those differences and theylp physicians understand tthey data wtheyn ttheyy have questions about it. So we're -- I feel like we're pressing on all tthey right buttons and tthey resource dollars are, as Mark mentioned, purely a consequence of our assessment of what's working and warrants investment at ttheir moment in time in ttheir environment and one doesn't. Operator Thank you. I would now like to turn tthey call back over to Mr. Steve Davis for any closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Great. Thanks much, operator. Thanks again, everyone, for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. Ttheir concludes tthey presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.