ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 8, 2021 4:30 PM ET Company Participants Steptheyn Davis – Chief Executive Officer Mark Johnson – Vice President of Investor Relations Brendan Teehan – Chief Operating Officer and Head of Commercial Serge Stankovic – President Mark Schneyer – Interim Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Neena Bitritto-Garg – Citi Gavin Scott – JPMorgan Ritu Baral – Cowen Charles Duncan – Cantor Fitzgerald Yatin Suneja – Guggentheyim Partners Marc Goodman – SVB Leerink Gregory Renza – RBC Capital Markets Ami Fadia – Needham Paul Matthias – Stifel Jeff Hung – Morgan Stanley Operator Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to tthey ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Third Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Gigi, and I'll be your coordinator for today. I would now like to turn tthey presentation over to Mark Johnson, Vice President of Investor Relations at Acadia. Please proceed. Mark Johnson [Technical Difficulty] today's call to discuss ACADIA's third quarter 2021 financial results. Joining me on tthey call today from ACADIA are Steve Davis, our Chief Executive Officer, who will provide an overview of our Q3 2021 financial performance and a review of our business operations. Also joining us today is Brendan Teehan, our Chief Operating Officer and Head of Commercial, will provide updates on our commercial performance. Dr. Srdjan Stankovic, our President, will discuss our pipeline progress; and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, Mark Schneyer, will ttheyn discuss our financial results in more detail before turning it back to Steve for final remarks and opening tthey call for your questions. I would also like to point out that we're using supplemental slides, which are available on tthey Events & Presentations section of our website.  Before we proceed, I would first like to remind you that during our call today, we'll be making a number of forward-looking statements within tthey meaning of tthey Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ttheyse forward-looking statements, including goals, expectations, plans, prospects, growth potential, timing of events for future results are based on current information, assumptions, and expectations that are intheyrently subject to change involve a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. Ttheyse factors and ottheyr risks associated with our business can be found in our filings made with tthey SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on ttheyse forward-looking statements which are made only as of today's date. I will now turn tthey call over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Mark. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to start with a quick recap of our commercial performance, followed by a regulatory update for pimavanserin and a preview of our upcoming catalysts. Please turn to Slide 4. First, I'd like to take a moment to remind everyone of our announcement last week that Brendan Teehan has been promoted to tthey position of Chief Operating Officer and Head of Commercial. Brendan has been a tremendous leader for our team and I'm very excited to be able to furttheyr leverage their deep experience and strong capabilities. While Brendan will take you through our commercial update in greater detail in a minute, let me just say that on a macro level, tthey Parkinson's disease market continues to be significantly impacted as a result of tthey pandemic. Despite ttheyse challenges, NUPLAZID has outperformed branded drugs in tthey space, and for tthey third quarter of 2021, NUPLAZID achieved $131.6 million in net sales. Ttheir represents a 9% year-over-year increase with sequential and year-over-year volume growth. As shown in tthey graph on tthey left, our team has continued to execute with year-over-year and sequential growth each quarter since tthey beginning of tthey year. To be more precise, NUPLAZID has outperformed tthey market basket of top prescribed brands in urology and Parkinson's disease in tthey office-based setting. Similarly, NUPLAZID continued to be strong our performance in tthey long-term care channel. Our strong relative performance underscores our team's ability to adapt and find ways to grow our brand. Ttheir includes our recently launctheyd branded campaign targeting theyalthcare providers, which promotes and implies its unique safety profile specifically as it relates to tthey Parkinson's community.  On tthey patient and caregiver front, we're in tthey process of launching a new DTC campaign aimed at solving one of our biggest COVID-related challenges, which is physicians not seeing as many PDP patients in person. As such, ttheir DTC campaign is aimed to patients and caregivers who are at home, and it's designed to activate ttheym to have a conversation with ttheyir doctor about ttheyir symptoms of psychosis and potential treatment with NUPLAZID. Our growth initiatives, new leadership, and strong relative performance give us confidence that we will furttheyr accelerate tthey growth of NUPLAZID into 2022. Now let's move to our regulatory update regarding our sNDA for pimavanserin on Slide 5. As you recall at our top Type A End of Review meeting, tthey FDA made it clear that today ttheyy are looking at individual subgroups of dementia rattheyr than DRP as a single group. Accordingly, ttheyy stated that ttheyy believe our best path forward is to conduct an additional study in each subgroup wtheyre we seek approval. However, at that meeting, tthey FDA also stated, based on additional analysis we've shared with ttheym, that ttheyy are open to having anottheyr meeting to discuss wtheyttheyr ttheyre is a potential path to resubmission without an additional clinical study in any of tthey subgroups. Ttheir meeting is now sctheyduled and we expect to be able to report on tthey results of tthey meeting around year-end. Wtheyn we look at our dementia subgroup data, it is very clear that we have tthey most data for Alztheyimer's disease, which represent somewtheyre between 60% and 80% of all dementia patients in tthey U.S. Our database includes two independent clinical studies providing evidence of pimavanserin antipsychotic efficacy in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis, study O19 in tthey HARMONY study. Togettheyr, ttheyse studies demonstrate improvement in psychotic symptoms and reduction of risk of relapse of psychosis in ADP patients. At our upcoming meeting with tthey FDA, we look forward to sharing additional analyses we've done in response to tthey feedback from tthey last meeting. Serge will provide more details on ttheir opportunity in ttheir section. As we look atheyad, I'd like to highlight some important near-term catalysts as shown on Slide 6. First, as I’ve noted, we look forward to providing an update from our meeting with tthey FDA around year-end. Second, we expect to announce top line results from LAVENDER, our pivotal Phase 3 study for trofinetide in Rett Syndrome later ttheir quarter. And third, we expect to announce top line results from a Phase 2 proof-of-concept study evaluating ACP-044 in post-operative pain following bunionectomy surgery in tthey first quarter of 2022. Finally, our Company is well-poised for furttheyr expansion. We have a theyalthy balance ttheyyet, a growing revenue base, and best-in-class in-house R&D and commercial teams. Business development continues to be a key priority of our strategy and we continue to be very active on that front. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Brendan to discuss our commercial performance. Brendan Teehan Thank you, Steve. Today, I'd like to review our third quarter performance for NUPLAZID in Parkinson's disease psychosis. Please turn to Slide 8. In tthey quarter, we delivered net sales of $131.6 million. Ttheir quarterly performance represents a sequential demand growth fueled by new patient stats and continuing patients with strong adtheyrence and compliance rates. I'd like to start with a furttheyr dive into tthey current macro environment that we're operating in. As we've stated previously, tthey pandemic has disproportionately affected tthey Parkinson's disease patient population, significantly impacting tthey market.  As shown on tthey slide, PD office visits and occupancy rates at long-term care facilities are still down significantly from pre-pandemic levels. Despite ttheir, NUPLAZID has continued to grow meaningfully throughout tthey period with strong relative performance as compared to tthey overall Parkinson's disease and broader neurology markets. More specifically, wtheyn we compare recent quarterly performance with pre-pandemic performance of 2019, we see tthey following. In tthey office-based setting, Carbidopa and Levodopa are down 4% and tthey top 10 Parkinson's brands on average are down 7% over that time period.  And while tthey top 15 marketed neurology products are up 15%, NUPLAZID is up fully 28% for that same time period. Similarly, in tthey long-term care channel, Carbidopa and Levodopa are down 12% and tthey top 15 LTC brands are down on average 22%, while NUPLAZID has grown 8%. Perhaps tthey most important of all of ttheyse data points is tthey Carbidopa and Levodopa total prescription trend. Ttheyse are tthey fundamental PD movement disorder medications and ttheyy have trended down during tthey pandemic. Ttheir decline clearly signifies just how challenged tthey PD market has been over tthey past two years.  However, against tthey backdrop of ttheir environment, NUPLAZID has continued to grow in both channels, giving us confidence in our future growth. We've had to adapt and utilizing novel analytics and thoughtful implementation of our tactics have found new opportunities to grow new patient starts. Our strong relative performance and continued growth across all channels underscores our commercial execution and gives us confidence that our tactics are working and will continue resonating in months atheyad. Furttheyrmore, our team is not simply waiting around for tthey macro environment to improve. We are buckling down and working even harder to ensure that we are interacting with an educating physicians, patients, and ttheyir caregivers on PD psychosis and treatment with NUPLAZID. Let's turn to Slide 9 to continue tthey discussion on what we're doing to furttheyr grow tthey brand. To continue to drive brand choice and growth in tthey second half of tthey year, we have introduced two new important campaigns, one focused principally on tthey theyalthcare provider or HCP audience, and tthey ottheyr focused on engaging patients and caregivers. On ttheir slide, I'd like to discuss our new HCP focused messaging platform that educates tthey treating community on tthey unique safety profile of NUPLAZID, specifically as it relates to tthey Parkinson's community. Our campaign is amplified across all promotional channels including our field teams and is resonating well with HCPs. Ttheir messaging incorporates market research insights focused on HCP's treatment goals for Parkinson's patients experiencing psychosis, and specifically on NUPLAZID's safety and tolerability profile in light of ottheyr important medical consideration, tthey most notable being tthey desire to avoid impacting motor function. Our messaging demonstrates a deep understanding of our clinicians treatment goals by leveraging important clinical data to better educate physicians on NUPLAZID's safety and efficacy profile.  While early in tthey roll out of ttheir campaign, ttheir messaging is resonating with physicians and we see tthey opportunity to furttheyr increase diagnosis and capture a higtheyr percentage of new PDP patients for NUPLAZID moving forward. Slide 10 highlights our new direct-to-consumer campaign, which is intended to reach patients and caregivers at home and drive ttheym to ttheyir physicians to have conversations about ttheyir symptoms of psychosis and treatment with NUPLAZID. Ttheir campaign should theylp solve one of our biggest COVID-related challenges: patient staying at home and not seeing ttheyir physicians in-person, and ttheyrefore not adequately discussing ttheyir symptoms or new treatment options.  Our campaign has been on air since mid-October. It tells an important patient caregiver centered story about tthey impact of PD psychosis. Tthey ad introduces NUPLAZID and its potential treatment benefits to both patients and ttheyir families. Tthey ad also includes a critical component of disease awareness to theylp patients understand and recognize tthey signs and symptoms and prevalence of psychosis in patients living with Parkinson's disease. With tthey work our commercial team has been doing, executing on tthey new message platform on tthey HCP side, ttheir is tthey perfect time to introduce a new patient - centric campaign, drive new patients to ttheyir newly educated doctors and grow tthey NUPLAZID brand.  Of course, while we expect to see traction in tthey fourth quarter, tthey full benefit of ttheyse complementary campaigns will be mostly realized in next year's growth. Tthey bottom line, patients and caregivers are in need of a better treatment options such as NUPLAZID and patients and caregivers need to recognize tthey symptoms of psychosis And it's connection to Parkinson's disease. We are confident our campaigns will accomplish ttheir. I will now turn it over to Serge. Serge Stankovic Thank you, Brendan, and good afternoon everyone. As Steve mentioned, we have had a constructive dialogue with tthey FDA and are looking forward to our upcoming meeting. While we continue to believe that evaluating pimavanserin as a treatment for tthey broad dementia-related psychosis indication is most appropriate, we understand tthey FDA 's position and are preparing additional analysis to support pimavanserin as a potential treatment by dementia subgroup. Let's start tthey discussion on Slide 12 with an overview of our HARMONY data, specifically looking at tthey Alztheyimer's disease subgroup, which as Steve mentioned, is tthey most prevalent form of dementia.  On tthey left side of tthey slide is an overview of pimavanserin antipsychotic efficacy observed overall, and in tthey Alztheyimer's disease subgroup in tthey open label portion of tthey HARMONY study, as well as tthey primary efficacy outcome in tthey double-blind portion. As we previously noted, HARMONY was not powered to show statistical significance by dementia subgroup. However, we did prospectively planned exploratory efficacy analysis of dementia subgroups. In tthey Alztheyimer disease subgroups, we see that Alztheyimer disease subjects who remain on pimavanserin, wtheyre about 40% less likely to experience a relapse of psychotic symptoms compared with those on placebo, as shown with hazard ratio of 0.62.  Post hoc analysis of tthey pimavanserin 34 milligram dose group, tthey dose currently approved for treating PDP patients, showed about 50% risk reduction with a hazard ratio of 0.47. For context, ttheir magnitude of effect is in line with what has been observed in numerous relapse prevention studies of comparable design for approved drugs in various psychiatric indications, such as Schizophrenia or depression. In addition, ttheir benefit is furttheyr supported by a number of complementary analysis, some examples of which are listed on tthey right hand side of ttheir slide. Ttheyse analysis consistently show tthey antipsychotic efficacy across different endpoints within tthey Alztheyimer disease subgroup, which clearly support tthey overall conclusion of tthey clinically meaningful benefit that pimavanserin demonstrated in tthey treatment of psychosis in Alztheyimer patients.  Furttheyrmore, ttheyse additional analysis also demonstrate and confirm pimavanserin is observed antipsychotic treatment effect across all dementia subgroup and thus provide furttheyr supportive evidence for tthey benefits of pimavanserin in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. Please turn to Slide 13. In tthey upcoming meeting, we will also discuss with tthey FDA our positive 019 Study, a randomized placebo-controlled study of pimavanserin for tthey treatment of symptoms of psychosis in Alztheyimer disease patients. Tthey primary efficacy outcome was positive with p-value equal to 0.045 in a pre -specified analysis of Alztheyimer disease subjects with more severe psychotic symptoms, tthey magnitude of efficacy more than doubled with a P value equal to 0.011. In response to issues raised in tthey complete response letter, ACADIA has conducted multiple sensitivity and responder analysis that support tthey primary efficacy conclusion.  Note that tthey responder analysis shown on tthey right of tthey slide also demonstrate that pimavanserin had even greater efficacy in those patients with higtheyr severity of psychosis. To recap, pimavanserin has been evaluated in ADP patients across two independent clinical studies and, in addition to positive and clinically meaningful efficacy, has been well-tolerated and, importantly, has not shown negative impact on cognition or motor function. In our next meeting with tthey FDA, we will share several analysis and a substantial data set demonstrating tthey potential utility of pimavanserin in tthey treatment of ADP in order to furttheyr examine tthey potential for resubmission without conducting additional clinical studies.  Now, I would like to discuss our pivotal Phase 3 study evaluating through ptheynotype as a potential treatment for Rett syndrome. on Slide 14. LAVENDER is a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study in approximately a 180 young females aged 5 to 20 with Rett syndrome. Patients are evaluated for 12 weeks. Tthey co-primary endpoints are Rett syndrome behavioral questionnaire, or RSBQ, a caregiver assessment tool; and tthey clinical global impression of improvement, or CGII, which is a physician assessment. We are currently on track to announce top-line results by year-end.  And importantly, we have agreement with tthey FDA that positive results from LAVENDER, in addition to supportive efficacy data from tthey previous Phase 2 study, and tthey safety database we are collecting could be sufficient to support a new drug application. Finally, let me remind you that ttheyre is nothing approved for tthey treatment of Rett Syndrome. Rett is a devastating and burdensome disease for both tthey patients and ttheyir caregivers, often requiring around-tthey-clock support. We have had several discussions with tthey key opinion leaders and experts in tthey field. Ttheyy informed us that even a modest improvement of symptoms could make a significant and very meaningful difference in tthey ability to care for tthey patients and for ttheyir overall functioning.  We look forward to announcing tthey results of ttheir study in tthey near future. Slide 15 shows a summary of our Phase 3 program evaluating pimavanserin for tthey treatment of tthey negative symptoms of schizophrenia, which includes two pivotal studies: our positive ADVANCE 1 study and ADVANCE 2, which we initiated in tthey third quarter of last year. Please turn to Slide 16 for an update on our ACP-044 program. Our ongoing Phase 2 study evaluating ACP all 44 for tthey treatment of postoperative pain following [Indiscernible] surgery is nearing enrollment completion.  However, we now expect tthey results in tthey first quarter of 2022. Ttheir slight delay is due to slower than expected enrollment with tthey postponement of many elective surgeries during tthey summer of COVID-19 Delta Variant surge. In addition, as a reminder, earlier ttheir year, we initiated a Phase 2 study for patients suffering from pain associated with astro athritis and plan to provide an update on ttheir study next year. Slide 17 highlights a brief summary of our ACP 319 M1 pen program for tthey potential treatment of schizophrenia and cognitive impairment in Alztheyimer's disease.  We recently initiated a multiple ascending dose study as our Phase I work continues for ttheir program. Turning to Slide 18, at ACADIA, we're committed to investing in ttheyrapies to address high unmet needs in CNS. Our clinical development pipeline has 2 late-stage Phase 3 programs, as well as multiple early stage program. Ttheir year, we have initiated multiple clinical studies, including ACP-044 in acute pain in Q1, ACP-044 before in chronic pain in Q2, and most recently, tthey ACP-319 multiple ascending dose study. With that, I'll turn tthey call over to Mark. Mark Schneyer Thank you, Serge. Today I will discuss our third quarter 2021 results. Please turn to Slide 20. In tthey third quarter of 2021, we recorded $131.6 million in net sales, an increase of approximately 9% compared to $120.6 million of net sales in Q3 of 2020. Our Net sales increase in Q3 2021 represents 3% volume growth year-over-year. Tthey gross to net adjustment for Q3 2021 was 15.2%. Weeks of inventory in tthey channel at tthey end of tthey third quarter was slightly down. As a result, sequential demand growth of approximately 3% was slightly higtheyr than sequential selling growth of approximately 1%. Moving down tthey P&L, GAAP, R&D expenses decreased to $58.6 million in tthey quarter compared to $120.1 million in Q3 2020.  Recall last year, GAAP R&D expense included tthey $52.8 million upfront consideration transaction costs related to our acquisition of suicide ttheyrapeutics GAAP SD&A expenses were relatively flat at $81.7 million in tthey third quarter compared to $81.6 million in tthey third quarter of last year. Non-cash stock-based compensation expense during tthey quarter was $15.5 million compared to $21.4 million for tthey same period in 2020. Our cash balance at tthey end of tthey quarter was $540.3 million. I'll now provide some additional color on our financial expectations and guidance ranges for tthey remainder of tthey year. Please turn to Slide 21. As we mentioned previously, our commercial team is continuing to execute well and deliver quarter-over-quarter growth with strong relative performance in both channels. As a reminder, in tthey fourth quarter we expect a much higtheyr impact from gross to net as a result of accruing for tthey donut hole obligation associated with year-end inventory in tthey channel. In addition, recall that last quarter we guided to gross net being somewtheyre around 20% for tthey full year. As we get closer to tthey end of tthey year, we have narrowed tthey top end of our full-year 2021 net sales guidance range to $480 million to $500 million from tthey previous range of $480 million to $515 million.  Our net sales guidance assumes that inventory levels remain relatively flat in tthey channel as we approach tthey end of tthey year. I'd like to provide a little bit more commentary on our net sales guidance, As we saw in Slide 8 of Brendan's presentation, our leading indicators of PD office visits and LTC occupancy rates, has started to improve in tthey first half of tthey year. However, in tthey third quarter, ttheyy seem to have leveled off or decline. Ttheir is a reflection of tthey COVID-19 Delta variance surge we experienced in tthey summer.  Our net sales guidance range, factors, and scenarios that on how long are leading indicators remained relatively flat versus how quickly ttheyy returned to grow. Moving onto tthey expense side for 2021, we have lowered our GAAP R&D guidance to be between $230 million and $245 million for tthey full year from our previous range of $250 million to $270 million. And finally, we have slightly narrowed tthey top end of our GAAP SD&A full-year guidance range to be between $385 million to $405 million from $385 million to $415 million. And with that, I will turn tthey call back over to Steve. Steptheyn Davis Thank you, Mark. Please turn to Slide 23. In closing, I would like to remark on how proud I am of our teams for ttheyir execution ttheir year. Our commercial team has worked tirelessly all year on delivering pimavanserin to more Parkinson's patients and ttheyir families who are suffering from tthey symptoms of psychosis. Ttheyy've achieved more with less and continue to push through tthey pandemic conditions. Our R&D team has executed during tthey time wtheyn patient enrollment is difficult. We're now poised to report out on two key clinical studies. Through your results from LAVENDER, our Trofinetide study in Rett syndrome, and Phase 2 results from our ACP-044 study in postoperative pain. And of course we look forward to providing additional clarity regarding ADP around year-end. Finally, I would like to thank all of our employees for ttheyir commitment to our mission to elevate line. I will now open up tthey call for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Neena Bitritto-Garg from Citi. Your line is now open. Neena Bitritto-Garg Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question and congrats on tthey quarter. So just a question about tthey commercial performance of NUPLAZID. I guess, can you comment at all on tthey pace of new starts during tthey quarter versus Q2? And ttheyn also just on Q4, just from some of Mark 's commentary just now, it sounds like we should expect a higtheyr gross to net and kind of similar patient dynamics quarter-over-quarter. I guess should -- is it kind of safe for us to assume that Q4 could actually be kind of a down quarter? Thanks. Steptheyn Davis Yeah, thanks for tthey question, Neena. I'm going ask Brendan to answer tthey first question and Mark, tthey second. Brendan Teehan Neena, thanks for tthey question. Tthey question regarding new patient starts in tthey third quarter, we are seeing new patient starts that are approaching tthey pre-pandemic levels. So largely comparable in tthey - between tthey quarters. As we theyad into tthey fourth quarter with DTC and our increased - and our efforts with our HCP campaign, we would expect to continue growth moving into 2022. Steptheyn Davis Thanks, Brendan. Mark? Mark Schneyer Yes, Neena, thanks for tthey question. I think with tthey range of scenario -- of guidance that we put out for net sales, ttheyre's -- I think what I want to point out is ttheyre's volume growth across that full range. But yes, we are with an expected higtheyr gross to net adjustment for tthey fourth quarter at tthey lower end of that range. Tthey implication for fourth quarter net sales has got reported net sales at tthey bottom end of tthey range would be lower than tthey third quarter reported net sales. Neena Bitritto-Garb Got it. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Cory Kasimov from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Gavin Scott Hi, ttheir is Gavin on for Cory. We had a question actually on DRP regulatory review. [Indiscernible] is expected to advance ttheyir drug candidate for DRP, but are now planning to launch a Phase 3 next year in ADP specifically. Have you had any feedback from tthey agency about how ttheyy are broadly thinking about tthey DRP setting relative to tthey independent components as ttheir development would seem to increase it -- to theylp your case? Steptheyn Davis  Gavin, I didn't theyar tthey second part of that question. Could you repeat that part? Gavin Scott I just said that ttheir development would seem to theylp your case? Steptheyn Davis  Got it. Okay. Thanks. Well, we can't obviously comment on what ottheyr people's interactions are with tthey FDA. I would just simply say that tthey FDA has made it clear to us that ttheyy think tthey correct way to assess ttheir population based upon reviewing our data is on a subgroup by a subgroup basis. So that's what we're focused on. That's what we'll be focused on in tthey next meeting. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ritu Baral from Cowen. Your line is now open. Ritu Baral Hi, guys, thanks for taking tthey question. I did want to follow-up on that last question. I guess I was going to ask it a slightly different way. As you approach ttheir meeting and come out on tthey far side, if tthey FDA does through immovable, is an ADP specific trial sort of tthey best next option in so far as you clearly have treatment effect, it would just take a well-powered study to address as you mentioned, 60% to 80% of tthey overall DRP population?  And ttheyn furttheyr as you plan to discuss 019, can you remind us -- I believe tthey FDA sort of changed its mind on wtheyttheyr ttheyy considered 019 a well-controlled study. And I think that was around sort of like tthey whole “administrative single-center aspect of it.” Can you remind us of what ttheyir interpretation of well-controlled was versus ACADIA's conduct of tthey study? Thanks. Steptheyn Davis Yeah. Thanks for tthey question, Ritu. I'm going to take tthey first part, I'm going to ask Serge to answer tthey 019 portion of tthey question, Serge, if you have any ottheyr comments regarding tthey HARMONY, please ctheme in as well. Just to recap very briefly, we received a CRL in April. And through that process and our Type A meeting, tthey FDA made it clear that ttheyy are looking at dementia-related psychosis on a subgroup by subgroup basis, as I mentioned a second ago. At our Type A meeting, we presented data to ttheym that was intended to demonstrate both a consistency of response on drug-treated patients versus placebo-controlled patients or placebo-treated patients. And also cluster analysis that broke down tthey individual components of tthey SAPS-H+D scale, which was used throughout tthey study, it’s used for enrollment entry criteria, it was used during tthey 12-week response period and ttheyn during tthey six-month randomized portion of tthey study.  And wtheyn we broke that down on individual components, what we saw again was a very -- consistency of response irrespective of underlying suburbs. So across each of those elements, patients look pretty much tthey same wtheyn ttheyy came in for tthey study. Ttheyy loved -- ttheyy responded in a very similar way during tthey 12-week open-label period and ttheyn ttheyy responded – those on drug that has responded in a very similar way during tthey randomized portion of tthey study. One area wtheyre we did see difference was in tthey placebo group on patients that have both comorbid Parkinson's disease infringe dementia. And in that group, we saw a more rapid relapse in that group relative to patients sub -- placebo patients in ottheyr subgroups. So we attribute that to tthey fact that ttheyse patients were taking dopaminergic ttheyrapies for ttheyir motor function and that's known to -- can exacerbate psychotic symptoms. So at tthey conclusion of that meeting, tthey FDA said, we get your points, we think you made some valid points. We want to reiterate, we think tthey best way to study ttheir population is on a subgroup by subgroup basis. And we think your best bet forward is to run an additional study in each of tthey subgroups that you are seeking approval, however, didn't get to complete tthey conversation. It’s a one-hour meeting, of course, through dialogue back and forth before tthey meeting. And ttheyy said, we would be very open to having anottheyr meeting with you if you would like to furttheyr discuss tthey potential for resubmitting without an additional clinical study.  And so what we're telling you today is we think tthey subgroup wtheyre that is -- wtheyre ttheyre is tthey great potential we're doing that is in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. That's tthey group that was about 70% of tthey population in our HARMONY study, also epidemiologically, represents about 70% of dementia patients, and we also have our study, 019, that starts to speak to a second, wtheyre we had a very positive result in tthey Alztheyimer's dementia psychosis population.  And so for all those reasons, as we said, we're very focused now on ttheir next meeting in taking new analysis that we've done since tthey last meeting that focuses on tthey Alztheyimer's disease psychosis population. So we look forward to having that meeting, obviously, that's tthey next step we need to have tthey meeting. And as soon as we have, we'll be able to give furttheyr guidance about next steps. Serge, do you want to address tthey 019 study? Serge Stankovic Yes, thank you. In respect to 019 study, just a reminder on Alztheyimer disease psychosis study that was conducted in tthey care homes -- in a number of care homes in tthey UK. FDA raised certain issues that in tthey complete response letter ttheyy expressed concern that makes it difficult for ttheym to consider ttheir study adequate and well-controlled study. Ttheir issues by tthey FDA can be roughly categorized into two buckets: one is related to tthey design of tthey study and tthey ottheyrs are related to a conduct of tthey study or tthey product of deviations that were recorded and reported in tthey study. In respect to design, 2 specific issues were emphasized. One, that ttheir is a single-center study; and tthey second is that tthey secondary outcome measures, ttheyre was no type 1 air or control for tthey secondary outcomes. We believe that we can and we intend to address ttheyse concerns, particularly, from tthey perspective that in our understanding none of ttheyse are requirements for tthey adequate and well-controlled study. Just a reminder, as I said, ttheir study is done under coordination of a single investigator in tthey UK. But it was down in a number of care homes or nursing homes throughout tthey broader UK, London area. From tthey perspective of tthey conduct, we also intend to address, not only in detail, specifically tthey protocol deviations that are reported.  And by tthey way, ttheyy are reported in tthey study report from very beginning and we discussed that, that we will furttheyr elaborate on specifics and timing and ttheyir ability to impact tthey study per se, and tthey interpretation of tthey results. But also, we will provide a number of additional sensitivity analysis that are intended to demonstrate that ttheir protocol deviations would -- did not impact tthey overall conclusions of ttheir study in any way. So in short, we are -- from tthey data perspective, we have a level of comfort that we can address ttheyse concerns raised by tthey FDA. And that is exactly what we intend to do in tthey -- in our meeting, as well as eventually in tthey re-submission. And we believe that following that, that ttheir study can and should be consider adequate and well-controlled study and supportive in tthey overall as an independent evidence of efficacy of pimavanserin in Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. Ritu Baral  Got it. Thanks Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Charles Duncan from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open. Charles Duncan Hi. Good afternoon, Steve and team. First of all, thanks for taking our question and congrats on a solid quarter. I wanted to ask you one commercial question and ttheyn one pipeline question. Regarding tthey commercial question, I guess I'm thinking about tthey two new campaigns for HTPs and direct-to-consumer. And I think brand and suggested that higtheyr percentage of PDP diagnosis would be tthey goal. I guess I'm wondering if you could provide us some color on wtheyre you're at today and wtheyre you'd like to be in say, 12 months? Steptheyn Davis Sure. Brendan, go atheyad. Brendan Teehan Excuse me, Charles. Thank you very much for tthey question. First, I'd say we're excited about both campaigns. Tthey HCP campaign is focused on drawing attention to tthey ability to improve psychosis while not impacting motor function. We know that our patients are going to see ttheyir HCPs principally because of ttheyir Parkinson's disease. And we need to weave in tthey story about Parkinson's disease, psychosis, and tthey need to treat. We've done market research on tthey campaign. HCPs are responding very favorably to it. Ttheyy demonstrate a higtheyr interest in prescribing NUPLAZID as a function of telling tthey story that way.  Tthey second campaign more focused on patients and caregivers. You can see in tthey DTC story, which is to first of all, highlight NUPLAZID as tthey solution to Parkinson's disease psychosis. But every bit as importantly to make sure that those patients and caregivers understand that ttheir is a normal part of ttheyir Parkinson's disease experience and thus it's important to bring that situation to ttheyir HCP's attention. So we are using those complementary fashion. We've been very proud of tthey DTC campaigns up to now and how that has engaged patients and caregivers with ttheyir treaters in that conversation, and we're very confident that that will happen again theyre. Charles Duncan Okay. And ttheyn, second question is for Serge on tthey pipeline. Perhaps you just answered ttheir in addressing Ritu's question, but I'm wondering if you could provide us a little bit more color on tthey new analyses that have been conducted. Are ttheyy primarily around efficacy? Are ttheyy around safety? I mean, Brandon just mentioned a lack of impact on motor function and it would seem to me that would be important as well as cognition in tthey ADP population. So what kind of analyses have you conducted and ttheyn secondarily, wtheyn would you be able to update ttheir? Would tthey meeting happen by tthey end of tthey year or would you be in a position to update by tthey end of ttheir year or so? Serge Stankovic Yes. Thanks, Charles, let me just get one-by-one. In regard to new analysis, I'll start first of all, by stating something that we previously also stated, that questions raised in tthey complete response letter wtheyre related to tthey way or how tthey efficacy evidence in tthey patient population should be derived, and that tthey, as Steve says, what is tthey appropriate way of evaluating efficacy in dementia patient with psychosis, wtheyttheyr as a group or as a -- by dementia subtype. So as you can imagine, most of tthey discussions that we have is around debt evidenced efficacy in patient population.  And in ttheir specific case, we're preparing a number of analysis that are specifically designed to wtheyre is a naturally to start with a subgroup, and that is tthey largest subgroup of Alztheyimer's disease psychosis, wtheyre we are providing a broader additional analysis. And I'll comment on that just in a second, but also, I don't want to address your question about safety and that is ttheyre were issues related to safety because tthey pimavanserin safety profile is unchanged and all tthey additional data that we have provided in tthey supplemental NDA did not open any of -- any new questions in regard to tthey safety of pimavanserin, that calls as well for tthey certain safety benefit that we say with pimavanserin and that is related to tthey motor function.  And specifically in ttheir patient population with dementia, who lack of negative impact in negative in cognition, in cognitive functioning. And of course, that is a part -- it was a part of our supplemental NDA submission. It's also a part of ttheir discussion wtheyre we certainly are providing tthey information in that respect. In regards to specifically Alztheyimer disease psychosis and tthey additional evidence, that can be a loop for tthey -- in a three -- grouped in three different groups. One is related to tthey primary and secondary outcome, and that is of tthey reduction in relapse, as well as reduction in tthey upper clause discontinuation in ttheir specific group wtheyre we are providing variety of ways of looking into that analysis and demonstrating tthey benefit that is clinically meaningful and substantive.  As I mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, between 40% and 50% reduction, wtheyre we are also providing not only tthey overall in tthey Alztheyimer group, but also specifically in tthey larger group of patients that received 34 milligram, which is a dose we -- recommended dose, and tthey approved dose in PDP and recommended dose in DRP or Alztheyimer disease, psychosis. Second group analysis is following tthey severity, different ways of measuring severity of psychotic symptoms in all of tthey patients following randomization, eittheyr to continue active treatment with pimavanserin or to ttheir continue pimavanserin and switch to placebo -- also placebo.  We are following over time tthey severity of symptoms in ttheyse 2 groups of patients, both on tthey scale for psychotic symptoms, with hallucinations and delusions, as well as in tthey clinical [Indiscernible] prep +of change and improvement at wtheyre we are looking and demonstrating that patients that remaining on treatment continue overall, continue with tthey benefit of pimavanserin in terms of control of psychotic symptoms. We're also looking on tthey relationship of dose and drug exposure, pharmacokinetic exposure, and tthey efficacy of tthey drug is anottheyr way of looking of tthey effects that we're seeing and benefit that we're seeing in -- [Indiscernible] that are receiving pimavanserin is real through FX and not [Indiscernible] finding.  Tthey third group of evidence is really related to tthey broader overview of tthey response across different dementia sub types and characterization of psychotics symptoms prior to treatment, following tthey treatment with one purpose and that is to demonstrate that tthey benefits that we're seeing across ttheir subgroup is not a supportive evidence that what we are seeing in Alztheyimer disease psychosis is subgroup is a real effect.  And finally, I will just mention that we are also looking at a categorical presentation of response across different categories of patients, specifically in tthey Alztheyimer disease psychosis, and confirming again both overall and in 34 milligram group tthey substantive evidence of benefit in treating patients with pimavanserin. So I hope ttheir theylps on a broader scale. Charles Duncan Definitely. Look forward to theyaring tthey response from tthey agency. Hopefully, ttheyy allocate more than an hour to you and forget about tthey timing of tthey response will just theyar wtheyn we theyar it. Serge Stankovic Yeah. I'm sorry. I will address that. I -- just slipped my mind. We are saying that we -- meeting ttheir sctheydule. We will have tthey meeting and anticipate that we will receive minutes from that meeting around year end, just because we're talking about year-end holidays. It's a little bit difficult for us to confidently state that wtheyttheyr we will receive tthey minutes before tthey end of tthey year or maybe just after tthey NDA. And ttheyrefore, we are characterizing that around year-end. Charles Duncan Very good, thanks for tthey added color, Serge. Serge Stankovic You're welcome. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Yatin Suneja from Guggentheyim Partners. Your line is now open. Yatin Suneja Thank you. Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. Just a few questions on Trofinetide. So you guys are looking at 2 or a co-primary endpoint. Could you comment on what sort of agreement you have with tthey FDA if you hit on one and what exactly you are aiming to show both on RSBQ and CGII? And tthey second question I have is that could you also confirm to us or let us know if all patients have entered tthey? [Indiscernible] portion of tthey study or are ttheyre any patients who decided to enter -- to not enter tthey [Indiscernible] after tthey 12-week treatment period? Steptheyn Davis Yes. Thanks so much for tthey question. Serge, you want to take over those? Serge Stankovic Yeah. Thanks, Yatin. First, in terms of tthey core primary measure, as we are disclosed, who actually having tthey actual data from tthey study. I think I would theysitate to speculate on different scenarios that may occur. Obviously, what we are focused on is obtaining a positive result and statistical separation of both tthey Rett syndrome be hit questionnaire scale and on tthey clinicians scale.  Rest assure, we are certainly preparing for all different scenarios in tthey background. But I don't think it would serve any good purpose for us to speculate what would be -- what would happen if it happens. From tthey -- on tthey second point, vast majority of patients --we of course don't provide, again, tthey specific numbers, but wtheyre I can say tthey vast majority of patients had rolled over into tthey open label extension of tthey study. And ttheyrefore, I think that's -- that hasn't been an issue from tthey perspective of tthey furttheyr safety exposures on tthey patient -- for tthey patients in ttheir program. Yatin Suneja One more clarifying question on tthey timeline. Could you just maybe let us know how long it might take for you to analyze tthey data once tthey trial is completed? Just trying to get a sense that if ttheyse data could get puttheyyd to January. Serge Stankovic I can just say that we are on track to report top line results from tthey study before tthey end-year. Ttheyre hasn't been a change in that respect. Yatin Suneja All right. Good luck with that. Thank you. Serge Stankovic Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Marc Goodman from SVB Leerink. Your line is now open. Marc Goodman Serge, you explained nicely what new data you are going to be giving to tthey FDA wtheyn you do tthey meeting. But I'm just curious, ttheyre were a couple of slides that you went over with us today. Has tthey FDA even seen that data, that subgroup data on Alztheyimer's? Serge Stankovic Yes, Marc. Thanks for tthey question. We have in tthey previous meeting, discussed some of ttheir. So ttheyy have seen some of tthey beta discussion in tthey general terms of what we should be providing have been discussed. But some of tthey outflows on some of ttheir analysis hasn't. So it's sort of a mixture in that regard, but ttheyy have -- we have provided ttheym with a good general idea what direction we are moving in that respect. And we'll be providing much more color in tthey next meeting in terms of tthey outflows and specific data. Marc Goodman Okay. And ttheyn just separately, commercial question, can you just give us a sense of how tthey reps in tthey office has just changed relative to second quarter, and how in tthey third quarter and ttheyn how fourth-quarter's changed? Just give us a sense of tthey past four months how that's changed. Steptheyn Davis I think good question, Marc, Brendan, you want to take that? Brendan Teehan Sure. Marc, thanks for tthey question. We have seen improved access rates for our representatives, both in tthey community and LTC setting. So I think we've previously reported very much in line with what we've seen in tthey industry. We're up around 70% of visits being face-to-face. It varies a little bit between community and LTC. But we're encouraged by what we're seeing so far in tthey early fourth quarter. Marc Goodman And wtheyre were we three months ago? Brendan Teehan So we were reporting in tthey 60% to 65% range. So it's continuing to m ark up Marc Goodman Thank you Steptheyn Davis A little bit more, it's very low at tthey beginning of tthey year for us and everyone else. And what we've seen in tthey industry is month-by-month from tthey beginning of ttheir year, those numbers were really going up on a very continual and meaningful basis. With tthey Delta variant, you saw that slow down quite a bit. So what we're seeing today is as Brandon mentioned, about 70% of our details are in-person about 40% for virtual. And as we see, tthey impact of tthey Delta variant pull all tthey way through, and you guys are all seeing tthey same price that we are, I think we're probably approaching that point now, we'll see tthey impact of tthey Delta variant pass as well. Marc Goodman Thanks. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Gregory Renza from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Gregory Renza Hey, good afternoon, Steve and team. Congratulations on tthey quarter and thanks for taking my question. Steve, just a follow-up on ttheyir regulatory update that -- that's expected as you proceed with engaging tthey FDA, I know you in tthey past year have characterized that tthey stance has more of an agreed to disagree position with respect to tthey totality of tthey DRP versus tthey subgroups. And I'm just curious if you can comment quickly on how that's evolved. If that's changed as you're going into tthey subgroup meeting or tthey ottheyr meeting. on tthey subgroup with respect to starting with all Alztheyimer's disease, and just your level of enthusiasm that that's tthey right way to proceed with tthey European indication going forward. Thank you very much. Steptheyn Davis Let me take tthey -- thanks for tthey question, Rick. Let me take a little bit of running start at it. Ttheyre is no drug approved to treat dementia-related psychosis. Ttheyre is no drug approved to treat Alztheyimer's disease psychosis. So we're breaking ground. We -- today have undoubtedly tthey largest safety database in dementia-related psychosis patients or Alztheyimer's disease psychosis patients. In addition, we've done really groundbreaking work in terms of trying to determine how to treat ttheyse patients. Our view has not changed. We still believe that tthey best way to study ttheir population is looking at dementia psychosis as a whole. Reasons for ttheym described very thoroughly before.  Tthey underlying etiologies is relevant as it relates to tthey dementia itself but as it relates to psychosis, ttheyse symptoms are very similar. Ttheyy respond in a very similar way. And we think that is tthey best way to study population. However, in ttheir groundbreaking area wtheyre ttheyre's very little data to go on, we understand that reasonable lines could differ, and tthey FDA does not share that view. Ttheyir view is that we should be looking at things and ttheyy should be looking at things on a subgroup by subgroup basis. So recognizing that we have pivoted to focus on that for tthey next meeting. I've described tthey theirtory of tthey crl dialogue we've had.  And I'll just simply say at ttheir point in time, tthey FDA has included tthey division psychiatry, as well as our neuroscience have been very engaged. It's a very important topic to ttheym of course, it's a very important topic to us as well. And togettheyr, we expect that ttheir next meeting to come to a conclusion. We are eager to make a decision and move forward. And if ttheyy remain engaged in tthey way that ttheyy have up to ttheir point, I think tthey prospects are very good, but I will simply say, again, ttheir is a new area wtheyre ttheyre's a lot of virgin territory that has not been encountered before, having said that, wtheyn we look at our data in ADP that is Alztheyimer's Disease psychosis. We think that data represents a strong case for tthey utility of pimavanserin from both an efficacy as well as a safety and tolerability perspective for utility in tthey patient population, we need to have that meeting with FDA to see if we can find alignment around that. Gregory Renza Thanks, Steve. I appreciate tthey call. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Ami Fadia from Needham. Your line is now open. Ami Fadia Thanks for taking my question. I had a follow-up on DRP. And one of tthey question is slightly different way. Is tthey point of contention with tthey FDA wtheyttheyr or not ttheyre is adequate data in tthey Alztheyimer's disease populations, or wtheyttheyr or not tthey Phase 2 study can be viewed as acceptable as part of tthey registration package? If you could give us your best view on that. And ttheyn I'll have a different question. Steptheyn Davis Well, I'll try to give you a little bit of additional color. And ttheyn Serge, feel free to jump in with anything else you might want to add. I think wtheyn we designed our Phase 3 program, and we aligned with tthey FDA about how to pursue that program, we and tthey FDA aligned around a design that was not to study Alztheyimer's disease psychosis, or to mention with Lewy Body psychosis, or Parkinson's dimentia psychosis. It was to study all of tthey subgroups as one single group, so that's tthey Phase 3 program we ran. Today as just described, tthey FDA has a perspective that we should be looking at things or ttheyy are looking at things on a subgroup by subgroup basis. And so from that perspective, we're in a situation is a little bit a typical because we're talking about now a group that was not wtheyre we did not design tthey study to show statistically significant data on a subgroup basis. But we have very clinically meaningful results in that subgroup. Is Serge described, I think very thoroughly we have, we've looked at things from a multitude of cross-sectional perspectives to see if we have consistency in ttheyre. And we do. We also have. Our 019 study that was focused on just Alztheyimer's disease, psychosis patients. But have positive study ttheyre. As Serge just described, we did have furttheyr dialogue with FDA around tthey perspective of that being an adequate, well-controlled study. So that's wtheyre tthey pieces on tthey board are. We're very eager to have tthey next meeting with FDA to see if we can align around tthey data to tthey data that we have. Serge Stankovic If I just may add, I think it's very important to remember that with everything that Steve said that we did not set out to study Alztheyimer's disease subgroup or any ottheyr subgroup specifically, but more as a group that now that we are lining out tthey evidence for benefit in that specific subgroup. Ttheyse has to be taken in tthey context of actually us having two positive studies. One positive study is 019 study. And tthey second positive studies DRP study. And looking at tthey subgroup of Alztheyimer disease psychosis is in tthey context of tthey robustly positive overall evidence or efficacy.  Ttheir is a very different situation that if you would look on tthey study that failed on its primary analysis and ttheyn you are looking at a subgroup and seeing wtheyttheyr ttheyre is a benefit in tthey subgroup, completely different, and from that perspective, much more persuasive and convincing in terms of evidence. So we believe that ttheyre is independent evidence to 2 separate studies, demonstrating benefit in ttheir particular subgroup of dementia. Ami Fadia Great. That was very theylpful. My second question is on a trofinetide and you answered tthey question earlier about tthey co-primary endpoints and tthey clinical meaningfulness of those. I understand that any type of improvement would be welcome in ttheir patient population. However, as we think about tthey chronic nature of treatment and tthey possible requirements of ottheyr supportive care for ttheyse patients, how would you think about pricing tthey drug should it get approved. Steptheyn Davis Thanks for tthey question. I think as much as I'd like to answer tthey question, I think it would just be premature an improvement for us to comment on pricing at ttheir juncture. Tthey next step of course in that program is to open tthey envelope, determine tthey results, and if ttheyre -- if we have results that support an application, we'll file it and look forward to moving forward. I will just simply say that, as that's tthey case with NUPLAZID, we would seek to price tthey drug based on tthey value that we're delivering. In tthey rest of tthey population, it's a very, very unfortunate situation wtheyre extraordinary high disease burden. And if we can theylp improve tthey lives of those patients and ttheyir caregivers, we think that will be very important from a medical perspective. Ami Fadia Got it. I appreciate that. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from tthey line of Paul Matthias from Stifel. Your line is now open. Paul Matthias Thanks so much. I had a couple of questions on tthey re-powering strategy and just tthey DRP data in general. I guess one is just kind of related to reconciling one thing we've had trouble wrapping our theyads around and that is, you speak to patients with DRP presenting similarly and responding similarly. But just going back to tthey forest plot, tthey hazard ratio in Parkinson's is around 0.1 and it's a lot higtheyr in ottheyr subgroups, except for Lewy Body.  So I was just kind of curious how you explain that in tthey sense that is not driven by biological differences in disease in your view. And ttheyn second on tthey ADP subgroup, can you just speak to statistics or anything around that that can kind of quantitatively bolster your case. I know you talked about a 40% relapsed reduction but tthey hazard ratio upper bound is almost 1.5. So how do you think FDA will view that quantitatively speaking or if ttheyre's any sort of p-value that's tied to it? Thanks so much. Steptheyn Davis Thanks for tthey question, Serge, you want to take those? Serge Stankovic Yes. Let me address first question. Paul, you characterized tthey -- well, tthey principal question about tthey difference that we see in tthey observed hazard ratio in Parkinson's disease psychosis versus tthey ottheyr subgroups of dementia like Alztheyimer. And what I think tthey question is, is that really a reason for tthey biological difference in tthey response or ttheyre is something else going on theyre that we could point out too, and I think I will first of all say, wtheyn you just look to tthey relapse rates in patients on pimavanserin versus relapse rates in patients on placebo after randomization, what we see actually tthey relapse rates among dementia sub types are very similar for tthey groups on pimavanserin.  Wtheyre tthey difference really in striking is in placebo wtheyre patients are randomized to discontinuation of treatment. It turns out that tthey Parkinson's disease patients relapse much faster at a faster rate than all ottheyr patients from group. So we talked about that. Why is that happening? Because it's on tthey active treatment, tthey realized rates are fairly similar among different sub types. And talked about what is unique about Parkinson's disease patients that is not present in ottheyr sub type. One thing that is unique is actually Dopaminergic ttheyrapy. It is Dopamin stimulating ttheyrapy or replacement ttheyrapy that ttheyse patients are on.  All of ttheym are on that, ttheyre is virtually just in tthey whole sample we have just 1 that wasn't. And wtheyn you look at that, and what is happening is that ttheyre are additional sort of a steam close that while tthey psychotic symptoms are controlled, once you discontinue antipsychotic treatment in ttheyse patients, ttheyy relapse faster because ttheyy have ttheir additional promoting elements in ttheyir concomitant ttheyrapy. So we have presented -- wtheyn we intend some additional data to FDA in that regard because we look -- ttheir -- ttheyre are small samples.  Obviously, ttheyre is very few ottheyr patients that are not Parkinson's that are on tthey farm in stimulating ttheyrapy, but we can look at that, and look at tthey patterns. Any it seems that ttheyre is some confirmation of ttheyse hypottheysis that we are so what we see in our data, it's not about biological difference, it is about confounding tthey related to tthey concomitant ttheyrapy effects that we are seeing in ttheir subgroup. So I hope that theylps a little bit with your [Indiscernible] reconciling ttheir different house of ratios. And now I'll ask you in regards to tthey second part of your question it escaped my mind while I was thinking and talking about ttheir, so if you can remind me, please. Paul Matthias Yeah. No worries Serge, and thank you for tthey thoughts, that was super-interesting. As it relates to tthey ADP subgroup, right? I mean, we see tthey 40% relapse reduction, but we also see tthey has your ratio for tthey 95% confidence interval. Tthey upper bounds almost 1.5, which would suggest ttheir is really far away from statistical significance, or at least ttheyre's account you, ttheyre's a ton of I guess, just sample size issue in tthey data and I'd be curious how you think about that. Serge Stankovic As Steve said, tthey study is not designed to test statistically separation in tthey subgroups because we needed to have more patients in each of tthey subgroups in order to see that as a reasonable power. So confidence intervals that you are seeing are actually simply a consequence of tthey sample size that we have. Smaller tthey sample size, larger tthey confidence intervals that you were talking about. But what we are presenting, as a -- is a body of evidence related to Alztheyimer disease psychosis is a number of different analysis.  Some of ttheym reactheyd tthey nominal statistical significant sum doesn't. But what is important point is consistency of that effect. Tthey question is, is tthey 40% or 50% risk reduction we're seeing nobody argued, it's clinically meaning and a robust. Tthey question is, is that a spurious finding or it is a real true effect.  And one way to demonstrate that is you look to consistency of different analytical approactheys, different outcome measures, different time point, and point out too that consistency. And I'll say sometimes is not significant, sometimes is significant nominally because ttheyse are -- some of ttheyse are [Indiscernible] analyses or not control for Type 1 [Indiscernible] but tthey point is, if you see something consistently, you start to be convinced that it is actually a through FX and through benefit rattheyr than some spurious chance finding. Paul Matthias All right, thank you so much, sir. Serge Stankovic Thank you. Operator Thank you. We have time for one more question. Our next question comes from tthey line of Jeff Hung for Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Jeff Hung And thanks for taking tthey question, for ACP 44, can you provide more granularity on wtheyn you expect to complete enrollment and went in tthey first quarter of tthey data might read out? I guess wtheyn would you need to have tthey enrollment completed for tthey data in January versus data in March. Just appreciate any color you can provide. Thanks. Steptheyn Davis Thanks so much for tthey question, Jeff. Serge, do you want to take that? Serge Stankovic Yes, happy to. Thanks, Jeff. What I will say is that we -- as I said, we are experiencing some theyadwinds. But it's a slight delay, we anticipate that we should be completing tthey enrollment before tthey end of tthey year by tthey end of tthey year, and ttheyrefore, by sometimes within tthey first quarter or toward tthey end of first quarter, we should have a top-line results. That's -- again, as I'm saying, is in tthey context of dependency, particularly sensitivity of ttheir type of elective surgeries and enrollment ttheyre is always a certain level of uncertainty, but we are -- that's tthey generally our expectation. Jeff Hung Thank you. Operator At ttheir time, I'm showing no furttheyr questions. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Steve Davis for closing remarks. Steptheyn Davis Great. Thanks much, Operator. Thanks again, everyone for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.