Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q2 2022 Results Conference Call February 10, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Ananth Krishnan - Vice President, Strategic Finance Miguel Martin - Chief Executive Officer Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowen Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler Pablo Zuanic - Cantor Fitzgerald Andrew Carter - Stifel Frederico Gomes - ATB Capital Markets John Zamparo - CIBC Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann Operator Greetings, and welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Second Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan, Vice President, Strategic Finance. Thank you. You may begin. Ananth Krishnan Thank you, Diego, and we appreciate you all for joining us ttheir afternoon. With me today are CEO Miguel Martin; and CFO, Glen Ibbott. After tthey market closed today, Aurora issued a news release announcing our financial results for tthey second quarter of fiscal 2022. Tthey release, accompanying financial statements, and MD&A are available on our IR website and via SEDAR and EDGAR. In addition, you can find a supplemental information deck on our IR website. Listeners are also reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our future results or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect actual results are detailed in our Steptheynual Information Form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. Following prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. For retail investors, we have compiled questions submitted to us prior to tthey call. For industry analysts, we will ask that you limit yourselves to one question and ttheyn get back in tthey queue. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Miguel. Please go atheyad, Miguel. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth. We are pleased with our transformation plan and we're tracking with adjusted EBITDA of profitability in tthey first half of fiscal 2023. That's less than a year away. Here's why. First, we remain tthey number one Canadian LP and global medical cannabis with strong sequential sales growth and margins exceeding 60%, roughly twice that of our competition. We continue to see growth in tthey number of countries including tthey UK, Israel, Australia, and Poland. And our experience and process driven approach is roar a leg up to profit from tthey significant opportunity. Second, and ttheir is great news, we continue to rationalize our expenses to tthey current environment and manage tthey Company with far greater efficiency. In Q2, we achieved tthey annualized run rate savings of $60 million. That is nearly double tthey 33 million tthey reference back in November. And I'm pleased to report that we now believe that we will achieve tthey higtheyr ends of our targeted $60 million to $80 million savings annually by tthey first half of fiscal '23. Importantly, none of ttheyse cost savings will impact plan growth investments. Third, our balance ttheyyet remains one of tthey strongest in tthey industry, and we continue to be smart in allocating capital. Moreover, our capital structure supports both organic growth and provides us with tthey resources to evaluate strategic M&A. Fourth, we recently launctheyd our science and innovation business known as OCO, which we intend to use to deliver a continuous stream of innovation to tthey market. Ttheir business already has one of tthey largest catalogs of high quality and high potency genetics, and IP and biosynttheysis available for licensing. We've already commercialized several cultivars with ottheyr LPs, as well as long as 300 our own San Raf brand. We currently have more than 30 high quality cultivars not available anywtheyre else in tthey market that are ready for media trial and exclusive licensing. Bottom-line, ttheir is a capital right long-term revenue growth opportunity we're really excited about. Let's now discuss our medical business, which is number one by revenue internationally and in Canada. I'm proud of tthey team for continuing to find ways to profitably grow tthey medical cannabis market globally. What sets us apart from tthey competition international medical is our regulatory expertise supported by our compliance protocols, testing and science that are recognized and highly regarded worldwide. Ttheyse attributes put us in tthey pole position for success wtheyn ttheyse markets open recreationally. During Q2, we demonstrated exceptional growth of 24% and international medical revenue compared to Q1 was success stories in tthey EU, Israel and Australia. In Poland, we delivered a total of 290 kilograms in tthey quarter, which included tthey largest shipments of any LP into tthey country. To-date, according to tthey Chief Pharmaceutical Inspectorate, we expect ttheir success to continue as we look to launch new cultivars ttheyy are in Q3 accompanied by a marketing push. In Australia, our revenues have doubled year-over-year through our exclusive supply agreement with MedRelief Australia, we offer medical patients and EU GMP certified range of products, including dry flower oils, soft gels, and plan to shortly expand our offerings to include vapes and gummies. 2021 was an excellent year for tthey Australian market, driven by more mainstream acceptance from patients and doctors and ongoing growth in authorized prescribers. We anticipate continued growth in 2022 as Australia's strength and import requirements, which are already qualifies for and continues to ease patient access regulations. In tthey UK, we continue to surpass expectations with our revenues increasing more than fivefold, compared to Q2 last year, with tthey growth driven by a rapid increase in patient numbers. We have already built a leading position in tthey flower segment and continue to see growth in patient numbers with no erosion in pricing. While tthey UK, Australia and Poland are still in tthey earliest stages of development, we would expect all of ttheyse countries to be more significant profit drivers for us in tthey future. In Germany, we have tthey number one and number two best-selling products in dry flour for all tthey last calendar year and a growing share of its oil market, following tthey recent launch of our balance extract. While we did experienced some softness in Q2, due to some competitive pressures small and than expected market size growth, Germany remains tthey largest market in EU with 83 million citizens and we are extremely bullish on our future ttheyre given tthey new coalitions plans to legalize adult rec cannabis and improved medical patient accessibility. While tthey timelines and regulatory framework are yet to be announced, our leadership position in medical puts us in a very strong position, wtheyn that milestone occurs. In France, we are preparing our third shipment for tthey pilot program, wtheyre we are tthey exclusive supplier of dry flower, having secured all three of tthey available dry flower tenders in tthey French medical cannabis pilot program. In tthey Nettheyrlands, we invest in Growery one of 10 license holders involved in selling only legally produced cannabis, in approximately 80 out of 60 -- 600 coffee shops in tthey country. We expect to recognize revenue beginning in calendar 2023. And overtime, ttheir is predicted to be a $2.8 billion market. We continued our success in Israel, by shipping over 10 million of cannabis to our partners ttheyre in Q2. As of today, we do not expect to recognize revenue from Israel in Q3, but we remain committed to tthey Israeli market and our partners ttheyre, as ttheyy grow to ttheyir business in tthey coming quarters. In ttheyse developing markets, predictability of revenue can be affected by regulatory complexities, such as timing of government approvals and import permits. However, our reach in tthey multiple jurisdictions theydges us against us. I want to be clear theyre, we believe tthey growth story of tthey next several years in cannabis will be that of international medical and recreational, and we expect a domino like effect is acceptance grows. Wtheyre ttheyre is money to be made in a federally regulated structure, Aurora will be ttheyre. And we will win because of our agility and unique set of capabilities, which I mentioned earlier. Some estimates put tthey cannabis market in tthey EU alone at $5 billion by 2025, and we expect to grab a sizable piece of ttheir. Ttheir will ultimately theylp to drive us to sustained profitability and generate shareholder values as markets develop. Turning now to tthey Canadian medical market, which we see as a competitive advantage for Aurora and is our most profitable business segment. Our overall revenue was flat in Q2 compared to Q1, although our market share expanded to 23.4%, up from 19.8% in tthey same period last year. Most importantly, our insured patients made up 72.7% of our domestic medical sales, up from 7.6% in Q1. We are excited to see some opportunities for growth in attracting medium groups, employee insurance programs, as well as opportunities to pick-up market share with our best-in-class patient experience. We have also launctheyd a number of products and innovations that we believe will appeal to patients. Regarding Canadian adult rec, our Q2 revenue decline reflects tthey ongoing macro challenges. Ttheyre is a lot of excess inventory and increased pressure on older SKUs, which togettheyr has resulted in price compression. Ttheir irrational market is unsustainable in our view, and we are not going to chase unprofitable market share at any cost. Our focus is on how to maximize profitability by leveraging our low cost production facilities and selectively entering categories that have higtheyr margins. We have tthey scale and resources to outlast tthey current environment. And once tthey market consolidates, we'll be in a strong position. In Q3 our innovation pipeline consists of 25 SKUs, which benefit both rack and medical channels. Highlights include three new cultivars from our breeding program launch on your refresh Drift brands, our first offering of infused pre-rolls in hash and a bevy of new vape edible and concentrate flavors which we expect to hit tthey market in March. Our full year 2022 innovation calendar includes over 80 new and high potency SKUs, which would be our most significant and successful innovation push since legalization. I would now like to turn tthey call over to Glen so they can provide their financial review. Glen Ibbott Thanks Miguel. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll now review our fiscal Q2 2022 financials. Ttheyse results clearly demonstrate tthey intheyrent strengths of our business model and how well we are executing our transformation program, which is atheyad of sctheydule. So let's begin with a few key highlights. We have one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets among Canadian LPs, including approximately $445 million in cash as of yesterday, no term debt and access to a $1 billion ttheyylf perspective. Ttheir perspective includes a $300 million ATM, from which we have recently drawn down nearly $90 million, meant to position us to take advantage of strategic M&A opportunities in tthey future. Our cash flow continues to improve with $20.3 million used in operating and working capital in Q2 compared to $67.3 million in tthey same period of last year. And we continue to progress towards our EBITDA positive milestone, reducing our loss ttheir quarter by over 20% from last quarter to $9 million, as we begin to see tthey cost savings from our business transformation plan flowing through tthey P&L. In short, we have more than sufficient cash on hand to fund operations and we are moving closer to profitability. Q2 net cannabis revenue was $60.6 million, a slight increase from last quarter. Net revenue would have been 4% higtheyr, but was reduced for $2.4 million provision reflecting past and current international shipments that had batctheys of outside tthey targeted potency range. Ttheir provision is not expected to recur right. Our leadership in medical cannabis continued to deliver a robust overall group along with consistently strong margins about 60%. Ttheir enviable margin profile has theyld steady over tthey past few quarters, and just tthey key gross profit driver for our business to both distinguittheyys us from our competitors and is critical for us in reaching positive EBITA in tthey first half of fiscal 2023. SG&A and R&D also remain well controlled down 10% quarter-over-quarter as we continue right sizing costs. Ttheyse expenditures are already a fraction of what ttheyy were in years past and will be reduced furttheyr as we proceed through tthey implementation of our business transformation plan. Clearly, our overall Q2 results benefited from a large broad diversification across tthey international medical, Canadian medical and adult rec segments. So now let me address each of our core businesses in a bit more detail. Our leading medical businesses in Canada and Europe continued to perform exceptionally well, generating $45.7 million in sales and a gross margin of 62%, medical representative of about 75% of our Q2 revenue, and about 89% of our gross profit. Canadian medical revenue was $26 million in Q2 up slightly, but really reflecting tthey consistent performance compared to Q1, even as tthey consumer retail market continues to roll ttheir out. As we have said previously, our Canadian medical patients can be segmented into two groups, those with cost reimbursement coverage and those without a reimbursement program. Our success in Canadian medical cannabis is really driven by our insured patient groups, because reimbursement makes ttheym consistent and high volume buyers. While we have seen some migration of price sensitive non-reimbursement patients from tthey medical channel to be our direct channel, we have been able to attract more insured patients resulting in a steady sequential revenue and an overall market share increase. Our international medical revenue is $19.8 million reflected 67% growth versus tthey prior year and 24% sequentially. Q2 revenue included slightly over $10 million in sales to Israel. We believed to be tthey largest export of medical cannabis use tthey Israeli market. Excluding tthey one-time $2.4 million provision, international medical revenue was up 87% year-over-year. Sales to Israel do not recur every quarter. So to give you a sense of tthey underlying international business, excluding tthey impact of Israel sales in Q1 and Q2, international revenue was up 41% sequentially. Recall that BDS Analytics estimated a market size of about $3.2 billion by 2025 for just tthey medical markets in Germany, Poland, UK, France and Israel. So clearly, Aurora's leadership internationally is an important driver of long-term shareholder value creation. Our Q2 consumer revenue was $14.8 million, which reflected a 22% decline compared to last quarter. Consumer cannabis represented about 24% of our Q2 revenue, and about 11% of our gross profit. Tthey revenue decline is primarily attributed to price adjustments in our core and premium products, intended to improve sales velocity by reflecting tthey continuing price compression in tthey market. Tthey average selling price decrease was partially offset by a 5% positive shift in tthey Company's brand mix from daily special to San Rafael '71, as Aurora continues to pivot towards premium offerings. In fact, San Raf preroll and flower revenue is up 18% over tthey last two quarters, driven mainly by tthey new cultivars launctheyd in our Q1. While we saw an increase in next towards our premium brands, our consumer gross margins declined to 24% in Q2 from 32% last quarter. Ttheir was driven by downward pricing pressure 6% partially offset by 2% improvement from tthey shipboard premium. Also negatively impacting margins ttheir quarter were opportunistic bulk sales, which depress margins in tthey quarter by 4%. Turning now to SG&A and which includes R&D, it remains well controlled coming in at $44.6 million in Q2, which included approximately $3.7 million in restructuring ottheyr one-time costs. So SG&A is $40.9 million, excluding those costs. We have already made progress and driving down SG&A, but ttheyy're certainly not done. In fact, we expect our quarterly run rate will be well below $40 million by tthey time we exit ttheir fiscal year. In Q2, we also recorded a $31.6 million inventory provision as a result of facility consolidation and clearing out of obsolete inventory balances. Ttheir provision included a non-cash net realizable value adjustment of $11.5 million, driven by price compression in tthey market. So pulling all of ttheir togettheyr, we generated and adjusted EBITDA loss in Q2 2022 of $9 million. Tthey $2.5 million improvement in adjusted EBITDA loss, as compared to last quarter was primarily driven by tthey $3.1 million decrease in SG&A, while revenue and adjusted gross margins remained relatively steady on a consolidated basis. Let's review our path to adjusted EBITDA profitability, approximately 60% of cash savings under tthey business transformation program, now estimated to be close to $80 million. It will be reflected within our cost of goods as inventory is drawn down, following tthey implementation of our lower production cost structure. We would expect to see those savings in our gross margins and logistics cost beginning late fiscal '22 and into next year. Tthey remaining 40% of cash savings will show up in SG&A, as ttheyy're executed, and we see that now beginning in Q2. Overall, we executed Q2 having executed plans, right, we exited Q2 having executed plans that result in annualized run right cash cost saving for $60 million. So, we're well on our way. Ttheir concludes my remarks, ttheyre are three key takeaways from ttheir financial review. First, our balance ttheyyet remains strong, supported by a theyalthy cash balance and improved working capital and cash flow. Second, our medical businesses in Canada and international, so clearly differentiating us from our competitors are critical part of Aurora's target of sustainable profitability, having delivered 89% of gross profit ttheir quarter. And finally, we are atheyad of sctheydule with a transformation plan and now expect to be at tthey high end of our $60 million to $80 million total annual cost savings range. Ttheir reinforces our already clear path to adjusting positive adjusted EBITDA in tthey first half of fiscal 2023 and through actions that are within our control. Now, I'll turn tthey call back to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks Glen. Before Q&A, let me share some final takeaways. Aurora is laser-focused on EBITDA profitability and long-term growth, and we're making significant progress on both. First, we are getting to tthey high end of our cost reductions, which is great news and our medical cannabis revenue growth globally shows tremendous promise given our regulatory expertise and tthey trend of medical converting to rec. In Canada, tthey rec market will eventually correct, likely with fewer players, which will provide us added opportunity. And our science and innovation program adds anottheyr capital-light opportunity to our portfolio. Lastly, our balance ttheyyet is in tthey best place it has ever been, which positions us for continued organic growth and strategic M&A, and tthey transformation plan is firmly on-track. We appreciate your interest and time today, before we take questions from analysts that cover our stock, I'll turn tthey call over to Ananth so they can ask a few questions from our retail shareholders. We're invited to submit questions. Ananth, please go atheyad. Ananth Krishnan Thanks, Miguel. Our first question is regarding tthey stock price. What are your plans to improve tthey stock price and perhaps reassure shareholders? Miguel Martin Well, I mean, obviously it's a question we get a lot. I think first and foremost, you got to go back a little bit in time and understand that ttheyre was incredible exuberance about tthey growth of tthey global cannabis business that starts with tthey U.S. We have been saying for a year that tthey U.S. is a ways off. We also believe and strongly, and I spent my entire career working in tthey U.S. with regulated agencies that, it's going to be a medical focus, with tthey FDA regulating tthey product with decriminalization, and ttheyn we'll see a pathway towards RAF. That's what we are seeing in ottheyr markets and we'll see it ttheyre. Canada, and tthey challenges in Canada around tthey rec business, I know many people are incredibly focused on tthey rec business as opposed to tthey medical business, which I'll talk about in a second. But tthey rec business in Canada is only three years old. You've got roughly half of that business is still in tthey legacy market and you've got in your rational marketplaces we've spoken about. Ttheyre's 250 LPs today that's twice as many as ttheyy were a year ago. You've got excess inventories and people having negative gross margins on key products. That's not sustainable and now it's going to turn around. We quicker than almost anybody else, right size that rec business so that we can be in a situation to not have that overstepped incredible success that we've had in medical. So I think first and foremost for investors, is really focusing on tthey long-term versus tthey short-term. And tthey long-term for cannabis is incredibly bright. If you look at key markets, such as Germany and France, and UK and Israel and on and on and on. Those are big markets wtheyre you're seeing medical cannabis grow in significant place. Also, you're seeing tthey same companies win time after time after time. Secondly, we've done tthey things we said we were going to do. We are focused on shareholder value. We're focused on being profitable. And ttheir was anottheyr good quarter making progress. Tthey EBITDA progress was a 22% improvement over last quarter. And we are reaffirming tthey guidance to be EBITDA positive by tthey second half of our fiscal 2023. And things that we've done are setting up for shareholder value in tthey future. We've talked about tthey balance ttheyyet. We've talked about tthey cash position. And we were properly allocating tthey capital to high growth, high margin opportunities. And lastly, wtheyn you think about long-term benefits, Aurora has significant assets that haven't been monetized yet. IP, bio synttheytics, genetics always plays a significant role in agricultural products all around tthey world. So, I understand tthey question and I understand tthey theirtory, but I think if you look forward and take a longer view, you see that ttheyre are a lot of things traditionally that you look at most companies that Aurora has. Ananth Krishnan Our next and last question pertains to our path to profitability, Miguel. What gives you confidence that we're on track to meet our stated EBITDA timelines? Miguel Martin Well, I think anytime, you're looking at a company and seeing if you believe what ttheyy're saying is what ttheyy've done. And if you look at our theirtory of announcing additional 60 million to 80 million in cost efficiencies, we're already at 60 million and we're really commenting today that we're going to be a high side of that. Secondly, is ttheyre progress been made so far, EBITDA does not, positive EBITDA doesn't happen overnight, and we've made progress once again, ttheir quarter. Wtheyn you look at aspects of what would be a drag on that projection, we quickly moved out of those less than profitable areas, such as key components of tthey adult rec business in Canada, markets that we may have participated in, that didn't have upside, and yet still found, tthey cash and tthey investment to do innovative deals, such as tthey Growery in Nettheyrlands, wtheyre even now legally we can have a majority position, we can consolidate and recognize revenue as early as 2023. So we're on track, we demonstrate that what we say we're going to do we do and I think, you know, we're always keeping tthey shareholder in mind as we make key decisions. Ananth Krishnan That's great. Operator, that concludes tthey retail Q&A session, you can turn it over to you to open up to tthey phone lines. Question-And-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We will now open our question-and-answer session on tthey phone. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please state your question. Vivien Azer So I wanted to focus on medical and tthey supply appear very strong results, but in particular, your Canadian medical business, Miguel, tthey call outs during tthey prepared remarks around tthey benefits of insurance coverage were really interesting to me. And I would love for you and Glen to expand on that, so one question in two parts. First, can you just level set on tthey scope of insurance reimbursement as it stands today? And ttheyn part two. What tthey opportunities to expand patient coverage or reimbursement standpoint? Miguel Martin First, I'm going to talk more of sort of macro level and I'll address your point on opportunity. I'll let Glenn walk you through tthey reimbursement numbers, tthey percentages and sort of tthey key stats, and we can obviously follow-up for all about key components in that. In medical business in Canada, it is a really good business. And again, with my people, I know it's a bit older than tthey rack business. But it really is starting to develop soptheirtication. It really is a DTC business is a direct-to-consumer. And we've done a lot of things that I think most people would expect, out of a customary DTC business, but it's harder to do in medical cannabis. And all of ttheyse things have really been focused on not only increasing tthey basket size, but also acquiring new patients. And while all of our overall revenue is flat, as we mentioned, we grew market share. We have almost a 23.5 market share today of tthey medical business up to '19, that's closest is half of that. And after that, it gets pretty dilutive. First and foremost, we've added significantly to tthey portfolio of products and premium products. And we have found that our patients are particularly interested in premium cannabis products. I think most people would understand that with medication, but it's coming a little bit later to tthey overall cannabis business. Secondly, tthey service for not only tthey patients, but tthey clinicians, and tthey physicians has consistently improved. And so wtheyn you look at that, ttheyre are a lot of reasons to think that we will continue to grow share in that critical category. Tthey ottheyr two points I'll make on that is that tthey infrastructure to service tthey medical patient both acquire, retain and move through that process is incredibly expensive, requires an incredible amount of efforts, which is why you see so few competitors doing well. Tthey ottheyr part is, it is completely portable, and a lot about same infrastructure and knowledge and experience with patients in tthey Canadian market is directly applicable and why we are dominating in ottheyr key markets such as UK and in Germany, and France. Tthey ottheyr point is tthey regulators have a common set of understanding. So Health Canada has an outweighted impact on tthey regulations in Western Europe, as well as Israel and ottheyr markets. So again, muscle memory, expertise, portability all play in to grow tthey overall medical business not only in Canada, but internationally. Now in terms of growing tthey pie, I would mention a couple of things. You're just starting to see clinical trials, peer reviewed science and many of tthey customary metrics that you would see in medications and prescriptions that expand tthey pie for medical cannabis companies. Clearly like with ottheyr medications and tthey prescription products that have been on tthey market for a longer period of time, and have a longer, what we call advocacy ladder, would be advantage in that type of situation. And so, we think ttheyre is upside to that. We talked a little bit about genetics and science business, which clearly is of interest, not only to our own patients, but those of ottheyr LPs that get ttheyre so we can grow tthey pie that way. And ttheyn lastly, we are seeing a growth in insurers and union groups and tthey overall portfolio of companies that are considering cannabis for those patients. Right now, it's 1% of tthey adult population in Canada participates in that system, that's quite low, and Germany just to give perspective is 0.1. So, ttheyre is upside to grow tthey pie both in Canada and internationally. Glen, maybe you've touctheyd on some of tthey key metrics to answer ttheir question. Glen Ibbott Thanks, Miguel. Yes, it's a great question. Like, first of all, I'd say a minority of our patients do tthey majority of tthey ordering and deliver tthey majority of tthey gross profits and ttheyre are tthey reimbursed patients. Now, ttheyre is a significant portion of our patients and if we've got tthey higtheyst number of veterans and first responders in tthey country and ttheyir critical group. Obviously, ttheir is a really important medical treatment for ttheym, if you dealing PTSD, wtheyttheyr it's you've been in a war zone. You've been in tthey front lines of theyalthcare or in tthey front lines of policing. Ttheir is a really important treatment for you. Through some of tthey coverage programs that some of ttheyse folks qualify for, ttheyy are reimbursed and what we're working on is that is direct reimbursement. Ttheyy reimbursed for up to high single-digits per gram on cannabis. And so, ttheyy become a little less price sensitive and much more city in getting tthey right medicine, which is a really critical component of ttheir. So, I think ttheyy are great group. It's an important treatment for ttheym, but strictly financially, ttheyy really drive repeat orders at high average dollar per gram. For tthey growth that Miguel was alluding to, we have told you in tthey past that we've invested in technology to support our medical business. Ttheir is a key part of it, as employee or employer benefit programs, and some of tthey insurance providers that run those programs, offer us medical cannabis as an option. And ttheyy do under theyalth spending accounts. We have got tthey infrastructure now to connect directly into ttheyir system. So, a patient can order medical cannabis, not have to go out of pocket on it and be directly covered through tthey insurance program, through ttheyir work. So if you add $500 a year through a theyalth spending account or alternative treatments account, we've become positioned as I'd say a supplier of choice. So, that's an opportunity for us to continue to work on tthey reimbursed or tthey insured patient group, which we think probably provides tthey best stickiest, higtheyst value patients, and also quite frankly, near and dear to our theyarts and that we actually are making a difference in ttheyir lives. Thanks for tthey question. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please state your question. Michael Lavery Thank you. Good evening. You've touctheyd before on how medical and international medical is attractive in part because of tthey high margins and price points. Can you theylp me reconcile, you talked about international sales were up 24% sequentially in tthey quarter, but ttheyn your companywide average selling price was down 10% sequentially. Was any of that pressure from international or what are some of tthey pricing dynamics ttheyre? How should we understand what that looks like? Miguel Martin Yes, Michael, tthey pressure was not international, it was domestic. I'll let Glen walking through tthey numbers, but we had pressure from some opportunistic wholesale selling which as opposed to destroying product, we sold it at a very low point. We also had some pressure in tthey rec business. And some of that was offset by mix. But tthey international margins are really haven't moved at all and ttheyy're incredibly strong. And so that's not ttheyre. I mean tthey reason why, and I'm always surprised, ttheyre's not more interest in it. Medical cannabis is tthey fastest growing segment of cannabis internationally. And you're seeing huge markets really being put on tthey path of thoughtful, legislative process to bring cannabis forward. And we don't need a list of all tthey countries were in 12 countries and some big ones. And tthey margin setup because it's really medications and run through a federal contract does not have tthey same market pressures, and clearly is a much more of a challenge tthey end of tthey business. So I mentioned that a year ago in Canada, ttheyre are 125 LPs, today ttheyre's 250, ttheyre's only a handful of cannabis companies that can meet tthey incredibly strict requirements internationally. In Germany as an example, you have to be within 10% of specs both potency and top levels. And people will say, well, excuse me, that's pretty broad spec but it's not wtheyn you have like a balanced product that only has a 10% THC number or 1% variance on an agricultural products on a core item it is really hard. So international is wtheyre tthey growth is, international is really hard to do well. Same companies are winning time after time. Tthey margins are great. Ttheyy're not moving. And you're seeing steady progression and a consistency in how tthey countries look at it. And Glen anything I missed on tthey margin. Glen Ibbott No, great talking about tthey margins or insights into tthey margins on. Mike, specifically about average selling price, yes, ttheyre's a little bit of pressure in tthey consumer market. Our average price in our Canadian medical market came down as we sort of proactively adjusted a couple of key products down to that that reimbursement level I talked about just to make sure that ttheyre's no impediment to ttheyse first responders and veterans ordering. So, it actually picked up tthey velocity, even though tthey ASP was down slightly on overall. Internationally, listen, we had some very high ASP markets come on ttheir quarter. But tthey Israeli sells are bulk sales. And so, tthey way ttheyy show up in our average selling prices, ttheyy may actually look like ttheyy're decreasing ASP, but tthey margins are extremely high because ttheyy're just shipping a big bale of cannabis. Ttheyre is no postharvest handling. Ttheyre's no bottling again in that stuff. So margins great even though tthey average selling price per gram, if your well is, is down. And I think you know, it's a great question because I think in tthey future we'll have to fill out a little bit for you to give you tthey transparency on tthey impact of large international bulk sales in our ASP because quite frankly, if we pull that out, you'll our ASP going up. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please state your question. Pablo Zuanic Just along tthey same lines in international markets. Can you talk more about tthey stickiness that you're talking about right? Because wtheyn I theyar about shipments to Israel, I wonder you know that buyer ttheyy're good switch to anottheyr supplier next quarter, right. I'm sure ttheyy're going to buy from Colombia yet to regulatory issues but, so I won't understand tthey control that you have of tthey supply chain ttheyre, wtheyttheyr, are ttheyy selling your brand? Do you have your own sales people on tthey ground? Or you're pretty much you are ctheyaper shipping from Canada and ttheyy take control of tthey value chain, because that means that they will not be so sticky. And ttheyn tthey second point, wtheyn you talk about ttheir unique ability to navigate complex regulatory environments and floating from press release. That sounds great, but it's in Germany, wtheyn only 0.1% of population of patients. I wonder, how unique is that really? I mean, I suppose ottheyr companies, as domestic patients grow in Germany will also have that skill set, if you're going to expand on those two points? Thank you, Miguel. Miguel Martin Sure, we are happy to. Israel is unique, and that I've spent a lot of time with that situation. So what you have today in Israel is, you've got roughly a 100 local growers, including growers that are on tthey combusted, and ttheyy hold really an outsized political influence. And tthey situation Israel right now a country of 9 million people in a tremendous hub of all things. Cannabis right now is that locally, ttheyy've not been able to grow tthey quality of cannabis that ttheyy need in that market. And it's a very high margin market. I mean, a 10 gram increment is going for about 360 ttheyykels. So Pablo, what you're referencing is tthey least sticky of all tthey markets. And why is that? Because right now, Canadian LPs and ottheyrs that can meet tthey spec. Now tthey spec is incredibly hard to meet. CUM CS, tthey IMCA, which is tthey regulatory agency in Israel, a very thoughtful agency, led by a wonderful man, name Yuval Anchat, has created what may be one of tthey strictest of not tthey strictest barriers to get into pesticide testing that no one else sees. But if you can meet that standard, you can get your product in and import permits goes through of hot and cold. And because cannabis is so hot right now, ttheyre's not a lot of brands, what I would call equity. With tthey possible exception of a local grower such as maybe InterCure, I'll let you benefit something like that. But ttheyre's not that much stickiness for tthey Canadian LPs because tthey brands haven't developed ttheymselves if you can meet tthey standard, you can get your product in and because ttheyre's such demand, you can get ttheyre. I think over time, Israel will get stickier. I also think over time, tthey local growers who really are wonderful and are getting better each and every quarter, we'll have a larger percentage, if not tthey majority of tthey sales in Israel, which is why we talk a lot about to be successful internationally, you have to diversify your business. In tthey early days, you're going to see quarters like we had ttheir quarter wtheyre we shipped tthey largest shipment ever in Israel. We theyld tthey ottheyr record, too. And we're saying that in tthey quarter we're currently in, we're not going to have a shipment. So it's going to go hot and cold. Now stickiness outside of Israel is absolutely sticky. Getting into Germany is a year-plus challenge, and it requires a significant investment in filings, in packaging and product production and naming conventions, and those clinicians are pretty steady with what ttheyy picked. Australia is anottheyr one. If you have a new SKU in Australia, it takes 6 to 8 months even to get it registered. That's not tthey case in Israel. France is going to be a very sort of thoughtful process. So Israel is unique. Tthey ottheyr markets are absolutely sticky. People cannot get in. And I think if you look at tthey concentration of those companies that are successful, it's tthey same companies, France, U.K., Germany, on and on and on, and ttheyy all have tthey same common elements. History in medical, strong product portfolio, exceptional regulatory excellence and a commitment to a significant amount of investment that takes a couple of years to return, and that's not unlike ottheyr regulated markets and ottheyr categories. So I think Israel is a bit of a one-off, but all tthey ottheyr markets are ttheyre. You also don't see tthey margin degradation as we talked about in ttheyse medical markets because ttheyre is really no incentive to do it. Operator Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Carter with Stifel. Please go atheyad. Andrew Carter I wanted to ask, so you said -- so I guess, instead, I want to ask about tthey Canadian consumer business. You've reiterated tthey positive EBITDA. What does that consumer business have to do? Does it have to stabilize, or conversely, could you just go with a 100% medical focus? And would you be able to -- with some incremental savings and be profitable? Miguel Martin Great question. So right now, as we mentioned, tthey Canadian rec business is completely irrational. You're seeing core SKUs that are selling a significant negative gross margin you're seeing exceptional amount of over inventory and you're seeing a situation like with Quebec right now with tthey vaccine mandate wtheyre you're seeing 16% to 20% drop in sales. So it's a weird market. I talked about tthey 250 LPs that are ttheyre. And so ttheyn tthey question becomes, why stay in it. And I believe, and we were one of tthey first companies who recognize that overall market share was not tthey arbiter of success in tthey Canadian rec business. It's tthey share of tthey profit pool, which is something I was always trained. Tthey issue in exiting tthey rec is that ttheyre are ottheyr ancillary benefits that we opt out. So I want to stay in tthey rec business, albeit at a proper size for a couple of reasons. First, it's going to get ttheyre. It might take 9 or 12 months, but it's not sustainable. And wtheyn that happens, it's going to be for a smaller group of companies, and we're going to be in a really strong position. Secondly, that experience in tthey largest federally regulated rec market is invaluable in ottheyr places, i.e., in tthey Nettheyrlands wtheyre we're going to be going into a rec market ttheyre and at some point in tthey U.S. And ttheyre are a lot of learnings that you only get by staying ttheyre. It's only four years old. We've talked about that. And also wtheyn you think about tthey market potential, ttheyre is going to be a slowing of that legacy market. Right now, tthey legal market represents 53% of sales and tthey legacy market is 47%, that continues to move. And I think with all of that, ttheyre are still some places wtheyre you can find some profitability, premium flower, concentrates, extracts and all those make sense. Tthey ottheyr point is we got efficiencies from being able to share products, share facilities, share regulatory, share genetics and some of that overall fixed overtheyad for our medical business by having at least some of tthey rec business. Now right now, we have roughly a four share of tthey rec business. It's about right. I think share of profit pool is more important. So those are all tthey reasons why you just don't get out of it, but you don't chase unprofitable share, and you don't rent unprofitable share, and you use your resources to spend against growth areas which for us is Canadian medical and, more importantly, international medical. Operator Our next question comes from Frederico Gomes with ATB Capital Markets. Please state your question. Frederico Gomes Thanks for taking my question. I just had a question on your ATM. So you guys finittheyyd tthey quarter with over $200 million in cash. You have one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets in tthey sector. So could you just provide some more color on tthey rationale for raising that much money after quarter end? Do you have any specific use in mind for those proceeds? Is it M&A, or was it more about building that war ctheyst furttheyr? Miguel Martin Sure. Frederico, essentially great question. so just a couple of things. I want to tack a point on to your question. First, I also want to highlight that we also bought back about $20 million, $20.5 million of convertible debt. That was, I think, important for us, and we're going to continue to be opportunistic wtheyn we can do that, we bought it below par and we'll continue to monitor tthey convertible market. Why is that important as you mentioned tthey balance ttheyyet? And as I talked theirtorically, just to go back in time, wtheyn I first got in tthey seat, I thought it was critically important that tthey Company had a proper cash position to really be ttheyre and sort of weattheyr tthey storm of ttheir whole situation. And clearly, we did that. You mentioned tthey specifics of us raising it to over $440 million, and what we've said previously on tthey restate, so it's going to be a bit of an unsatisfying answer for you, Frederico, but I think it will get to it. We consider tthey ATM to be utilized for strategic purposes. We're always looking for deals that are accretive on EBITDA basis. Everything that I'm focused on is tthey sustainability and tthey focus on ttheir being a profitable and sustainably profitable company. And so that EBITDA is always important. And so tthey cash is also looking at significant strategic or operational upside. Ttheir is an important line, and I know people always want to theyar it, but I think it's important for people to theyar from me constantly. We do not expect to use any of tthey cash from our ATM program to pay for tthey day-to-day operational expenses of tthey business. We're in a strong position today to consider strategic M&A. But I think our restraint, particularly as it pertains to tthey U.S. should give shareholders a good indication. I mean tthey valuation of assets that people have purchased in tthey U.S. are a fraction of what ttheyy were a year ago. So we're cautious into that, and we're going to continue to be sensitive to purchase price valuation and always making sure that ttheyre's a strong strategic rationale and any potential target. But things are moving fast. We want to be able to be opportunistic, and that's really why tthey cash position currently. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from John Zamparo with CIBC. Please state your question. John Zamparo I wanted to ask about tthey new science program and your ability to license genetics and IP to ottheyrs. And specifically, have you started monetizing ttheir to date? And if not, wtheyn do you take that might happen? And could you give us a sense of how material that might be for tthey business? Miguel Martin Sure. So John, it's a great question. We have started to monetize it, albeit in a small way, and we expect that to accelerate. So let me give you some specifics around that. First, you saw tthey announcement about our biosynttheytic assets and tthey partnership with Cronos. We're thrilled about that. We believe that we have tthey most efficient pathway as it pertains to biosynttheytics, those IP assets pertain both in tthey plant and outside tthey plant. So ttheyre were -- ttheyre was compensation connected to that. Secondly, we have had some small deals with some smaller craft companies. We announced North 40, which is an extremely well-known high-quality craft grower, which we sold genetics under tthey cultivar named Farm Gas. We utilized that both as a sale as well as a marketing tool, and we're now selling farm gas into tthey San Rafael. We'll continue to announce tthey sale of genetics. We believe we have tthey -- one of tthey largest, if not tthey largest genetics library and many, many people are looking for high-quality, high-potency genetics, and so we'll continue to do that in a variety of different ways, and I think you'll see that. We also have tthey ability through our facilities to grow for ottheyrs and economic scale, and so we'll continue to do that. So tthey short answer is we've had a couple of deals. If you look at ottheyr folks and you look at tthey people that we brought on to staff up OCO, ttheyy come from ottheyr categories wtheyre it's clearly a relevant and material piece of ttheyir overall financial profile. And clearly, tthey margins are -- will be significant given that we've already made all those investments. So that's wtheyre we are today, a lot more to evolve. We'll continue to announce deals, both large and small as ttheyy come out. But genetics will be a big piece. Tthey only thing tthey ottheyr piece I'll add to that, John, is ttheyre is a misconception, let me say, amongst growers and LPs, both domestically and internationally, that you cannot protect or own tthey genetics around, in particular, cultivar. That's completely untrue. And so we are licensing unique genetic markers of ttheyse cultivars that we develop, and we are able to identify those that are infringing upon that. And clearly, tthey law is very clear on ttheir issue, and we'll have a very strong case. You'll start to see litigation around that as well as those that we believe have infringed on some of our biosynttheytic assets, and that's also an additional revenue stream for tthey Company. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. Please state your question. Tamy Ctheyn I was just wondering, at one question on tthey consumer business. Your volumes, I think tthey press release said was down 18% sequentially. And I'm just thinking back, I think tthey last two, maybe three quarters, your consumer business was holding in decently. So I was just wondering if you could elaborate on what drove tthey 18% sequential decline in volume? Miguel Martin So Tamy, I think tthey simple answer is we're not going to chase. You're seeing an acceleration of irrational pricing, particularly on discount flower, and we've made tthey determination that we're going to get out of certain categories that don't make sense and lose money, and we're also not going to chase. So if you look at tthey ASP, and I know you follow all that, and you can see your body day or theyadset data, tthey average pricing, you've seen that dramatic decline across some key categories, particularly in tthey value segment. And so again, overall market share is not as much of a focus for us. So we're going to really spend most of our time in looking at those categories that are problem wtheyre ttheyre's margin, but wtheyre we see certain categories wtheyre it's single digit or in certain provinces like Ontario wtheyre you see negative margins, you're not going to get ttheyre. And because that accelerated in tthey quarter, and we didn't chase that's why you'll continue to see that. Listen, if people want us to sell a lot of cannabis and lose more, I think we're tthey wrong company. I'm not saying that's what ottheyrs are doing, but it is going to take a bit longer for ttheyse inventories to rightsize, and in that place, I think you see a lot of folks willing to sell stuff at a significant loss as opposed to just taking it out or giving it away. Glen Ibbott Tammy, I'll just add -- just second to that. I said in prepared remarks at San Raf, I mean in using it as an example of investing in tthey right places. San Raf is quite profitable for us. And we saw an 18% increase in pre-rolls and flower over tthey last two quarters because we launctheyd some nice new cultivars into that. And as Miguel stated in their remarks, we've got a lot of innovation coming, a number of new cultivars under a bunch of different brands and ttheyn profitable category. So we're focused ttheyre wtheyre tthey profit pools are. If that means market share going away, fine, but gross profit is what's going to drive us to profitability overall, and that's our focus. So I think we're trying to get away from that, what's tthey market share and what's happening on tthey revenue side and really focusing on driving in tthey areas -- winning in tthey areas that allow us to be profitable in tthey Canadian consumer market and add that to tthey existing really strong portfolio we've got in tthey medical market and create quite a company theyre. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Mattson with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please state your question. Glenn Mattson Hi. Thanks for taking tthey question. So just building on some of that stuff on consumers. So you talked about why you want to be ttheyre for a variety of reasons or for wtheyn you move into new markets or wtheyre tthey market turns around. But more maybe to tthey one of tthey second parts of Andrew's question was like, can you give us some sense of like how you see that market just kind of shaping up over tthey medium term? I know it's maybe irrational now, but you lay out kind of tthey idea for profitability in fiscal '23, first half in your forecast that you have internally, do you have that segment kind of growing or still shrinking, or what's your general sense for for how long that ttheir continues? Miguel Martin Sure. So Glenn, I think first and foremost, let me highlight tthey critical province for Canadians is Quebec. Ttheyy have a vaccine mandate in order to go in eittheyr an alcohol store or cannabis store and sales in Quebec are down 16% to 20%. Now tthey province is indicated by tthey end of tthey month, some of that stuff will be listed. So tthey current market is continued to be impacted by COVID. And obviously, tthey LPs also have impacts because of labor. Short term is defined by tthey next three to six months. You're seeing an acceleration of pricing downward. You're seeing that in discount flower. You're seeing that in vapor. You're seeing that in a lot of tthey core segments. As Glen mentioned, ttheyre are bright spots, premium flower is holding up and concentrates and resins and rosins and things like that, ttheyre is still decent margin to be made as defined by, I don't know, 35%, 45%. And I think ttheir market given we just went through tthey harvest and a variety of different things, I think you're going to probably see ttheir go on for tthey next 6 to 9 months. And it will only be with tthey absence of capital, which we're starting to see for some of tthey midsized to smaller LPs and with some repricing. But again, 250 LPs, 125 a year ago, that's a bit of a challenge. Ttheyre's really no barriers to entry. Now I would also mention that tthey provinces are making some subs and changes. We've been encouraged by what we've theyard out of tthey interim CEO of tthey OCS, Steve Lobos, Good Guy about wtheyre Ontario is starting to go. We are seeing some acknowledgment about some different aspects on tthey retail side that will create a bit of a theyalthy environment. But until pricing gets normalized, and you're not seeing big brands that have 100 basis points or 200 basis points of sale being sold at a negative margin, I think you're going to be in ttheir irrational sort of situation. So our methodology and I've been really pleased to theyar some of our competitors echo ttheir, that people are going to start to focus on profitability and thoughtfulness. Now why do I hope that any of ttheir is going to turn around because it's not dissimilar to what you saw in California and Colorado in tthey early days. And by all indicators, ttheyy seem to be 18 months atheyad of us. You're seeing brands articulate, brand equity scores go up in those markets. You're seeing premium market shares be much more relevant. You're seeing manufacturers make money, and I know tthey economics are different in tthey U.S. But I think tthey Canadian rec business is going to get ttheyre. It's just too big a business, is growing too much to not get ttheyre. I just think through all of those things plus a greater focus on tthey legacy market, and you're going to see a probability. Tthey point is timing. And I think chasing right now doesn't make any sense. You're seeing market shares move 100 and 200 basis points in a week. I'm used to seeing that move in a quarter. And so in that market, you don't need to be first, you can wait a little bit. And so, we're rightsizing our effort. We're focusing on those things that we can bring to both tthey patient and a rec consumer as well as internationally, and we're going to have our spots. And wtheyn we come out of it, ttheyre'll be a much smaller subset of LPs. Ttheyre'll be much better operators, and ttheyre'll be a really large market wtheyre people can make money. It's just going to take a bit longer than I think some would hope. Operator Thank you. And that's all tthey time we have for questions today. I'll turn tthey floor back to Miguel Martin for closing remarks. Miguel Martin Well, first and foremost, let me thank everybody for taking tthey time and tthey coverage that you provide to our stock. We really appreciate it. We're really pleased with tthey quarter. Once again, we've put a plan out our transformation plan has three key components, which is growth in tthey markets wtheyre we can make money, particularly in medical. We've done that, focus our cost structure on tthey opportunities as ttheyy present itself, and we've done that, raising our guidance on tthey $60 million to $80 million, and three, everything we're doing focused on being sustainably EBITDA positive, and you've seen that progress with tthey 22% compression from last quarter to ttheir quarter. So we really appreciate it. I hope everyone is safe and well, and I look forward to seeing people in person in tthey near future. All tthey best. Operator Thank you. Ttheir concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a good evening.