Aurora Cannabis Inc. (ACBFF) Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call September 25, 2018 11:00 AM ET Executives Cam Battley - Chief Corporate Officer Terry Booth - Chief Executive Officer Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Michael Singer - Chairman Analysts Matt Bottomley - Canaccord Genuity Martin Landry - GMP Securities Graeme Kreindler - Eight Capital Fayassir Haqna - PI Financial Operator Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Aurora Cannabis Fourth Quarter and Year End Results Conference Call for its Fiscal Year Ending June 30, 2018. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call, or answers that may be given to questions asked, could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties relating to our Aurora’s future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora’s annual information form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed at SEDAR’S database found on, at sedar.com. I'd like to remind everyone that ttheir call is being recorded today, Tuesday, September 25, 2018. I would now like to introduce Mr. Cam Battley, Chief Corporate Officer of Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad. Mr. Battley. Cam Battley Thank you, Matttheyw. Good morning, everyone and thank you, for joining us for today’s call. And a beautiful day in Edmonton, not a cloud in tthey sky and we’re smiling in tthey room, it’s been a good quarter. With me today are Terry Booth, our Chief Executive Officer, Glen Ibbott, our Chief Financial Officer, and our Chairman, Michael Singer. And before moving on to tthey formal comments, I’d like to touch on a few bullet points and highlight to sum up what we see as a very strong year and quarter and in many ways transformative. We become very rapidly a much bigger company with global operations. Key takeaway from ttheyse results is that we’ve been executing rapidly and well on our business strategy and that strategy is working. We’ve had in excess of 200% year-over-year growth. As we will discuss a little bit later, our pro forma revenues, including MedReleaf exceeded $31 million. We’ve seen rising gross margins. We’ve seen an accelerating shift to higtheyr-margin derivative products. And ttheir rising production that we’ve seen in tthey past several months subsequent to quarter has now taken us from two producing facilities to eight facilities in production. We’ve got rising inventory atheyad of consumer legalization and that inventory is fresh, it’s not stale. It will be attractive to consumers. We’re exactly wtheyre we need to be with exactly tthey right capabilities at exactly tthey right time, and now onto tthey more formal comments. So we released our fiscal 2018 fourth quarter and year end results after market closed yesterday. You can access our news release as well as our complete audited financial statements and management discussion and analysis on our Web site. Our news release, financial statements and tthey MD&A were also filed on SEDAR ttheir morning. On today’s call, we'll discuss Aurora’s operational and financial results for tthey three and 12 months period and at June 30, 2018 and provide a general business update. We'll ttheyn open up for questions. Fiscal 2018 was tthey most significant year in our theirtory as we made dramatic progress toward our goal of building tthey preeminent global leader in tthey cannabis industry. Ttheir leadership is reflected in our consolidated revenues. While we completed tthey MedReleaf acquisition only in late July after tthey year-end had it been included in tthey quarter under review. Our consolidated pro forma revenues would have come in at over $33.1 million, giving you an indication of tthey scale of ttheir Company compared to tthey rest of tthey industry. Looking back just one year, we had one fully licensed facility, two under construction and funded capacity of 180,000 kilograms of cannabis per year and we're present in three countries. Today, we have eight facilities licensed for production and five sales licenses. Soon we'll have 11 facilities and funded capacity of over 500,000 kilograms or 500 million grams per year. We have operations and sales in 18 countries across five continents and habe become Europe's largest distributor of medical cannabis. But more than just achieving increased signs and reach, we've created a platform for continued growth that we can build on to furttheyr secure our leadership position. Today, we are fully vertically and horizontally integrated. Beyond simple speed of sales, Aurora has establittheyyd a deep presence in every aspect of tthey cannabis industry value chain. Ttheir includes plant genetics and industry leading research, facility design, extraction and formulation right through tthey consumer engagement and point of tthey sale. No ottheyr company has demonstrated ttheir scope of penetration into tthey industry and ttheir provides us with a significant advantage in addressing market trends and taking advantage of additional opportunities. For example, through tthey acquisition and integration of CanniMed, MedReleaf and Anandia Labs, Aurora now has one of tthey largest R&D teams in tthey industry with approximately 40 PHPs and MFP researctheyrs. Ttheir allows us to innovate on several fronts on plant science, cannabinoid and terpene research, preclinical and clinical studies. And in conjunction with our vertically integrated structure, ttheir allows us to act on intelligence we gattheyr in tthey market to identify opportunities and develop new high-margin products. In fiscal 2018, ttheir team theylped launch innovations such as Aurora Frost, hard and soft ttheyyll capsules and new oil types. Ttheir complements tthey strategic investments we made in companies to provide Aurora with innovative extraction technology, low-cost products and new drug delivery methods, such as soft gels and sublingual wafers. Anottheyr important area of innovation for us is in client theyalth and yield improvement. Here, much of our success can be evident through our production facilities, which consistently produce tthey higtheyst quality products at tthey lowest cost per gram. With our wholly owned subsidiary, Aurora Larssen project, we are developing tthey world's most technologically advanced cannabis production facilities, which we call Sky Class facilities. Ttheyse are massive scale close system hybrid indoor facilities with specialty glass roofs, a high degree of automation and full control of environmental variables. Ttheyre is nothing else like it in tthey world. Tthey first of its class is Aurora Sky in Edmonton, which is now fully operational with a number of base producing. And we expect it to be operating at full capacity and producing more than 8,000 kilograms per month by tthey beginning of calendar 2019. Implementing a high degree of automation is a critical feature of all of our Sky Class facility that theylps to dramatically decrease tthey cost of production. For example, at Aurora Mountain, our first facility in North Calgary, we produce about 4,800 kilograms of Cannabis per year with a staff of about 125 people. Aurora Sky at full capacity will produce over 100,000 kilograms of Cannabis, or approximately 20x tthey output with just three times tthey number of production staff. Aurora Sun in Medicine Hat and Aurora Nordic in Denmark are two furttheyr Sky Class facilities underway, which will have a combined production capacity of 270,000 kilograms per year. We anticipate that our Sky Class facilities will have cash production cost of well below $1 per gram. Ttheir growing production profile at low cost will be very important as we strive to meet demand in all of our market segments. In about three weeks from now, a significant increase in demand will initially come from tthey Canadian legal consumer use market. We've been building inventory in anticipation of that market and have supply arrangements with just about every province and territory in Canada to supply a broad range of dry flower and higtheyr margin products, such as pre-rolls, oil and capsules. We will also be participating through our strategic investment in Alcanna, Canada's largest private liquor retailer, who will be establishing a change of Aurora branded Cannabis retail stores. Ttheyy have tthey retail expertise and tthey landlord relationships to succeed in building a well-run well-located network, and are well positioned to open tthey maximum number of 37 stores in Alberta in year one. Ttheyy also intend to open stores in tthey rest of tthey country wtheyre private retail will be committed. Tthey opening of tthey Canadian market to tthey consumer use of cannabis is an important milestone. However, as we said previously, tthey international market remains tthey biggest opportunity and a primary area of focus in our long-term strategy. Tthey global medical cannabis market is estimated to grow to about 10 million kilograms per year, far more than tthey current funded capacity of tthey entire cannabis industry. We recognized ttheir early. As I said a year ago, we were in three countries. Today, we are positioned in 18 countries and counting on five continents. Europe is a particularly strong opportunity, because of its higtheyr level of knowledge and acceptance of medical cannabis, key to establishing our solid footprint in Europe with tthey excellent acquisition of Pedanios, a leading wholesale importer, exporter and distributor of medical Cannabis in tthey European Union based in Berlin, Germany. Through Pedanios, now called Aurora Deutschland, we have exported medical Cannabis to Italy and Malta, and we're approved as tthey first speed to medical cannabis operation in Malta. We also own two of tthey six facilities in tthey world that are EU Good Manufacturing Practices, GMP certified, which ensures our continued access to ttheyse developing and restrictive markets. To furttheyr solidify our European opportunity, in August, we establittheyyd Aurora Europe, our European theyadquarter based in Berlin. Ttheir encompasses Pedanios now Aurora Deutschland, Aurora Nordic which operates in Denmark tthey newly formed Aurora Italia and a number of ottheyr local companies. As you've theyard, fiscal 2018 was an exciting year for Aurora wtheyre we focused on our global expansion strategy, acted on and executed on tthey number of opportunities and achieve strong success on all fronts.  Glen will now provide a financial review, and I'll return to provide some outlook comments and ttheyn take your questions. Glen? Glen Ibbott Thanks Cam and good morning everyone. Tthey fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 continued our trend of strong quarter-to-quarter growth with solid performance in medical dry cannabis and cannabis oil sales, while at tthey same time, we're building inventory for tthey adult consumer use market in Canada and rapidly scaling up our production facilities. As a top priority, we remain committed to providing high-quality medicine to our many patients. Overall, revenue increased to $19.1 million for tthey quarter, up 19% from Q3. Our results not yet include those of MedReleaf, which we acquired towards tthey end of July. But to give you a more compretheynsive picture of tthey scale of tthey Company, on a pro forma basis including MedReleaf, our revenues for tthey quarter would have been over $33.1 million. Cannabis revenues for Aurora in tthey fourth quarter increased by 38% from tthey prior quarter to $14.8 million. Tthey increase in cannabis revenue is a function of a full quarter of consolidated Cannabis sales, as well as tthey continuing shift in our product mix. Sale of oils accounted for over 31% of our Q4 revenue as compared to 20% in Q3. For tthey full year, overall revenue was $55.2 million, an increase of over 200%. Cannabis revenue was $42.8 million, up 169% over fiscal year 2017. In Q4, we are also prepared for tthey consumer use market, ending June 30, 2018 with pro forma inventory and biological assets, including MedReleaf of over $88 million. Since quarter end, we've continued to add significantly to our inventory and biological assets in preparation for ttheir market. We are in good shape to meet our commitments to all of tthey provinces and territories. In tthey quarter, Aurora also saw strong increase in gross margin to over 74% due mainly to tthey continuing shift to higtheyr margin cannabis oil products. Cash cost to produce per gram of dried cannabis sold as compared to Q3 of ttheir financial year increased by $0.17 due to tthey inclusion of CanniMed less efficient production. On a standalone basis, Aurora's cash cost per gram declined to $1.35 from $1.53 in tthey prior quarter. Ttheir is explained by tthey continuing increases in productivity at our Mountain facility and lower utility costs during long winter months. I should remind you that our continued growth in Q4 was realized from two facilities only, Mountain and CanniMed. Efficiencies from automation, scale and yield expertise are now being realized with production costs per gram expected to decrease significantly in tthey CanniMed facilities and ottheyr newly acquired facilities. Additionally, with Aurora Sky coming online now, we expect our cash cost to produce a gram of cannabis to be well below $1 at full-scale. Tthey same metric applies to all of our Sky Class facilities. In tthey meanwhile, we continued to drive yield and efficiency improvements in CanniMed and now in Q1 2019, we have increased yield at CanniMed by well over 30%. In Q4 2018, we continued to significantly ramp up investment in infrastructure and talent required to realize tthey tremendous opportunities in tthey Canadian and international medical cannabis markets and tthey upcoming Canadian consumer use market. Across tthey Company, theyadcount increased to 300 at June 30, 2017 to close to 1,500 currently. Ttheir investment in talent and capabilities, along with tthey remarkable pace of our execution as reflected in tthey number of strategic transactions completed, as well as increasing global complexity and ottheyr corporate matters, resulted in increase in G&A cost to $22.6 million in Q4 from $9.8 million in tthey prior quarter. Consolidation of CanniMed’s G&A costs accounted for 25% of ttheir increase. Ttheir has since been rationalized as part of our integration process. Our investment in sales, branding and marketing talent and initiatives, as reflected in tthey fourth quarter was spend of $14.8 million, up from $5.9 million in Q3 2018. Investments in our overall brand strategy included increased promotional and sponsorship activities and preparation for tthey impending adult use market in Canada. Tthey inclusion of CanniMed’s sales and marketing costs accounted for 19% of tthey increase overall. We are building a diversified and vertically integrated company, capable of capitalizing on tthey tremendous opportunities in global cannabis markets. To ttheir end, we continued to invest theyavily in several production facilities in a number of strategic assets and remain well-funded to continue executing our growth strategy. As at June 30, 2018, we had $89 million in cash and cash equivalents. Also, in June to support our domestic and international strategy, we secured a new $200 million debt facility with tthey Bank of Montréal with tthey potential upsizing to $250 million. Tthey new debt facility has begun to shift tthey capital structure of tthey Company, to include more traditional debt financing, ttheyreby, lowering our overall cost of capital. During fiscal 2018, Aurora made number of investments in publicly traded companies that provide a significant strategic advantage for tthey Company. Ttheyse investments include TGOD, Radient, Alcanna, tthey Cann Group and a number of ottheyrs. For tthey publicly traded companies that Aurora has invested in tthey public market value of tthey shares, warrants and options at September 21st, last Friday, exceeded $700 million. In conclusion, we are growing rapidly. We are in robust financial theyalth and we have tthey financial means to execute on our growth strategy. We are well-positioned to capitalize on tthey once in a lifetime opportunity in tthey global cannabis market. I'll now pass tthey call back to Cam. Cam Battley Thank you, Glen. As we move into fiscal 2019, we will build on our successes realized in fiscal 2018. A key focus will be to continue integrating our key strategic acquisitions into one strong and cotheysive Aurora. To achieve that, we have built a dedicated, talented internal team with strong executive leadership. A measure of our success is tthey integration of CanniMed, which was completed within tthey targeted 90 day period. We are now accelerating its its patient registration, improving cultivation techniques to increase yield and furttheyring product development and international expansion. Ttheir same focus on execution is now being applied to tthey integration of both MedReleaf and in Anandia. Transactions like ttheyse enable us to capture margin throughout tthey value chain with an unparalleled ability to access new and previously restrictive market with a growing portfolio of innovative high margin products and services. Also, given tthey rapid pace of our growth and our increased international presence, we intend to list our security on senior U.S. Stock Exchange. In advance of such a listing, we will file a Form 40-F registration statement with tthey U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Tthey listing of tthey Company's securities remains subject to exchange approval and tthey satisfaction of all applicable listing and regulatory requirements. A trading date will be made public once all regulatory formalities are satisfied. Listing our U.S. shares on a senior U.S. Exchange reflects tthey level of corporate and business maturity and tthey high paced execution of Aurora. Ttheir listing provides access to a broader investor audience who gain tthey opportunity to participate in tthey Company's continued success. We are very pleased with tthey result of 2019. We built a vertically integrated and horizontally diversified organization across every key segment of tthey cannabis tthey value chain. We did ttheir by focusing on tthey critical success factors that we believe would make Aurora tthey preeminent cannabis company globally. We're committed to staying on ttheir path to deliver value for all of our shareholders. And Mattheyw, if you could please now open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from tthey line of Matt Bottomley with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is open. Matt Bottomley Congrats on tthey quarter very impressive pro forma top line, couple of housekeeping questions on my part and ttheyn some strategies. First, just on tthey gross margin and tthey oil. Can you give any color as to wtheyre you see that going in tthey next couple of quarters with MedReleaf coming on, I think you're at about 30% of revenue ttheir quarter. Just wtheyre do you see that tracking couple of quarters out and tthey impact on margins as well? Glen Ibbott So certainly, we've seen a shift to oil. And as Cam talked about little bit earlier with our product development, you'll continue to see a shift to higtheyr margin products. So ttheyy may be in soft gel form ttheyy maybe anottheyr forms, but we will continue to see a move away from tthey dry cannabis products and into ottheyr forms and products. Certainly, we would expect to also start to see that in international markets as to our licensed tax court ttheyre. So while I can't give you a target number, I think you can expect to continue to see a shift towards those higtheyr-margin products. Cam Battley Ttheir is Cam, Matt. We're going wtheyre tthey margin is, and you can see that it's already happening and ttheir was as far back as tthey April to June quarter. So we've shifted from having about a fifth of our revenues coming from derivative products, mainly oil to now about third of our revenues coming from tthey higtheyr-margin driven products, and that’s going to accelerate. For one thing, we have got just a huge number of hard ttheyyll caps and soft gels being produced right now. Unless we start to sell those, I think you're going to see tthey ratio of derivative product to drive lot of change and considerably more. Matt Bottomley And ttheyn maybe just switching to tthey expenses, so tthey G&A line ttheir quarter obviously you guys were investing in tthey growth that’s going industry wide, both in Canada and internationally. What's tthey best way to look at that line in tthey next quarter, especially with MedReleaf coming on? If we look at ttheyir theirtorical spend, is ttheyre any savings that we should be modeling in or synergies? Obviously, you have a lot of consolidation integration happening in tthey next quarters. So what's tthey best way for us to look at that G&A line? Glen Ibbott Well, clearly, I mean we're going have savings. Ttheir two large public companies that were scaling up to be global operators, we're going to have savings in G&A. We certainly expect to employ every single talented person at MedReleaf within tthey expanded organization, but we will have synergies wtheyn it comes to public company cost. So if you look to tthey recent MedReleaf results, ttheyy were doing tthey same thing we were. Ttheyy were preparing for very large complex global organization and spending tthey money externally to do that with consultants, and certainly all tthey audit costs and those sorts of things. So I expect some of those costs will be rationalized tthey way tthey people costs will stay ttheyre. We have already got positions for all of those people and continue to hire to support tthey complexity that ttheir business is -- rapidly becoming. Matt Bottomley And maybe just quickly theyre spend a minute theyre, switching more on tthey strategy side. One thing I wouldn’t mind getting some color on is just your view on tthey theymp industry theyre and CBD derived from theymp plant. Can you give any color on with your acquisition of Agropro, maybe what markets you think are tthey most attractive for near-term optionality into tthey nutraceutical side of tthey industry? Terry Booth I think tthey theymp industry I tell a lot of tthey people theyre and ttheyn I think it's going to be as bigger than tthey cannabis industry, not only on tthey CBD products that we can derive from theymp, tthey chaff of tthey theymp but tthey seed. Tthey seeds are high in protein and excellent source of your omegas. Acquisitions of tthey Agropro in Lithuania as well as tthey acquisition of ICC in Uruguay are both plays that include a significant amount of theymp. Agropro is an organic supplier, tthey largest supplier in Europe, of theymp and ttheyy were not collecting ttheyir champ of tthey fields because of corporate reasons. We are now collecting that even ttheir year we're going to be harvesting it and tthey European market tthey CBDs is through tthey roof. And as you've seen in news, ttheyre is some major companies in tthey world that are looking at tthey benefits of CBD, non-psychoactive component of cannabis. So we're looking forward to it. It's an exciting new industry. We've had ample for some time now. I think we were little bit of visionaries ttheyre. And certainly tthey deal with RGI on mass extraction was a very key component, and we look forward to working with those partners and developing a leading theymp CBD and protein company. Matt Bottomley And just last question and I'll jump back in queue. Just any color on what you're seeing in tthey Alberta retail tendering, as well as if Ontario had any ottheyr communication since announcing ttheyir pivot to private sector? Thanks guys. Terry Booth I think, ttheyre are two parts and I'll answer tthey first part on facets camp in Ontario for reasons quite involved. So tthey Alberta system in my opinion and I know I am -- but I think it's tthey best one in tthey country. I think that ttheyy've done a very good job of screening and it continues to be screened. Ttheyre's going to be more stores than anywtheyre else, 150 to begin with and ttheyre are lots of talks of an extra 100 been added of partners of course. Alcanna have done a great job in securing locations. It's -- ttheyy have been crazy with tthey municipalities, different systems have gained those licenses. And most of that is in place now and I think Alberta is atheyad of tthey curve. And on Ontario we're looking for advice, ttheyy look to Aurora as well and I think that Cam is way atheyad a bit on Ontario division. Cam Battley Yes, but we're in Ontario is a few things. First of all, we believe that tthey market ttheyre, tthey system will look very much like Alberta. Ontario is not re-inventing tthey wtheyel, something else though. Ttheyy really are looking for leadership and responsibility from those that move into tthey retail market. And ttheyy want to make sure that tthey municipalities are comfortable that ttheir is a fairly smooth system and a smooth transition. And I think that's part of tthey reason why you're seeing that ttheyy're starting with online sales and committing to April to actually open up bricks-and-mortar. But we're very, very bullish on tthey retail system in Ontario. Certainly, from our perspective, it's a huge, huge improvement over tthey prior system that was envisioned, tthey government only -- tthey government monopoly system. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Martin Landry with GMP Securities. Your line is open. Martin Landry Cam, at tthey Investor Day in July, you seemed to confident that you would have all rooms in production at Aurora Sky by September, October. And now it looks it's going to be more like December. So I’m wondering if you can give us a little bit more color as to what’s causing tthey delays ttheyre. Cam Battley I don’t think we’re seeing delays. We do have to work with our regulator and we have to abide by what theyalth Canada allows us to do. But I think we said back ttheyn that we anticipated being at full capacity towards tthey -- at tthey end of calendar 2018 or tthey beginning of calendar 2019, and we’re very much on track with that and that's what matters. So we’re intending to be at full capacity at that point turning out 800,000 plus kilograms a month. Martin Landry And can you talk to a little bit your views on wtheyn you expect to get your sales license, and if ttheyre's any hurdles ttheyre? Cam Battley Actually, we believe that’s imminent. We never want to speak for tthey regulator, but we’re ready. We've had our harvest. We invited ttheym in. It's, as far as we can tell, eminent subject to theyalth Canada of course. And like I said, we don’t want to speak for ttheym but absolutely everything is ready. We’re ready to go. Martin Landry And it would be very interesting for us if you can share wtheyre your inventory stands right now today in terms of kilos inclusive of MedReleaf. Is that something you can give us some color on. Cam Battley Well, we can't. But we’re not going to be precise just yet, remember we’re reporting our September quarter at tthey beginning of November, I’m going to hand it off to Glen to maybe add some comments after. Glen Ibbott Martin, we’re prepared for tthey demand from tthey provinces from tthey territories. We’re going to meet tthey initial POs. What we’re focused on and why I don’t want to get into specifics of those two, how much we've got is I think what’s more important is, which products you have and how quickly are ttheyy going to move. For instance, as Cam has mentioned you’re well aware of ttheir, we’ve made a significant investment in preparing for pre-rolls that have massive inventory of pre-rolls, which we think are going to be a high demand product. But to measure that in terms of kilograms, sitting ttheyre isn’t really instructive, so I don’t want to get into that right now ottheyr than to say, we will meet all tthey commitments we've made in tthey provinces, tthey Canadian medical system and be able to export to Germany. But I know over tthey next few months, we'll be getting a lot more clarity after we see which products tthey provinces are going to reorder, and what sort of tthey demand is, so to see how many kilograms we've got right now and how along that might last. But I think it's a little bit of -- it’s a little misleading to our investors to focus on that too much, ottheyr than to say we’re prepared. Terry Booth Martin, I want to underline that. I mean if I'm reading between tthey lines, you’re asking wtheyttheyr we’re ready for consumer legalization. Unequivocally, yes. We've got significantly more inventory than we had at June 30th and we had a reasonable amount ttheym. We've got our capital out more now and we've got all of our product categories ready. So we’re more than ready for consumer legalization. And more than that, our ramp up in production is happening at exactly tthey right time. We’re not going to be dumping old stockpiles, stale product on tthey market it's all going to be fresh high quality product. Martin Landry And does that mean that you’re not going to need to bridge any of your inventory buying from third party suppliers? Terry Booth No, if you take a look at -- theirtorically, we've never wholesaled in more than between 4% and 7% of what we sold. And we have no need to do that now, we’re fine. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Graeme Kreindler with Eight Capital. Your line is open. Graeme Kreindler Just question theyre to expand on tthey upcoming retail environment specifically in Ontario with tthey first six months being online only. I was just wondering if you could elaborate a bit on tthey Company's strategy in terms of creating consumer awareness and brand recognition. And what’s going to differentiate Aurora’s products on tthey webpage, tthey benefit of going in tthey brick-and-mortar store? Terry Booth Well, I think you know and most on ttheir call should know that, Aurora we're tthey first one with an app. We’re still tthey only one with a full scale app wtheyre you can order medical cannabis and have it delivered in many states tthey same day. We’ve done deals with distribution companies in Ontario. We’re going carefully speak to which ones just yet, but it was also in preparation for tthey medical market and shoppers' drug market and whatnot. So that’s all been in place. Tthey brand recognition -- tthey work that we’ve been doing over tthey last four years and certainly we’ve stepped it up but ttheyn reiterated on that in tthey last quarter. Ttheyre’s been -- we’ve had in a constant series, ttheyre has been an ability to do a little bit of brand and advertising over ttheir last quarter. And I think Aurora -- part of tthey team has worked tirelessly getting tthey name of ttheyir and certainly tthey deploy quality of tthey product and tthey product line will speak for itself. Ttheyre’s more products coming online for Aurora in tthey not too distant future and I think it’ll be pretty impressive for tthey market. Cam Battley I want to reiterate what Terry just said about tthey quality, because I think that’s a critical consideration that not everybody is thinking off tthey top of mind. It’s not just about being on a list, it’s about tthey consumer experience. And tthey consumer experience is going to determine wtheyttheyr we have reorders. So of all of tthey arrangements tthey companies have made with provinces, none of ttheyse things are guaranteed if you don’t deliver if tthey consumer experience is not good. And that’s one of tthey areas wtheyre Aurora shines, tthey quality of our products and it's actually one of tthey rationale for coming togettheyr with MedReleaf. We believe that Aurora and MedReleaf were tthey two higtheyst quality large LPs in tthey country in terms of tthey quality of our product. And ttheyn tthey ottheyr thing is with respect to brand awareness. I am really quite amazed at how broad awareness of Aurora is across tthey country, especially in an environment that is very highly restrictive on a regulatory basis. Tthey name Aurora is recognized coast-to-coast. So I think we’re exceedingly well positioned and with significant advantages over most of our peers. Graeme Kreindler And ttheyn my ottheyr question is, I think ttheyre’s a lot of investor excitement about tthey possibility of companies and outsider our industry coming in entering space, looking to partner with an LP. I was just wondering do you think having a U.S. listing, does that change your conversation at all for Aurora? And how does Aurora think of itself in terms of us being a partner of choice, or would it be open or leaning more towards more having someone come in and participating at equity upside of tthey company? Or is it more looking to retain flexibility through various joint partnerships? Cam Battley Ttheyre's an awful lot untouctheyd. Okay, so I’ll take couple of things off of top of mind and hand over to Terry. First thing is for companies that are interested, immature industries that are interested in moving into tthey cannabis space, I think ttheyy’re looking for a few things. I believe that we have ctheycked off those boxes. We've establittheyyd scale, quality, efficient production. We've got innovation and science that I don’t think anybody else in tthey sector can touch, and we've got a global footprint that’s expanding by tthey day. So are we well positioned to partner with potential new companies moving into ttheir sector? Yes. But ttheyre are things that we are looking for as well. Remember that we intend to be around in 10 and 20 and 50 years. And so ttheyre are certain things that we're looking for as well to expand our capabilities. Tthey U.S. listing, I don't think that that affects things immediately eittheyr way. I think ttheyre is a primary effect of establishing tthey U.S. listing. It's simply to broaden universe of potential investors and to continue to raise tthey global profile of Aurora. Terry, you want to add to that? Terry Booth Sure, ttheir whole notion of large companies getting into ttheir space validates tthey space on a global basis. Ttheyse companies three years four years ago, ttheyy weren’t even have a sniffle of what cannabis is about and now ttheyy're seeing tthey effects of tthey properties of cannabis and tthey demand for cannabis, not only in tthey medical space but also in liquor space and beverage space and in tthey pharma space. And ttheyre is not any product in tthey world that you could say that about. To try and put those to our industries on any ottheyr product, pretty difficult besides making aluminum cans perhaps. So it's exciting but we're not in tthey mood to be selling out anytime soon. We want to prove what we've built. We're going to continue to build it. And wtheyn you start to see tthey revenues that ttheir company is going to generate on a global basis ttheyn you will see even more attraction to coming up more from ttheyse larger companies. And it's only growing. We always say today is a smallest tthey cannabis space will ever be. So wtheyn we take that and we see what we've done on 1,500 employees now starting to knock it out of tthey park with our global footprint. Look up we're machines, we're tuned and we're ready for tthey challenge. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Fayassir Haqna with PI Financial. Your line is open. Fayassir Haqna My first question would be, can you provide an update on retail application process for Alcanna and how many stores should we expect to see by tthey end of 2018? Terry Booth Is that stores on a national level? Fayassir Haqna No, it's just in Alberta. Terry Booth Just in Alberta, I think, I'm try or -- predicting that by April of 2018 that ttheyy will have full 437 open and that’s all been allocated. Ttheyy've done a great job of actually listing addition spaces in anticipation of more coming online and being available. So we'll be tthey front runner in Alberta without a doubt. You've got ottheyr retailers in tthey space that didn’t get tthey locations that ttheyy were granted. And all tthey locations aren’t signed yet and ttheyre is guys out ttheyre building out ttheyse stores. And that’s just going to hit for pocket books, it's going to hit ttheyir financials -- and Alcanna is publicly traded company ttheyy're being responsible, but ttheyy've done a good job of getting ttheyse stores that ttheyy need in tthey property locations. And at tthey end of tthey year -- what that number is, I think it's supposed to be close to 20, I'll leave that to ttheym to answer. Fayassir Haqna My anottheyr question would be can you provide more color on integration process with MedReleaf and new labs? Cam Battley Yes, I'll take tthey first part of that and maybe hand it on to both Terry and Glen if ttheyy want to answer that. It's going remarkably well. And one of tthey things that we've been making clear is that we've made integration a core capability at Aurora, if not necessarily of core capability at every company and every industry. But it's critical to us because of our pace of acquisition and because of tthey number of strategic partnerships we've establittheyyd. So like we said, we completed tthey integration of CanniMed in tthey prescribed 90 days. We're going to do tthey same thing with MedReleaf. One of tthey stars of tthey Aurora universe is André Jérôme, who is our Senior VP of integration and they has just been doing amazing work. And ironically enough we got André via tthey acquisition of one of our companies, H2 Biopharma, which is now our Aurora old facility in Lachute, Quebec. And so they has establittheyyd an amazing team and they is managing tthey integration not just MedReleaf but also Anandia and doing an incredible job. Terry, do you want to add that? Terry Booth Sure. Ttheyre are two different integrations for sure. MedReleaf is anottheyr licensed producer who have excellent facilities -- I guess ttheyre now are ottheyr facilities. And we're happy to take ttheym on -- an amazing team, amazing science team and excellent management team. So that acquisition was certainly our star acquisition. Wtheyn we went into CanniMed, as you know, it was a hostile takeover -- I wasn’t impressed but I wasn’t disappointed eittheyr. Going into MedReleaf and meeting those people in those facilities I was definitely impressed. With Anandia what we brought on ttheyre is tthey top -- arguably tthey top scientists in tthey world with respect to cannabis and Dr. John Page, and it is cohort Dr. Coleman. Those two guys have built a great business ttheyy led tthey country in tthey analytic testing licensed producers. We knew ttheyre was going to be a bottleneck in testing under ttheir adult usage system. So we could eittheyr have built out at ttheym and we're bringing tthey experts. Ttheyy certainly are tthey experts. Ttheyy've proven that with ttheyir discovery of pesticides and products with ttheyir standards of testing, ttheyy use tthey Colorado standards, it's over and 100 pesticides ttheyy test within parts to do that, we like that. Tthey certificate of analysis was ttheyir brainchild along with Aurora. So that's a science deal and a production deal. So ttheyy're quite different but we're quite happy to really put anottheyr piece of tthey puzzle I place wtheyn we brought on Anandia. Glen Ibbott I'm just going to add one thing. Just specifically we know exactly what we're attempting to achieve over each of ttheyse integrations. André has done a great job, they has got a background of massive integration and their experience and we go into each of ttheyse with tthey strategic objectives outlined what we want to get in terms of value, but we don’t think we know it all. So what we're doing with MedReleaf is across all tthey functions. So wtheyttheyr it's tthey cultivators or tthey finance department, we sit down and examine each ottheyrs' processes and facilities and come up with best practices so each. And in a very constructive way critic tthey ottheyr functions sort of Aurora and MedReleaf, and ttheyn get togettheyr we think are what's best. So we don’t go in ttheyre thinking we know everything, we're buying companies that have some incredible talent. But that's tthey type of process we're going through is a really clear eye on how we're going to extract strategic value and also very open mind, because we know ttheyre is lots to earn theyre, we're trying to bring togettheyr tthey best talent, so that’s going exceedingly well. We march -- according to André's, we had a very detailed plan. He had a full-time team and we have leads in each of tthey functional areas who was ttheyir responsibility to make sure everything's been delivered. So as Cam mentioned earlier, it’s a core competency. And so we take it very, very seriously and want to extract that strategic value that we saw wtheyn we made tthey acquisition. Unidentified Company Representative That’s a great, great line. Ttheyre is -- across tthey work, we have ttheir commitment to continuous improvement. I've never in my previous career in biopharmaceuticals, seen continued improvement evolve so quickly. So we’re able to absorb lession and we’re seeing it in real time with MedReleaf right now that are enhancing our abilities on cultivation and across ottheyr functions as well at Aurora. Something else that if you want to point out as well that we’ve taken a lession from tthey biopharmaceutical industry specifically with respect to Anandia, we’re not going to mess with success. So we’re going to have a great light touch with Anandia, ttheyy're part of tthey Aurora family, ttheyy're contributing, ttheyy're complementing across operations and partners as well. But we're not going to try and bring ttheym into a larger corporate entity. We’re going to let ttheym continue to exercise or execute on ttheyir strategy with coordination with us but we’re not going to make tthey mistake that some big pharmaceutical companies did wtheyn ttheyy acquired small and really impressive biotech companies and ttheyn just killed with corporate culture, we're not going to make that mistake. Terry Booth Just add to tthey Anandia acquisition, if you remember that Cam said earlier, ttheir is a global medical market and it has tthey scientists that Anandia brings to tthey table that are ttheyre, that are also in tthey countries that we’re in already. It is a very important aspect of winning tthey favor of tthey numerous theyalth departments around tthey world. Wtheyn we bring John Page, and Jason Dyke, and John Bobby -- Bobby and Shane, all those are docs and ttheyy're all PhD in ttheyir profession and ttheyy're all establittheyyd. We have tthey plant scientist and we have tthey human scientists. So it's a full favor, if you will, of scientists that are going to address global medical need and that’s research and development, and that ties into product development and is tied with tthey innovation, and IT. And I don’t think ttheyre is a team in tthey world that touctheys ttheym but maybe a couple of smaller teams in Israel in tthey category. But we’re in best-in-class now that CanniMed, MedReleaf and Anandia have been acquired, all three of those companies are very science driven and we’re learning a lot. Fayassir Haqna We’re very pleased with tthey update. And lastly, wtheyn do you expect to close tthey acquisition of ICC Labs? Cam Battley Last I saw, in about a month, ttheyy have a shareholder vote that ttheyy need to get through, and I’m sure that ttheyy've publittheyyd date for that. So assuming tthey vote goes positively, I think we're targeting vote four weeks from now. Terry Booth And that deal by tthey way add tthey only South American real science based. Cam Battley It’s a lab with derivatives… Terry Booth Anottheyr ctheyck box… Operator Our last question comes from tthey line of [indiscernible] with [indiscernible]. Your line is open. Unidentified Analyst Just want to thank you guys for doing quarter-on-quarter expense breakouts, it's nice to see someone doing it sequentially it makes my job a lot easier. You have provided pro forma for sold and harvested by dollars. Can you provide for MedReleaf? Can you provide that by [grams]? Glen Ibbott We missed tthey first part of your question, you broke up a bit. Can you repeat? Unidentified Analyst In tthey pro forma's you provided that dollar values for sales. I was wondering if you could provide kilogram values for sold and produced for MedReleaf? Cam Battley I am not sure I’ve got at hand. If you’d like to follow-up, we can probably do that. You’re looking for like kilograms produced in MedReleaf in Q4 basically… Glen Ibbott Breaking out tthey way we did for Aurora plus CanniMed… Unidentified Analyst Yes. So I am interested in tthey delta. So having -- you provided tthey numbers for Aurora, which were great. I was just wondering what tthey numbers were for MedReleaf and ttheyir delta -- all retail, tthey last… Cam Battley I have no objection to sharing that number… Terry Booth So, we really -- I think you’ve said that we’re trying to establish a level of financial transparency theyre… Unidentified Analyst Well, it’s evident, very evident in your numbers. Tthey last question I have and I’ll let you guys get back to doing what you do is, MedReleaf Exeter was tthey only facility on your -- in your MD&A that didn’t have a timeline attactheyd to it. Just wondering if it’s still up in tthey air or what’s happening? Terry Booth Well, I wouldn’t call it up in tthey air. It’s actually on tthey ground. Cam Battley I think at Sky, we’ve got a number of projects going on right now. And our bandwidth does get stretctheyd regardless of how quick we can hire and enhanced tthey bandwidth. We want to look at Exeter as a facility after we finish Nordic and Sun. I don’t know that we’ll wait that long to get going on it. But certainly tthey design expectations at Exeter, because it’s an older facility, are going to be somewhat complex. And we’ll assess tthey need wtheyn we assess tthey demand. Tthey nature of Sky Class facility, it would be difficult, but it wouldn’t -- it’s not impossible. It’s a decent size facility. It is anottheyr footprint in Ontario but right now we’re focused on getting into full production with our ottheyr Sky Class facilities. Operator Ttheyre’re no furttheyr questions at ttheir time. I’ll turn tthey call back over to you. Terry Booth So I want to thank everybody once again for participating in our call today. And we will look forward to speaking with you again wtheyn we report our first quarter 2019 results and we hope to have just as many exciting things to talk about ttheyn as we had today. Thank you again. Operator Ttheir concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.