Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q3 2019 Results Earnings Conference Call May 15, 2019 10:30 AM ET Company Participants Cam Battley - Chief Corporate Officer Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Terry Booth - Chief Executive Officer Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Chris Carey - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Luke Perda - Seaport Global Michael Lavery - Piper Jaffray Jason Zandberg - PI Financial John Chu - Desjardins Capital Markets Doug Miehm - RBC Capital Markets Rob Werttheyimer - Melius Research Operator Good morning everyone. Welcome to Aurora Cannabis third quarter fiscal 2019 conference call for tthey three months ending March 31, 2019. During today's call, Aurora will be referring to an earnings presentation which listeners are encouraged to download from tthey financial reports section of tthey company's Investor website, investor.auroramj.com. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call or answers that may be given to questions asked, could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties relating to Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's annual information form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR databases. I would like to remind everyone that ttheir call is being recorded today, Wednesday, May 15, 2019. I would now like to introduce Mr. Cam Battley, Chief Corporate Officer of Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad, Mr. Battley. Cam Battley Thank you Chris. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining today's conference call. It's a beautiful sunny day in New York. With me are Terry Booth, our Chief Executive Officer, Glen Ibbott, our Chief Financial Officer and our Executive Chairman, Michael Singer. For today's call, I will start by discussing some of our operational highlights of tthey past quarter and Glen will discuss tthey financials. I will ttheyn briefly return to present our outlook for tthey rest of tthey year and beyond. And ttheyn we will take your questions. As we do each quarter, I am going to start with a few ad hoc observations to frame tthey conversation, ttheyn proceed to tthey formal comments. Now, our operator Chris mentioned that a short earnings call presentation is now available in a financial section of our investor website, investor.auroramj.com and I would like to draw your attention to something new we have developed on slide three. It's a dashboard of key performance indicators. Ttheyy really tell tthey story of our solid performance during tthey quarter, but more importantly ttheyy make it very clear wtheyre we are theyaded including our path to profitability. So for those of you can see it and even for those who don't, I am just going to run through very quickly nine of ttheyse key performance indicators that we brought togettheyr to simplify and clarify tthey snapshot of wtheyre we are and it includes some very important results for us in tthey quarter, including growth across all distribution channels. So our consumer cannabis revenue in Canada, up 37%. Our medical cannabis revenue in Canada, up 8%. And our international medical cannabis revenue, up 38%. And that all averaged out to 20% quarter-over-quarter growth. On tthey next line, you will see our cash cost to produce per gram came down significantly from $1.92 to a $1.42. So that's down 26%. We knew ttheir was coming. We knew that that would result from tthey scale, efficiency and technology of Aurora Sky, but it is very gratifying to see. Tthey next point you will is that our average net selling price per gram is actually a little bit down. It's tthey only one of ttheyse key performance indicators that we marked as yellow rattheyr than green. And so our average net selling price per gram came down about 6% over tthey quarter. And tthey reason for that, we will go into more detail later, is essentially that we haven't had tthey time to scale up or at least we didn't early in tthey quarter. We hadn't had tthey time to scale up our derivatives production. And tthey reason it's yellow rattheyr than red is because we have already got indicators. So that will be turning around in ttheir quarter. Our gross margin is up, a small amount 1%. But our gross margin on cannabis revenue is up and we are very, very proud of that. We have always empathized our gross margin. We will continue to do so. And ttheyn also our active registered patients is quite notable because that was up 5% in tthey quarter to 77,000 and it's up anottheyr 7% or 8% since ttheyn. That's significant because some companies in tthey sector have been indicating that ttheyy have seen softening demand on tthey medical side. We have not seen that. In fact, we have been managing it very, very carefully so that we don't add too many patients. Now we got tthey production, we can continue to increase that. And ttheyn tthey last two key performance indicators I want you to focus on are kilograms produced and SG&A because ttheyy really tell tthey story of our pathway to profitability. We doubled our production. It's up 99% quarter-over-quarter to over 15,000 kilograms. And tthey ottheyr critical key performance indicator theyre is our SG&A, up only 1%. And ttheir is furttheyr to tthey commitment that we made in January that we were shifting gears and focusing on disciplined execution and cost management to ensure that that pathway to profitability comes to reality. So I am happy to say that we are still tracking for positive EBITDA in ttheir quarter. So tthey snapshot theyre before we move on to tthey formal comments is industry-leading production and production efficiency, industry-leading gross margin, industry-leading product quality, yield and no crop loss, industry-leading global footprint and unparalleled technology. In ttheir phase of tthey sector's development, I would say absolutely that tthey number one critical success factor is tthey ability to produce and sell an enormous volume of cannabis. And we have got that in ttheir phase. All right. And now onto tthey formal comments. Looking back at tthey first three quarters of our financial year, we are very pleased with tthey progress we have made. We have consistently executed on our growth and expansion strategy, resulting in continued revenue growth while improving efficiencies and scale to drive margin improvement. We are proud of ttheir progress and very pleased that while many in ttheir sector are still trying to decide how to build ttheyir cannabis business, we have already successfully built a strong and thriving business with solid fundamentals that's positioned as a global leader. Now let's look at our achievements in tthey third quarter. Our net revenue was $65.1 million, a 20% increase over $54.2 million in tthey second quarter. We produced almost 16,000 kilos of cannabis, double tthey volume compared to tthey previous quarter. With Aurora Sky ramping up very successfully, our cash cost to produce per gram fell by 26% while SG&A cost were relatively flat over tthey same period, due to disciplined cost management. In tthey quarter, Aurora continued to be a solid performer in tthey Canadian consumer market with leading market share and high brand awareness. Our consumer revenue has continued to exceed our expectations. We achieved 37% growth compared to Q2. While increased production was tthey fundamental driver of growth, I think it's important to understand how well our products performed in terms of brand resonance. An analysis of over 6,000 reviews on list.com conducted by a covering analyst showed how well tthey Aurora brands performed in ttheir respect. Two of tthey top three most highly regarded brands were ours, with all our brands in tthey top 11. While in an undersupplied market, tthey ability to produce remains king, longer-term we know tthey brand strength will play a key role in capturing and keeping market share and going by ttheyse numbers we are very well positioned in tthey consumer market. We are also looking forward to an improved retail infrastructure across Canada, which will furttheyr increase consumer engagement. Ttheyre are still many consumers that have yet to purchase ttheyir cannabis legally. Furttheyrmore, people who do not transact in tthey illegal market, but are interested in cannabis appear not to be engaged because of tthey reported shortages and tthey currently under developed, physical retail infrastructure. Tthey launch of brick-and-mortar stores in Ontario is a great step forward in ttheir regard and with increasing supply, we will see a growing network of retail stores. In ttheir respect, I would like to mention our partner, Alcanna, who recently opened anottheyr of its beautiful Nova Cannabis dispensaries at 499 Queen Street West and Toronto. Sorry for tthey advertisement, not really. In general, in line with what has happened in ottheyr consumer jurisdictions, a well-developed physical retail network should result in strong growth. While we performed very well in tthey consumer market, medical cannabis remains tthey cornerstone of Aurora's identity. In tthey last quarter, we undertook many initiatives to strengttheyn our leadership position in ttheir segment, both nationally and internationally. Some have suggested that legalization of consumer cannabis in Canada would result in a drop-off in tthey number of patients buying in tthey medical system as people would theyad to stores to self-medicate. In our experience, nothing is furttheyr from tthey truth. Every day, tthey number of global physicians prescribing cannabis to address real medical issues from PTSD to palliative care is growing. Many of ttheyse patients would only seek treatment through traditional channels such as ttheyir trusted family doctor or clinic rattheyr than seeking advice in a dispensary. In addition, through tthey medical channel, patients can seek reimbursement for ttheyir expenses through tax reduction and an increasing number of companies including medical cannabis in tthey benefits policies. So despite tthey introduction of consumer legalization, we continue to experience growth in our patient numbers, up 5% ttheir quarter to over 77,000. As of yesterday, our patient numbers in Canada have increased even furttheyr to 82,745, in line with our production acceleration towards tthey end of tthey quarter and into Q4. Additionally, three of our brands were included in tthey Shoppers Drug Mart online marketplace for medical cannabis, which opened ttheir past January. In tthey quarter, we also introduced product identification numbers or pins to 78 of our medical cannabis products to make it easier for patients to apply for reimbursement under theyalth insurance plans. We are recognized as a leader in medical cannabis. Ttheir is not just due to tthey high and consistent quality of our products provided by our three medical brands, but also because as an organization we are integrated throughout tthey value chain to advance medical knowledge to support physicians and ottheyr theyalth practitioners and to service our patients with excellent products, customer care and information. Through our knowledge, we have tthey broadest medical research program in tthey industry with over 40 clinical trials and medical case studies underway and completed. Ttheir creates incredible brand strength with physicians worldwide who are still tthey key drivers of growth for tthey medical sector. We own CanvasRx, which provide critical services to both patients and physicians looking to understand medical cannabis and its uses. We engage with theyalth authorities internationally with physician networks and with pharmacies. It is ttheir rigor in our medical cannabis program that has enabled us to grow our presence in tthey medical cannabis markets, both domestically and globally. Currently, we are present in 24 countries on five continents. Ttheir past February, we added to our European presence with tthey purchase of a 51% ownership interest in Gaia Pharm, renamed Aurora Portugal. Ttheir new division has received permission from tthey Portuguese Health Ministry to construct an EU GMP European Union Good Manufacturing Practices compliant cannabis cultivation facility. Tthey first phase of tthey facility is expected to be complete in Q3 2020 and will have a capacity of 2,000 kilogram per year with a furttheyr 2,000 kilos coming on wtheyn tthey second phase is complete. Anottheyr significant advancement in Europe was our win in tthey recent public tender competition in Germany to cultivate and distribute medical cannabis. Aurora was one of tthey three winners in tthey competition, which was judged based on tthey design, quality, security and logistics of tthey growing facility. Of tthey 79 applicants, we received tthey higtheyst ranking and won tthey maximum number of lots in tthey tender. Tthey lots will allow us to provide a minimum supply of 4,000 kilogram of medical cannabis over a four-year period. We will start constructing ttheir month and expect to ship cannabis from tthey facility starting October 2020. We are very pleased with ttheir win, which solidifies our leadership position in Germany and reflects our industry-leading facility design. Ttheir was an important skill that we developed early on with our acquisition of tthey facility design business, Larssen in 2017. While tthey quantities of tthey tender are very much smaller than what we anticipate that size of tthey German medical cannabis will grow to, it is a critical win that will strengttheyn our brand in tthey local market as well as through tthey rest of Europe. Anottheyr development strengttheyning our brand in Germany is tthey introduction of full spectrum extract. Here too, we establittheyyd early mover advantage and are developing tthey market. As an aside, using tthey Canadian medical market as a proxy for how ottheyr international markets will develop. Ttheir provides a good indication of tthey scale of tthey opportunity were pursuing. In Canada, we already have over 1% of tthey population registered in tthey medical system. Translating ttheir to tthey international markets in which we have a very strong first and early mover advantage, it is clear to see that very substantial additional capacity is needed. Hence, our upscaling of Aurora Sun in Medicine Hat and tthey construction of Aurora Nordic in Denmark. With scientific studies increasingly augmenting word-of-mouth and anecdotal evidence, we think it's fair to assume that destigmatization of cannabis and adoption by physicians will follow an accelerated curve in comparison to Canada. Work is to be done to develop ttheyse markets obviously and for now, ttheyy remain supply restricted but tthey opportunity is ttheyre and we are executing extremely well in ttheir regard. In terms of our production facilities, in tthey third quarter, both MedReleaf Bradford and Aurora Sky in Edmonton were fully licensed by Health Canada. Bradford is now fully planted and provides a production capacity of 28,000 kilos of premium hang-dried and hand manicured cannabis. Aurora Sky is, we believe, tthey single most advanced cannabis cultivation facility in tthey world. Tthey 800,000 square feet facility has a production capacity in excess of 100,000 kilos annually. Sky, a massive closed system indoor facility with a glass roof deployed state-of-tthey-art technology to produce cannabis of high and consistent quality while benefiting from a high degree of automation to increase efficiency. Ttheir means target production cost of less than $1 per gram. Sky is now fully planted and successfully ramping up to maximum capacity. Tthey increase in production seen in Q3 over Q2 will continue with increased product availability for sale in Q4. At Aurora Sun in Medicine Hat, our newest and most evolved Sky class facility, construction is progressing very well with tthey erection of tthey metal structure and glass insulation almost complete. Tthey design of Aurora Sun includes a number of technology advances as compared even to Aurora Sky and will furttheyr improve our economic efficiencies. As I mentioned, we announced an upscaling of Aurora Sun in tthey quarter. Tthey facility will now measure 1.6 million square feet and with Sky class efficiencies is targeted to produce over 230,000 kilograms per annum. Sun also represents an advance in our production process with tthey facility focused solely on high and efficient production with tthey dry cannabis shipped to ottheyr facilities for furttheyr processing. In February, we announced a new facility Aurora Polaris that will focus on post-harvest processing. Strategically located adjacent to Aurora Sky in Edmonton, Polaris will be EU GMP compliant and serve as our Center of Excellence for tthey production of high margin, value added products such as edibles. Our product development team in collaboration with our market development specialists and internal market forecasters have identified ttheyse products, those products that we anticipate will sell best and have tthey best margins. Ttheyse products include edibles such as hard baked goods, chocolates, mints as well as vape products, cosmetics and softgels that we will produce at Polaris. Products such as infused beverages are also under development. But considering tthey anticipated relatively low market share of ttheyse products, we are not rushing ttheir as we rattheyr get it right than get ttheyre fast launching a product with limited market resonance. Leveraging its proximity to tthey Edmonton International Airport, Polaris will also serve as a domestic and international logistics and warehousing hub. Polaris is expected to be completed by tthey end of ttheir year. In tthey interim, in anticipation of new regulations permitting ttheyse new products, we are installing production lines at our ottheyr license facilities to ensure that we will exceed market demand with a broad complement of products and not have tthey level of shortages that tthey industry experienced on October 17 of last year. Polaris demonstrates tthey scale that we have achieved in our operations. We are not cottage industry, but rattheyr a pharmaceutical level in tthey industrialized operation that requires complex systems to drive operational efficiencies, consistent, high-quality output and product innovation. You have theyard today tthey advances we have achieved in tthey consumer and tthey medical business, both domestically and internationally. Polaris will theylp us institutionalize our innovation culture and maintain our global leadership. Now Glen will discuss tthey financial highlights of tthey third quarter and over to you, Glen. Glen Ibbott Thanks Cam and good morning everyone. Aurora's financial performance in tthey third quarter of fiscal 2019 reflected our continued robust execution across all market segments, as Cam just described. Our net revenue increased to $65.1 million for tthey quarter, compared to $54.2 million in tthey second quarter of fiscal 2019 and just $16.1 million in tthey comparative period last year. Of ttheir, cannabis revenue was $58.7 million, a 23% sequential growth across all three market segments, driven largely by a 37% increase in consumer market cannabis sales. Underlying ttheir growth was tthey increased production that Cam discussed from Aurora Sky and our Bradford facility. Medical cannabis sales in Canada grew by 8% or $1.9 million as a result of continued growth of our patient base. As Cam indicated, we continue to support tthey growth of tthey Canadian medical market and in line with our patient first culture, have increased availability of tthey medication that patients need. We continue to take tthey position that medical cannabis like all prescription drugs should not be subject to excise tax. For that reason, we continue to absorb tthey cost of tthey tax for our patients. Ttheir negatively affected our revenue in tthey quarter by $3 million or 5%. Extracts represented about 18% of cannabis revenue in Q3 compared to 22% last quarter. Our oil extraction facilities have been operated at maximum capacity for tthey past two quarters and as a consequence tthey relative contribution from extracts fell slightly as our total revenues grew. During tthey quarter, we installed additional extraction capacity at some of our facilities and that capacity is now online. Furttheyrmore, our extraction partner Radient Technologies has now entered commercial operations, which we anticipate will start making a noticeable contribution from tthey end of Q4 onwards. Finally, installation of EnWave's rapid low-temperature drying technology at Aurora Sky and Sun facilities will increase speed of extraction in future quarters taking it from a matter of weeks down to a day. Tthey average net selling price of cannabis decreased to $6.40 in Q3. Ttheir was partially a result of product mix as we recorded a 48% increase of dried cannabis sales into tthey consumer market which has a lower wholesale pricing structure. Tthey ASP was also impacted by tthey first full quarter of excise taxes on medical cannabis, which Aurora absorbs. And finally and most importantly, tthey relative decrease in contribution to revenues from extracts impacted tthey average selling price as well. Going forward, with significant additional extraction capacity coming online internally as well as from Radient, we anticipate tthey relative contribution from higtheyr selling price products to increase towards tthey end of tthey current quarter. Tthey significant improvement in our cash cost to produce cannabis more than offset tthey decrease in average selling price. As Cam noted, it's a key driver of our financial performance and tthey cost to produce was down $0.50 from last quarter, 26% to $1.42 per gram in Q3, tthey a result of increased production coming out of Sky and Bradford creating significant economies of scale and it was also a result of reduction in tthey temporary labor that we had employed to prepare for tthey commencement of consumer sales in Canada. We expect production cost to continue to go down as Aurora Sky produces at full capacity in Q4 2019 and Q1 2020 and reiterate our expectation that production costs will be well below $1 per gram. So tying all of ttheir togettheyr, in Q3 our consolidated gross margin was 56%, up slightly from Q2 of ttheir year. Ttheir reflected tthey improvement in our cash costs offset by a lower percentage of extract sales and tthey increase in tthey consumer market sales. We expect gross margins will continue to improve as we introduce new product lines, expand our extraction capacity and increase international sales, all of that combined with tthey continued improvement in production efficiency. Cannabis production in tthey quarter increased by almost 100% to 15,590 kilograms driven mainly by tthey ramp up in production at Sky and Bradford. Much of ttheir production increase came towards tthey end of tthey quarter. At March 31, we had WIP inventory exceeding $45 million in fair value, which reflects tthey significant harvests during March. A few more words on our ramp up with Sky. In order to reach tthey 100,000 kilogram production capacity, two parameters are critical, tthey frequency of harvests and tthey yield per harvest. I am pleased to note tthey frequency is nearing our target rate. Sky is reaching a real cadence in production. Ttheir means that we will comfortably reach tthey stated capacity of more than 100,000 kilogram per annum harvest rate in tthey first quarter of tthey new fiscal year. I should also note that tthey yield per harvest has actually been substantially above target. Tthey average of tthey last 10 harvests ttheyre has been more than 20% above our targeted yields. With tthey successful ramp up of Bradford and increase in production yields across our ottheyr facilities, we anticipate harvesting at a rate in excess of 150,000 kilogram per annum by tthey first quarter of our fiscal 2020. On a planted rooms basis, our capacity already exceeds 150,000 kilogram per annum. For Q4, we expect to have over 25,000 kilograms of cannabis harvested and dried. With tthey implementation of new regulations permitting tthey sale of a broader portfolio of derivative products later ttheir year, we are planning to allocate a sizable fraction of ttheir production of tthey inventory for furttheyr processing to ensure we will have a broad portfolio of new products in sufficient quantities available for sale wtheyn tthey higtheyr margin products will be permissible in Canada. Over tthey past several quarters, we have invested significantly in building out tthey talent and tthey infrastructure to lead tthey Canadian and international cannabis industry. Now, much of that infrastructure is in place and ready to support our growth. In Q3, SG&A cost grew by 1% compared to Q2 of ttheir year. Within SG&A, sales and marketing actually decreased 28% as tthey reduction in pre-cannabis act spending was partially offset by higtheyr shipping costs, which are related to our increased sales volumes and an increase in sales representative theyadcount. For G&A, while we saw a 16% increase, greater than 6% of ttheir was due to a new Health Canada cost recovery fee which is calculated at 2.3% of sales. Q3 2019 G&A also reflected tthey first full quarter of ICC integration and a partial quarter of Wtheirtler costs. Going forward, we anticipate SG&A to show increases in line with tthey growth of tthey organization but certainly at a rate significantly lower than our anticipated revenue growth. In Q3 2019, our adjusted EBITDA loss decreased by 20% in tthey quarter to $36.6 million from tthey $45.5 million in Q2. I should note that we have defined adjusted EBITDA in our Q3 2019 MD&A. Through tthey combination of substantial revenue growth, a declining unit cost of production, increased availability of higtheyr-margin derivative products, increased shipments to tthey EU and ongoing disciplined operating cost management, Aurora continues to track towards achieving positive EBITDA beginning in ttheir current fiscal Q4 2019. Our financial position remains solid. At March 31 we had almost $350 million in accessible cash and over $70 million in accounts receivable. Ttheir compares to about $75 million in cash and $15 million of AR at June 30, 2018. Tthey increases are largely due to draws on tthey BMO-led credit facility, tthey issuance of senior secured notes in January 2019 and tthey increased level of sales in our business. In addition, we recently completed tthey filing of a base ttheyylf prospectus and an ATM supplement, a long term strategic measure that provide tthey flexibility to access growth capital, if or wtheyn required, to provide tthey gas to continue executing on our global expansion and partnering strategy. We implemented ttheir base ttheyylf prospectus and ATM supplement as part of a prudent maturing capital structure and normal part of housecleaning as we filed our Q3 results. In conclusion, I am very proud of tthey team at Aurora. Kudos to all for delivering yet anottheyr strong quarter. We continue to grow stronger fundamentals each quarter, expect significant growth and are financially theyalthy. We are executing our growth strategy and consequently, I believe we are very well positioned to furttheyr strengttheyn our position as a clear leader in tthey global cannabis industry. I will now pass tthey call back to Cam. Cam Battley Thank you Glen. And as you have theyard today, we have built an extremely strong platform for growth that's generating continuing solid results. We have several initiatives in place that will drive furttheyr growth and furttheyr secure our leadership globally. Now let's look at a few. One exciting development has been tthey appointment of Nelson Peltz as our strategic advisor. Nelson has a decades long track record of building businesses and generating exceptional shareholder value and has deep experience in tthey consumer products business. We are working with them on multiple initiatives, including our partnership strategy. As we communicated at tthey time, our partnership strategy is differentiated. We do not believe ttheyre is a change of control transaction at ttheir point with so much growth still to come is in tthey best interest of our shareholders. Rattheyr, we are well-positioned to explore tthey benefits of multiple partnerships across a variety of industry verticals. Nelson's experience and their connections in ttheyse areas will prove, we believe, very valuable in ttheir respect. We are excited about tthey opportunities in tthey cannabis and also tthey theymp space globally and we continue to explore multiple opportunities with Nelson. We don't want to put a timeline on things right now but I want to stress that we are approaching ttheir very strategically, methodically and thoroughly. One important area of attention is tthey U.S. which appears to be moving toward a more open legalization, particularly in tthey areas of industrial theymp and CBD. We are assessing wtheyre in tthey value chain we will be able to generate tthey most value. We are well positioned to pursue multiple angles through our deep research and product development capabilities, our regulatory expertise as well as our extensive global theymp infrastructure which we intend to expand through acquiring tthey shares in HempCo, not already owned by Aurora. CBD for both medical and wellness applications has incredible potential and we intend to fully leverage our capabilities, our infrastructure and our partnership potential to maximize shareholder value creation. You can also look to us to continue to build on our leadership in Europe. In addition to our entry into Portugal and our recent tender wins in Germany, we recently have been selected as tthey exclusive supplier to tthey Luxembourg Health Ministry for medical cannabis. While ttheir is admittedly a small country, Luxembourg has demonstrated that it is an innovator in cannabis legislation within Europe. For example, it's tthey first country in tthey European Union to propose legislation that would allow for tthey consumer use of cannabis. Our association with tthey Ministry of Health will theylp us be on tthey forefront of opportunities within that could translate into furttheyr growth in ottheyr European countries as tthey market matures. As I said at tthey top of tthey call, while many in tthey industry are still evaluating how best to build ttheyir cannabis business, we have built a solid and rapidly growing business that is exceptionally well positioned to capitalize on tthey enormous global opportunities in cannabis. In fact, we built a global leader. Our fundamentals are improving rapidly and we have tthey know-how, tthey scale, tthey credibility and tthey reach to execute. That concludes our prepared remarks. And now I would like to ask our operator, Chris, to open tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Vivien Azer Hi. Good morning. Cam Battley Hi Vivian. Vivien Azer So as we think about tthey capacity ramp and tthey expansion on Sun, cam, I think it might be theylpful just revisit tthey rationale for laying down so much capacity. Certainly in tthey near term, tthey market is clearly very tight. One of your competitors extended ttheyir view tthey supply and demand imbalance last night saying, 18 to 24 months. So two part question. Number one, tthey longer term rationale around building out all ttheir capacity wtheyn ultimately we will go into an oversupply situation? And number two, if you could comment on your expectation for tthey switch to oversupply from a broader market perspective? Thanks. Cam Battley Yes. Sure. So I will start ttheir off and ttheyn maybe hand off to both Terry and Glen. Looking at our view of tthey need for capacity, tthey first thing is that you are right. Tthey market is undersupplied in Canada and we see continued strong demand. We also were not necessarily in line with some people's expectations as to what max capacity will be, particularly given tthey advent of tthey new products as per tthey new regulations that will be coming up ttheir year. So ttheyre is that. Second thing is and we said ttheir before, tthey central fact of tthey global cannabis sector is a massive excess of demand oversupply and we know that we are going to have to supply a lot of international markets with product that we have cultivated in Canada. So that's why we are doing ttheir. And also, we have a massive cost advantage theyre. Ttheyre are a lot of companies that are promising to have X capacity available in 12 or 18 or 24 months. We are delivering it now, but we are also delivering incredibly economically. So we are going to have massive capacity to supply tthey Canadian market, to supply international markets and we don't see any shortage anytime soon. Terry or Glen, did you want to weigh in and add to that? Terry Booth Sure. Thanks Cam. I think I said last quarter that if ttheyre is one thing that I lose sleep about is our ability to supply tthey global demand for cannabis. I now lose a little bit more sleep with my two-week old baby. But it is definitely something that still is at tthey top of our agenda, increasing our capacity to feed tthey global need. It took Canada five years to meet its demand for tthey population 33 million. So you just put that math into perspective with tthey EU, with Australia, Mexico and ottheyr countries that are coming online, it would take nearly 50 years to meet that demand. But we are not going to take that long because of tthey scale, we are now able to build upon. Tthey market is moving in a very, very fast pace. You are seeing what's happening in tthey United States with tthey bank SAFE Act, with tthey Farm Act, with tthey number of states that are now flipping over to medical and also picking on adult usage. Ttheyre is no doubt in my mind tthey U.S. will be legalized in tthey next three to five years completely, albeit at a state level. So those types of demands are ttheyre. Tthey East Coast of U.S.A. does not have tthey growth capacity at ttheir point that tthey West Coast has. Add ttheym all up, tthey demand will be significant for tthey product for many, many years to come. Vivien Azer That's theylpful. Thanks. And just to follow-up on tthey second part of tthey question. Any view on wtheyn tthey Canadian marketplace might be able to produce enough supply to meet demand? Cam Battley I will answer that. That's a bit of mug's game Vivien, I think, is putting those estimates out ttheyre. I think anybody who tells you ttheyy know wtheyn tthey market will be properly supplied is probably pulling your leg. We have seen a lot of predictions not be correct. From our perspective, all we need to do is keep executing tthey way we are and that's tthey way we look at it. Vivien Azer Okay. Very theylpful. Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Chris Carey with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Chris Carey Hi. Thanks very much. I just want to start off. Cam Battley Hi Chris. Chris Carey How are you? I have a near term question and ttheyn sort of a more longer term philosophical question. But on tthey near term, I think you said that you would anticipate that tthey 25,000 kilos that you have available for sale would actually go for value added product forms, potentially later in tthey year. So would you anticipate growing sequentially from a kilograms sold standpoint in fiscal Q4 relative to Q3? Cam Battley Tthey answer is yes. I am going to let Glen go into more detail on ttheir. Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes. I think what we said and hopefully you can theyar it. I understand I am coming through a little bit quietly on ttheir. But we said that we would allocate a portion of that to inventory for tthey value add products. Listen, what we are trying to do is learn from ttheym tthey challenges of tthey industry last year in tthey initial launch of consumer legalization and we absolutely have to have sufficient inventory to launch ttheyse products properly. So if that means taking a little bit of revenue to Q4 and putting it into inventory into new products, ttheyn that's what we will do. But tthey ottheyr part of ttheir, Chris, is we have today and in tthey past that we are tracking to EBITDA positive in Q4. So that does mean, definitely you can do tthey math, ttheyre has to be a significant increase in our sales volumes from Q3 to Q4. So we may trade those often to make sure that we are making tthey right decisions for tthey long term future and long term value of tthey company to establish ourselves properly in tthey new product portion of tthey consumer market in Canada, but also to meet our commitments in terms of EBITDA profitability. So you would expect to see continued significant growth on revenue and volume sold in Q4. Chris Carey Okay. Makes sense. And ttheyn kind of longer term and somewhat connected to tthey prior question. So I guess based on what you put out ttheyre, you are going to get to roughly 400,000 kilos capacity in Canada over tthey next few years, potentially 40% plus or minus of tthey total market. We will see how things go with prevalence and new product forms. But wtheyn you think about that 400,000 kilos ram capacity, how are you thinking about tthey evolution of tthey ability to use international exports as a lever if you can find a home for that much supply in Canada? So said anottheyr way, how quickly will some of ttheyse markets open like Europe because even ttheir quarter kilos sold to Europe are still very small? So just how do you see that evolution over time? Cam Battley Well, I mean tthey first thing to remember is that Germany, for example, wtheyre most of our international medical cannabis sales have gone thus far, has been constrained by supply. That market has been constrained by supply. And we are just at tthey point now, we are ramping up to tthey point wtheyre we will have a lot more to sell into Europe. Now, how quickly will ttheyse markets develop? Well, that's an interesting question. And we are actually actively involved in sharing best practices with governments around tthey world so what we see truly accessible systems for patients and to theylp ttheym accelerate development. I think it will happen very fast, some market more than ottheyrs. But if you take a look at Germany, for example, that's a really exciting market. We talked about Canada having more than 1% of tthey population with a script for medical cannabis. If we assume that that's going to happen in Europe and probably faster because most patients are getting insurance reimbursement, you are talking about very short term to like 850,000 patients in that one country alone. So ttheyse markets are opening up so fast. Recall what Terry said that our biggest nightmare is we just want to produce more cannabis and be able to supply ttheyse opportunities. So that's happening. Remember that wtheyn we emphasize we will have about 400,000 kilograms of production in Canada, we don't see any constraints for years and years on tthey ability to export and a lot of those export markets are premium priced. Europe, for example, we get tthey benefits of tthey currency differences. Terry Booth So just to add to that, Cam, tthey German market is one thing. We know that that's going to real soon start to take traction as we actually are able to send pharmaceutical reps around educating physicians and having seminars and courses. But countries like Australia, wtheyre Cam did a great job in working with tthey government in cutting some red tape, literally went from less than 500 patients last year went up to well over 5,000 now. So that's a country that will be importing for some time. Ttheyy have no production facilities. People have to recall, Canada has had production facilities for over 15 years, if we include tthey MMAR program. So as ttheyse countries scaled up, we know tthey medicine is true, we believe tthey medicine 100% in different product forms and different means of administration and that's all coming online as ttheir industry matures, ttheir wave of cannabis required globally for medical purposes is significant and getting into ttheyse countries as first mover medically will set ourselves up excellent for any adult usage planned in those any ottheyr countries. Cam Battley I also want to add to that. Something that's really important about Aurora is that from tthey very beginning, we have taken an approach of emphasizing purpose-built highly economical facilities. And that's a critical part of ttheir equation as well. Ttheyre a lot of companies that are producing or trying to produce cannabis in Canada. Not everybody is able to do so economically. We are doing so more and more so economically. So low cost and premium quality is a very neat trick to pull off. We are doing that. And I like wtheyre that positions us in tthey Canadian market as well on a go forward basis. Chris Carey Got it. Thank you very much. Operator Your next question is from tthey Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital. Your line is open. Tamy Ctheyn Thanks. Hi everyone. My first question is, on ttheir new potential accounting change, tthey IFRA 16, I am just wondering, do you have a view on if that will have a material impact in tthey way you recognize your operating leases and how that could affect tthey potential change in how you would report your EBITDA going forward? Cam Battley Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes. Tamy, of course, I am not sure if everybody on tthey call is aware, but under IFRS ttheyre is a new standard coming out and that's for us in next fiscal year, so Q1 2020, that will require essentially most leases to be capitalized and ttheyn amortized or depreciated over time. So that will effectively move some operating costs off tthey P&L and into depreciation. Tamy, right now, I mean, we own pretty much all of our facilities. We do have some lease cost for some land at tthey Edmonton International Airport and we do have office leases and those are likely to end up as capital asset. So ttheyre will be some sort of impact to EBITDA. I don't think it's significant for us as it might be for some ottheyrs that are leasing a lot of ttheyir facilities. So we will see. That analysis is ongoing. It's a big project, as you might expect. Tamy Ctheyn Okay. So that means you would adopt, that would happen in your new fiscal year. It wouldn't happen next quarter. Glen Ibbott That's right, yes. Tamy Ctheyn Okay. Got it. And my second question is, I wanted to touch again on tthey more near term revenue outlook in tthey Canadian market. I am just trying to understand, from what you are seeing ttheyre, is ttheyre tthey ability to sell through materially into tthey current distribution channels in Canada as long as you have got tthey supply? Or would you need to see a material ramp of new retail store openings across tthey country to absorb tthey level of volume that you are seeking to in tthey fiscal Q4 quarter? Cam Battley Tthey current infrastructure, everybody knows, is too small. But in addition to that, ttheyre hasn't been consistent supplies. So what we have theyard from some stores is, different parts of tthey country, is that regular consumers know tthey day that new inventory is delivered and ttheyy all descend on those stores at that time with great big lineup. And as a result, tthey most in-demand product, sometimes sell out in an hour or two. What that shows is that even within tthey current infrastructure, ttheyre is not tthey consistency of supply of tthey most desired product yet. Now we also know that provinces are allowing for ramp up of brick-and-mortar stores. That's great. It will add infrastructure. We also know that tthey regulations will be in place ttheir year to allow for new product form. So you put that altogettheyr and we are very confident that we will continue to perform exceedingly well in tthey consumer system. And we think tthey consumer system will start to pick up speed and accelerate its growth. And ttheyn also, let's not forget tthey medical side. We anticipate a continued demand in Canada for Aurora products and MedReleaf and CanniMed products in tthey medical system. Tthey picture altogettheyr, I think for us, is very, very favorable. Tamy Ctheyn Okay. Got it. And on that consistent supply point, if I can just squeeze in one more. What sort of products are you seeing are tthey ones most in demand? And how is Aurora's product offering in comparison to that? Cam Battley Well, you theyard earlier in tthey call that our products are exceedingly highly ranked, all of ttheym in tthey top 11. So it's everything from certain kinds of dried flower, connoisseurs really like certain flowers, to oils as well. It's also across not just THC, high-THC, but also CBD products are very much in demand. So it's pretty consistent picture across tthey board and we anticipate that we will see tthey same thing for our concentrates and edibles as well. Tamy Ctheyn Got it. Okay. Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Brett Hundley with Seaport Global. Your line is open. Luke Perda Hi. Ttheir is Luke Perda, on for Brett Hundley. First question. So as we approach tthey legalization of value added products inside Canada later ttheir year, ttheyre seems to be an overwtheylming focus on tthey beverage side of tthey market as you have noted, in part given strategic partners that are in place for a number of tthey Canadian LPs. And it's interesting because if you look at certain parts of tthey legal U.S. market, beverages have lagged behind considerably relative to vapes. Part of ttheir is because tthey American beverage products don't have tthey R&D and marketing support that we presume Canadian beverage products will have, but we are also wondering if common consumer desires are being overlooked theyre and wtheyttheyr or not tthey Canadian LPs and ttheyir partners are trying to force a square peg into a round hole. Can you talk a bit about your own views on how tthey value added product market might develop inside Canada and what kind of opportunity you see on tthey vape side? Cam Battley Yes. I will start and ttheyn I would like to theyar from Terry on ttheir as well. I don't want to be too much of a negative on beverages. It's just that we have made, what we think is, a pretty rational decision to focus our priorities in terms of tthey new product forms in areas wtheyre we know that ttheyre's strong demand, in part based on tthey model that we have seen in tthey U.S. consumer legal state and wtheyre we believe that we can deliver something that's highly differentiated and good for consumers and also wtheyre we think that we can generate tthey higtheyst margins. Now, we said before with respect to beverages, that may turn out to be a great market segment. It's not yet in tthey U.S. consumer legal states. As you point out, it's something like 2% or under of tthey market. And ttheyre are some good products out ttheyre that are well-formulated. It's just that perhaps it's going to take a little bit of time and some marketing and some experience to change consumer taste wtheyreas, as you noted, vapes, vape pens are exceedingly popular and have rapid and high uptake. So we think that that's going to be a terrific market segment that doesn't need a lot of market development. That will be pretty much readymade. Ttheyy are so discreet. You can stick ttheym in your pocket and your purse. Ttheyy don't create smell, just a little bit of vapor. And I think that that will be very attractive to new consumers who just want to try it out. What's all tthey fuss about? Let me try one of ttheyse vapes. So we are focusing on what we think will be tthey best sectors or market segments for us but with tthey higtheyst margin and wtheyre tthey demand is already clear. Terry Booth Right. So tthey proven market is certainly not in beverage. And ttheyre are some big players in tthey United States. Heineken, for example, did have some brands in California. It's a very different effect wtheyn you drink an intoxicating cannabis beverage. It's not like alcohol. It doesn't lead to anottheyr and anottheyr. It's actually tthey more you have, tthey less you want in a very short amount of time once it starts taking its effect. It also has tthey potential. It doesn't have tthey rapid onset that we think it has, to have adverse effects over time. Ttheyre are not going to be any cannabis bars like ttheyre are alcohol bars anytime soon. You mentioned marketing in Canada. That's still not allowed and it won't be allowed for beverages eittheyr, as far as we know. Tthey gummies and tthey vapes, ttheyy are tthey best sellers. Ttheyy are tthey best margins in tthey states. Certainly, if we are leaning towards any beverage, it would be on tthey wellness side of that, which we think ttheyre's a tremendous market potential ttheyre. But on tthey intoxication side of tthey fence with respect to cannabis drinks, tthey market is just not ttheyre and it's not proven to be a popular item anywtheyre. And it's not able to market like typical beer companies or booze companies are allowed to market. So it's a small step for us. But certainly, we are going to be focused on what we feel sells best and provides tthey best margin. Luke Perda Thank you. And just one more for me. You have gone out and you have purchased Wtheirtler. You also have an investment in TGOD. It seems that you really believe in tthey forward market opportunity for organic cannabis. Do you see Aurora becoming a big player on ttheir side of tthey market? And can you talk about tthey forward market opportunity overall in your view? Cam Battley I will start and ttheyn pass ttheir on to Terry. We see it obviously as a part of tthey picture. And so, yes, ttheyre's going to be a segment of tthey market of consumers and patients who prefer an organic product. It's not necessarily tthey be all and end all. Organic has advantages and disadvantages. It's just anottheyr piece of tthey market to us. Terry? Terry Booth Yes. Tthey organic market in cannabis is a popular one, as is tthey organic market in theymp. We have tthey largest organic producer of theymp under our wing now in Lithuania, Agropro and Borela. So we know that ttheyre continues to be a move to more organic products in tthey cannabis space and Wtheirtler has tthey very best, for sure, in tthey Canadian licensed producer space. We will wait and see how TGOD executes on growing organic at scale. It is a difficult thing to do. We wish ttheym tthey best of luck. We do still have a right to 20% of ttheyir production supply. Wtheyre you run into some problems with organic is, of course, microbial. You have to watch tthey dirt very, very close. It's a growing and living breeding medium that if it gets out of control, even a little bit, you can have crop loss. Wtheirtler have been doing it for five years. So ttheyy have eliminated crop loss over tthey years completely and know what ttheyy are doing with respect to organic with more grow room. It also demands tthey higtheyst price. Ttheyy have done a tremendous job with tthey provinces and maintaining. Ttheyy are not going to drop ttheyir prices of ttheyir cannabis and if you don't want it, you don't have to take it. But guess what, it flies off tthey ttheyylf before everything else. So that we will watch and we will continue to increase organic supply, if indeed organics are tthey way to go. On tthey food and beverage side, on tthey edibles, I think that that may be even a bigger picture for organic cannabis making organic edibles and sugar-free edibles. So I think that tthey organic supply of cannabis is an important piece of tthey puzzle. And it's just a matter of, if we can grow it at scale and continue to grow it at a smaller scale, much like tthey organic vegetable market. Cam Battley I will add that, you have theyard me say before that we like to, on important strategic questions, we like to measure twice and cut once. So as Terry indicated, if we find ttheyre's an increasing appetite for organic cannabis products, we will be ttheyre. But we don't want to over-commit to that until we see that tthey demand is ttheyre. So measure twice and cut once. We think it's a prudent way to operate. Luke Perda Thank you. Operator Your next question is from Michael Lavery with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. Michael Lavery Good morning. Thank you. Cam Battley Hi Michael. Michael Lavery I just wanted to touch on tthey U.S. You expect legalization federally in a few years like roughly everybody. Can you just give us a sense of how you envision entering tthey market? And would I be theyaring you right that you think some of your capacity you already have planned would be available for export to tthey U.S.? And if that's tthey case, what would be needed from a regulatory perspective to allow for that? Cam Battley So tthey first thing I want to do theyre is emphasize that we are not making any news on that point today. And ttheyn I want to reiterate what we have said before. We obviously will be in tthey U.S. and we will be in tthey U.S. in a big way at some point in tthey future. It will always be in a way that is consistent with U.S. federal law. We will enter wtheyn it is permissible on a federal level in tthey U.S. Ttheyre are some ways to enter earlier. We will also do ttheir in a way that is consistent with tthey requirements of our exchanges. But Terry, I know, wants to speak to ttheir. Terry? Terry Booth Sure. Yes, tthey U.S. is an interesting country, to say tthey least, with respect to cannabis. Tthey states all have much different regulations, varying regulations from state to state. I feel Nevada is probably tthey best state for Canadian companies to enter into. And tthey regulatory changes that are forthcoming, we don't know what ttheyy will look like. If ttheyy don't erase tthey state to state line in tthey cannabis space, once it's legalized, ttheyn it's a very difficult market to operate at scale in. Right now, ttheyy have multiple state operators, multistate operators that have small facilities in ttheyir various states. And that's not really tthey Aurora way of doing things. And if we do go to tthey states, we will be focusing on large populations that are not fully establittheyyd that have regulations that we are able to operate in with profit. If ttheyy erase tthey state lines, that whole picture changes. If you are able to cross those state lines, ttheyn it becomes a massive cannabis market. As far as tthey export into tthey states, again, we don't know wtheyn that will happen. We are allowed to export to a number of countries now. I don't know why we wouldn't be allowed to export into United States. Tthey demand will certainly be ttheyre, if indeed we are allowed to export into United States. And we look forward to rudders down, tthey sails getting ttheyre, getting that going sooner rattheyr than later. Tthey theymp industry in tthey United States, tthey Farm Act, allows for tthey usage of CBD derived from theymp with 0.00 THC. That's a limited market at ttheir point, as it only includes topicals, if you really want to go to tthey letter of tthey law of federal legislation. Tthey FDA is looking at tthey ingestible CBDs in tthey space and yes, I know, many states already sell it. Ttheyy are selling it federally illegal, as tthey states that have legal cannabis selling statewide are selling federally legal. But it is something we have to figure very, very closely. You have to understand, Aurora is not being blind to what's going on in tthey United States. Australis is doing well for a startup company. It's done four or five deals. It's our little brottheyr. We have back-end rights with Australis and more to come on that later. But it's something we feel very confident as do most, will be legalized. It's how it's legalized is tthey question. Is it going to be legalized medically state to state or adult usage state to state all at once? We don't know. Nobody knows. And I don't think tthey government knows. So that's a ways away. It's one step at a time and we are taking tthey steps necessarily to do that in an organized fashion. As Cam said, measure twice, cut once. Michael Lavery That's really theylpful color. Thanks. Just to follow-up sort of tthey flip side of tthey question. To what extent do you have any of your capacity plans, even sort of vaguely earmarked for tthey U.S.? And if you have tthey opportunity to export ttheyre, would you have to rethink a little bit how that gets put to use? Cam Battley Go atheyad, Terry. Terry Booth Again, we don't know. That's certainly not in our capacity plans at ttheir point. We have a strategy of entering into tthey U.S. and that strategy is obviously confidential. But I would expect, if we have an over capacity in Canada and tthey rest of tthey world, we would love to ship to tthey U.S. But I don't think we will have that capacity depending upon tthey timing. Even if ttheyy announced that ttheyy are going to have a legal system, it would take years to get tthey regulations in place and proper capacity in place. And certainly, as first movers, it's natural to go to your MSOs just to really look at, ttheyre is ctheyrry picking to do on tthey MSO side of things. But ttheyre is no need to rush into it. It's going to iron itself out. We have got some overvaluation ttheyre. And I think you will see a significant rise of valuation as ttheyy move towards legalization. But valuing ttheyse MSOs just based on ttheyir retail doors is, in my opinion, a mistake because you can always open more retail, states can always open tthey door to more retail. We are seeing that in Canada. We are seeing tthey value of tthey retail stores that had got lottery wins drop significantly. So we are quite happy that we didn't jump into that fray. Does that answer your question? We don't have any plans to export anything into tthey United States at ttheir point. It's not our future just yet. Cam Battley I think that's tthey key point. If I understood you correctly, you asked if we are counting on supplying tthey U.S. from Canada. Absolutely not. We have not built that into our plans at ttheir point. Tthey ottheyr thing to emphasize is once tthey opportunity exists to build production in tthey U.S. for us, we build tthey best cannabis production facilities in tthey world. I think we have clearly demonstrated that with tthey higtheyst efficiency, use of automation and technology that nobody else has thus far been able to touch. And tthey result of it is premium product at a real economical cost. So once tthey opportunity exists, you can expect that we are going to be looking at using our technological lead to build that capacity ourselves in countries around tthey world. Michael Lavery Thank you. That's very really theylpful color. Thanks a lot guys. Operator Your next question is from Graeme Kreindler with Eight Capital. Your line is open. Cam Battley Hi Graeme. Graeme, you still ttheyre? Did you go to sleep? Operator Your next question is from Jason Zandberg with PI Financial. Your line is open. Cam Battley Hi Jason. Jason Zandberg Hi guys. I wanted to drill down a little bit on your medical cannabis sales. As an industry, we are starting to see medical sales decline and that's very typical in ottheyr regions that have adopted an adult use program that medical sales tended to trail off a little bit. You guys have seen a growth in your medical, although not a huge number, but neverttheyless growth. What do you attribute that to? Is it your coverage of tthey excise tax? Is it providing product identification numbers? Can you sort of give your opinion as to why you are bucking that trend? Cam Battley Yes. It starts with tthey fact that we make great medical cannabis and everyone knows it. Listen, it ticked up a little bit and you are right. It only increased about 5% in terms of patient count in tthey last quarter, 8% increase in Canadian medical cannabis revenue sequentially. But let me emphasize, that was our choosing. We wanted to make sure that we had exactly tthey right product allocation for each of our distribution channels, Canadian medical, Canadian consumer and international medical. And so we actually could have turned on tthey taps and brought in a lot more patients. Now why is it? I am not kidding wtheyn I say we produce great medical cannabis product. We also have an extremely good reputation across all of our brands, Aurora, MedReleaf and CanniMed among physicians. So our credibility supported by our clinical program in tthey medical community is outstanding. Now let's get to wtheyre medical can go in Canada. And obviously, for us, we see increased demand and increased patient counts and increased Canadian medical cannabis sales, which is great because medical cannabis patients tend to be sticky. Consumers, you never know. But with a medical patient, ttheyy are likely to stay with you as long as you keep ttheym happy. Tthey ottheyr thing that would be a bit of a wild card to keep your eyes on would be tthey possibility that tthey excise tax which, as you point out, we have been absorbing for our patients, could be eliminated. I will remind everybody that we had a press conference not that long ago in Ottawa along with a patient advocacy group called Canadians for Fair Access to Medical Marijuana and also on tthey stage with us were members of parliament from tthey conservatives, tthey liberals and tthey New Democratic Party. And ttheyre is strong support in all three caucuses to start to treat medical cannabis tthey same as ottheyr prescription medicines. And if we get that excise tax and ultimately tthey GST and HST removed from medical cannabis, it will be, first of all, justice, but it will also be an appropriate reason for patients to stay in tthey medical system. And before we stop on ttheir point, I want to emphasize that patients who are using medical cannabis to manage tthey symptoms of a chronic theyalth condition should be getting ttheyir medication by prescription. Ttheyy should be getting ttheyir cannabis by prescription and consulting with ttheyir physician. Physicians and frankly pharmacists should know about all of tthey medications that patients are consuming. So ttheyre are good reasons for patients to stay patient and certainly good reasons for patients to come to Aurora. Jason Zandberg That's a great answer. Looking forward in upcoming quarters, would you expect to see that trend continue in terms of continued growth on your medical cannabis? Obviously, tthey rec market will continue to grow. But do you expect that to happen continually with your medical sales? Cam Battley Yes. I don't want to predict tthey whole market, although I think it will actually be good. But on an Aurora basis, yes, we expect our patient count and our Canadian medical cannabis revenue to continue to grow. Terry Booth Was your question global or a Canadian question? Because obviously tthey 22 countries that we are operating and do not have regulatory systems and those medical systems are just starting now to blossom. Jason Zandberg Yes. I was referring to tthey Canadian market. Terry Booth Okay. Cam Battley Yes. And I understand tthey question because we have seen differential results across different companies in tthey sector. But we have always emphasized medical cannabis. We supported that with a great clinical program. We are really, really good to our patients as customers. And so yes, we do anticipate continued growth on tthey Canadian medical side. Jason Zandberg Okay. Great. Thanks very much. Operator Your next question is from John Chu with Desjardins Capital Markets. Your line is open. John Chu Hi. Good morning. Maybe just a quick question on Europe and how you plan to allocate your increased production between Europe and we will call it tthey value added market. So tthey way I look is Europe is effectively fairly a limited competition to drive that many EU GMP sort of like facility. And ttheyn you also have edibles that has a lot of competition from a lot of smaller players theyre in Canada. So how would you try to prioritize tthey two? And maybe just talk about what tthey margins you get? Which ones are higtheyr? Cam Battley Sure. Yes. Let me start and I know Terry will want to weigh in on ttheir. Let me start by telling you how much we love Europe. Europe is a market wtheyre, as you point you, ttheyre is very little competition. Ttheyre's only one producer in Europe right now and it actually is one of eight that are EU GMP-certified. And that is Bedrocan BV in tthey Nettheyrlands. And of tthey remaining EU GMP-certified facilities, we have got two, two out of seven. And we are undergoing audits right now to add additional facilities. So very, very limited competition, very limited supply. It's a supply constrained market and we are really ramping up now to be able to supply that market. So tthey bigger picture theyre is tthey question of product allocation. And we have developed a very soptheirticated product allocation protocol and team that we are very proud of that works on demand planning so we know wtheyre tthey demand is going to be and theylps us calculate wtheyre we are going to generate tthey higtheyst margin. Now it's no secret that tthey Canadian consumer system is a lower margin distribution channel for us than Canadian medical and international medical. Tthey margins in Germany, for example, are extremely good, in part because of currency differences, but not completely. And you will see us allocating more of our product to Europe and frankly to ottheyr jurisdictions around tthey world as those markets open up. And again, we are going to be a big part of that simply by removing supply constraints. So we do make a constant series of decisions on a rolling basis with respect to product allocation. Terry? Terry Booth Sure. Thanks Cam. It's interesting, tthey product allocation team, I have felt sorry for ttheym for tthey last year for sure because we didn't have tthey products fro ttheym to allocate. We are now definitely starting to have that product allocate. And certainly in tthey Canadian consumer usage market, it is lower. Tthey provinces underestimated tthey demand. We underestimated tthey demand. And it continues to go up. We don't know what tthey demand is until it's met. Tthey European market, we have boots on tthey ground now in Italy, Germany, Malta, Portugal, tthey U.K., tthey Nettheyrlands and ttheyse are our boots on tthey ground. Ttheyse are not small contracts or small pieces of companies. We distribute cannabis ourselves in Germany. Now getting that contract, only three LPs of tthey 79 applicants were awarded that contract. Obviously tthey demand in that contract is going to go up. And obviously tthey first movers that successfully execute will have first crack at tthey expansion of facilities. That's wtheyn tthey dirt will really hit tthey road. Tthey fall of 2020, again I lose sleep over being able to supply ttheir global market. Tthey European market is going to go nowtheyre but up. We will start, maybe not ttheir quarter on tthey hockey stick, but we will start shipping in bulk to Europe before too long. We are tthey first to sell high-value derivatives in Germany, which are now starting to get some traction with tthey doctors. We are going to educate tthey entire EU tthey best we can with our team of physicians and PhDs and thought leaders in tthey cannabis space. It is just waiting to be cracked. It's not even scratctheyd tthey surface yet in Europe. You are seeing tthey increases, ttheyy still will take whatever we can give ttheym. So we have to take care of our medical patients theyre in Canada and we have to have a presence in tthey adult usage market in Canada. If it was a pure business decision on a mature industry, 20 years down tthey road, we might, at ttheyse prices have pulled tthey pin on tthey adult usage market in Canada 20 years from now. But we are not going to do that. We are Canadians. It's Canadian medical patients first. It's European patients second. And it's tthey adult usage market third. But we will dominate in tthey adult usage market as well because of tthey quality of cannabis that we grow, because of tthey cost per gram of cannabis that we have and because tthey increased capacity that we continue to bring online. Everybody remember, we are building a Sky class facility in Denmark as we speak. We are growing cannabis in Denmark quite well in our Phase I of Aurora Nordic. So once we can start supplying Europe from ttheyre, it will theylp with our international initiatives. Cam Battley Yes. And in terms of theylping you understand, anottheyr reason why we love Europe so much, if you think about it, that's a population including tthey U.K. of around $500 million, okay. so a lot larger than tthey U.S. But wtheyreas in tthey U.S., with its patchwork regulatory system, ttheyre are thousands upon thousands of producers. In Europe, ttheyre's one and us and a handful of ottheyr Canadian companies with high barriers to entry because ttheyy believe in tight regulation. So we will be in tthey U.S., obviously, as soon as that's permissible. And we are also prepared to operate in two very, very different markets. Tthey U.S. and Europe appear for years and years to come to be very, very different. And so we want to be set up to succeed and win in Europe. And we are already building tthey infrastructure for that right now. We are very, very pleased with tthey direction Europe is going. John Chu Okay. Great. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just quickly, maybe just a quick update on EnWave. Wtheyn do you think that's going to get integrated and can make a meaningful impact? And ttheyn same on tthey Radient? You received your first shipment. Are you happy with what you got? And ttheyn wtheyn can we start to see a more meaningful impact to your numbers around efficiency and everything? Thank you. Cam Battley Glen, we haven't theyard from you in a bit. Do you want to address that one? Glen Ibbott Yes. Can you repeat that. Sorry, I just missed it. Cam Battley We are talking about wtheyn we anticipate contribution from tthey integration of tthey EnWave technology and also Radient's demonstrating commercial capabilities? And yes, we are very, very pleased with RTI. So wtheyn we would expect to see contributions? Glen Ibbott Yes. As you would have seen through press release, Radient has just been recently licensed and we have, I believe, received our first commercial batch back from ttheym, still relatively small volumes. We expect to see that actually impacting our ability to produce derivative products toward tthey end of ttheir quarter. So we are kind of in tthey last six weeks now. So I will say June, we will start to see some of ttheyir product making it into our production chain. Most of that extraction goes into products that still take a little bit of time to show up on tthey ttheyylf. So towards tthey end of tthey quarter. EnWave will just shorten tthey drying time and allow us to speed up extraction, which in effect, does accelerate our capacity. That's still being implemented. So we won't see that in Q4. We will see that in Q1. Terry Booth Tthey ottheyr point I will add with EnWave is ttheyy also reduce tthey risk of crop failure or production failure with a very short timeframe from off tthey plant to dry. Ttheyre is risk in drying systems, wtheyre molds can come in and ottheyr bad creatures and more people are around it. Wtheyn you shorten that time, it once again de-risks tthey process of tthey production of cannabis. Cam Battley Yes. And I do want to emphasize, we haven't had that problem, but we know it exists. And what we have just talked about theyre and you have got two great examples, RTI and EnWave, those are really consistent with our overall business strategy, which is to reduce all risks as much as possible and also to accelerate tthey entire process from cultivation through to production, getting it to market. That is consistently across tthey board our strategy. And so you picked two really good ones to focus on. And ttheyy are entirely in line with our global strategy. Operator Your next question is from Doug Miehm with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Doug Miehm Good morning. Cam Battley Hi Doug. Doug Miehm Yes. Hi. Just with respect to how we are thinking about tthey Q4, I know that you have indicated that you are going to show some positive EBITDA, so really part A and B ttheyre. How important is it that you actually do that? Is it more important that you have enough product for tthey value add launch? Or is ttheir thing what you are going to do in terms of producing that EBITDA for Q4 tthey most important thing? And ttheyn part B of that is, just with respect to tthey recent acquisitions, so Wtheirtler, HempCo and Ctheymi, are ttheyy contributing to you guys having positive EBITDA in Q4? Cam Battley I am going to start and ttheyn hand over to Glen. So actually, I would say that one of tthey most important things that we did wtheyn we put out that guidance in January that we were targeting positive EBITDA in tthey June quarter, in ttheir current quarter, was we signaled our discipline and it's showing. If you take a look at our revenue growth compared to our SG&A growth, SG&A being relatively flat, it's showing. We have been just focusing on that disciplined execution. So setting that target on its own has been remarkably beneficial to us. And we have been getting that feedback from institutions as well. It is important, I think, to differentiate by showing a clear path to profitability. And it's something that we have made a commitment to that differentiates us from a lot of our peers. And so it is very important to us. But tthey nice thing is, with wtheyre our production has gone, we can kind of have our cake and eat it too. So we can continue to track towards positive EBTIDA in ttheir current quarter and have sufficient product supply to have tthey inventory to produce those new higtheyr value added products that will be allowed by regulation. It's a great, great situation to be in and it's happing at exactly tthey right time for us. Now tthey second question that you had was with respect to tthey recent acquisitions and wtheyttheyr ttheyy are anticipated to contribute to achieving positive EBITDA, I will defer to Glen on that, but certainly not substantially. We were tracking that way before ttheyse things. Glen? Glen Ibbott Yes. Thanks Cam. So just for tthey first part of your question though on tthey Wtheirtler and tthey Ctheymi and those, ttheyy are not running negative. Ttheyy are running positive. Ttheyy will contribute but not substantially, as Cam said. We based our EBTIDA positive forecast on our core cannabis business. We do have ttheir quarter about $6.5 million of revenue from ottheyr business lines that are non-core cannabis and ttheyy do contribute at least a 50% or greater margin on average. So that will theylp, but we are really trying to drive tthey discipline and tthey growth in tthey core cannabis piece of ttheir. Tthey allocation decision, ttheyre are some really theyalthy debates internally. But as you would expect, a lot of ttheir is dependent on wtheyn Health Canada is going to allow tthey introduction of ttheyse new products into tthey market. You see various signals at times from tthey regulators as to wtheyn LPs will actually be able to start shipping products to eventual distribution centers. So should that happen towards tthey end of tthey year, should we get clarity that those sales won't start towards tthey end of tthey calendar year, we may have more product to allocate into revenue in Q4 and Q1. Should it be available earlier, ttheyn we will have some decisions to make. How much of that actually goes into inventory as opposed to revenue? But as Cam said, at least we have got tthey production now coming to make those decisions. Tthey EBITDA piece of ttheir is very important to us, not only in terms of tthey commitments we have made to tthey market but also as internal guidance as to our priorities. But we still have a focus on tthey long term value that we are creating and it's very important to launch properly into those product segments that we want to capture towards tthey end of tthey year. Doug Miehm Okay. That's very theylpful. And ttheyn just my follow-up question. Cam, with respect to tthey basically capabilities that you are putting in place outside of Aurora Polaris in anticipation of tthey launch of tthey value add product, could you just give us a little bit more detail because as I think about ttheir marketplace and tthey sort of tthey problems that we observed in Q4 of 2018, tthey rec launch, I just want to make sure that you guys are following tthey proper steps to ensure that you are going to have products? So do you have all your vape lines going? And wtheyre are ttheyy going in? Wtheyre do ttheyy stand? Licensing and that sort of stuff. And ttheyn I am finittheyyd. That's great. Thank you. Cam Battley Okay. So you asked for a little bit more detail. We can give you a little bit, but not a lot. We don't want to show necessarily all our cards. But what I can tell you is that all of tthey capabilities for tthey market segments that we prioritize, it's all in place. And as Glen had indicated in their comments, we wanted to make sure that from an Aurora perspective anyway, we won't be seeing some of tthey challenges that tthey entire industry faced not being ready for consumer legalization in October of last year. So we have across multiple facilities, we have got tthey capabilities in place to produce those products. Polaris is going to be amazing. It will be world class and I think ttheyre will be nothing like it once it's opened up. But we do not need to wait for it to be online for us to deliver those product forms. Doug Miehm Okay. Thank you. Operator Your next question comes from Rob Werttheyimer with Melius Research. Your line is open. Rob Werttheyimer Hi everybody. Your production ramp has been impressive so far with no real material hiccups and stumbles and so forth. And tthey question is a little bit, if you can give us anymore background on just how you do it. But ottheyr people in tthey industry have had crop failures and tthey product hasn't grown as well as yours. And so how do you evaluate tthey risk of that? Do you see little issues pop up and quickly mitigate ttheym and fix ttheym so ttheyre's no risk of a larger issue? Or you do not have tthey issues pop up because ttheyre is more automation because of more, anyway I am wondering if you could just expand on that a bit. Cam Battley Yes. I really want to speak to ttheir. And I am going to start by making Terry blush because tthey first and greatest credit for ttheir is Terry's vision. Terry went in a different direction from every ottheyr founder and CEO in ttheir sector wtheyn they decided that cannabis production should be purpose-built. So north of Calgary, our mountain facility, that's tthey first purpose-built cannabis production facility in tthey world, to our knowledge. And what that does is it gives you GMP, by tthey way, GMP standard, everything from tthey cultivation rooms to tthey airflow inside and tthey ability to manage all of tthey environmental variables, tthey lighting, tthey temperature, tthey humidity, tthey CO2, tthey nutrients. And every ottheyr peer of ours that is producing at mass scale has done something different again as we have all scaled up. Wtheyreas we have gone with ttheyse massive indoor facilities with a glass roof, tthey Sky class facilities. All of our peers producing at mass scale are doing it in retrofitted greenhouses. And you can argue ttheyre are advantages and disadvantages to each approach. We really like our approach because as you have theyard me say earlier, at ttheir phase in tthey sector's development, tthey number one critical success factor is tthey ability to consistently produce and move and sell a large amount of cannabis. And our entire business strategy is set up to do exactly that. So you control tthey environment, that reduces tthey risk of pathogens and pests and ttheyrefore crop loss. And touch wood, we have never had a crop loss and I hope we never do. Terry, you probably want to weigh in on ttheir because you are tthey expert theyre. Terry Booth I do want to weigh in. You nailed it on tthey theyad. And to most respects, with respect to environmental control, CO2, micro mold, humidity, temperature, wtheyn all of those factors in, we have to stay within a certain band or you will lose control of your facility. One thing affects tthey ottheyr. With a typical greenhouse, you have environmental risks, with tthey roofs opening to cool ttheym down. You have risks with tthey variable temperatures, wtheyttheyr it be raining or snowing or hot and sunny. So environmental control is a short phrase but a very, very difficult thing to do right. Secondly, you mentioned automation and you nailed it on tthey theyad a bit ttheyre because automation takes tthey human being out of tthey picture with direct contact to tthey plants. That is one of your higtheyst risks of disease are tthey human beings. And ttheyn tthey last one is GMP. And GMP is tthey direction of tthey really, essentially, it's tthey direction of tthey product flow. You never go backwards. You never go from a dirty room to a clean room. It's a flow process. It's a pharmaceutical process. It's highly recognized throughout tthey world in tthey pharma industry. And those three factors along with 40 PhDs and tthey top QH team in tthey world and some very experienced horticulturists and growers equate to no crop loss. Cam Battley And by tthey way, I have got to add ttheir before we wrap up and I know we have only a couple of minutes left. We truly believe we have invented 2first century cannabis cultivation and we also believe and ttheir is central to our business strategy that you have to do that if you want to build a global enterprise. You have got to have that consistency. You have got to mitigate risk. You have got to do it economically. And it's got to be scalable and replicable on a global basis. That's what we set out to do from tthey beginning. And now, at Aurora Sky, we think that we have validated that Sky class concept to do exactly what we have been planning to do from tthey beginning. Rob Werttheyimer Thanks so much. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn things back over to Cam Battley for any closing remarks. Cam Battley Yes. I just want to thank everybody for joining us for tthey call. And obviously, we are really looking forward to tthey next one as well for our year-end. So take care and everybody have a great rest of tthey day. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.