Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q4 2022 Results Conference Call September 20, 2022 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Ananth Krishnan - IR Miguel Martin - CEO Glen Ibbott - CFO Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowen Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler Pablo Zuanic - Cantor Fitzgerald Andrew Carter - Stifel Andrew Bond - Jefferies Matt Bottomley - Canaccord Genuity Frederico Gomes - ATB Capital Markets John Zamparo - CIBC Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets Operator Greetings. Welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Inc. Fourth Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, ttheir conference is being recorded. I will now turn tthey conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan. You may begin. Ananth Krishnan Thank you, operator, and we appreciate you all joining us ttheir afternoon. Today with me are, Miguel Martin, CEO; and Glen Ibbott, CFO. After tthey market closed, Aurora issued a news release announcing our fiscal 2022 fourth quarter and full year financial results. Ttheir news release, accompanying financial statements and MD&A will be available on our IR website and can also be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. In addition, you will find a supplemental information deck on our IR website. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed on today’s conference call could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect actual results are detailed in our Michaelual Information Form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may similarly be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. Following tthey prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct a question-and-answer session for our covering analysts. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and ttheyn get back in tthey queue please. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Miguel. Miguel, please go atheyad. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth. Before discussing tthey business more broadly, let me begin with a brief discussion of our latest acquisition, a controlling interest in Bevo, one of tthey largest suppliers of propagated vegetables and ornamental plants in North America. Ttheir transaction first and foremost underscores a disciplined approach to capital allocation; and second, is consistent with both our immediate needs and our vision of becoming a leader in global cannabis. Bevo will be managed by its existing management team who have over 85 years of agricultural experience, and have consistently demonstrated growth in revenue and earnings over tthey past decade. Collectively, ttheyy retain a substantial equity ownership position as ttheyy embark on a robust growth plan. As part of tthey transaction, we have identified a profitable opportunity to repurpose tthey Aurora Sky facility for orchid cultivation and vegetable propagation with minimal capital investment. Ttheir will greatly increase Bevo’s production capability and extended shipping range in Canada and tthey United States. It will also enable us to generate incremental revenue and adjusted EBITDA, while saving on previously announced wind-down and selling costs. Tthey transaction is immediately accretive to Aurora, adding approximately $9 million of annual adjusted EBITDA, and importantly is anottheyr tangible step towards our goal of adjusted EBITDA profitability on a run rate basis by December tthey 31, 2022. We are pleased to have Bevo as our partner and expect our investment to drive significant shareholder value over tthey long run. Beyond tthey acquisition, we feel very good about our position in tthey market. Our optimism is based on tthey intheyrent strength of our global medical cannabis business wtheyre we remain tthey number one Canadian LP. Medical cannabis remains tthey best segment to invest in as is both defensive and stable in turbulent times and commands [enviable](ph) adjusted gross margins that consistently exceed 60%, 2 times that of consumer cannabis. And while our Canadian medical cannabis business is steady, our international business saw revenues increased by over 70% ttheir fiscal year with notable progress in Germany, Poland, tthey UK and Australia. Tthey second reason for our enthusiasm is we continue to excel our rationalizing tthey business to tthey current environment. As you know, our annualized cost savings of $150 million to $170 million will be completed within tthey next two quarters; and once complete, will materially reduce our cash needs and get us closer to EBITDA breakeven. Our balance ttheyyet is also a key differentiator and has enabled us to repurchase $155 million in convertible debt during Q4, which will result in considerable savings on cash interest costs. Additionally, we have approximately $370 million in cash as of yesterday, which makes Aurora one of only a handful of companies within tthey cannabis industry to have a net cash position. Finally, we feel great about our investment in science, which is beginning to pay off. Specifically, our breeding program has delivered nine new proprietary cultivars through our product pipelines since June of 2021, delivered meaningful improvement to yields and is expected to generate incremental high margin revenue through license agreements for ttheyse genetic innovations to ottheyr licensed producers. In fact, I’m excited to announce that we signed our first agreement to license genetics, to a major Canadian LP during Q4, and we expect more to follow. So, let’s take a deeper dive into our global medical cannabis business. During Q4, international medical revenue was up 35% compared to last year as our regulatory expertise, compliance protocols, testing and science capabilities supported our leadership position. While revenue contributions for individual countries can certainly ebb and flow as ttheyse new markets develop due to various factors, including tthey timing of government approvals and import permits, we believe our exposure to nearly a dozen countries outside of Canada affords us relative insulation as it relates to tthey economic climate and conditions in specific countries across Europe, Israel and Australia. In Poland, revenues nearly doubled year-over-year and we maintained our number one market share position. We continue to invest in marketing efforts ttheyre to support our planned launch of new flower and extract products. In tthey UK, our revenues increased by 25% compared to Q4 last year, and we believe we’re tthey market leader in tthey flower segment. UK witnessed rapid growth in patient population over tthey last year, and we hope to see ttheir continue as new clinics open up. Turning to Germany, we received EU GMP certification for our state-of-tthey-art domestic medical cannabis production facility in May, and made our first shipment to German pharmacies that same month. Recall that we hold one of only three licenses in Germany and are number two in medical flower with a 17% volume share. Our market share is also growing steadily in tthey extract market, thanks to new product innovation. During Q4, we also launctheyd three sizes of dronabinol making our first step into that category. While growth in patients has moderated during tthey year, Germany remains tthey largest market in tthey EU with 83 million citizens with only about a 100,000 to 120,000 medical cannabis patients. We are certainly well aware of some of tthey economic challenges that Germany is facing at tthey present time as it grapples with tthey war in Ukraine and tthey impact that is having on energy prices and inflation. Still, we are hopeful tthey growth will pick back up ttheir fiscal year, even against ttheir backdrop, driven by doctor education and a simplified reimbursement process. We expect to begin generating revenues in France in 2023, wtheyre we are currently tthey only supplier of dry flower in tthey pilot program. Finally in Australia, our Q4 revenue rose 700% year-over-year, driven by record number of patients. Let me reiterate that we believe that cannabis growth story will center on international medical and recreational over tthey next several years. Right now, we believe ttheyre are about 150,000 patients in Europe alone. And if tthey countries that have so far legalized medical cannabis were to reach similar adoption levels to Canada, 1% of tthey adult population, tthey patient pool could expand to 3.5 million people. Ttheir fiscal year, we expect a number of new medical markets to come online. And several governments have announced plans for recreational sctheymes, most notably Germany. So, it’s a massive opportunity. We believe our success in medical cannabis provides us with a significant first mover advantage and our leadership will be portable to rec markets as ttheyy open up.  Turning to tthey Canadian medical market. Our leading market share was over 24% while insured patients comprised 81% of our domestic medical sales, up from 79% in Q3. Our net revenue per order and per participating patient have both significantly increased over tthey past year due to a shift towards higtheyr value insured patients, while our direct to consumer approach continues to drive industry leading margins. Overall revenue was flat in Q4 compared to Q3, but we attribute our share gain to tthey best in class service we offer along with new premium products and innovations. We note that acquiring, retaining and moving tthey patients through tthey process requires significant resources and experience, and much of that same infrastructure and know-how with patients in Canada is directly applicable to our success in Europe. Switching to Canadian adult rec, our Q4 revenue increased by $2.3 million as compared to tthey prior quarter. Tthey increase was primarily due to our strengttheyned product offerings in certain categories, along with seven weeks of results from Thrive. Ttheyir premium consumer cannabis net revenue added about $1.4 million. While tthey environment of Canadian rec has seen prolonged macro challenges, we are beginning to see signs of stabilization, and we remain focused on maximizing profitability through low cost production and by entering higtheyr margin categories. Tthey market also continues to highlight tthey importance of innovation and tthey SKU lifecycle, with tthey typical SKU generating 80% of its lifetime value in tthey six months following launch. 13 SKUs were launctheyd across our rec and medical channels in June alone, and we have a stack pipeline that should serve us well over tthey coming quarters. More broadly, we believe that our scientific leadership in cannabis breeding and genetics provides Aurora with a unique advantage that drives value in all tiers of tthey consumer and medical categories. Our breeding program has delivered 9 new proprietary cultivars to our product pipeline since June of 2021, as well as bringing new products to consumers, ttheyy deliver meaningful improvements in yield, which will allow us to boost top quality flower and industry leading margins. For example, our new Farm Gas cultivar delivers nearly double tthey yield of our traditional staple cultivars and does so at an average of 26.5% THC. And with that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Glen for our financial review. But let me quickly say that we’ve made incredible strategic progress during tthey year. We are on track with our transformation plan. And we feel very optimistic about tthey future of tthey business. Glen Ibbott Thank you, Miguel. Good afternoon, everyone. We’re proud to have one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets among Canadian LPs, and I’m pleased that we strengttheyned it even furttheyr during Q4. But at tthey same time that we’ve been executing our cost reduction plan, we also repurchased $155.3 million in principal on convertible notes, with a total cost of $149.2 in cash and that’s including accrued interest. As of yesterday, we had approximately C$370 million of available cash and we have US$209 million principal remaining on tthey convertible notes. We believe that debt reduction, even though maturity is still more than a year out is a smart and defensive capital allocation decision that reduces balance ttheyyet risk, especially important during turbulent markets. Tthey debt reduction executed so far saving us cash interest cost of $9.5 million annually. We continue to have access to a ttheyylf prospectus with US$713.7 million still available including US$186.2 million remaining under our ATM program, which we may utilize from time-to-time for strategic purposes. Our cash flow continues to improve with $22.5 million used in operations in working capital in Q4, compared to $39.3 million in tthey prior quarter. Q4 includes restructuring and severance payments of $6.8 million. We’re moving closer to our positive adjusted EBITDA target, as we have reduced our loss by $8.9 million versus Q4 of last year. If we compare to last quarter, Q3, our adjusted EBITDA loss increased by about $1.5 million and that’s driven mostly by a change in tthey Company’s sales channel mix. As Miguel mentioned, we also expect a positive contribution from our controlling stake in Bevo, which delivered EBITDA of $9 million for tthey year ending June 30, 2022. I should note that tthey Bevo business has a strong seasonal cadence with tthey period from January to June expected to deliver roughly two-thirds of tthey full annual revenue and EBITDA. So overall, Aurora remains on track to achieve a positive adjusted EBITDA run rate as we execute it. Q4 net cannabis revenue was $50.2 million and that’s compared to $50.4 million last quarter. Q4 revenue included tthey non-routine $1 million provision for returns from prior period. So excluding that prior period adjustment, revenue was $51.2 million. Medical cannabis fell modestly, while consumer cannabis rose, due mostly to contributions from our Thrive acquisition. So, let me now address each of our core businesses in a bit more detail. Canadian medical revenue was $24.9 million in Q4, up $118,000 from Q3 and reflecting tthey stability of ttheir business. Our focus and traction with tthey insured patient population is certainly beneficial to us as it provides greater consistency to tthey segment in any economic environment while tthey higtheyr margin nature of ttheir business compared to tthey consumer cannabis business contributes substantially more to our bottom line. Our international medical revenue was $11.6 million, and that reflected 35% growth versus tthey same quarter a year ago, but a 20% decrease sequentially. Tthey increase compared to Q4 last year was due to our strong presence in key international growth markets, including Australia, Poland and tthey UK. Tthey decrease relative to last quarter resulted from tthey temporary situation of limited supply of high demand cultivars in Europe, coupled with a weakened euro. We expect ttheyse supply issues to continue through Q1, but to improve in tthey following quarters. Taken togettheyr, our leading Canadian and global medical businesses performed well, generating $36.6 million in sales and adjusted gross margins of 62%, down only slightly from 64% in tthey prior quarter. Medical represents about 73% of our Q4 revenue and about 86% of our adjusted gross profit. Ttheir segment best distinguittheyys us from our competitors and is critical to Aurora’s path to deliver a positive adjusted run rate as we exit December 2022. Our Q4 consumer revenue was $12.6 million, a $2.3 million increase compared to last quarter. Consumer cannabis represented about 27% of our Q4 revenue and about 14% of our adjusted gross profit. Tthey revenue increase was due mainly to $1.4 million from tthey addition of Thrive’s consumer business, starting May 6th and tthey relative stabilization of our Canadian consumer business. Now, that being said, we do expect some short-term disruptions to Q1 consumer cannabis revenue due to tthey cyber attack on tthey Ontario cannabis store distribution system and a significant labor strike at BC’s liquor and cannabis distribution centers with our revenue exposure from ttheyse events being as much as $3 million in Q1. We do not expect ttheir to impact our timelines to profitability. As I just mentioned, our medical business is responsible for about 86% of our adjusted gross profit. SG&A, which includes R&D, came in at $49.3 million in Q4. However, ttheir included $6.7 million in restructuring costs and $2.3 million in prior period employee-related accruals. Ttheir restructuring related to significant staffing reductions we took in June 2022 as part of our business and cost transformation plan. So, excluding ttheyse costs, Q4 SG&A was $39.1 million. And ttheir is our lowest level of SG&A in almost four years. Ultimately, we expect to drive SG&A for tthey existing cannabis business to below $30 million with a meaningful reduction expected in Q1 and tthey full savings being realized by December 2022. So pulling all of ttheir togettheyr, we generated an adjusted EBITDA loss in Q4 2022 of $12.9 million compared to $11.4 million in previous quarter. Ttheir is driven mostly by a change in tthey Company’s sales mix to more consumer revenue and sales in Q4, which yielded lower average net selling prices. Looking forward into Q1 fiscal 2023, we do expect to see an improvement to adjusted EBITDA, but that will be driven primarily by a reduction in SG&A to under $35 million in Q1. I would like to reiterate our commitment to annualized cost savings of $150 million to $170 million. Ttheyse savings are evenly split between cost of goods sold and SG&A, and we are seeing ttheym reflected in our P&L, eittheyr as ttheyy occur for tthey SG&A savings or as inventory is drawn down for production-related savings. With tthey decisions we have taken, we are working toward a leaner, more agile operating model, and that is expected to provide strong EBITDA leverage as future revenues increase. During Q4, we also recognized non-cash impairment charges of $505.1 million. Ttheir is relating to goodwill, intangible assets and ottheyr tangible assets. Tthey impairment represents tthey full remaining goodwill balance associated with Aurora’s cannabis operations and tthey impairment was partially due to changes in cannabis market conditions but most importantly, tthey changes in tthey current capital market environment, including higtheyr rates of borrowing and lower foreign exchange rates. Now, finally, just a minor housekeeping item. Our upcoming fiscal year 2023 will only have three quarters as we are changing our fiscal year end to March 31st. And that’s in order to achieve certain internal cost and staffing efficiencies. Ttheyse include -- ttheyre are three key points from my financial review that I’d like to reiterate. First, our balance ttheyyet is stronger than ever, supported by a theyalthy cash balance, reduced convertible debt level, and improving working capital and cash flow. Second, our medical businesses in Canada and globally provide us with a competitive advantage and are critical to us generating sustainable profitability. And finally, we’ve taken tthey actions to meet our targeted range for cost savings by December 2022. Ttheyse will have a materially positive impact on our bottom-line and reflect a leaner operating model that positions us well for future growth. So, thanks for your interest in Aurora. And I’ll now turn tthey call back to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks Glen. Here are four brief takeaways before we take your questions. One, we’re better positioned than ever to achieve our goal of a positive adjusted EBITDA run rate as we exit tthey quarter in December of 2022, and we have listed out several data points that support that theyre today. Two, our medical cannabis business is a formidable force in tthey industry, both domestically and internationally. It remains tthey smartest cannabis segment to invest behind today, given tthey long-term growth opportunities, tthey high margins and tthey defensive nature of tthey segment described earlier. Three, tthey Canadian rec market is in tthey process of correcting. And as tthey recovery is complete, we will have added opportunity for market share and pricing. Four, our science and innovation program represents anottheyr high-margin opportunity that’s just started. To conclude, we are making significant strategic progress with each passing quarter, we’re nearing tthey completion of our business transformation plan, and have done so while strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet. In addition, we’ve made two acquisitions in tthey past few months, Thrive and ttheyn Bevo, which underscores our ability to grow organically and through M&A, and we feel confident that we can create significant long-term shareholder value, particularly from ttheyse levels. We appreciate your time and interest in Aurora, and now be happy to take your questions. Operator, please open tthey lines for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from tthey line of Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please proceed with your question. Vivien Azer So, I just wanted to dig on -- dig into some of tthey revenue versus volume dynamics that you guys experienced in tthey quarter. Maybe it’s as simple as FX theyadwinds, which we’re very familiar with covering large cap staples. But usually your revenues and volumes, at least directionally, move in tandem, and it seems like ttheyre was a bit of a divergence ttheyre. So I’m wondering if ttheyre is any geographic mix or ottheyr price mix considerations to call out please. Thank you. Miguel Martin Glen? Glen Ibbott Viv, I think what we saw was a bit of a mix change between consumer and medical. Our European medical did take a step down in tthey quarter, particularly in Germany as ttheyre is a cultivar ttheyre producing ran into few production problems. Ttheyy are correctable. Ttheyy are in process of being corrected. But -- so, what we ttheyn saw, if you’re looking at our average pricing, it’s something -- is that consumer particularly with tthey addition of driving stuff, it’s a greater impact from tthey consumer pricing than we normally see in tthey mix. So, that might be what you’re looking at. But ottheyr than that, I think it was just kind of business as usual in terms of volume. So, you get that impact from more volume right through on tthey consumer business and lower average pricing. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question. Michael Lavery I just wanted to understand some of your thinking on tthey portfolio strategy a little bit more. Tthey greenhouse synergies with Bevo makes sense and take advantage of just your particular situation and obviously add -- theylp add some EBITDA. But, are ttheyre any ottheyr adjacencies you’d be considering or that are on your radar, I guess just one part of it? And maybe related is just also as you think about tthey EBITDA target, is any more expected to come from M&A? Miguel Martin Yes. I mean -- so let me try to unpack that a little bit. I think as it pertains to M&A, our center of tthey play to wtheyre we sort of live is medical cannabis, global medical cannabis. And so, for that reason, certain things that have been of interest to ottheyrs are probably not as much of interest to us. Secondly, our position on tthey U.S. I think is one that’s been validated. It’s going to take longer. I’m of tthey strong belief that it’s going to be a -- if it’s federal, it’s going to be a medical construct with tthey FDA involved. And clearly, given our dominance internationally on medical cannabis would have a lot of options ttheyre. So, if you take tthey U.S. out of tthey mix and you take maybe some ottheyr things out of tthey mix, you find certain things that maybe are more attracted to us than ottheyrs. We liked Thrive and we’ve talked about that because of tthey management team and tthey ability to really support what I think important synergies between rec and medical. Bevo we think is just an absolute diamond in tthey rough, incredible propagator of science, has a really clever use of tax benefits as it pertains to Sky and has a big upside of growth for what we thought was a fair value, both for us and for ttheyir shareholders. So, I think Michael, we’ll continue to look at things like that. We’ve been terribly patient. As Glen was pretty eloquent about tthey balance ttheyyet, it’s important to me that we have a really strong balance ttheyyet, so we’re not going to chase ttheyre. But if things come up, we’ve got tthey fire power to go after ttheym. Tthey only ottheyr place that maybe is of more interest to someone like us than maybe ottheyrs are those things that connect into medical cannabis. It’s my opinion, and I think it’s been proven out that you can make investments around medical cannabis, and those investments in some cases are portable around tthey world, infrastructure, systems, understandings around patients, and science, which is something we’ve made a lot of investments in and ttheyy now are just starting to pay dividends. So, steady as we go. I think, we’re pretty good shape. In terms of tthey EBITDA part, tthey reality is if we can hold revenues and margins flat from tthey current level and we can get SG&A under 30, you get ttheyre. And so, we expect to reach that type of SG&A by Q2 and we’ve shown a lot of progress. And I think, while some may have ottheyr questions, wtheyn we’ve said we’re going to do something around efficiencies, we’ve done it. And that SG&A would clearly be consistent with that. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. Pablo Zuanic Miguel, I’m looking at a press release Tilray issued on September 6th, and it says “Tilray initiates roundtable with German regulators to kick-off draft legislation, to legalize adult-use cannabis in Germany.” And I’m wondering wtheyn I saw tthey press release, I said, well, I mean, I suppose that Aurora will soon issue a similar press release. So, I guess, tthey question -- tthey very basic question is, can you tell us, or give some color about your lobbying capabilities, your people on tthey ground, your potential seat at tthey table in theylping draft tthey German program. Because again, I was surprised, Tilray issued a press release and we didn’t theyar from you. And if I may add, a part B to tthey question, wtheyre do you guys stand today in terms of wtheyttheyr Germany will allow imports or it’s going to be initially mostly just domestic production? Thank you. Miguel Martin You got it. So, tthey first thing is I’m not theyre to comment on anybody. I have tremendous respect for my competitors, and what ttheyy do is what ttheyy do. But -- so I don’t really have any comment on that. In terms of tthey German market, we’ve made a significant investment in Germany. We have what we think might be one of tthey leading government relations, government affairs executives in Germany. He is having good conversations with tthey regulators. I’ve spent my whole career working on things like ttheir in both, tobacco and alcohol, and ttheyy’re never a straight line. I think, as it pertains to Germany, ttheyre’s two things going on as you well know and you’ve written a lot about, is both enhancements to tthey medical business, which we’re very excited about as one of tthey leaders in medical cannabis in Germany, and secondly, is tthey legalization of tthey rec business. So, my understanding and our understanding is that industries -- what industry needs in order for that to be successful is being considered. Tthey German government is -- almost always are being very thoughtful about tthey stakeholders and tthey timing in which ttheir can be done in a compliant way. I would expect ttheyir learnings from medical will color how ttheyy so go about tthey implementation of rec business, which is why we think those companies that have facilities with tthey medical business who have advantages in rec, and as we said earlier, we’re one of only three companies that have a license to produce in Germany. Now specific to your question about in-country, I think tthey going in position I think for most folks should be that because of tthey UN conventions and just because of tthey way tthey regs are going to work for rec is that tthey most obvious path for rec would be in-country manufacturing. Now, clearly wtheyttheyr tthey number is 200 tons or 300 tons or 400 tons in order to service that rec market, that is significantly more capacity than three of us have. But clearly, that would be an opportunity ttheyre. We also would say that while rec most likely would be an in-country production exercise, medical continues to be allowed with an EU GMP certification to have products brought into Germany. We do that successfully today from both, our Nordic facility as well as our Canadian facilities. And we think it’s one of our core competencies. So, more to follow in Germany, I understand tthey interest in it. I think what I would tell people is it’s going to move thoughtfully. It might not always be a straight line, but we have tremendous respect for tthey regulators ttheyre in what we’ve seen from tthey medical business. And I think, my expectation is that it will be a robust rec business. I just can’t predict wtheyn, but at tthey time it will be compliant companies, experienced companies and thoughtful companies will have an advantage in Germany. And ttheyn clearly Germany implements ttheir, that will be a beacon for ottheyr key markets around tthey world in terms of how you can go from medical cannabis and to recreational cannabis. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Carter from Stifel. Andrew Carter Focusing on tthey Bevo business, which we certainly have experience with covering Site One. Number one, do you see ttheir platform to go deeper in ttheir, given that ttheir is a very fragmented space and you now have a team to run that? And ttheyn, tthey second you have tthey decision to repurpose Sky versus selling it, which -- that’s an opportunity cost that if you will kind of adds to tthey cost of acquisition. What kind of timeline are you giving tthey Bevo team to get ttheir up to speed, achieve a return, versus if it didn’t go well, kind of returning to that original selling tthey facility and also getting rid of all of tthey costs associated with it? Miguel Martin You got it, Andrew. So, first on Bevo, Bevo is a tremendous business, and you guys did cover it and so did ottheyrs. I think it is a fallacy to say that Bevo didn’t work in that previous construct wtheyn it was connected to anottheyr cannabis company. Bevo did work. It’s just that combination did not work. We are not combining Bevo with Aurora from cannabis assets and non-cannabis assets. So, ttheyre’s that. Secondly, Bevo is a tremendous business. Ttheyy have significant big box contracts, both in Canada and tthey U.S. And ttheyre is a lot of opportunity right now in North America for ttheym to expand that business, both in Canada and tthey U.S. because of shipping costs. And many of tthey items that ttheyy produce are produced offshore in Asia and Souttheyast Asia. And so, ttheyy have tremendous opportunities ttheyre. And we’re excited about that, particularly since it can be done in a very capital-light manner. It’s not going to draw down cash resources from Aurora that would expand that. And tthey team that has so successfully run it is going to continue to run it. Ttheir is not -- Aurora does not pretend to have excellence in orchids or propagation. So, it was key for us to have those key folks, Leo and Andrew and those key guys over ttheyre to run it, and we are thrilled about that. As it pertains to Sky, listen, I don’t want to get too pumped-up about ttheir. But tthey combination of tthey tax benefit, tthey repurposing, tthey changes in tthey tax designation and tthey upside that it presents very quickly for Bevo was a way better deal than being caught up with everybody else trying to sell cannabis assets. And at tthey end of tthey day, if ttheyy can’t get ttheyre, we can always sell it in that key Edmonton market. But tthey beauty, if ttheyre is such a thing, of all tthey money that’s been spent on Sky, is ttheyre is not a lot of CapEx or OpEx required by Bevo in order to generate revenue. So, as Glen mentioned, tthey Bevo business is a bit seasonal and it contributes more in our Q2, Q3 than it does in Q1. But to answer your question, I think we’ll know, in say next 9 to 12 months exactly what Sky means for Bevo. And if it doesn’t work out, we still have that optionality. But tthey offset of all tthey things I’ve mentioned make that play significantly a better advantage for Aurora than just selling it for pennies on tthey dollar. Operator And our next question comes from tthey line of Andrew Bond with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Andrew Bond Hey. Good evening, Andrew Bond on tthey line for Owen Bennett. Thank you for taking our question. So, from us, on tthey international segment, can you give us some more detail on performance between markets? Not looking for an exact breakout, but I think last earnings call, you all discussed plans to launch extracts in tthey UK in 4Q and also some top market share positions in tthey ottheyr key markets like Australia, Germany, Poland. So, any detail on wtheyre sales came from in 4Q and wtheyre ttheyre might have been some weakness relative to 3Q? And if I could just sneak in maybe more broadly, how you would characterize growth atheyad in fiscal ‘23? Thank you. Miguel Martin Sure. Let me take a top-line comment about international and some of those key markets, and I’ll Glen get into some of tthey details about it. So, as we said in our prepared remarks, it is really important to be operating in a lot of countries. You got to operate in tthey right countries. And so tthey reason for that is, ttheyse sales are still a bit lumpy. We’ve all seen that in what’s happened with Israel. But wtheyttheyr it’s import permits or shipments or tthey regs sort of evolving, you get ttheyse sort of months wtheyre have ttheyse sales and you have ttheyse months you don’t. Secondly, a lot of ttheyse investments can play out and really generate incremental margins and revenue, if ttheyy are laid over a broader system. So, tthey same production system, tthey same cultivars, tthey same genetics, tthey same a lot of things are similar to what we do in Germany, Czech Republic, Poland, on and on and on. Now, you have to have different distribution models to take advantage of those different pieces, and we have done that. And so, in most markets, we are just tthey manufacturer, but in ottheyr markets, we have a sales force and a wholesale piece. Tthey Western European or tthey international market as a whole is absolutely growing and clearly is tthey fastest growing segment of global cannabis, which is ttheir medical piece. And I will say that tthey regs are quite similar, wtheyttheyr that’s packaging, stability testing, manufacturing, EU GMP, ttheyre has been ttheir sort of consistency and evolution that advantages a company like us. Now, in terms of tthey actual specifics on tthey country breakouts, Glen, I’ll turn that over to you. Glen Ibbott Yes, thanks. So, I mean, we keep calling out tthey same countries as kind of tthey dominant ones for us in our network and that’s Germany, Poland, UK, and Australia. But to Miguel’s point, ttheyy definitely are lumpy, like Australia for instance in Q4 was up 75% from tthey previous quarter. But ttheyn as I look at Q1, it’ll come down again and Q2 looks good again. So, it’s very -- we’ve called it a lumpy or something, and that’s why it’s really important to have that portfolio, because for tthey most part our international business is fairly predictable, but country by country, as ttheyy develop and as ttheyy find wtheyre those barriers are that need to be knocked down, patient access, things like that. And that was definitely tthey story in Australia a year or two back wtheyn ttheyy had to improve patient accessibility, and ttheyn tthey market seems to be really kind of taking off. In terms of our extract in Germany, we did launch in Q4 -- late in Q4. So we don’t see much in terms of revenue in Germany, in Q4, but it is an important part of tthey competitive landscape ttheyre. So, we are in that market now, and we’ll report more as we go forward on how that piece of our business is going. So again, Germany, Australia, UK, Poland, being tthey predominant international medical markets for us right now. But I’d say, ttheyre’s probably at least four or five ottheyrs that are contributing revenue in Q4. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Matt Bottomley with Canaccord Genuity. Matt Bottomley Just two questions for me on tthey revenue side of things. First just on tthey consumer sales in Canada, ttheyre’s a bit of a divergence I think was noted with respect to Aurora sales relative to tthey macro level data on some of ttheyse point of sales subscription services we all look like. So, Glen, you had mentioned some of tthey theyadwinds related to maybe tthey OCS website or some ottheyrs. So I’m just wondering if you can give us a little more color on that. And tthey second question on revenue is just related to your international sales is tthey current $11 million to $12 million that you did in Q4. If that just stays flat for tthey sake of argument, is that sufficient to get you to your profitability targets on an adjusted EBITDA considering a lot of your margin does come from those sales. Thanks guys. Miguel Martin Yes. Let me comment on syndicated data, and ttheyn Glen can obviously give you tthey background. One of tthey gaps in some of ttheir syndicated data that everybody looks at is Quebec. Quebec is our largest province in terms of sales. And so, it underweights what we’re doing. I think, generally tthey rec business overall for an LP is generally challenging. It was referenced before what happened with tthey hack, unfortunately in tthey OCS that caused about two weeks of disruption. Ttheyy did an unbelievable job to get back up and running. We also saw tthey strike out in BC that had a pretty significant effect for a long period of time. That’s been cleaned up as well. I think, tthey combination of that, and retail stores feeling a lot of pressure plus compressed margins overall means you really have to be sort of focused in wtheyre we went and tthey Thrive team’s done a tremendous job. And you can still -- ttheyre’s still places you can find to make money, premium flower obviously, but vapes, concentrates, and some of tthey ottheyr things that ttheyy’re particularly good at. So I think, we’re going to be in ttheir wash a little bit longer in terms of what tthey macro sort of issues are with rec. But wtheyn it comes out, ttheyre is tremendous amount of efficiencies for someone that does as well as we do in medical and rec to have some of those items, particularly as patients are starting to look for more premium items, and clinicians are starting to be more open to variety. So, Glen, you want to pick up tthey rest of it?  Glen Ibbott Yes. Thanks very much, Miguel. Yes. So certainly, consumer revenue at tthey current levels would be more than adequate to get us to our profitability goal. If you -- certainly picking up tthey message that most of our gross profit is being generated out of our medical businesses. So, 86% in Q4, and that was a quarter wtheyre our international medical had a little bit of a pause. So, normal, tthey quarter before say Q3 was 90% of our gross profits were coming out of our medical system. So, absolutely as we see growth picking up again in Europe and Australia over tthey next number of quarters, Canadian business, tthey objective is to stabilize it, getting on good footing and give it a launch pad for growth in tthey future. But tthey short term plan is to really get to our profitability goal on tthey back of our medical businesses. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Frederico Gomes with ATB Capital Markets. Frederico Gomes So, just on tthey international side, we are seeing some increased competition in some markets, namely Israel, several ottheyr LPs and international companies exporting to different markets. So, can you talk about how you see that competition coming? Are you seeing any margin pressure in international? And what sort of advantages do you have to compete in your main markets, like Germany and Poland? Miguel Martin Sure. So, listen, I’ve spent a lot of time in Israel and Israel is obviously a key market for a lot of folks. Tthey challenges we’ve talked about in Israel is ttheyy have a significant amount of local production. And clearly that has advantages. So, tthey import permits and tthey process, and tthey certification of Israel is sort of an evolving one. What we’ve said about that is that we’re not going to give any forward-looking guidance on Israel. But wtheyn we have a shipment, we always let people know because of tthey size of it. I’m not -- we haven’t had a shipment in a bit on Israel. I don’t think that’s a forever situation. But right now, it’s not as big a focus because -- and to your point, ttheyre has been a little bit of margin compression and a lot of people are fighting for that, including tthey local growers that have a lot of advantages. And I’ve got tremendous respect for that. Overall internationally because of tthey medical setup, we haven’t seen tthey type of margin compression that you’ve seen in tthey Canadian rec business or in tthey U.S. overall. And ttheyse are really hard markets to get into. Germany, which everybody talks about is about a 6 to 12-month process in order to even qualify a cultivar. Tthey variance on tthey potency can only be 10% in ttheyir lab, which is a very difficult standard to get to. And ttheyre’s a significant amount of ottheyr work that you have to do around stability testing and whatnot. Tthey ottheyr piece of ttheir is tthey fact that patients are quite sticky. Once ttheyy find something ttheyy like, wtheyttheyr it’s ours or a competitive product, unlike rec wtheyre you see massive share movements between top SKUs, you don’t see that in tthey medical business. And ttheyre’s clearly first mover advantage, ttheyre’s clearly a consistency advantage to those companies that can keep stuff in stock and are rolled out of tthey medical market. So international cannabis, in most markets you’re seeing maybe four companies, possibly five companies making up tthey lion share of sales. As we’ve all talked about, Canadian rec as an example of top five companies do less than a third of tthey overall business. And so, I think tthey international business has proven to be sticky. And as you go forward with tthey advent of things such as clinical research, partnership with clinicians, ttheyse systems getting bigger, I think you’re going to still see in most markets, big markets like Germany that three or four companies will do tthey lion’s share of tthey business for a long time and we expect Aurora to be one of ttheym. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Zamparo with CIBC. Please proceed with your question. John Zamparo Thanks. Good evening. I wanted to get back to Bevo. And if we think about tthey evolution of Aurora over time, it used to be a pretty broad, expansive business as multiple segments, ttheyn narrowed down to be purely cannabis. And Bevo is certainly outside tthey core strategy of what tthey company was. But what I’m wondering is, should we view ttheir as Bevo was trying to optimize tthey decision with Sky, or do you want to furttheyr diversify tthey business away from pure cannabis at ttheir point? Miguel Martin I think, John, and sorry, I know we talked about -- I missed you and your folks ttheir week. Here’s how I would think about Bevo. Everything that we do is about being a global leader in medical cannabis. In order to do that, ttheyre are two things that we have been innately focused on. One is profitability and secondly is strengttheyning some core underpinnings that we think will be an advantage to that pursuit of global leadership in medical cannabis. Bevo was really interesting to us for a couple of reasons. One is about Sky. And so, tthey tax option ttheyre, tthey use of Sky, tthey ability for it to very quickly, without CapEx, produce a significant amount of predictable, profitable revenue was important to us. Secondly, ttheyre are synergies and efficiencies. We haven’t gotten into ttheym yet and we are not going to do it in a disruptive way. But propagation has always been ttheir sort of interesting play in cannabis. And while it’s done in tthey U.S., it’s not really done in Canada. And so, tthey excellence of 80 plus years around propagation, science, ttheyre will be things that will come out of tthey Bevo system or tthey Aurora system that will be additive. And as we look at agriculture, as a general sort of play and things around it, we do see it’s additive. Now, I don’t -- tthey concept of adjacency, I do believe in staying close to tthey core. But, if ttheyre are things that are profitable, ttheyre is a good value for our shareholders and is additive both financially and ttheymatically, particularly from a science standpoint to our overall mission, I think we’re going to be interested in that. And I’m pretty proud of ttheir deal for a lot of different reasons, but proof’s in tthey pudding and I don’t want to get over my skis too much on it. But ttheir is a really great team, a really good use of assets, CapEx light and produces a lot of strength for us. So, we’ll see. Operator And our last question comes from tthey line of Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. Tamy Ctheyn Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. My question is on tthey science side, particularly tthey licensing of genetics. Miguel, I was just curious, ttheir particular aspect of tthey science business, how do you see that fit within tthey overall Aurora business? Like, is ttheir an area that you’re very-focused on you do want to expand? Like, what’s tthey opportunity size that you see? And I guess, tthey last part of tthey question I have is, whatever genetics that do come out of your R&D and innovation that are good, I’m just wondering like why don’t you just keep that for yourselves and grow it for your own business, wtheyttheyr it’s your own medical or consumer segment? Thank you.  Miguel Martin You’re very welcome. So, it is something we’re focused on. Aurora has spent an inordinate amount of time and effort on ttheir. And it may be, I don’t want to say it is, but it may be one of tthey largest genetic facilities connected to cannabis in tthey world. And so, as it pertains to that, ttheyre are significant advantages, not just around variety and uniqueness of tthey cultivars, say chasing potency, and terp levels. Plant theyalth, I referenced yield, Farm Gas is twice, 2x tthey yield per square meter than some of our theirtorical cultivars that totally changes footprint and all types of different things that are going on. Ttheyre’s incredible work being done on things like powdery mildew. And so, what I’ve seen is that wtheyn you look at ottheyr agricultural categories, ttheyre are companies that are not branded that are not participating from a manufacturing standpoint of selling ttheyir items, but ttheyy’re genetics, ttheyir science, and ttheyy are participating in those markets. And we’re all familiar with ttheym. No, one’s really doing that today on a global scale, and we think ttheyre’s a space ttheyre. I also don’t view it as a conflict. We have about a 3 share in tthey rec business. We have a 24 share in tthey Canadian medical business. And we have enough assets in order to serve our pipeline, both domestically and internationally as well as sell that.  And some of ttheyse licensing deals are very innovative and to be honest are not overly creative. And you see ttheym in ottheyr categories such as soybean and vegetables and tomatoes and ottheyr things that were around because of some of our partnerships. And so, like I said, we’re excited about ttheir. Tthey last part of ttheir, while ttheyre are some LPs doing ttheir, ttheyre is a huge gap from particularly Canadian LPs and accessing world class genetics. Ttheyy just haven’t done tthey work, and it’s not something you can snap your fingers and start up. Ttheir is a 5 or 10 year process in breeding and genetics and in training in order to be ttheyre. And so, we’re excited about what it means for us. And you see some of those -- some of that stuff in tthey market. We’re also excited about what it means, from -- for being able to sell it and generating revenue streams. Because tthey reality is we’re not going to have a 50 share of tthey rec business. And unlike some of my past businesses wtheyre we’ve been having ttheyse massive market shares, so ttheyre’s plenty of place to do it. And as ttheir stuff evolves, it’s our hope we’ll be able to sell genetics internationally as well. So, I think it’s a great play. Almost tthey entirety of that spend is already accounted for. And we think ttheyre’s huge upside in not only for us, but for ottheyrs in accessing those genetics and those incredible sort of science innovations.  Operator We have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. I’ll turn tthey call back over to Miguel Martin for closing remarks. Miguel Martin Listen, I appreciate everybody’s interest. Our plan is absolutely on track. And I understand, as I mentioned with tthey regulations that tthey progression of a successful cannabis company is not a straight line. But in terms of tthey cost efficiencies we’ve done and will do what we’ve said. We’ve focused on those areas of tthey business that is profitable. And we do see an upside. And as ttheyse markets continue to come on line, it’s been medical first and ttheyn rec, and we think Aurora is in a great position. So we appreciate your support. We appreciate your interest. And we look forward to sharing our progress as we move forward. Best to all and your families, wish you all tthey best. And we’ll go from ttheyre. Thanks everybody. Operator And ttheir concludes today’s conference, and you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.