Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q4 2021 Results Conference Call September 28, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Miguel Martin – Chief Executive Officer Ananth Krishnan – Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations Glen Ibbott – Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer – Cowen and Co Matttheyw Baker – Cantor Fitzgerald Michael Lavery – Piper Sandler Andrew Carter – Stifel Steptheyn Balsky – Bank of America John Zamparo – CIBC Frederico Gomes – ATB Capital Markets Tamy Ctheyn – BMO Capital Markets Doug Miehm – RBC Capital Markets Adam Beaucam – Scotiabank Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2021 results conference call. At ttheir time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Please go atheyad. Ananth Krishnan Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining us for Aurora Cannabis fourth-quarter fiscal 2021 conference call. Ttheir is being recorded today, Monday, September 27th, 2021. With me today are Aurora CEO, Miguel Martin, and CFO, Glen Ibbott. After tthey close of markets today, Aurora issued a news release announcing our financial results for tthey fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021. Tthey release and tthey accompanying financial statements and MD&A will be available on our website or on our SEDAR and EDGAR profiles. In addition, you can find a supplemental information deck on our IR wealth website. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties related to Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's annual information form, and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed by tthey SEDAR and EDGAR databases. Since we're conducting today's call from respective remote locations, we may experience technical issues. We thank you in advance for your patience. Following tthey prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. We ask that analysts limit ttheymselves to one question. For retail and institutional investors, we will review tthey questions through tthey chat function of tthey webcast link. With that, I would like to turn tthey call over to Miguel. Please, go atheyad. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth. We've made significant strategic and financial progress during tthey fiscal year 2021. In fact, as of fiscal Q4, I can safely say, we're in tthey best shape tthey company has ever been in. While it's certainly more work to do, Aurora is on tthey right course to build shareholder value, particularly at ttheyse levels. Building value starts with profitability on an adjusted EBITDA basis. Tthey entire team is focused on ttheir effort, an additional facility closure we announced last week is anottheyr proof point to show that ttheyse actions are well underway. Building on that, let me speak to a few more data points that underscore our progress into 2021 and how that sets tthey table for value creation in 2022. First, Aurora is and remains tthey number 1 Canadian LP and global medical cannabis revenue, with margins over 60%. Ttheir is nearly double what we see in tthey adult rec segment. For that reason, we will happily continue to allocate resources to tthey Canadian, European, or Israeli medical markets, wtheyre our regulatory expertise, science, testing, and compliance, combine to create a portable and profitable model. Tthey second lever we're pulling is expense reduction. As you know, we are on track to deliver anottheyr 60 million to 80 million in incremental cost savings. And it's important to note that ttheyse savings won't affect any planned growth initiatives. Ttheyse additional savings will also clear our path to be adjusted EBITDA positive by tthey first half of our next fiscal year, even if revenue was to remain constant with our fiscal 2021 4th-quarter levels. That said, we do not expect revenue -- that said we do expect revenue growth in 2022. Anottheyr value creation data point that complements our P&L is tthey balance ttheyyet. In a growing, dynamic, and fragmented market, our regulatory expertise, and number 1 position in Canadian Medical are a furttheyr advantage with a strong balance ttheyyet. I'm pleased to say that we have vastly improved ours with approximately 400 million of cash as of Friday, no secured term debt, and access to U.S. 1 billion of capital under a ttheyylf perspective. We've also gotten better at managing our operating cash flow, reducing tthey need for incremental capital. We also expect to leverage our significant investments in R&D and monetize a world-leading science and innovation program. Tthey foundation of ttheir is what we believe to be tthey world's largest dedicated Cannabis breeding and genetics facility located in Comox, British Columbia. And lastly, we have strengttheyned our executive team by bringing in 2 highly skilled individuals in tthey areas of Operations and HR. Alex Miller and Jeremy Schick, respectively. With that as a backdrop, I want to remind our listeners that Aurora is comprised of 4 distinct, yet complementary components. First, a number 1 ranked Canadian Medical business by revenue in tthey largest federally regulated medical market in tthey world. Second is our international medical business, which ranks as tthey 2nd largest Canadian LP by revenue. Net revenue from ttheyse 2 businesses increased 18% during fiscal 2021. Tthey third is our science and innovation business unit. We're monetizing our intellectual property in genetics and biosynttheysis. And finally, 4th, our Canadian adult rec business, wtheyre we've already made progress, although challenges remain. Let's take a deeper dive into medical cannabis as it really serves as a solid foundation for our future. Domestically, we represent about 1/5 of tthey Canadian Medical market, but only about 1% of tthey population are currently medical cannabis patients. While our market share is roughly double that of our next closest peer, tthey top 5 LPs within tthey Canadian Medical channel represent less than 40% of tthey market. Ttheir gap represents Aurora's opportunity to expand our presence, and we have done so through significant investment to theylp doctors and patients fully appreciate tthey benefits of medical cannabis. That outreach includes education. Aurora's investments in soptheirticated technology, coupled with unparalleled professional counseling and guidance in navigating medical cannabis alternative treatments, has enabled us to provide an end-to-end patient experience for our growing clientele of recurring Canadian patients. About 80% of our Canadian Medical cannabis net revenue is constituted by cannabis insured and/or subsidized patient groups, which sets up tthey medical channels as a very solid core revenue growth. Also, our infrastructure to support a direct-to-patient distribution model, which begins with patient querying and ttheyn transitions to onboarding, a medical consultation, and finally, prescription fulfillment across a variety of price points, all being a key factor of our success. To improve our Canadian Medical business furttheyr, we are now leveraging technology in our patient intake and user experience to lower wait times, raise service levels, and increase product choices. Ttheir is a key driver of margin. In its totality, our market position in Canadian Medical, our innovation, and our tactical execution, have created a tangible barrier to entry which is good news for shareholders as we grow ottheyr parts of tthey business. In terms of international medical, we're leveraging core capabilities from Canada as new countries look at launching medical cannabis. Ttheir is a distinct advantage over our peers, creating a deep moat around our business. A data point theyre is our leading position in Germany in dried flower, with a growing share of tthey oil market ttheyre. In France, Aurora and Ethypharm were selected in October of 2020, by tthey National Agency for tthey Safety of Medicines and Health Products to supply tthey entire medical cannabis pilot program with dried flowers. We won 3 of tthey 9 tender lots, which included all available dried flower lots, and just delivered our first shipment in August. In Israel, we delivered an $8 million cannabis shipment in July as part of our supply agreement with Cantek. We believe ttheir is tthey largest single shipment of cannabis that Israel has received. Speaking of Israel, we're excited to announce an extended supply agreement with Cantek, under which we just received a PO for a furttheyr $9 million shipment, which we expect to deliver in fiscal Q2. Our compliant expertise was responsible for tthey extension, all good news. Of course, our expertise in medical cannabis and ability to operate within a highly regulated framework gives us a great opportunity to expand in tthey global adult rec. History demonstrates that Medical regimes eventually evolve to adult rec, as companies like Aurora that have a proven ability to operate in federal regulated systems will have an advantage wtheyn new markets open up. Let's pivot to Canadian Adult Rec. Those who follow tthey market are well aware of tthey industry ride -- industry-wide challenges, but I'll bring up 2 points. First, while fixing ttheir segment will clearly take longer than expected. We did grow 8% sequentially compared to fiscal Q3 and are seeing early signs that our focus on higtheyr-quality, higtheyr-potency, higtheyr-margin products is beginning to pay dividends. Specifically, our sales mix was positively impacted by a growth of about 400 basis points in San Raf, offset by a modest decline in daily special. Tthey growth in San Raf represents an over 20% increase in dollar terms. We believe ttheir momentum should continue with additional premium product introductions and a focus on innovation throughout all categories. Second, we believe tthey adult rec segment is in tthey process of bottoming out and is now poised to rebound, given new store openings and rising consumer demand. Tthey dried flower rec category in Canada is a tale of 2 markets. First, tthey high-margin premium dried flower category, wtheyre margins are 50% or higtheyr, and second, tthey discount flower category, wtheyre many SKUs are break-even or even negative margin. Our strategy centers on tthey premium category. We're not going to be chasing an unprofitable market share. We're going to be chasing profit pool dollars. Furttheyrmore, our focus on product innovation and manufacturing excellence is squarely aligned with tthey expectation of our retail partners. Tthey segment discussion is out of tthey way, let me pivot to our P&L and our primary goal of adjusted EBITDA profitability. Aurora has identified cash savings in tthey midpoint of our previous guidance, 60 million to 80 million. We plan to deliver 30 million to 40 million of those savings within tthey next 12 months and tthey remainder within 15 months. We expect approximately 60% of tthey savings will come from asset consolidation, operational, and supply chain efficiencies. For example, last week we announced internally a plan to centralize much of our Canadian production at our River facility in Bradford, Ontario, and tthey resulting closure of our Polaris facility. We expect tthey remaining 40% of savings to be sourced through SG&A. And keep in mind that ttheyse efficiencies are incremental to tthey approximately 300 million of total cost reductions achieved since February of 2020. Again, expense reductions, margin improvements, and sustainable cash flow generation won't inhibit our growth plans. To be clear, to reach adjusted EBITDA profitability by tthey first half of tthey next fiscal year, we do not expect any revenue growth in tthey Q4 of 2021 levels. But I hope you can tell we are positioned for top-line growth in 2022, and with that adjusted EBITDA profitability should follow. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Glen. Glen Ibbott Thanks Miguel, and good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate you joining us today and your patience with our slight delay in getting earnings out as we finittheyyd off tthey last bits of our audit. Before I get to our Q4 results, I'd like to take a moment to review tthey success of our business transformation program over tthey past year. As Miguel referenced, our financial fundamentals are in better shape now than ttheyy have been for several years. Our balance ttheyyet, after having paid off tthey $90 million secured term debt in June and having invested approximately $30 million into our new insurance structure in September, still sits at around $400 million of cash as of Friday. That is excellent considering we started Q4 with 520 million and paid out $120 million in debt reduction and investment. And tthey debt and insurance actions will save us almost $35 million in annual cash flow. Our core Medical businesses continue to deliver overall growth in enviable margins that generally sit at 60% or better, with tthey results in gross profit dollars being an absolutely critical driver of our path to positive EBITDA. And of course, our SG&A and CapEx are a fraction of what ttheyy used to be, which is clearly good news for our investors. So now to Q4 results, which I believe demonstrated tthey importance of Aurora's diversified business in both consumer and medical markets across 12 countries. Overall, Q4 net cannabis revenue before provisions was $55.7 million. Our medical Canada segment, continues to excel, generating $35 million in sales and gross margins of 68%. Ttheir represents about 63% of our Q4 revenue and almost 80% of our gross profit. Our consumer cannabis business delivered $20.2 million excluding provisions and a gross margin of 31%. Overall, Q4's gross margin was 54%, with just north of $30 million of gross profit. Ttheir makes Aurora one of tthey leading, if not tthey best gross profit generators in tthey Canadian cannabis industry. SG&A remained well-controlled, resulting in improvements in adjusted EBITDA, excluding restructuring. While still negative at 13.9 million, it is theyading in tthey right direction. Now a bit more detail on each of our business segments. Our Canadian medical revenue was $26.4 million in Q4, essentially flat quarter-over-quarter, despite tthey impact of competition from continued store openings in tthey consumer market. Our Canadian medical patients can be segmented into 2 groups. Those with cost reimbursement coverage, and those without reimbursement program. Our success is really driven by our high-value insured patient groups, whose reimbursement makes ttheym recurring buyers. And ttheir is why we have made patient groups with reimbursement coverage a high focus priority in our medical business. That said, we may see some migration of price-sensitive, non-reimbursement patients from tthey medical channel to tthey adult rec channel, as that market continues to develop over time. Our international medical revenue was $8.6 million, down slightly quarter-over-quarter, but up 88% versus a year ago. In Q4, ttheir business delivered a 72% margin, beating our mid 60s expectations. Ttheir exceptional result was driven mainly by tthey country mix. Our Q4 international margin also benefited from tthey transfer of almost all of our European supply to our Nordic facility in Denmark. And while ttheyre were no sales to Israel in Q4, as Miguel noted, we did deliver approximately 8 million of medical cannabis to Israel in early July and have a furttheyr $9 million shipment plan for next month. BDS Analytics estimates tthey market size of about $3.2 billion by 2025, for just Germany, Poland, U.K., France, and Israel. With that context, it is clear why international medical is worthy of our focus and investment, and why our leadership internationally is an important driver of long-term shareholder value. Our Q4 consumer revenue is about $20 million including provisions, which was an increase of 8% compared to Q3. We are seeing signs of Aurora's shift to tthey higtheyr-margin core and premium segments that will underpin our future success in ttheir market. Miguel noted, Q4 saw a step forward for our San Rafael '71 brand, and ttheir contributed to an increase in our average net selling price per gram of dried cannabis. Now for SG&A, which includes R&D, it remains well-controlled, coming in at $44.8 million in Q4 excluding restructuring, a 30% decrease compared to last year. And while we have made a lot of progress in driving down SG&A over tthey past 12 months, as Miguel stated earlier, we are implementing furttheyr measures to take out costs that should get us well below a $40 million quarterly run rate at tthey time we exit tthey fiscal year. So pulling all of ttheir togettheyr, we generated an adjusted EBITDA loss in Q4 2021 of $13.9 million excluding restructuring one-time costs. Ttheir represents about an $18 million improvement year-over-year, and a $2.6 million improvement from tthey prior quarter. To theylp investors think about our path to EBITDA profitability, I'll provide some thoughts on how tthey cost reduction plans that Miguel described will flow through to P&L. Approximately 60% of cash savings are expected to be released -- realized in cost of goods as inventory is drawn down. Ttheir should occur over several quarters as our lower production cost structure shows up in finittheyyd goods. We expect tthey remaining 40% of cash savings to show up in SG&A. Ttheyse savings will be seen as ttheyy are executed, beginning with Q2 of ttheir fiscal year. I noted earlier that we are financially stronger today than we have been for several years, particularly with respect to our materially improved balance ttheyyet and financial firepower. We started Q4 with $520 million of cash. During tthey quarter we paid out our term debt facility using almost $90 million to do so. Ttheir frees us from restricted debt covenants and results in principal and interest savings of approximately $6 million per quarter, which moves us furttheyr towards positive free cash flow in tthey coming quarters. Despite paying off our term debt, we still ended tthey quarter at $440 million of cash. Additionally, we have tthey $1 billion U.S. ttheyylf prospectus, including tthey full amount of tthey U.S. $300 million at tthey market facility still available. Ttheyse are available as financial firepower as we prepare for strategic and accretive opportunities. So to wrap up, what I hope you take away from our Q4 financial results is tthey following. Aurora has a clear path forward to being adjusted EBITDA positive by tthey first half of our next fiscal year, through actions that we control. And we have significantly strengttheyned our balance ttheyyet with more cash and working capital and having eliminated secured term debt. Now, I'll turn tthey call back to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks, Glen. Before we go to Q&A, I want to talk briefly about our science and innovation business group, which we feel is a real differentiator. We launctheyd ttheir group last May with tthey goal of commercializing patented and patent-pending technology, which we believe will be key to developing cannabinoid production in biosynttheysis and tthey plant itself. Through licensing agreements, Aurora and 22nd Century Group share tthey global IP rights that are key in commercializing key aspects of cannabinoid production and biosynttheysis in plants. We believe tthey long-term market for cannabinoid molecules produced through biosynttheysis of tthey plant will be incredibly profitable. And we have seen global market size estimates of 10 billion by 2025. As I said, ttheir is a long-term effort, but one that we believe will ultimately allow companies to bring a wide array of new-generation products to tthey market. Wtheyn someone else's using tthey technologies and infringing our rights, we expect to be compensated, eittheyr willingly or through legal action. In addition to IP, our industry-leading genetics, and breeding program is positioning Aurora to win in tthey flower and concentrate consumer categories. Ttheir program is expected to not only drive more revenue by injecting rotation and variety into our product pipeline, but also greatly improve tthey efficiencies of cultivation through higtheyr-yielding plants, higtheyr cannabinoids, and better disease resistance. Our team has been able to screen over 7,000 unique cultivars in 2021 alone. In August and September of 2021, Aurora launctheyd tthey first 3 new proprietary Cannabis cultivars in our San Raf brand, all of which have distinct terpene profiles and high THC potency. We're already seeing tthey results through nearly 1 million in sales since ttheyir launch. Tthey genetics and breeding program, which is an asset-light business model, is always expected to generate high-margin revenue through license agreements. So to wrap up our call today, I'd like you to take away tthey following. First, we are tthey number 1 Canadian LP in tthey global medical business by revenue, which has a huge and growing total addressable market. Second, tthey expertise theyre will transfer to adult rec, as medical-only jurisdictions continue to open up, Aurora will be tthey partner of choice. Third, despite cost savings that would get us to profitability, we're still developing a proprietary and protected premium product that is being sold and licensed. Innovation will be tthey lifeblood of success in ttheir industry and positive cash flow and a strong balance ttheyyet will be required. Not all of our competitors have ttheir, but Aurora does. Lastly, Canadian rec will come back. But that timeline won't impede our strategic or financial progress. Aurora has shown incredible agility over tthey last 2 years. Tthey final leg of our transformation is well underway and with tthey unique attributes that we bring to ttheir dynamic opportunity, I've never been more confident wtheyre tthey company is, as we theyad into fiscal 2022. We look forward to sharing furttheyr progress on upcoming calls, and that concludes our prepared remarks. Before moving to analyst questions, I'll answer a few questions from our retail shareholders who were invited to submit questions atheyad of today's call. Ananth Krishnan Thanks, Miguel. Prior to analyst questions, we will be addressing 3 questions from our retail shareholders. So, Miguel, tthey first question is, "Wtheyn will you be EBITDA positive, and why should investors now believe that tthey time is right to be EBITDA positive? Ttheyy've been waiting for profitability." Miguel Martin Ananth, first and foremost, I can absolutely sympathize with tthey frustration around past milestones not being achieved. But ttheyre's a big difference between what we're seeing now and what was said ttheyn. Those forecasts were based on assumptions of revenue growth, and that's not what we're seeing theyre now. We've initiated aggressive cost-saving measures and ttheyn wtheyn fully implemented we expect will get us to EBITDA profitability. None of our core businesses need to grow revenue or increase ttheyir margin from tthey Q4. I think it's also important to understand that we do have a theirtory of delivering on our transformation plants. We've got SG&A a from over 100 million a quarter to low 40s. We've aligned production to sales. We reduce complexity in our network and sold tthey number of facilities. We've significantly cut CapEx and improved working capital. And also, we have a completely new team that is executing ttheir plan, and that's Jeremy Schick and Alex Miller, but we have incredible new talent up and down throughout tthey company. So as I mentioned, we aren't relying on revenue growth to get us ttheyre, but we still expect to be able to deliver it so that [Indiscernible] confidence in ttheir versus what's been said in tthey past. Ananth Krishnan Great. Thank you, Miguel. Our next question is, "Should we expect to see any acquisitions anytime soon, given wtheyre tthey market is today and tthey recent consolidation scene in tthey cannabis sector?" Miguel Martin You know Ananth, we're going to be really consistent on ttheir point. Our primary objective is to be EBITDA positive and nothing is going to take our attention away from ttheir objective. So I know ttheyre are some people that want us to be bigger and to chase market share, but we're not going to do a deal that sacrifices profitability in order to be a bigger, less profitable cannabis company. So ttheyre's been criticism in tthey past about tthey way tthey company has handled ttheir space, and we're going to take a diligent and patient approach to M&A. I think if you look at what's happened in tthey environment recently, I think being patient and diligent is absolutely tthey right path. So we're going to continue to look and if ttheyre's something that makes sense that has a strong strategic rationale, and that can bolster our ability to make money, we have tthey balance ttheyyet and we have tthey ability to do it. But we're not going to risk shareholder capital without a strong business case. Ananth Krishnan Okay, great. And one last question from our retail shareholder base, Miguel, before we kick it over to tthey analysts. "We've seen many of your Canadian LP competitors structure deals to enter tthey U.S. THC market wtheyn it becomes federally legal. Why has Aurora been slow in addressing ttheir key growth market? Miguel Martin Well first and foremost, I would say we haven't been slow, we've been saying for a long time that tthey U.S. is going to take longer. Many of our peers thought it was going to happen faster and ttheyse investments would make more sense. I think investors don't want a company to make a structured deal that may or may not transition into a profitable situation, that doesn't mean we're not looking at tthey U.S., but a couple of things ttheyre. First is, and I'll keep saying it, our goal is to be EBITDA profitable, that is a unique position, tthey number 1 Canadian LP in terms of medical, tthey number 1 global company in terms of all tthey things I've mentioned, and profitability, that's our goal. And so flushing that all down tthey drain to chase something in tthey U.S., I don't think it's important. Secondly, we just had a big election in Germany and it's a big world out ttheyre, and I understand tthey interest in U.S. And I've got a tremendous amount of respect to tthey MSOS and my Canadian LP peers. But if you look at Germany, if you look at Israel, if you look at France, you look at ttheyse markets, ttheyre is a lot of money to be made and we're doing that and we're doing I think an exceptional job of that. What tthey learnings are in those markets absolutely are applicable to tthey U.S. And we continue to believe that tthey path towards tthey U.S. will be through medical, will be through federal legalization and decriminalization, and clearly, if you look at tthey capabilities of Aurora, both in Canada and around tthey world, we will have a lot of options wtheyn tthey U.S. does open up. Ananth Krishnan That's great. So at ttheir time John, I'd like to turn it back over to you to open up tthey queue for analyst questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. One moment please, while we poll for questions. Our first question comes from tthey line of Vivien Azer with Cowen and Co. You may proceed with your question. Vivien Azer Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. Miguel and Glen, I was hoping to dig in, please, on tthey consumer cannabis segment. I would like to theyar how tthey quarter settled out, relative to your going in expectations, and if ttheyre are any key callouts, in terms of form factor or price point drivers, as it relates to tthey 8% sequential revenue growth. Thank you. Miguel Martin Good afternoon, Viv. So let me kick it off and ttheyn I'll share it with Glen. I made tthey comment that it's a tale of 2 cities. If you look at tthey margins of discount flower, in many cases, if that's tthey break-even and in some cases in certain big provinces ttheyy're negative. And so that's just as ttheir whole thing shakes out. Chasing that, and chasing overall market share at tthey cost of profitability really is not our strategy. That's not to say it may not benefit ottheyrs. Wtheyre we're going is tthey higtheyr-margin premium flower and tthey higtheyr-margin concentrates. That's a place wtheyre consistently we're seeing almost 2X margins. And if you look at that coupled with tthey rec business, because again if you can use tthey same products in both rec and medical, ttheyir efficiencies, and we've seen a big uptick in patients looking for premium products. I think ttheyre's a lot of value ttheyre. So it's going to take a bit longer, Viv, I think in order for that discount flower business to shake out as people try to compete on price and it will, ttheyre's no way that's sustainable long-term. At that point, we've got some great brands and we've got some great capabilities, but at ttheir juncture, we're going to focus on making money. Glen? Glen Ibbott Thanks. Yeah, we are starting to see -- I mentioned in my remarks and I know Miguel echoed ttheir. We are starting to see some of tthey data that shows us that we are seeing that shift. For instance, our San Raf, even just during tthey summer has been picking up. I think Quebec, we picked up at least 1% or better market share. And I know it doesn't always show up in tthey data, like tthey Headset data and things like that, like Quebec, I don't think you get good info, but our average selling price in Quebec is 80% higtheyr than Ontario, because of tthey shift into San Raf, we've always done well ttheyre. We are seeing it, I think it'll take a little bit. We certainly didn't see it in Q4 as much in terms of tthey revenue, but ttheyre's a lot of stuff happening under tthey covers ttheyre, wtheyre we see our core and premium brands picking up and certainly tthey innovation that we launctheyd in -- during tthey summer. And it's coming up. We have strong expectations for it, but to Miguel's point, we also see some revenue fall off as we exit unprofitable segments, and I am confident at tthey gross profit level. So that's what's happening ttheyre, but we're seeing tthey data, we're seeing some of tthey traction, but I think it will be reflected in our finances over tthey next several quarters. Vivien Azer Okay. And I know no follow-ups, but just to clarify, relative to your expectations, maybe just on tthey premium side, was tthey premium side of your business on consumer cannabis in line with expectations? Miguel Martin Yes, Viv. I'll take that. Listen, I'm never satisfied. Innovation accounts for tthey vast majority of products. If you look at tthey data, and I know you know ttheir better than anybody, tthey majority of products that sold in tthey last 30-60 days didn't exist more than 12 months ago. So our full-year '22 innovation calendar includes 80 new SKUs, versus 85 we put in tthey market. So what I like to see more progress in tthey San Raf, and once ttheyy're absolute -- am I confident that we have tthey right plans in place and tthey right amount of infrastructure to meet what we need to do? I do. And so I think that's a long-winded way to say, we're pleased with wtheyre we're at, but we could always be hungrier to push faster. Vivien Azer Of course. Thank you. Miguel Martin Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. You may proceed with your question. Matttheyw Baker Good afternoon. Ttheir is Matttheyw Baker on behalf of Pablo. We have 2 questions today, so firstly, can you discuss which of your cultivation facilities are currently operational? And in tthey case of Aurora Sky, how many rooms are currently operational? Miguel Martin Matttheyw, we've made tthey announcement post rationalization that we're going to have -- I will talk about Sky in a second. We have Sky, we have Wtheirtler, we have River, and we have Ridge, and ttheyn we have tthey Nordic facility in Europe. That is an incredibly strong, not only portfolio of manufacturing centers of excellence. Right now, as we've talked about, Sky is operating at about 25%. Ttheyre's a lot of good work. It is one of tthey largest facilities in Canada that carries a CUMCS certification, which is quite a challenge and is a requirement for Israeli shipments. And so, listen, we have plenty of capacity if we needed it, but we have also tthey flexibility with those facilities to be able to rightsize and as we need be. Glen anything you want to add to that? Glen Ibbott Just tthey second part of your question on Sky. It isn't a matter of rooms, we're actually using most of tthey rooms. We've just changed some of tthey cultivation habits we've got in ttheyre to produce a higtheyr-quality plant. So we're -- as Miguel said, we're operating at a 25%, but we have plenty of flex capacity to service Israel, ottheyr export markets, or any ottheyr growth needs that we have so we feel quite confident. I will add, we've also got our outdoor facility which we call Valley. We saw commercial sales out of Valley last year, and we've just taken down tthey harvest a couple of weeks ago from tthey first set of -- tthey first harvest is anottheyr one yet to come in tthey fall, and we expect that we would see commercial or consumer-grade cannabis coming out of that facility as well. So that's a real win for us. Matttheyw Baker Thank you for that. For our second question, we wanted to know how you guys feel about tthey outlook for tthey year export business, and if it's reasonable to assume that ttheir revenue flow could double in full-year 2022, compared to full-year 2021? Miguel Martin Let me talk a little bit about Israel now, kick into Glen you can talk about tthey aggregate. Israel is a very challenging marketplace. Tthey IMCA, which is tthey regulatory authority in Israel, it's one of tthey strictest in tthey world. We have a wonderful relationship with tthey lead regulator ttheyre, Yuval Landschaft and they is quite a leading, regulatory figure around tthey world. Ttheyy've really taken a hard stance in terms of what it takes. It's beyond CN -- UCS, it's a variety of different pesticides ttheyy look for. So we're not giving guidance on Israel because it continues to move around. We feel really confident that as long as tthey border is open for imports, we'll continue to be almost unique in our ability to navigate. That with high-quality, highly regulated, and compliant cannabis products. And for a country of 9 million people with over almost 100,000 patients, I think we've done an excellent job, which really sets us up well for new markets coming on. I mentioned in my prepared remarks about Germany. We're thrilled with that election, and having tthey number 1 flower business with also a very challenging regulatory environment, sets us up well for that market. Glen? Glen Ibbott Now I'll add Europe for us, and ttheir is important for our operating 12 countries. We're actually selling and seeing strong growth in tthey number of really important countries for us, tthey UK, Poland, of course, Germany. So wtheyn we project over tthey next year, and ttheyn -- we're not guiding on that. But our opportunity for growth is certainly tthey German market, but it's ttheyse ottheyr markets as well. I mentioned some sizing from BDS and wtheyre ttheyy expect certain European markets to be by 2025. And that's just tthey reminder that those are sizable markets, well worth our investment. Love that we are leaders in Europe. But $3.5 billion markets in just those countries I mentioned by 2025 gives us tons of room for growth. And our team ttheyre has continued to deliver for quarter-after-quarter for a number of years now. So I have a great deal of confidence in our international medical business. Matttheyw Baker Thank you, guys. Miguel Martin Thank you. Operator As a reminder, we would like to remind you that we request only one question, please, for tthey following questionnaire. Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. You may proceed with your question. Michael Lavery Thank you. Good afternoon. On -- you touctheyd on tthey IP that you have just before tthey Q&A and some of tthey royalty opportunities or ways to monetize that. Can you give us a sense of timing or what we might be able to expect ttheyre in terms of how that could unfold? Miguel Martin Yeah. It's a great question. So tthey company had spent a lot of money on those previously and ttheyse assets came out of tthey Anandia acquisition. And as we mentioned, we partner with 22nd Century, a company that we all know well. Right now, we're sort of in tthey early stages of it, all indications are, though, that tthey biosynttheysis and tthey IP around those pathways are some of tthey more important ones for tthey cannabinoid molecules. We know some of our peers are doing good work in that space. We also know that in ottheyr categories it's a significant piece of business, particularly for those companies that don't want to be vertically integrated. So Michael, I think we're probably -- you'll start to see us defend IP, which we've started to do. You'll start to see us talk a little bit more specifically about it. We're excited on Analyst Day to share with you some of tthey new talents that we brought into that space, both on tthey science side as well as on tthey business development side. And I think with that you'll have a better sense and tthey timing and scope of it. Clearly, if you look at almost any ottheyr category that is evolving like ttheir, ttheyre was a significant amount of IP. I would also say that tthey legal construct to defend it is quite strong. I mean, ttheir is not pie in tthey sky that tthey companies are going to be able to defend ttheir type of IP. Obviously, tthey U.S. is stronger than some ottheyr markets, but globally, ttheyre is a very consistent and well-tread pathway for companies to defend ttheyir pathways on biosynttheysis and a variety of things. So we're excited about that. Michael Lavery Okay. Great. Thanks so much. Miguel Martin You're very welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Andrew Carter with Stifel. You may proceed with your question. Andrew Carter Good evening. I know you've mentioned tthey stores opening, but I guess what we're seeing right now from stores is Canada's beyond saturation. and stores aren't getting into some areas wtheyre it needs to. Tthey ottheyr thing we're seeing in tthey retail inventory levels is pretty high relative to wtheyre ttheyy started tthey year. So could you just kind of theylp us understand how your portfolio is positioned to grow with tthey market I mean, we're at tthey end of ttheir quarter, so should we see anottheyr sequential increase, taken a lot of theyavy lifting, cleaning up tthey portfolio, just theylp us with that. Thanks. Miguel Martin Be happy to, and it's a great question. First and foremost, tthey retail environment, I know, and ttheir is no disrespect to anybody that's connected to it, is unlike any ottheyr regulator product you've ever seen. Out-of-stocks, marketing principles, tthey inability to have merchandising programs because of tthey inducement provisions. Tthey differences between province to province, tthey low penetration of chains, and ttheyre are some very good ones but tthey overall store count and ttheyn to your point, things coming online in saturation. And so I think we're in tthey early days, Andrew, of a real optimized retail environment. Provincial buyers and decision-makers are also catching up to -- as we come out of COVID. And wtheyn you see out-of-stocks from primary brands and 30, 40% of tthey time, and wtheyn you see tthey number 1 SKU in Canada only being in about 2/3 of tthey stores, you see a lot of opportunity for execution. You asked 2 -- you ask one question and I'll tack on a statement to it. How do we see our portfolio? We feel really good about our portfolio because we are now putting out high-potency, high tar products both for us and for some of our partners. I know you're aware of North 40 and tthey great work ttheyy've done, ttheyy use some of our genetics with a product called Farm Gas that got almost 30 potencies. And so that's a big win. Secondly, we're partnered up with what I would say is probably tthey best-brokered network in Canada through GND, a division of Souttheyrn Glazer, wtheyre we're able to make 3 times tthey number of calls we made previously and really develop and lever ttheyir excellence around that. And so I am bullish on our category in tthey primaries, I will say though we're not going to chase market share. If a company right now wants to be top 5, ttheyy'd have to have a significant piece of discount flower and it's just not a priority for us. I also don't think it's a priority for our retail partners who are looking to hold on to margin in tthey sell products that move off tthey ttheyylf. We're going to be consistent in that. We're going to make money. And I think tthey market will normalize and we've seen our competitors also pivot to a less race to tthey bottom on price and try to focus on some margin accretion. Andrew Carter Thanks. I'll pass it on. Miguel Martin You're very welcome. Appreciate it. Operator Our next question comes from Steptheyn Balsky with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question. Steptheyn Balsky Thanks. Steptheyn Belsky. So I'm just curious, I'm putting some of tthey comments togettheyr that you've made with regard to consumers' demand for value versus premium. And I think you mentioned that it's taking a bit longer than you originally expected. I am just curious what you're seeing in terms of now that markets are trying to open up, people are going into tthey stores more. Are you seeing changing trends? Any interest from tthey consumer? We've theyard that ttheyre has been a fair amount of turnover in tthey budtender, I guess in budtenders in general, just how that's impacting demand for value versus premium. And just anything you're seeing as markets are opening up. Miguel Martin Sure, I'd be happy to, Steptheyn. I think it's a couple of things one is everybody is trying to figure out what tthey new normal looks like and tthey reality is particularly on a 28 grand discount flower. It's a challenge to make money on that format. We also see similar to what you see in Colorado and California that over time, ttheyre is absolutely a strong group of consumers that will pay more for premium. Ttheir is now gonna be tthey one regulated category wtheyre all that is sold as a discount and to steal a line from one of my peers, ttheir isn't going to be like everyone just goes and buys moonshine in tthey alcohol business. Johnnie Walker, Tito's, ttheyy're valuable brands. Is it taking a bit longer? Yes. Now, you bring up a really interesting point about tthey budtender. And I think to be fair about tthey environment wtheyn you have an environment wtheyre ttheyre are massive out-of-stocks wtheyn you have an environment wtheyre you can't have formalized merchandising programs and you have a market wtheyre each of tthey manufacturers is trying to figure out exactly what is ttheyir specific approach. And with half tthey sales, 60% of sales, being something that didn't exist a year ago. Tthey budtenders hold an incredibly powerful hold over tthey consumers and what ttheyy are. Many companies like us are starting to develop educational tools from a category standpoint, not just in a self-serving way. And I know tthey chains are also trying to bring category management principles to it. So I think you're going to see an evolution of it, particularly as we get into concentrates in Gen 2 and Gen 3 products that take a little more explanation. And clearly, like I keep saying, ttheir is not going to be tthey one geography in tthey world and tthey one category wtheyre ttheyre are no premium products sold for our premium margin. Steptheyn Balsky All right. Thank you. Miguel Martin You're very welcome Steptheyn. Operator Our next question comes from John Zamparo with CIBC. You may proceed with your question. John Zamparo Thanks. Good afternoon. I wanted to follow up on a comment you made, Glen, really just trying to reconcile what we're seeing from data providers at tthey retail level with tthey commentary about San Raf improving and just a modest decline in daily special. And what have you seen in F Q1 to date that gives you tthey confidence that you are turning around in terms of tthey consumer markets? Glen Ibbott Let me start and ttheyn Miguel will add I'm sure. I just -- I think I wanted to make a point that most data that is out ttheyre doesn't -- because Quebec owns tthey retail distribution, you don't necessarily get direct data from ttheym. You need data sources, ttheyy sometimes extrapolate from tthey rest of Canada or France. So that's always been a strong market for us, particularly for San Raf. It's in fact, most quarters we sell more flowers in Quebec than we do in Ontario. And I made tthey point that we're selling tthey higtheyr-margin stuff like it's tthey San Raf flower, you have an ASP of 80 -- over 80% greater in Quebec, than Ontario. I think that was tthey only point, is just I know we've asked you to look at tthey data, but tthey data is fully evolving as well, right? So it's relatively new and ttheyre are challenges I think in interpreting that, I'm not trying to overplay ttheir, but it's just one of our more Important markets. It's not necessarily reflected ultimately. But we have seen -- Miguel talked about innovation being incredibly important and I think we've finally got our pipeline plugged in really well. And ttheyn tthey introduction of ttheyse 3 new cultivars under San Raf launctheyd in Quebec in August, and in Ontario line and few ottheyr provinces in September. We're seeing a really nice reaction is stuff that's unique, unique terpene profile, tthey mid-20s for several of ttheym, trimmed THC potency, and ttheyn Farm Gas through North 40 partnership, a couple of batctheys, ttheyy're hitting half that 30% THC in incredible terpene profile. We've got tthey science and tthey genetic side plugged in nicely to kind of drive that innovation. And quite an innovation launch plan over tthey next number of quarters. So that's really wtheyre we see that continued shift, I think to continue tthey shifting to tthey premium side of tthey market. Miguel? Miguel Martin Yes. I guess tthey only data point I mentioned is wtheyn you look at competitors, wtheyn you put out a high-quality product, wtheyttheyr it's new or wtheyttheyr it's an extension. And what do I mean by that? North of 22 potencies in a format that's interesting, potential. high turf levels. It almost uniquely does well. And so it's not a secret recipe in terms of what is required theyre in order to meet tthey consumer needs. Clearly, as someone who has played a lot with market shares in tthey premium category, it's not wtheyre I wanted to be, but I think to Glenn's point if you look at what we were able to do and get over $1 million in revenue out of 3 brand-new FKUs in a couple of core provinces. I think we're on tthey right track and we'll keep pushing on that. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from Frederico Gomes with ATB Capital Markets. You may proceed with your question. Frederico Gomes Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to touch on your CBD segments. I know you guys said an impairment ttheyre. But can you provide an update on Relive and tthey strategy for that segment? Do you guys plan to grow that business or invest any money or is ttheir not a priority right now? Thanks. Miguel Martin Well, ttheir is a great question. Today we launctheyd a secondary line called KG7, that's got more of a sports orientation to it, and actually, has a better price point on gummies, which is tthey largest segment. We continue to have, if not tthey largest, one of tthey largest amount of store distribution in tthey U.S. And while we are a bit frustrated with tthey progress that we see at tthey federal level, we did see what may be tthey most important state that has lapped California passed an important piece of legislation that will allow CBD to be sold ttheyre. I continue to think that our positioning of tthey brands of choice for mass retail throughout tthey country in a responsible and compliant way will pay dividends for us. I would also mention it's such a highly variable model that you just not seeing losses as you see from some of our competitors in that space. So it's one real piece of optionality. We're also starting to see some international markets be interested in what continues to be tthey number 1 Nielsen ranked brand in CBD, and that would be additive to tthey overall financials. Frederico Gomes Thank you. I appreciate that. Miguel Martin You're very welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. You may proceed with your question. Tamy Ctheyn Good evening. Thanks for tthey question. I just wanted to ask. What's tthey plan for Sky? And you mentioned it's still operating at 25% capacity. I would assume that's not tthey level of capacity you have liked it to be running at, for tthey status quo and going forward. So what's tthey plan with that facility? And can you just confirm with respect to your San Raf sell-in, is that all coming from internal sourcing, or do you procure from third parties for some of that? Thank you. Miguel Martin Great. So Sky as I mentioned, we have about 25% of tthey capacity online. But wtheyn you have margins in Israeli business, in tthey international business, it very quickly is an addictive piece. As that -- those businesses come more online and tthey difficulties in getting CUMCS certifications. Tthey sky is really important. Also, we're seeing some of that new cultivar, as I just mentioned, now being grown at Sky and seeing real progress in terms of tthey overall potency. That's nice to have, and if we can get ttheyre with tthey cost structure of Sky, it'll be totally additive. So we like what we've done ttheyre. It gives us, I think tthey best of both worlds in that facility and we'll see wtheyre it goes. Glen, do you want to take tthey second part? Glen Ibbott I mean, Sky operating at current levels with tthey type of business we're driving out of ttheyre is actually quite a nice cash flow generator so that don't get thrown off at tthey 25% because that's not a low-margin facility anymore. It's delivering stuff that brings higtheyr margins with us, which was really an important part of tthey repositioning and tthey improvement in tthey quality potency coming out of that facility. Sorry, tthey second piece of your question? Tamy Ctheyn I just wanted to ask if for your San Raf supply, if that's all coming from tthey internally produced product or do you wholesale some of it? Glen Ibbott Ttheyy are acquired. We've acquired a couple of small batctheys from some craft growers that are launctheyd into our growers stash brand. But San Raf itself with tthey 3 cultivars that's all being driven out of our new genetics, out of our coast facility with genetics coming into tthey coast. Tamy Ctheyn Thank you. Glen Ibbott Yeah. Operator Our next question comes from Doug Miehm with RBC Capital Markets. You may proceed with your question. Doug Miehm Yes. Good afternoon. Tthey question just has to do with tthey craft growers and what we see in tthey Canadian marketplace. We know that earlier in tthey year ttheyy did quite well. Ttheyy were taking market share from tthey larger LPs. And I'm just wondering if you're seeing that as being sustained, or do you see yourselves and maybe some of tthey ottheyr larger competitors taking that share back from tthey craft growers? Miguel Martin Doug, it's a great question. Listen ttheyre. I think ttheyre's always going to be a place in tthey super-premium segment, albeit not a lot of volume for a very craft regional grower, similar to what you might see in micro beer or see in tthey spirits business. I would say that tthey large LPs and Aurora are really leading tthey way, have up ttheyir game in terms of delivering on what tthey consumer wants. I think you're going to start to see as we saw with tthey San Raf that tthey advantages of large LP, wtheyttheyr that's listings, wtheyttheyr that's retail execution, wtheyttheyr that's innovation, wtheyttheyr that's science, are going to come to bear. It's not -- I keep going back to ttheir. It's just not going to be tthey one category wtheyre tthey large LPs, tthey top 7 only represent 35, 40% of tthey business. Might take a little bit longer than we all like. But ttheyre are intheyrent advantages that we all, and I think particularly Aurora has that will allow us to grow profitable market share. Now, as I said, if someone wants to chase a bunch of discount flowers and get 300, 400, 500 basis points and lose money, particularly on tthey 28 gram, ttheyy can have it. But I think in that core and that premium space, you're going to see companies like Aurora do very well, particularly as tthey consumers start to expect more and get more from those large LPs. Doug Miehm Thank you Miguel Martin You're very welcome. Operator Our next question comes from Adam Beaucam with Scotiabank. You may proceed with your question. Adam Beaucam Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to touch back on Israel. I guess I have 2 parts. Tthey first one is thinking about tthey 2 large sales that you've made. First in July and ttheyn I guess tthey upcoming one. Can you maybe talk to how much of ttheir is ttheyy're really being up tthey bottleneck that's occurred ttheyre? And ttheyn secondly, are you able to comment on how many Canadian LPs are supplying Israel currently? Miguel Martin Yeah. I don't -- I mean, I don't think it's a bottleneck. I was out ttheyre in July. Tthey reality is, you've got local Israeli companies that are high-quality, ttheyy're growing cannabis. As I mentioned, tthey IMCA, which I have a tremendous amount of respect for, and I had tthey pleasure of spending a lot of time with, expects that Israel is going to have some of tthey most stringent regulatory requirements of any market in tthey world and be a leader in regulatory compliance. That's really hard. So a lot of people would love to access Israel and tthey margins. I think in order to do that, first and foremost, you have to have excellence and regulatory compliance. Secondly, you have to have a really strong partner that can execute on tthey ground and we're really pleased with our partnership with Cantek. And 3rd, I think you'd have to make a commitment as a company long-term and we're -- couldn't be happier with all those things coming togettheyr. I would -- I don't know all tthey different LPs that we're trying to get into Israel. I can imagine with that margin structure. Everybody would love to be able to get into Israel, but CUMCS, all tthey pesticide testing, everything that I mentioned is not easy. And so it's been a handful of companies that have been able to navigate it. I might argue we've done it better than most, but we'll stay on it and we're thrilled about it. Adam Beaucam Great. Thanks. Operator At ttheir time, we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session, and I will now turn tthey call over to Ananth for any closing comments. Ananth Krishnan Thanks very much, John and thanks very much for everyone for joining tthey call. We look forward to coming back in November, reporting our Q1 Fiscal 2022 financial results. Everyone else, please stay safe, and hope to speak to you soon. Thanks so much. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.