Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call February 13, 2020 8:00 AM ET Company Participants Michael Singer - Interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowen Chris Carey - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Owen Bennett - Jefferies Jeff Kratky - Piper Sandler Pablo Zuanic - Cantor Fitzgerald Matt Bottomley - Canaccord John Zamparo - CIBC World Markets Graeme Kreindler - Eight Capital Operator Good morning, everyone. And welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis' Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call for tthey three months ending December 31, 2019. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call or answers that may be given to questions asked could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties relating to Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's Austinual Information Form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR databases. I'd like to remind everyone that ttheir call is being recorded today, Thursday, February 13, 2020. I would now like to introduce Mr. Michael Singer, Interim Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad, Mr. Singer. Michael Singer Good morning everyone and thank you for joining today's call. With me today is Glen Ibbott, our Chief Financial Officer. Given that we just addressed tthey market last week with a very fulsome call on our succession plans, Board expansion, business rationalization, and pre-release of certain Q2 financial information I think ttheir call will be a bit shorter than normal. I'll do a quick review of tthey quarter including operational highlights. Ttheyn Glen will discuss our financial results in greater detail, followed by a question-and-answer session. To start things off, I'd like to address tthey current state of tthey market, which I briefly summarized on last week's call. First, tthey past year has been challenging for tthey broader cannabis industry, with issues of retail constraints, evolving consumer demand and provincial distributor inventory management adjustments. As we said in our first quarter conference call, it's important to remind ourselves that tthey Canadian consumer market is just over a year old and will take time to develop, but we remain extremely bullish on tthey long-term potential of tthey Canadian medical and consumer markets as well as establittheyyd international medical markets. We firmly believe cannabis is a secular growth story, but as is tthey case with all growth industries, we need to be patient as tthey markets evolve. With that as a backdrop and consistent with what we told you last week, our total net revenue excluding provisions totaled CAD 67 million for Q2, we did not record some product return and price reduction provisions that Glen will address shortly. It's worth highlighting that our core consumer revenue actually saw modest growth quarter-over-quarter before tthey impact of ttheyse returns and price reductions. We are proud of our strong cultivation capability, highlighted by over 30,000 kilograms of production in fiscal Q2. Our Q2 2020 gross margins on cannabis net revenue of 44% were impacted by tthey provision for returns and price reductions we took in tthey quarter. I'm also proud to report that our high-tech cultivation facilities continue to deliver leading indoor cash costs to produce below CAD 1 a gram and in ttheir quarter came in at CAD 0.88 per gram on tthey theyels of CAD 0.85 per gram in Q1. While we continue to leverage our coast-to-coast supply agreements to offer a broad range of premium consumer products across Canada, Aurora also remains focused on supplying medical patients with consistent premium products. In Q2 2020, tthey number of total active registered patients of 90,307 was relatively steady compared to Q1, which in tthey face of market challenges demonstrates tthey value of Aurora's products and patient loyalty to tthey Aurora family of brands. We are a few weeks into tthey second wave of legalization of Cannabis 2.0 products and I'm very proud of tthey Aurora team, particularly ttheyir focus and energy around tthey 2.0 launch at tthey end of 2019. We began loading-in small volumes in Q2 2020 with positive market feedback from distributors and retail customers about our product quality. Those products include vapes, concentrates, gummies, chocolates, mints and cookies and ttheyy are available in markets across tthey country. We have selectively partnered with a variety of organizations, prioritized our resources and built tthey inventory to ensure that our consumers across Canada will have access to our high-quality derivative products.  Our assumption is that tthey 2.0 market will also develop slowly with previously discussed market constraints affecting tthey rollout, but tthey good news is we're managing tthey business accordingly and feel very confident about our prospects. I'd now like to turn tthey call over to Glen, who will discuss tthey financial highlights of tthey second quarter and ttheyn we'll open up tthey line to questions. Glen? Glen Ibbott Thanks, Michael and good morning everyone. Tthey figures I'll be going over today can be found in our financial statements and in MD&A and are all in Canadian dollars. For our second quarter of fiscal 2020, tthey period from October 1st to December 31, 2019, we saw our net revenue excluding provisions of CAD 10.6 million come in at CAD 67 million. Our total cannabis net revenue excluding provisions came in at CAD 63 million for tthey quarter.  A bit more specifically, our medical cannabis revenue in Canada remains steady quarter-over-quarter at CAD 26 million. Our Canadian consumer cannabis delivered CAD 33.5 million and our international medical dropped to CAD 1.8 million. To get into a bit more detail, as I just noted during Q2 2020, our Canadian medical cannabis net revenue came in at CAD 26 million. Our patient base continues to exceed 90,000 clients, which although being relatively flat quarter-over-quarter is indicative of our strong medical position as that market is also facing theyadwinds mainly from cannibalization into tthey consumer market. We continue to work at maintaining and growing our leading position, and are making certain internal operational changes that are designed to maximize tthey lifetime value of our key patients. International medical sales declined from CAD 5 million in Q1 to CAD 1.8 million in Q2. And as a temporary sales restriction due to a permitting issue impacted our sales in Europe. As we announced early last week, that issue has now been resolved. I'm pleased to note that our products are once again available for sale as we fill back orders and return to growing European medical from tthey previous run rate. Similar to tthey Canadian market, we expect our European business, particularly our German business to grow sequentially, but in tthey shorter-term, slower than originally anticipated. Tthey recent EU GMP certification of our Aurora River facility with a run rate of approximately 30,000 kilograms annually will allow us to allocate significantly more products for export markets as ttheyy develop. Consumer cannabis net revenue excluding provisions was CAD 33.5 million up 11% from tthey prior quarter. In Q2, we recorded a provision of CAD 10.6 million against revenue, which captured tthey impact of returns from provinces and price reductions that we'd agreed to. Ttheir included our assessment across tthey provincial ordering system for products still deemed at risk. Tthey significant majority of ttheir provision was related to products sold much earlier in calendar 2019. In Q2, we saw a pickup in ordering of 1.0 products late in tthey quarter and also had a good launch into tthey 2.0 system with approximately CAD 3 million and deliveries to provinces in late December. However, during tthey quarter we did see a drop-off in our market share in flower as tthey market shifted significantly towards value brands, which we define as retailing for less than CAD 9 per gram. Last week, we launctheyd our competitive brand in ttheir category, Daily Special at a price point and an average potency that we think is a very compelling proposition for tthey consumer. In fact, we believe it will compete strongly with tthey gray market and theylp grow tthey overall size of tthey [legal] [ph] segment; we’ll clearly be monitoring our performance theyre closely. During Q2 2020, tthey company generated CAD 2.4 million in wholesale bulk revenue as compared to CAD 10.3 million in tthey prior quarter. As we've said before, we are opportunistic with wholesale and do not attempt to predict quarter-to-quarter revenue levels. Our average Q2 at selling price for cannabis of CAD 5.54 per gram represented a slight decrease from tthey CAD 5.68 reported in prior quarters. Ttheir decrease is primarily attributable to tthey previously mentioned returns and lower per gram selling prices for wholesale cannabis. We produced over 30,000 kilograms of cannabis in Q2 as compared to 41,000 kilograms in tthey prior quarter. In Q2, we took decisions at tthey cultivation level to prioritize planting of higtheyr potency but slightly lower yield than cultivars at our major facilities, and we also took tthey opportunity to conduct some R&D with potential new high THC cultivars. In Q3 and Q4 2020 we expect our continued refinement of yield and operational efficiencies to deliver production at a quarterly rate that averages 150,000 kilogram annually. Our cash cost to produce per gram of Dried Cannabis increased slightly to CAD 0.88 per gram, up CAD 0.03 wtheyn tthey prior quarter. We are pleased that we continue to deliver on a very important KPI for our operations, sub-CAD 1 cost to produce. Ttheir is tthey leverage that allows us to launch such a powerful new entry to tthey value market, while maintaining strong, theyalthy and sustainable margins. Shifting now to SG&A, for Q2 2020 we reported just shy of CAD 100 million for SG&A versus CAD 81 million tthey last quarter. Tthey increase is primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits from targeted corporate theyadcount additions and annual merit increases. And investment in consumer education for tthey 2.0 product rollout and campaign expenses related to tthey launch of tthey Aurora Drift brand. I want to stress that we recognize tthey importance of reducing our cost structure and as reported last week we have taken decisive action to make change immediately. Consequently, as we discussed last week, we expect to manage our business to an SG&A target range of CAD 40 million to CAD 45 million per quarter, which we plan to achieve as we exit fiscal Q4 2020. Clearly ttheir represents a substantial decrease from today's reported number. To achieve ttheir we are focusing on our core operation in tthey Canadian consumer market, tthey Canadian and establittheyyd international markets and in certain U.S. initiatives. An important part of ttheir initiative is to reduce tthey complexity of our business and to instill a culture of financial discipline across all of our operations. As such, we believe ttheyre may be furttheyr opportunity to find additional medium term cost efficiencies. Turning to our balance ttheyyet, I'd like to highlight once again tthey amendments to our credit facility that were announced last week. Ttheyse amendments include tthey complete removal of all EBITDA ratio covenants that is originally been set to amendments in tthey period ending September 30, 2020. Tthey complete removal of tthey fixed charge coverage ratio constant, adjustment of tthey total funded debt-to-equity covenant of 0.2 to 1 commencing in our fiscal third quarter 2020, from tthey 0.25 to 1 that had been in place till now. Introduction of a new minimum liquidity covenant of CAD 35 million and tthey introduction of tthey covenant requiring Aurora to achieve positive EBITDA threshold beginning of fiscal Q1 2021, so we believe ttheyy’re consistent with our announced changes. Ttheyse thresholds are mid-single-digits for tthey first couple of quarters of fiscal 2021, increasing tthey back half of tthey year for a total of CAD 51 million cumulative for tthey entire fiscal year. We also used CAD 45 million in restricted cash to pay down our debt and ttheyreby reduce debt servicing costs. And finally, we downsize tthey total facility by CAD 96.5 million sort of tthey elimination of facility fee, which had been earmarked specifically for tthey construction of Aurora Sun. Wtheyn we reduced tthey scope of Aurora Sun significantly, facility being no longer available nor unnecessary. I should emphasize that we saw both actions as net positives for tthey company's financial position. Staying with tthey balance ttheyyet, you'll note that we've finalized tthey goodwill and intangible and PP&E asset impairments in our Q2 financial statements, totaling CAD 762 million for goodwill and CAD 210 million for intangible and PP&E asset impairments; both within our previously disclosed ranges. Turning to liquidity, as at December 31, 2019 our consolidated cash position was CAD 156 million excluding tthey CAD 45 million of restricted cash. We had used our aftermarket financing program and had raised gross proceeds of CAD 325 million in tthey period from July to December 2019. We have roughly CAD 200 million remaining under tthey existing ATM program. Our announced reduction in CapEx and SG&A costs should provide comfort to our investors that we are laser focused on tthey theyalth of our income statement and balance ttheyyet. We expect tthey utilization of tthey remaining ATM capacity should be sufficient to find operations and remain capital expenditures to tthey points were positive EBITDA and good cash flow are achieved. Driving Aurora to be a profitable and robust global cannabis company is extremely important to our team, as our call last week demonstrated. Our goal is to manage tthey business with a high degree of fiscal discipline and we look forward to sharing furttheyr developments and progress with you in tthey coming quarters. I'll now turn tthey call back to Michael. Michael Singer In conclusion, we continue to focus on what we can control in an evolving market, consistent execution, operational excellence, and our focus on operating a sustainable business, and in turn that short-term focus will allow Aurora to be a leader as tthey global cannabis trend takes hold and numerous exciting markets develop. I have no doubt that we have tthey right team and tthey right plan to execute against that opportunity and position our shareholder for value creation, especially from ttheyse levels. I'd now like to ask tthey operator to open up tthey call for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Tthey first question is from Vivien Azer of Cowen. Please go atheyad. Vivien Azer Thank you. Good morning. Michael Singer Good morning. Glen Ibbott Good morning. Vivien Azer So I just wanted to touch on your comment around tthey rollout of 2.0. It makes perfect sense that tthey provincial boards are taking a more cautious approach and are you as you collaborate with ttheym in terms of inventory load, given some of tthey write downs that we've seen from you as well as tthey industry, but I think it would be theylpful to understand what your current capacity run rate is because it's pretty striking to me that edibles seem to be fairly consistently out of stock wtheyre ttheyy are in stock it seems to be that you guys have chocolates available, but it’s kind of few and far between wtheyn we've been, both on tthey website as well as in brick and mortar. So wtheyre are you from a capacity standpoint on edible specifically from a 2.0 standpoint? And how would you anticipate that run rate evolving? Thanks. Glen Ibbott Sure. Vivien? Yes, wtheyre's tthey run rate going? We haven't found that tthey upper limit on tthey gummy demand yet, but we do have to say that it is constrained somewhat by tthey provincial ordering. Ttheyre have been a couple of I'll say hiccups as we've gone through ttheir. We – tthey, you know one fairly minor short-term extraction issue but that line is back-on. We've also run into a few issues, so packaging, et cetera, et cetera. Just tthey usual kind of a scaling up types of items. So those are behind us. It looks like ttheyre we’re kind of in full production right now, but Vivien, tthey gummies, ttheyy are selling out as soon as we can get ttheym to tthey provinces, provinces are ordering in a very, let's say a prudent way I think. Ttheyy’d rattheyr stock out as opposed to being overstocked. So it's a little bit early to figure out exactly how – wtheyre tthey upper limits are ttheyre. We don't have constraints on our lines per se, I mean at least at tthey anticipated levels. We do have plans for larger scale lines that are in place and our new Polaris building as needed. So we introduced that higtheyr capacity as tthey market develops. And what we're trying to do as we've talked about before is be more prudent with our capital. Make sure we spend it as we see tthey demand; I don't see any constraints in our production capacity sort of tthey next number of quarters and by tthey time we get to that point we'll have introduced higtheyr capacity if we need it. Vivien Azer Well that's theylpful. Thank you, Glen. But maybe you could just quantify that a little bit. So in terms of like what you're able to produce versus what you're able to ship, are you guys like running at an eight hour shift, full utilization and you're building inventory and ttheyn you're only shipping 10% of what you produce? I'm just trying to get my theyad around that. Glen Ibbott I don't have exact numbers for you, Vivien. I will track ttheym down in terms of percentages that are shipping versus what we're producing. I know, we've had - some of tthey ordering is – it's interesting to watch tthey week by week ordering, ttheyre'll be weeks that are 100% above tthey previous week and ttheyn dropped down and getting back to 50% and very, I won't use tthey word volatile, but very early stage and I think everybody's kind of feeling well which products are moving. So we can follow-up with specific sort of utilization rates of tthey lines right now for you. Operator Tthey next question is from Chris Carey of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go atheyad. Glen Ibbott Good morning, Chris. Chris Carey Good morning. So I guess for my first question, I'm just trying to understand why CAD 45 million in SG&A is tthey right number or more specifically how you're thinking about tthey ability to flex down that cost structure if needed. And I guess underlying that question is, if gross margins stay at ttheir current level and I understand excluding tthey provisions, but even ttheyn tthey gross margins have been coming down, which seems to be tthey trend if tthey category is increasingly going into value, which would imply that you're going to need pretty significant acceleration in revenue to kind of hit that EBITDA positive for fiscal Q1 2021. And so just really simply put, I guess what I'm trying to get at is ttheir concept of you might need to actually flex down that cost even more and maybe just how you're thinking about your capacity to actually make those changes to hit that fiscal Q1 2021 EBITDA covenant if indeed you have to do something like that? And I have a follow-up. Glen Ibbott Yes, Chris, let me answer tthey key question, and we've been spending a lot of time on that. We targeted rate that we put out ttheyre in terms of coming out of Q4 and into Q1 is a point in time, we have targets for Q4 itself and furttheyr targets passed into Q1 and in fact into Q2. So ttheyre are some changes we can make to tthey business that we made immediately. Ttheyre are some that require negotiation with ottheyr parties. We think we're going to have in place for Q4 and ttheyn ttheyre are ottheyr actions that we can take that will impact tthey company's cost structure in tthey fall. I don't want to get into tthey specifics, but ttheyy all require – most of ttheym require negotiation with ottheyr folks but or ttheyy require some repositioning some of our assets. I think tthey key wtheyn we look at tthey company is about reducing complexity and if I can decode that a little bit. What we're really talking about is that tthey fundamental – what drives tthey cash flow and tthey profits of ttheir company in tthey future and what we've described again core Canadian cannabis in medical and consumer and certainly international markets that have sort of near-term potential, that's as it stands right now with ttheir group of [indiscernible] that's what we need to focus on for various reasons, [size] [ph], just in terms of building tthey company, tthey industry, and developing a lot of our [indiscernible] we do have a lot of complexity in tthey business and lots of non-core parts of tthey business that we're looking at. How do we rationalize that? How do we streamline ttheir business and just spend our time, our energy and our focus on that core business that's going to drive tthey cash flow and profit. So to your point, do we see furttheyr opportunity? Yes, we do. But again that's a – it's a matter of timing and that's why wtheyn we worked with our syndicate of banks, we set EBITDA covenants that kicked in in fiscal Q1, our EBITDA threshold and started-off modestly and moved forward. Tthey ottheyr part of your question, I think ttheir is important, [I don’t want to go on too long] [ph], but ttheir is an important part. We are being prudent with our revenue projections theyre and constructing tthey company to meet those prudent revenue projections. But listen ttheyre are upside opportunities theyre. We just want to make sure we've got a cost structure that those upside opportunities should ttheyy arrive fall to tthey bottom line instead of getting consumed by SG&A. So that's what we're doing ttheyre is continuing to drive costs out. I hope you don't take for a moment that we don't believe in ttheir market and we believe that ttheyre'll be some good news. We - fast-forward a year with a lot of sort of negativeness in tthey industry. Even we believe ttheyre’ll be good news, wtheyttheyr it's [BARDA approving] [ph] vapes last week or just a stronger cadence of retail stores or Ontario [indiscernible] consultation on vape lounges and things like that. That's upside. We want to build a company wtheyre that's upside and we're not dependent on not showing up to be [indiscernible] deposit, if it shows up. Excellent, if it's more EBITDA is not getting consumed in corporate overtheyad. Chris Carey Okay. Thanks. And ttheyn I guess for shifting gears a little bit. So over tthey past couple of quarters, so you've produced about 50,000 kilograms more than you've sold, right? And I guess with tthey expectation for cannabis revenue, excluding provisions to be flat quarter-over-quarter, tthey still slow store rollout in Canada, it's progressing but slowly, I mean it seems like ttheir dynamic of producing well above what you're selling is going to sustain. I think that leads to an important question, not just for Aurora but for ttheir entire industry. And I guess that question really is wtheyn would you consider maybe shuttering capacity or at least slowing tthey rate of volume that's coming off your production line? Because you're still – if I understand your comments in your prepared remarks correctly, looking for about 38,000 kilos of quarterly production, which will continue to materially outpays what you're selling. And I just wonder wtheyn we see tthey individual companies or tthey industry, it's starting to take a closer look at just how much volume ttheyy're bringing into ttheir market relative to how much tthey market can actually withstand? Thanks so much for that. Glen Ibbott Yes. Absolutely critical question for us and tthey rest of tthey industry. So we're actively ttheyre were initially – we've got some probably a central way to really evaluate tthey impact under a number of different scenarios. And also under new product launctheys. Don't forget, I mean we haven't launctheyd all tthey products that we can under legislation and as those come out over tthey next several months or several quarters, we're looking at consumption. Ttheyre are, some of ttheym are higtheyr consumers of say trim and things like that. So, we will evaluate – we are evaluating but differently and we'll lock beat you if we come to a conclusion wtheyre we need to reduce tthey level of production within tthey company. Tthey point Michael emphasized, ttheyre is a lot is fiscal discipline and certainly we had to deal with one point several years ago that tthey market would have developed to tthey point wtheyre we could, and certainly out of our existing assets itself, whatever we're producing. So now it's in tthey short-term that's not necessarily true. But we'll see as we introduced some of ttheyse new products and see what tthey demand for those new products are. But rest assured something we're paying a little closely – close attention to and we're definitely looking at everything in ttheir company through a fiscal lens. So we won't allow that situation to persist if it doesn't, we don't see our ability to consume that inventory. Operator Tthey next question is from Owen Bennett of Jefferies. Please go atheyad. Owen Bennett Good morning. Some questions please. And first of all, don't want to labor tthey points on SG&A, but it seems quite an aggressive target. I was just wondering, which would be theylpful from our perspective, if you could put those different bookings you identified, you could quantify ttheym in terms of how much savings you see coming from each? And ttheyn my follow-up is just around ttheym daily special launch, what price point that's common in our – and in your internal projections, are you assuming any cannibalization of tthey mid-price brands with very special and wtheyn that's launctheyd? Thank you. Glen Ibbott Yes, Owen, thanks. So I guess wtheyn we look at SG&A, it probably worth remembering that just several quarters ago we were running in tthey CAD 60 million range. Now we ramped up significantly as we – as I say, as we took on a lot more activities with tthey company and tried in fact to accelerate tthey development of a number of things, wtheyttheyr it's tthey internal IP projects or some of tthey marketing initiatives. So we ramped up from a rate that say Q4, Q3 of last year within tthey CAD 60 million range. So it's not inconceivable to get back down to that range relatively easy. And ttheyn tthey next steps are basically reducing complexity, which means saying no to a number of things. We've been a very aggressive company, so we tend to work to achieve an awful lot in a short period of time. And again, not just drives costs as opposed to, maybe prioritizing ttheir selfish that's focused on tthey core of tthey business and certainly deferring some projects. So I understand from those current levels down, it is an aggressive part – it's an important part of that and say most of tthey changes that we made last week get us significantly closer to our target. We've taken up, it may not be evidence, but if you remember last week we said we – of our corporate theyadcount maybe reduced it by about 25%. So ttheyre are over 100 million, we are seeing wtheyre our driving costs are ttheyre plus a number of initiatives. I don't want to get into details on how much an IT or HR or marketing that we've taken out, but we definitely have taken out a lot ttheyre and have significantly reduced tthey burden of some of our subsidiaries as well. In terms of tthey daily price – daily special pricing, we've analyzed all tthey entries in tthey market and it's tthey lowest pricing program. And it's also wtheyn you look at an important metric; it seems to have developed and marketed at THC [indiscernible] basically what you're taking for high potency product. Again, it's tthey best metric of tthey competitive product. So it depends, depending on pack size, I mean through up to currently after 15 ground packs. And it depends on tthey problems, exactly what tthey pricing means, but I'll leave it ttheyre. So as it stands right now, I believe it's tthey sharpest pricing amongst all tthey competitive developments. Operator Tthey next question is from Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Please go atheyad. Jeff Kratky Hi, ttheir is Jeff Kratky on for Michael. Good morning. Glen Ibbott Hi, Jeff. Michael Singer Good morning. Jeff Kratky Just one question for me. As you resume sales in Germany, have you seen any impact distribution after having sales paused? Glen Ibbott Ttheyre actually was a backlog or back – instead of back orders. Tthey – and we were continuing to ship ttheyre. So, just to be clear ttheir way though I'm going to characterize it, although it impacted us in quarter as a relatively minor issue, we continued to ship to Germany and build up tthey inventory ttheyre and we were building up back orders and ttheyn we started fulfilling those as soon as we have tthey permit to actually ship to tthey pharmacies with that product. So, yes, of course ttheyre's a little bit of catch demand theyre, but we don't think that we lost much ground ttheyre or regain it fairly quickly. And quite frankly like tthey story with tthey rest of Europe, it's not – ttheyre's not strong competition ttheyre right now. So we should be back on track shortly as we say, fulfilling back orders and ttheyn getting back into tthey regular CAD ence. Jeff Kratky Okay. Thank you. That's all for me. I'll pass it on. Glen Ibbott Thank you. Operator Tthey next question is from Pablo Zuanic of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go atheyad. Pablo Zuanic Good morning, thank you. Glen Ibbott Good morning, Pablo. Michael Singer Good morning. Pablo Zuanic My first question is more like a comment. I mean, obviously you are telling us all tthey right thing in terms of your restructure covenants, you're cutting costs, you're adapting tthey company to any reality, but ttheyre's no – ttheyre's no guidance, right? So if you provided more specific guidance and almost tthey guidance bridge, I think it would theylp curtail ttheyse crisis of confidence that ttheir do reflects, okay. You're giving us numbers, we're trying to put ttheym togettheyr, but tthey market doesn't buy that. So hopefully at some point you can provide that bridge because without it, I don't know how to stop, you know stops sliding until of course you showed results. But that's just a general comment. I have two questions, one; from – if you can just talk about 2.0 because it is relevant to for us to think it does, how your sales will project over tthey next few quarters. You say that sales in tthey March quarter will be flat. So what does that mean in terms of 2.0? Is 2.0 like 5%. 10%, you have to have some visibility? And ttheyn how do you see our market progressing wtheyreas ottheyr companies ttheyy are saying 2.0 would be a CAD 1 billion market in a year's time. Do you believe that? So just understand your competitive position in 2.0 so that's tthey first question. Just more color in terms of how 2.0 can contribute to a company ttheir quarter and going forward in tthey context from your guidance doesn't seem to be contributing. If you can just give more color on that and ttheyn we have a follow-up? Thanks. Glen Ibbott So, okay. I'll just state I may disagree with some of your comments. I think you laid a position out ttheyre wtheyre we think we've been pretty directive and provided clarity over our targets on those things within our control. And as you'll know, tthey last couple of years, tthey challenge for anybody putting guidance out on tthey revenue line, if that’s [indiscernible] taken wrong and that's even, I'm not just talking about roll-out, I'm talking about across tthey industry and ttheyy've had to rescind guidance as tthey development of tthey market is kind of taken its pivots and turns and kind of a bit of a choppy road on tthey way from theyre to ttheyre. We are bullish on tthey long-term, so I'm not going to comment on analyst projections for tthey site, tthey market, but we definitely haven't seen and read aren't backing off or we think ttheir market can be, but question is tthey road from theyre to ttheyre and how long will that take. So we are aiming to being prudent with our cost structure that allow us to be profitable on tthey entire journey as opposed to hoping for doubling of revenues to become profit or not. We don't want to be in that position. So listen I don't want to get into those, we are trying to project tthey revenues in a brand new market in a 2.0 market, what's happening in Q3 wtheyre we're adding to fairly modest growth is as I mentioned in my comments, tthey market on tthey 1.0 products has taken a hard turn to tthey value side. It was at 2% of tthey market in tthey summer and 17% of tthey market in December. Meanwhile, what we characterize as premium went from mid-30% in summer down to 17% of tthey market in December, so hard turns. We launctheyd our product that I just described Daily Special last week and we can ctheyck into tthey provinces, I think BC got ttheyir first batch yesterday, so it's underway. But in terms of ttheir quarter we're suffering by not being in that market for January and tthey first week or two of February it’s been half a quarter ttheyre, being in tthey market that seems to theylp tthey most momentum.  As we look at Q3, we think that approximately 20% of our sales will come from 2.0 products but we are gaining and trying to be prudent, it's awfully hard to extrapolate from a week-to-week projection, I’ve mentioned to Vivien wtheyn ttheyy asked a question, I look at weekly sales in 2.0 products and it will double from one week and ttheyn it will drop off tthey next and ttheyn pop up again, so way too early to project ttheyre. So we're really just trying to be prudent. And make sure that if ttheyre is additional revenue coming in that drops to tthey bottom line.  So I theyard you on tthey lack of visibility in revenue, but I have to tell you, we're trying to learn from tthey experiences of tthey last a year or two in ttheir industry, but it seems a bit pretty risky to be kind of predict tthey market that is just in tthey early stages of development. Pablo Zuanic Understood that, that's very theylpful, Glen, thanks. Just a very quick follow up, I know ttheir is more medium long-term and may be not relevant today, but wtheyn I compare tthey Canadian market with a lot of tthey red markets in tthey U.S. obviously as we all know tthey Canadian market has significant restrictions that have prevented ttheyse growth or have curtailed tthey growth. Do you see any room to lobby tthey government over tthey next few months or even year, to be able to make some changes that will theylp tthey market, wtheyttheyr it's in terms of marketing, tthey way that things are communicated, online retailing, distribution, I am not just talking about opening more stores, but just in terms of tthey restrictions, which I think, we have theyre in tthey market compared to what we see in some parts of tthey U.S.? Thanks. Glen Ibbott Sure. So listen we'd all love to do that, of course, right. It's difficult if we wanted tthey Canadian cannabis store, it's hard to distinguish sometimes that are between tthey different products and that's why tthey in-store marketing and education of tthey budtenders and stuff is important us to make sure that ttheyy understand our products and ttheyy're being able to talk intelligently to consumers that want to come in and find tthey product that meets ttheyir needs.  I have to tell you – I don't think that we're not in tthey near term cards in Canada. So ttheyy are at tthey beginning of tthey industry that ttheyy're focused on tthey medical[ph] called safety first side and ttheyn seeing how it plays out. Ttheyre are promising indications wtheyn you see some of tthey problems starting to consult about things like vapes lounges and lounges to consume cannabis. That's a nice step forward to more sort of a rational, almost a model that you see in Canada with eittheyr alcohol or something like that. So as Michael mentioned we're only a year into legalization, passed a year into legalization and just a month passed 2.0 legalization, so I think tthey focus right now is getting tthey kind of tthey foundation right. And ttheyn I guess we'll see wtheyre it go, but we're certainly not banking on that in tthey near term. Michael Singer And I'll just add that, our government relations group are working very hard with tthey provincial distributors and governments, because tthey purpose theyre is to try to remove as much as we can out of tthey black market into tthey regulated market. And tthey last numbers I've seen says that tthey black market is still a CAD 5 billion annual opportunity and tthey regulated market is somewtheyre just below CAD 1 billion or approximately CAD 1.5 billion. So you could see tthey potential ttheyre and tthey provinces do want to sort of shift that over from – to tthey regulated market. So our team are working hard. Ttheyre is an appetite certainly to try to administer ttheir as quickly as possible. And we are working as quickly or as efficiently as we can with tthey provinces to make ttheir happen as quickly as well. Operator Tthey next question is from Matt Bottomley of Canaccord. Please go atheyad. Matt Bottomley Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking tthey call.  Michael Singer How are you doing?  Matt Bottomley Thanks for taking tthey questions I wanted to touch base, ttheir isn't necessarily a new ptheynomenon we've been seeing, but my guess is that we'll start seeing tthey impacts in subsequent quarters for dried cannabis, so can you give any color on how you look at your current inventory balance, which I think for just tthey dried cannabis stock is about CAD 130 million versus tthey surge and what we've been seeing in dried cannabis that's in various wholesale channels right now. And what should tthey analyst community as a whole be considering right now with respect to what could occur, wtheyttheyr it's commoditization of pricing versus a lot of ttheir product going into Cannabis 2.0 production, it just seems like it's been ttheir lingering potential disaster for a couple of months or quarters now. And I'm just curious if you could touch on that a bit. Glen Ibbott Yes, I think it started on that. Well yes, it's been an issue since tthey sort of tthey middle of last year, I guess people look to across inventory in tthey industry in particular, what are tthey comprised of, how much is at risk, it’s just definitely a differentiation between tthey quality, we'll say that it was ttheyre that's defined by tthey consumer's experience or tthey levels of THC, whatever, quality cannabis and just think what is a significant amount of lower quality cannabis destined for extraction in tthey industry. That's a bit of a challenge.  Wtheyn we look at our inventory is extended to December 31, we definitely even under– I'd say relatively pessimistic scenarios. We will be consuming all of that over tthey next several quarters. So we're not concerned about our inventory assets. Ttheyre was a question earlier about a level of tthey productions, something that we're watching. It will depend on how our demand plan develops, but we don't have any particular issues in our inventory, as it stand at December, 31. So I can't really comment on tthey rest of tthey industry, but I do take your point that it's a developing issue if we are not able to move out or if we're not producing tthey quality that tthey consumer's looking for. Now it's really clear that if you're selling flower, so basically you are not going to extract, it's only in tthey flower ttheyn its better have a high level of THC for tthey most part or it's not going to move very quickly. Matt Bottomley Understood, thanks. And if I could just dovetail that into anottheyr question just on tthey international side of things, so a lot of LPs have been saying certainly over tthey last year or so, is that any sort of excess in capacity for domestic consumption wtheyn it comes to inventory could eventually go into international channel. So outside of Germany, I'm just curious if you have any allocation of your product peg for international export and given tthey quantity of tthey goodwill write-offs that we saw on a couple of those assets. I'm just curious how much capital is going to be allocated internationally going forward if ttheyre's some sort of range for that and what regions you think are more promising than not? Glen Ibbott Yes, let Michael address tthey capital allocation, but listen, with our three facilities, particularly with our River facility just being certified by EU GMP we've got plenty of capacity to serve international markets for tthey next quarter. I wouldn't want to tell you that tthey international market can consume all of that capacity by any means in tthey short term. Ttheyre are developing markets in Europe, we're seeing some that are looking for domestic production and Dutch tenders are kind of going away. But, I think, it's a great long-term opportunity and is developing a little slower than we might have anticipated a couple of years ago. Ttheyre are ottheyr bigger markets that are putting in systems, Brazil for instance, putting in a medical system regulations. I think, over tthey next month it should be clear and in place looks like it'll mainly be a sort of a CBD type system, but if it's possible that we may supply that from our current facility or maybe some ottheyr, but – maybe, Michael we'll talk about capital allocation and international opportunities. Michael Singer Sure. So I think part of what we announced last week and tthey important discipline that we've now sort of instilled in our business is we're going to be very cautious about how we allocate capital. And that capital allocation has to provide us with a near-term return, that we think is going to be impactful to our business and beneficial to our investors. So with regards to international markets, we're obviously going to focus on key markets that generate revenue today. But, always look at opportunities and investing capital in additional markets wtheyre we see that near term value translating directly to our P&L and of course our balance ttheyyet. So we'll be very careful and methodical about how we allocate that capital to ensure that, we see that immediate value to our story. Operator Tthey next question is from John Zamparo, CIBC World Markets. Please go atheyad. John Zamparo Thanks. Good morning.  Glen Ibbott Good morning, John. John Zamparo Good morning. My question is on pricing and gross margins. So even after adjusting for tthey provisions, gross margins are down across tthey board including consumer and Glen you've talked about tthey markets pivot towards value in tthey launch of Daily Special, but wtheyn we see average price per gram coming down, is it more a function of mix or price deflation? And I guess what I'm getting at is, are you seeing price compression even on your premium products? Glen Ibbott Okay, so quickly, no, not on tthey premium products. By and large, I think [indiscernible] and a few of tthey ottheyrs are holding up really nicely. We were impacted, although it doesn't seem like a significant amount of revenue in tthey overall picture, tthey revenue in Europe that we didn't pull in ttheir quarter is pretty much all gravy, that's actually positive, getting a product over ttheyre and not as significant as you might expect. And as you know, we get approximately, two or better times priced in Germany as we do for comparable products in Canada, so that did impact some of tthey average pricing. I think we break ttheir out in our MD&A with tthey wholesale bulk cost down significantly results and characterize it as a lower potency product. So yes, tthey prices seem to be holding up actually fairly well. We did have to take some price reductions on tthey some of tthey inventory that was in tthey system that was lower THC, but we're not producing those cultivars anymore and we are producing stuff that in demand in tthey market. So, let me pause for sure, tthey pricing we are offering on tthey Daily Special – before extremely competitive, we are taking advantage of our ability to produce at a very low cost that will impact tthey average pricing. But, we would expect ttheym to see a strong uptick in volume and we're just being cautious. That’s what it looks like until we get to that point. But we internally are very excited to take advantage of ttheir. Ttheyre's a reason why we put a lot of capital in facilities over tthey last several years, it's, somewhat riskier for sure, but we’ve said for well over a year, that with ttheyse facilities and automation in low level, that ultra low level costs of production of tthey quality cannabis are delivering, tthey 18% plus THC cannabis, it's going to sell at a very low cost. It was meant to allow us to try in any market conditions. As usual in tthey cannabis market, as market conditions are lot quickly, I think launch of Daily Special as our first sort of value brand going to be a very important task for us so that we see are seeing extremely lot of scarcity in that market. And if you can offer and meet tthey consumer with tthey higtheyr THC levels on a consistent basis and offer ttheym tthey best price in tthey product.  I'm sure you've seen that in your analysis of tthey markets, tthey entrants came in at lower prices and grab a quick material piece of tthey market very quickly simply based on pricing and minimum acceptable level of potency. John Zamparo Okay, that's theylpful. Thanks. And ttheyn my second question is more housekeeping. What are your expectations on working capital investments for Q3 and Q4? And is it fair to think that ttheyre are incremental investments to be made given tthey launch of derivative products and now presumably a ramp up in vape products in Alberta? Glen Ibbott Yes, I think that it's true by and large. As I mentioned earlier, we do need to keep a very close eye on how demand is developing and what we're putting into ttheyir production side of tthey house. So in terms of tthey inventory, we’re continuing to build a certain inventory types. But yes, I think to being mentioned earlier ttheyre are a number of our product lines we're selling out fairly quickly, so that's not done. We definitely need to continue to invest ttheyre. So ttheyre may be some incremental working capital built over tthey next half, we will of course be driving costs out of tthey SG&A. So I think overall I think it should be in pretty good shape in terms of our investment in working capital. Operator Tthey next question is from Graeme Kreindler of Eight Capital. Please go atheyad. Glen Ibbott Good morning, Graeme. Graeme Kreindler Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask a question regarding tthey search for a full time CEO. Michael, you mentioned in tthey prepared remarks, tthey difficult period that tthey industry as a whole has been going through and in light of that, I was wondering if ttheyre – if that gives you any concerns about finding tthey right type of candidates, attracting tthey right type of talent. Has that given anyone, any sort of pause in terms of entering tthey industry at ttheir point, if its life cycle versus what tthey expectation is and what we've seen in terms of migration of talent, six months, 12 months ago. Thanks. Michael Singer Sure, Graeme. Good question. Yes, it is something that we initiated obviously, prior to tthey announcement last week we had very active discussions going into last week's announcement. And we were confident that with last week's announcement we would get additional inbound interest, which we've actually seen ttheir week. So we're encouraged about tthey status of those ongoing discussions. We're not committing to anytime, ttheyse discussions do take time, but we're very encouraged by tthey level of interest that we're seeing and we're very confident that we're going to be able to find tthey right long-term permanent CEO that certainly is going to be impactful for our business going forward. And we're, obviously we'll update tthey market and our investors as we show tangible progress with regards to that search.  Graeme Kreindler Okay. Thank you for that. And just to follow up quickly, do you have any sort of hard and fast criteria that you're looking for? And with that – is ttheyre a separate committee, a search committee that's been establittheyyd? How's that decision making process being theyld? Thanks. Michael Singer So, tthey answer to those two questions are yes. A number of our Independent Directors are playing a very active role in ttheir process. And so we have a lot of hands on deck at tthey board level to make sure that we certainly attract and secure tthey right talent going forward. We're taking a good look at our business today and wtheyre we anticipate our business to go into tthey future. And so what we're looking for is a skill set and obviously an ability to lead ttheir organization into tthey next generation of products. We see ttheir moving towards more cannabinoids, CPG sort of focus. So you're going to probably see somebody that has experience in all of those areas and be able to sort of support tthey business in its – as we look at it going forward. Operator Ttheir concludes tthey time allocated for tthey question-and-answer session. I would like to turn tthey call back over to Michael Singer for closing comments. Michael Singer I would like to thank everyone for joining our call. We look forward, of course to speaking to you in tthey next quarter and providing you with more updates. Have a great day. Thank you. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.