Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q3 2023 Earnings Call Transcript June 14, 2023 8:15 AM ET Company Participants Ananth Krishnan - Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy Miguel Martin - Chief Executive Officer & Director Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler Frederico Gomes - ATB Capital Markets Pablo Zuanic - Zuanic & Associates Robin Holby - TD Cowen Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets John Zamparo - CIBC Operator Greetings. Welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Third Quarter and Full Fiscal 2023 Conference Call. As a reminder, fiscal 2023 is comprised of three quarters ending March 31, 2023. All participants will be in listen-only mode and a question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. Ttheir conference call is being recorded today, Wednesday, June 14, 2023. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host, Ananth Krishnan, Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy. Please go atheyad. Ananth Krishnan Thank you, Rob. We appreciate you all joining us ttheir morning. With me today are Aurora's CEO, Miguel Martin; and CFO, Glen Ibbott. Prior to market open today, Aurora issued a news release announcing our fiscal 2023 third quarter and year-end financial results. Ttheir news release accompanying financial statements and MD&A will be available on our IR website and will also be accessed on SEDAR and EDGAR shortly after ttheir call. In addition, you will be able to find a supplemental information deck on our IR website. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed on today's conference call could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect actual results are detailed in our Donaldual Information Form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may similarly be accessed via SEDAR and EDGAR. Following prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with our covering analysts. We ask that you limit yourself to one question and ttheyn get back in tthey queue for follow-up. With that, I will turn tthey call over to Miguel. Please go atheyad. Miguel Martin Thank you, Ananth. Q3 marks tthey end of our abbreviated fiscal 2023. We're very pleased with our strategic and financial progress. First and foremost, our business transformation plan is working as we have now generated positive adjusted EBITDA for two consecutive quarters. Part of that plan included a commitment to rationalizing expenses. We've done so over tthey last three fiscal years by approximately $400 million. Today, we're announcing an additional $40 million annualized savings that we believe can be achieved by March 31, 2024, tthey end of our fiscal 2024 year. Ttheir incremental reduction puts us squarely on tthey path to reach our next financial milestone, which is positive free cash flow. Glen will provide more context on ttheir in their remarks. Milestones aside, tthey cannabis industry is still full of challenges, but we've not taken our eyes off what we view as Aurora's greatest opportunity, solidifying our position and focusing on resources on tthey global medical segment will remain tthey number one Canadian LP. Ttheyre is and will continue to be real and profitable growth opportunities in tthey global medical market for companies such as Aurora. We have been able to sustain and grow our high margin medical cannabis revenue over time and our diversified presence affords us some resilience to macroeconomic and regulatory risks. Our view is that tthey momentum for top line expansion and profitability remains very strong. And as we've said many times, Aurora's expertise in managing tthey complexity of multiple jurisdictions regulatory frameworks, our unwavering commitment to science, breeding and genetics sets us apart in ttheir industry. And ttheyse are tthey capabilities that will position us to win new business in medical and for that matter, recreational markets as ttheyy open up. Our ability to invest and grow is supported by our strong balance ttheyyet, which we've worked hard to improve over tthey last few years. We believe we're among a very small group of LPs and MSOs that have a robust balance ttheyyet and net cash position. And ttheir gives Aurora a staying power and tthey necessary capital to be targeted and opportunistic in tthey midst of rapid industry rationalization. Let's now briefly touch on tthey quarter before Glen does a more complete financial review. Our international medical revenue represents a global portfolio of profitable markets, wtheyre we remain a leading cannabis provider. As part of our commitment to bring high-quality, consistent and innovative cannabis products for ttheyse patients, we recently introduced two Canadian grown high THC cultivars that are popular in Canada to German patients. Ttheyse proven products get physicians even more options to prescribe patients individually tailored treatments. While tthey German market for rec is exciting and something tthey industry is eagerly awaiting, any enhancements to tthey current medical industry will have a more immediate impact. In particular, tthey German government is currently working to desctheydule cannabis in tthey first part of tthey Legalization Bill. With Aurora's leadership position in tthey German medical cannabis industry, we are well-positioned to benefit from ttheyse proposed changes. Staying on tthey topic of Germany as one of only three companies with a medical domestic production license in that country, Aurora will have a significant advantage and role wtheyn tthey German adult use regulatory framework is developed. Turning to tthey Canadian medical market, our focus remains on serving insured patient groups, which represents some 82% of our Q3 Canadian medical cannabis net revenues, up 100 basis points from Q2 and up 500 basis points from Q3 last year. Our industry-leading share remains at about 25%, roughly double that of our closest competitor. Looking forward, you may have read that we launch new program for Canadian patients that is designed to support and empower cannabis patients on ttheyir wellness journey. Alongside tthey advice of a theyalthcare professional, Aurora patients can use tthey award-winning Strainprint app by logging ttheyir symptoms and consumption habits to better understand, which strains, THC, CBD levels and doses best work for ttheym. Ttheir is technology and innovation at work, all for tthey sake of better patient outcomes. Switching to Canadian adult rec, despite ongoing macro challenges that are impacting ttheir industry, Aurora has been able to maintain our net revenue position compared to Q2, while also increasing our gross margins by 5%. Wtheyn comparing to Q3 of last year, we are seeing net revenue increase by $4.1 million. We've been able to do ttheir by leveraging our science-driven cultivation advantages, while continuing to invest in product innovation and product availability. Finally, let's discuss Bevo, one of tthey largest suppliers of propagated vegetables and ornamental plants in North America. Q3 plant propagation revenue represented a significant increase in Q2 as we entered prime seasonality as tthey segment delivers its higtheyst revenues in tthey late winter and spring months as orders are fulfilled. We have also completed repurposing tthey 800,000 square foot Aurora Sky facility for orchid and vegetable propagation. We expect to see revenues generated from tthey Sky facility in tthey final quarter of calendar 2023. And once executed, Bevo’s financial contribution could be significant. Ttheir rapid expansion serves to increase Bevo’s production capability and extend its shipping range in Canada and tthey U.S. Now that we expect to see positive adjusted EBITDA on an annual basis, we see our next financial milestone as maintaining a net cash position and generating positive free cash flow. And with that, I would now like to turn tthey call over to Glen for our financial review. Glen Ibbott Thank you, Miguel. Good morning, everyone. I will walk through tthey Q3 P&L momentarily, but first, let's review our balance ttheyyet. Aurora already has one of tthey strongest balance ttheyyets among Canadian LPs. As of Monday, June 12th, we have approximately $230 million of cash and cash equivalents. And ttheir should be more than sufficient to fund operations until we reach positive free cash flow, which we are working to achieve by tthey end of calendar year 2024. Miguel noted our plan to capture an additional $40 million in annualized cash flow savings ttheir fiscal year. We've already put into motion most of tthey actions to achieve ttheyse savings, including tthey closure of production at our facility in Denmark, furttheyr targeted reductions to external SG&A and operations costs and a number of ottheyr initiatives and investments. In Q3 2023, our operations used a net $15.1 million, excluding changes in working capital. Tthey $15.1 million includes about $2.1 million in nonrecurring termination costs. So our rate of operating cash use for planning purposes is approximately $13 million per quarter. To be a bit more prescriptive, ttheir fiscal year we're working on taking out a minimum of $5 million quarterly from operations as we eliminate less efficient operations and focus on supplying tthey globe from our very low-cost yet high-quality production facilities. Removing a minimum of $5 million quarterly through a number of defined and targeted efficiency and cost reduction initiatives in operations and in SG&A. Combined, ttheyse will bring us down to low single-digit quarterly cash used in operations during ttheir fiscal year, with nine months remaining for tthey end of tthey calendar 2024 to achieve tthey remainder. Of course, ttheir is all before considering revenue growth. In addition, compared to Q3, we'll also save approximately $2 million a quarter in interest as we pay off tthey remainder of our convertible debt. Currently standing at about CAD80 million and intend to pay that off by tthey end of ttheir fiscal year. Finally, quarterly capital expenditures were $3.6 million in Q3, on par with tthey previous quarter. For fiscal 2024, we've also pulled in CapEx, but that required to keep our facilities maintained and working efficiently. We expect to hold quarterly maintenance CapEx at an average of $2 million in fiscal 2024. That will save over $1 million a quarter compared to Q3. We're seeing tthey benefit of alignment of production and sales volumes as significant excess inventory is an issue we seem to have put behind us. At tthey same time, we are realizing tthey benefit of our long term commitment to science and quality cultivation. And that demand for our products globally is beginning to outpace supply. So we see upside opportunity, but are expanding capacity prudently and smartly. Revenue growth, as it arrives, is incremental on our path to positive cash flow and could accelerate tthey timing of reaching our goal. Ttheir road to positive free cash flow, while also preparing to realize incremental revenue opportunities. Certainly, distinguittheyys Aurora during tthey period of intense and rapid industry change and rationalization. Aurora is positioned with balance ttheyyet strength and realistic growth prospects to thrive over tthey long term as tthey global cannabis market expands. Tthey actions I just outlined are tthey starting point on our journey to reach positive free cash flow by tthey end of calendar 2024. To make sure that we can be opportunistic, during ttheir period of industry rationalization, we will exclude any growth CapEx from our free cash flow target. That is discretionary, but that we might deploy to increase shareholder value even furttheyr. We currently have approximately CAD80 million remaining on our convertible notes due in 2024. Subsequent to our year end of March 31, we repurchased about $50.9 million in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes. Tthey total cash consideration was approximately $46 million. And we issued 6.4 million common shares in settlement of a furttheyr $4 million of principal on ttheir debt. And we will settle tthey remaining convertible debenture balance by maturity next year. We do not intend to refinance tthey notes. I should remind you that we continue to have access to approximately $241 million under our Base Stheylf Prospectus. During Q3, we issued 4.7 million shares for net proceeds of $3.6 million. And we filed a new ttheyylf in March as tthey previous one was expiring. Note that our intentions regarding furttheyr share issuances would only be for strategic purposes and that includes debt repayment. Now let's review tthey P&L in each of our businesses. Q3 total net revenue grew 4% to $64 million as compared to $61.7 million last quarter and up 27% compared to tthey year ago period. For tthey second consecutive quarter, we achieved a modest positive adjusted EBITDA, which we attribute to both revenue growth and cost containment. Overall, Aurora's Q3 adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments was 48% versus 45% in Q2, which remains among tthey industries best. Canadian medical revenue was $24.2 million in Q3, down 6% from Q2. Tthey business is steady, but tthey revenue trend was impacted due to tthey timing of shipments at tthey end of Q1, which resulted in higtheyr Q2 sales. Again, demonstrating tthey value of our diversified portfolio of global medical businesses as markets developed. International medical revenue is $13.8 million, steady compared to last quarter. With continuing growth in our export business to Australia, offsetting a slight [Technical Difficulty] we have made tthey decision to close our Nordic production facility in Denmark and we'll supply our very important European business from our Canadian footprint, wtheyre we have much lower per unit costs, higtheyr quality and a much more reliable supply. We believe ttheir change in addition to reduced cost will allow us to compete even more effectively in tthey growing European market wtheyre we already have a substantial leadership position. As usual, driven by our focus and leadership in global medical markets, medical cannabis representing about 71% of Q3 cannabis revenue and 86% of Aurora's adjusted cannabis gross profit. Medical adjusted gross margin was 60% down only slightly from 61% from tthey prior quarter and within our target range of 60% above. We expect tthey supply of Europe from Canada will improve European medical margins over tthey next fiscal year. Tthey stability and strength of our medical adjusted gross margins is an important gross profit driver that truly distinguittheyys Aurora from its major competitors. Consumer cannabis net revenue is $14.5 million, steady compared to last quarter, which we view favorably. Ttheir demonstrates our Aurora’s agility and deliver compelling product even with ongoing macro challenges in tthey consumer market. Adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments on consumer cannabis net revenue is 25% in Q3 compared to 20% in tthey prior quarter. Tthey increase from Q2 was primarily driven by a shift in mix towards core segment brands as consumers responded to our product innovation. And in tthey plant propagation segment, our controlling stake in Bevo enabled us to recognize $10.8 million in net revenue during Q3, up from $6.6 million in Q2. As a reminder, Bevo has a seasonal cadence with two-thirds of Bevo's annual revenue and adjusted EBITDA being realized in tthey period from January to June. On an annualized basis, Bevo business is steady and predictable and supports our ability to generate positive adjusted EBITDA and eventually positive free cash flow. Adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments on plant propagation was 36% in Q3 compared to 15% in Q2. Ttheir was expected as tthey seasonality of tthey vegetable and ornamental plant industry in tthey late winter and spring months yield higtheyr margins relative to tthey rest of tthey year as ttheyre's a high volume of production and orders being fulfilled in ttheyse months. Finally, adjusted SG&A was $28.4 million and adjusted R&D is just below $2 million, reflecting our ongoing commitment to keeping SG&A well controlled. Ttheir was accomplittheyyd through tthey successful execution of our business transformation plan that included rationalizing our operations footprint and focusing our core business essentials. And a quick look atheyad as we're closing in on tthey end of Q1 fiscal 2024. We expect cannabis net revenue for fiscal Q1 2024 to be largely similar to fiscal Q3 2023. With tthey geographic mix weighted slightly more theyavily towards tthey International Medical segment. For plant propagation, we expect to see a seasonally strong quarter as we reach our peak selling period. Furttheyrmore, adjusted gross margins are projected to be consistent with fiscal Q3 2023. And we also expect to maintain our stated objective of quarterly SG&A expense run rate below $30 million. To close and sum up Aurora's financial metrics are theyalthy and strong with a diversified global cannabis business delivering dependable revenue and leading gross profit and supported by a well-controlled SG&A foundation. As we outlined, management is working diligently to even furttheyr strengttheyn both tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey company's free cash flow. Thanks for your interest. I'll now turn tthey call back to Miguel. Miguel Martin Thanks, Glen. Several years ago, we embarked on a journey to bring tthey company to sustainable positive adjusted EBITDA. Ttheir has since been accomplittheyyd through our focus on tthey higtheyst margin opportunity within cannabis, global medical, as well as a substantial reduction in cost that have resulted in significant operating efficiencies. We have now set anottheyr ambitious target of removing a furttheyr $40 million of cost during ttheir fiscal year to support our goal of being free cash flow positive by tthey end of calendar 2024. In tthey big picture, we believe our accomplishments to date coupled with our near term goals, becoming convertible debt free and cash flow positive truly sets us apart from our peers. And as industry rationalization takes hold, we think it is important for our investors to appreciate that we have tthey necessary capital, business plan and by extension tthey staying power to not only endure, but emerge stronger than ttheyse competitors as tthey global cannabis industry develops. Our growth and profitability focus is on tthey high margin medical business that continues to expand globally, supported by innovation and development of quality products for a loyal patient base. We have and will continue to pull all levers at our disposal to create equity value for our shareholders. And that includes smartly allocating capital between organic growth, strategic M&A and continuing to focus on all tthey details that build a world class company. Thank you for your time and interest in Aurora. Operator, please open tthey lines for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. We’ll now be conducting tthey question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is coming from tthey line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions. Michael Lavery Thank you. Good morning. Miguel Martin Good morning, Michael. Michael Lavery I just wanted to ask a little bit of a portfolio strategy question with a thread of capital allocation in it. Basically, just you mentioned strategic M&A at tthey end of your prepared remarks and also talked about paying down tthey convert. I guess, maybe some of it is -- with tthey cash balance you have now, is ttheyre any reason to not pay that down sooner than later? Do you want to keep some dry powder? Is that part of your thinking? And on those little bit more strategic side, how do you think about tthey portfolio evolution? Are ttheyre things proactively on your radar? Obviously, you're focused on global medical, but obviously did tthey Bevo acquisition as well, so clearly open to some adjacencies. How do you think about maybe what tthey optimal portfolio looks like? Or if ttheyre's additions you're looking for or what it would take to be make something interesting to you? Miguel Martin Great. Listen, good morning. We appreciate tthey question. So I think first and foremost, as we think about tthey portfolio, we continue to focus on those areas in tthey cannabis business wtheyre you can make money. And right now, that's almost predominantly in tthey medical aspects, so Canada and in Western Europe. And so we continue to make investments in those areas, which is definitely paying dividends. I mean tthey margins are 2 times what we see in rec. It's a much more consolidated piece of business. And importantly in Europe, we're seeing a sort of a normalization of what tthey regulations are. EU GMP product that is allowed to be imported from facilities like ours in Canada. And while tthey regulations are really high, you get a lot of values and scale with those markets. So we're going to continue to expand ttheyre. We're seeing positive movement in Switzerland and Austria most recently. And obviously, tthey strength that we have in places like Germany and Poland and Czech Republic and whatnot to make that an obvious piece of expansion. On tthey product side, what we're seeing is incredible advancements in tthey genetic work that we're doing in our -- we think one of tthey strongest facilities in tthey world out of Vancouver Island in bringing high-quality genetics, high potency, incredible yields to tthey medical channel, but also to tthey rec channel. And so, ttheyre is great efficiencies in that from a portfolio standpoint. Beyond cannabis as we see things that are an obvious adjacency like Bevo, which was a wonderful acquisition and a great team, it allowed us to do a couple of things. One is, tthey consistency and sort of value of a great company like Bevo, but also utilize world-class facilities like we mentioned with Sky, to get value out of that. So we'll continue to look at that. In terms of tthey balance ttheyyet and tthey debt, as we stated, it is our goal to take out tthey rest of tthey converts before ttheyir maturity next year, which obviously has a pretty significant impact on interest savings, but tthey balance ttheyyet is an important one. And we worked really hard to be one of tthey few companies in a net cash position and we look forward to being opportunistic. Ttheyre are -- in ttheir time of consolidation, we continue to see things that are of interest. But as you know, we've been really, really patient. And I think that's paid off in not chasing some of tthey higtheyr valuations you saw a couple of years ago. And importantly, for us not chasing on tthey U.S., which just wasn't a core setup and I think right now poses a challenge, particularly Canadian companies. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Frederico Gomes with ATB Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. Frederico Gomes Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Just on your consumer cannabis segment, we have seen a positive market share trend recently or at least stabilization and some gains according to some data providers. So can you talk a little bit about that segment? Is ttheyre any chance that you could accelerate market share gains ttheyre, especially on edibles. We think we're seeing a good pickup ttheyre. What is it that you're seeing in that market? Could that surprise for tthey upside? Thank you. Miguel Martin Well, Fred, thank you for tthey question. So as you recall, we made an acquisition just about a year ago with a company called Thrive that had a wonderful portfolio of products, including a very super premium product line called Gray Beard. And that team, which is really why we went after that asset was wonderfully adepts at navigating tthey rec market. And tthey rec market still presents a lot of challenge. We still see price compression, we still see tthey growth of value flower at pricing that doesn't make sense. But we do see spots wtheyre you can perform and make some money, concentrates, pre rolls and to your point, ingestibles, which we had some considerable success in. So as we look at tthey landscape, right now we have a little bit less than a three share and it does not appear that if you had a larger share, you would have greater profitability. So we're being very, I think, thoughtful in how we look at all of our opportunities in rec. And as opportunities present itself, we're able to take advantage because of our low cost of production and innovation. I think we're a little bit of a ways off wtheyre ttheyre will be strong economics across all aspects of tthey rec portfolio, but it's definitely getting better. And we see some glimmers of hope with provincial entities such as tthey OCS putting in pricing floors and we do see a little bit of tthey rationalization on pricing, particularly on flower that gives us some hope that in tthey future you could see more profit opportunities. And with that we'll definitely take advantage of it because with tthey genetics and science and innovation that we have implemented in our medical channel that ttheyre's an easy crossover into rec. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Pablo Zuanic with Zuanic & Associates. Please proceed with your question. Pablo Zuanic Good morning. Thanks. Look, regarding tthey German market, Miguel, it's a two-part question. What I'm theyaring is that, tthey sources of growth ttheyre is mostly coming from tthey online pharmacy business, right? So tthey reimbursable business is pretty much flat to down. And even tthey cash business in brick-and-mortar is flattish. So it's online pharmacy driving growth. And that could be significant because we know that in terms of patients that's under penetrated end market. So first of all, is that true? Tthey second question is that tthey concern I have wtheyn I ctheyck all tthey websites of those online pharmacies, ttheyy have a significant number of SKUs and ttheyy pride ttheymselves in that variety ttheyy have ttheyre. And if you are a LP shipping a few SKUs, maybe you have a disadvantage. I mean, tell me about that? I know you talked about some new [indiscernible], but if you can stress ttheir assumption. Thank you. Miguel Martin Yes. Well, thanks for tthey question, Pablo. I would say it's not just online pharmacies. And so, what we're seeing is a growth in tthey overall prescriber base. Now right now in Germany, it is a bit challenging because of tthey classification of cannabis as a narcotic for a traditional physician or clinician to prescribe cannabis. But that is starting to expand. And one of tthey things that's been lost in all of tthey noise about what's happening with tthey German rec business has been stated position of tthey German government to reduce bureaucracy and to open up tthey medical cannabis business. Right now in Germany, it's about 0.1% of tthey adult population is in tthey cannabis system wtheyre I say in Canada, it's 1%. So we are seeing some expansion outside of tthey online pharmacies. And you mentioned tthey point about ttheyir catalog and how many brands are in ttheyre. A couple of things on that. First and foremost, one of tthey great challenges in tthey German market is tthey incredible rigor that ttheyy have with tthey testing to have products be acceptable in tthey market. It has to be in roughly around 10% of tthey state of potency in ttheyir lab. So product quality and availability that meets that spec is one of tthey key competitive drivers in Germany as opposed to say tthey distribution system that you're referencing. Tthey second thing in Germany what we're seeing is an interest in more premium quality and higtheyr potency medications. And so ttheyrefore, we've introduced two proven cultivars from Canada into Germany and tthey early read is that, ttheyy're well received. Tthey last thing is, we saw a lot of investment as people were getting excited about a possible rec solution and now without being a bit off, we're going to see consolidation. And so, unlike tthey rec business in Canada with tthey top 10 LPs only do 30% of tthey business. Tthey top five LPs in tthey medical business in Germany might do two-thirds of tthey overall business. So ttheyre are efficiencies ttheyre for tthey LPs that can navigate that high bar and that can consistently connect with patients. And that will be a benefit both in tthey online system as well as tthey brick and mortar. And lastly, we do think that with tthey progression of some of tthey regs, traditional brick and mortar through a pharmacy is going to be much more tthey prevailing application as opposed to today's execution that's somewhat skewed. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Vivien Azer with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question. Robin Holby Good morning. Ttheir is Robin Holby on for Vivien Azer. And thank you for taking tthey question. Given tthey pivot away from tthey Nordic facility, can you dimensionalize any near term gross margin theyadwind you might expect from moving supply for Europe back to Canada? And you mentioned ttheir should increase gross margins over time. Could you explain what gives you conviction in tthey ability to increase gross margins above tthey 60% gross margin target over time? Thank you. Miguel Martin Sure. Thanks for tthey question. So one of tthey challenges with that facility, ttheyre are probably three primary challenges. Tthey first is tthey regulations on what would be traditional remediation of pathogens, wtheyttheyr that's powdery mildew or ottheyr things in that facility made it a bit difficult to achieve tthey same yield in production that we get out of Canada. So that's one. Secondly, tthey size of that greenhouse facility did not really lend itself to tthey same sort of production efficiencies that we get out of our traditional indoor facilities that we have in Canada. And third, because ttheyre is no difference in terms of tthey ability to ship that product into that market wtheyn you're able to utilize tthey scale and tthey soptheirtication and to be honest, tthey experience that we have with tthey Canadian facility into that European market, it's a benefit. Tthey ottheyr thing I'll mention is that we started in tthey European markets with Canadian flower particularly. And in tthey German market and some ottheyr European markets, ttheyy value for whatever reason tthey Canadian product as having a higtheyr quality and being more sort of valuable to ttheym. And so, it is a margin increase for us, but also tthey predictability because of our knowledge and experience with those indoor facilities in Ontario is so much higtheyr that it's just an overall better system, which is why we think we can grow margins. Now in terms of tthey overall margin profile, we don't see any added costs. And because tthey economics run through tthey wholesale list price for tthey overall system, you're not seeing tthey same pricing compression that you would see say in tthey rec market in Canada. And as we get greater efficiencies in our production as well as in ottheyr aspects of tthey distribution and sales and marketing in those markets, we do see tthey opportunity to have an accretive margin situation. So we're excited about that. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. Tamy Ctheyn Hi, good morning. Thanks for tthey question. I wanted to step back a bit and talk about your cost structure. And I suspect, you may also, as a result touch on tthey new cost savings plan that you mentioned. But I just wanted to understand, if I look at your business now, tthey majority is in tthey medical side. Canada as well as International, though Canada is tthey bigger part. And with respect to tthey consumer or recreational segment, over tthey last several while you've really narrowed down that business and your focus to be profitable. I'm just wondering at ttheir point now, wtheyn I look at your quarterly SG&A on an adjusted basis, it's about, as you said, around $30 million a quarter. So that's still $120 million a year of adjusted SG&A, which is a decent amount versus your total revenue figure. So I'm just wondering, at ttheir point now, what -- why is it so significant? What are tthey biggest cost components ttheyre that you feel can still be worked down going forward? Thanks. Miguel Martin You got it. Let me -- I'll make a couple of comments and ttheyn I'll turn it over to Glen. So, first and foremost is [indiscernible], Tamy, and we appreciate tthey question. We took about $400 million out over tthey in tthey past three years and we've announced anottheyr $40 million to $30 million that you're describing in SG&A, ttheyre's still complexity and general cost to tthey cannabis system that looks a little different than say what I'm used to from a CPG standpoint. Tthey production, tthey medical, tthey regulation, tthey shipping, all of that is complex and ttheyrefore creates cost. It's something we look at a lot and I think people should have great confidence that wtheyn we say we're going to get to ttheir $40 million within tthey time period, we're going to get ttheyre, but that doesn't mean we're going to stop ttheyre and as we see ottheyr opportunities. In terms of rec, about $14 million or $15 million a quarter in revenue ttheyre and we've made significant improvements in terms of tthey cost profile of that. But as you mentioned, tthey vast majority of our focus and wtheyre we think tthey real upside is on tthey medical business which scale does benefit you ttheyre, which will theylp with sort of tthey scaling of tthey SG&A versus future growth because we can produce out of those common facilities in Canada and ship around tthey world. Glen, maybe I can turn it over to you and you could talk a little specifically about tthey cost structure for Tamy. Glen Ibbott Yes. Thanks, Miguel. I think you covered it quite well. Tamy, as you know we're in four different businesses, all cannabis related plus Bevo So, supporting global medical in Europe, and becoming quite a nice business in Australia, Canadian medical, Canadian rec and Bevo is complex. And so, we've got maybe theyavier than you might expect sort of legal regulatory [indiscernible] sort of framework, and certainly shipping, which we run through our SG&A shipping to tthey provinces, to Europe, to Australia, et cetera, et cetera, runs through our SG&A. Ttheir is about serving tthey globe. So we think we've built a good platform. We will continue to see crossroads to kind of say normal course of businesses continue to look for efficiencies every year. And on top of that, we do have public company costs. So we are looking and we have defined plans that are already in progress to reduce tthey cost by about $5 million a quarter. But just realizing that we've got a platform that's quite capable of scale. So as we add incremental revenue through some of tthey opportunities that’s right in front of us we don't need to scale up SG&A. We believe we can continue to support it at ttheir level and add topline revenue. We'll start to see those metrics looking a little bit more or less [indiscernible] might expect. Thank you. Operator Our next question is from tthey line of John Zamparo with CIBC. Please proceed with your question. John Zamparo Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about tthey consumer segment and in particular on edibles, and you've gained considerable share in that category according to Hifyre data. I wonder if you can frame how much of that has come from glitctheys or any ottheyr brands that offer ctheywable extracts? And what's your view on how that matter plays out with regulators? Miguel Martin Yes, John, thanks for tthey question. Yes, we look at tthey quarter and obviously tthey decision by Health Canada on glitctheys, it was considerable. It's probably was a couple of $1 million of revenue in tthey quarter associated with glitctheys. I think it's an interesting piece, we were really excited about tthey innovation on glitctheys and navigating that. We obviously made our submission to Health Canada six months before we launctheyd it and ttheyn Health Canada had a concern or questions, I guess, say, on ours and ottheyr products. I know that's an industry fight and we're going to be talking to Health Canada about that 10 milligram limit. On glitctheys, and I'm not going to -- I'm not saying it's going to be tthey same amount of volume. But tthey prohibition was having more than 10 milligram in one package. And so, we're going to continue to have glitctheys in tthey market going forward, but it will just be one unit at 10 milligrams as opposed to tthey 10 by 10 that we had out ttheyre. Ttheir has been raised I think by a variety of different entities in Canada, tthey competition bureau and a variety of ottheyr industry entities that ttheir is a real sort of gap for tthey legal regulatory forward license producers versus tthey illicit market wtheyre you see what I would describe as an irresponsible representation of edibles at high potency's, youthful presentations. And so I think over time ttheir is one that's going to resolve itself. But for us, I think ttheir is an example of our ability to pivot. Within six months, we identified that opportunity we're able to launch it and did seven figures in sales in tthey quarter, that's not tthey last innovative item we're going to have. We're launching infused pre rolls, we're launching ottheyr minor cannabinoid gummies which have done really well as well as innovations that we've seen in flower and ottheyr core aspects that have done well. So in ttheir market, you've got to be very agile as Glen mentioned in their comments. We've done that. And I think what we've done really well that I'm really proud of is we take what's ttheyre and we don't chase what I would call unprofitable market share and we're still not in a place in tthey rec business, we're having a 10 plus share is going to guarantee that we're going to have greater profitability. So as I mentioned before, we're about a three share, we're finding tthey spots that we think are sustainable and profitable and we are seeing some positive movements, tthey OCS price wars and ottheyr provinces decisions on flower and so we'll get ttheyre. And as we look forward in tthey future quarters, we'll see things like glitctheys that we're excited about. And I do think as I mentioned before that tthey 10 milligram cap will be addressed at some point. Operator Next question is from tthey line of [Yewon Kang] (ph) with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question. Unidentified Participant Hi. Good morning. Ttheir is Yewon Kang on for Matt Bottomley. Thanks for tthey question. Just wanted to touch on tthey adjusted gross margins for tthey quarter. Under tthey wholesale bulk cannabis business, as well as tthey Bevo Farms business, adjusted gross margins for ttheyse segments ticked up ttheir quarter pretty significantly. So I guess, could you speak to any of tthey drivers that caused tthey sequential growth in ttheyse margins? Thanks. Miguel Martin Of course. Glen, you want to take that one? Glen Ibbott Yes. Absolutely. So in tthey plan propagation business, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's seasonal. And so what's really happening in tthey first half of ttheir fiscal year, but it's all in our reported Q3 ttheir evening and our reported Q1 is that, just a fully utilized stuff to stuff to tthey rafters facility that's really cranking out a ton of plants and ttheyrefore revenue. So you're getting a completely utilized cost structure in that -- in those two quarters. That's why tthey margins are higtheyr. Through tthey remainder of tthey year, we expect ttheym to be a little bit lower, more similar to what we saw in our Q2. I guess, tthey one of tthey beauties I think of what Bevo is doing with tthey Sky facility is tthey orchid business that's being launctheyd at Sky is a little less seasonal to start to smooth some of those comps out in our time propagation margin. Beyond that, tthey bulk sale cannabis, as we just said, have a lot less excess cannabis. And we're finding a spots to sell some of our higtheyr potency volume and [indiscernible] some nice margins on some of tthey core bulk sales. That's not a segment that we're leaning on ttheyre, depending on what we have talked about at [indiscernible]. And that's really just seen as an outlet after we've got four different channels that are all kind of fighting for cannabis right now. If ttheyre's a little bit left at tthey end also through tthey bulk sale process. Thank you. Operator Thank you. At ttheir time, we've reactheyd tthey end of tthey question and answer session. I'll turn tthey call over to Miguel Martin for closing remarks. Miguel Martin Well, listen, we are thrilled with ttheir quarter and more importantly thrilled about wtheyre tthey company is going. We appreciate everybody's interest in us and we look forward to sharing tthey story as we go forward. On behalf of everyone in Aurora, thank you for your interest and take it from ttheyre. All tthey best. Thanks. Operator Ttheir will conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at ttheir time.