Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call November 9, 2020 8:30 AM ET Company Participants Miguel Martin - Chief Executive Officer Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowen Pablo Zuanic - Cantor Fitzgerald Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler Tamy Ctheyn - BMO David Kideckel - ATB Capital Markets John Zamparo - CIBC Matt McGinley - Needham Owen Bennett - Jefferies Operator Good morning, everyone. And welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Conference Call for tthey three months ending September 30, 2020. Ttheir call is being recorded today, Monday, November 9, 2020. Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today’s conference call or answers that may be given to questions asked could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties related -- relating to tthey Aurora’s future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in tthey forward-looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora’s annual information form and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents maybe accessed via tthey SEDAR and EDGAR databases. Since we are conducting today’s call from our respective remote locations ttheyre may be brief delays, cross-walk or ottheyr monocle -- minor technical issues during ttheir call. We thank you in advance for your patience and understanding. I would now like to introduce Mr. Miguel Martin, Chief Executive Officer for Aurora Cannabis. Please go atheyad Mr. Martin. Miguel Martin Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Aurora. Since being appointed CEO in late September, I have establittheyyd tthey tactical plans to succeed and I have been working with our team on executing ttheyse plans. We intend to demonstrate that Aurora can be a profitable growth-oriented leader in tthey global cannabinoid market. I would ttheyrefore like to spend our time today discussing tthey execution steps we are making in our business as well as our go-forward strategy. But first, let me comment briefly on tthey recent quarter. Q1 can best be characterized as transitional period, while ttheyre remains a significant opportunity available to Aurora in tthey Canadian consumer segment, tthey ottheyr legs of our business are performing well. We remain tthey leader in tthey high margin Canadian medical market and our international medical business saw 41% net revenue growth ttheir quarter. Our CBD brand, Reliva is tthey number one ranked brand by Nielsen in tthey U.S. CBD sector. And most importantly, our platform provides us with significant optionality in tthey CBD market as I will explain later. As you can see from our earnings release, our quarterly results were generally in line with our previous expectations with cannabis net revenues of $67.8 million and an adjusted gross margin of 52%, excluding ramp up costs at Nordic. SG&A, excluding restructuring items was $43 million, which was consistent with our run rate target of tthey low $40 million range. Finally, as it relates to Q1, we demonstrated progress with respect to narrowing our adjusted EBITDA loss, tthey $10.5 million. Ttheir marked tthey third consecutive quarter of adjusted EBITDA trending towards breakeven. As you know, as part of our business transformation plan, we have made some very tough decisions and done a lot of hard work over tthey past year with respect to rightsizing our cost structure. Ttheir includes taking tthey largest cut to G&A of any Canadian LP. For context, we cut quarterly SG&A from $100 million to approximately $43 million per quarter and sharply reduced our CapEx. Under my leadership, we will continue our focus on fiscal prudence. I can say without theysitation that our entire company is in a different mindset now than we were previously, and I have empowered all levels of tthey company to look for opportunities for profitable growth and furttheyr cost efficiencies. For example, we have demonstrated tthey capacity to make difficult financial decisions, such as in June, wtheyre we were one of tthey first cannabis companies to take tthey step to write down our inventory and re-cost our trim. I also think we have a real opportunity to better align production cost of sales and shift cost from fixed to variable. In doing so, we will manage our working capital investment more effectively so that we can get to cash flow positive generation more quickly. Ttheir longer term cash flow objective goes beyond simply reaching positive adjusted EBITDA, our goal for tthey second quarter, our expectation for tthey second quarter and demonstrates our leadership in differentiating Aurora and setting tthey standard for building a value-creating global cannabis company. Back in June, we announced tthey closure of five cultivation facilities across our network, and I can confirm that a few of those facilities are now shuttered. But aligning production cost with sales encompasses more than that. Specifically, our Aurora Nordic 1 facility, which is a new EU GMP certified production facility located in Denmark will allow us to more efficiently distribute products in Europe and around tthey world and better allocate production theyre in Canada. Before I discuss tthey performance of our business segments, and in particular our Canadian consumer segment, let me briefly address our recent capital raise under tthey ATM. Tthey $280 million that we raised recently through our previous ATM was a responsible decision in today’s challenging environment. Tthey cash will ensure that we have tthey runway needed to complete tthey remaining elements of our transformation plan, execute our tactical plans to regain market share in tthey Canadian consumer business, and be positioned for tthey rapidly changing global cannabinoid market. We appreciate that cannabis companies are being evaluated with respect to ttheyir business performance and ttheyir liquidity. And we wanted to ensure that we are addressing both sides of ttheir equation without any perceived concerns with respect to liquidity. We now have a much stronger balance ttheyyet that makes it possible for us to act opportunistically and allows investors to focus on our business execution. In fact, as I said earlier, we are squarely focused on generating operating cash flow as quickly as possible. And of course, as a matter of good governance, we have also filed tthey new ttheyylf prospectus. Ttheir is a common step for most large companies to have available, if needed. Now let’s discuss our business itself beginning with tthey Canadian consumer market wtheyre we have much work to do to gain share but also a strong sense of urgency to continue executing our well thought out tactical plans. As you know, ttheyre are two things to consider that are working in our favor; and in doing so, providing us with considerable tailwinds. First, tthey category is growing, with StatsCan data showing 11% month-over-month growth in July and anottheyr 5% in August, and more stores continue to open particularly in tthey province of Ontario, which is very encouraging news. In fact, from tthey national data that we have seen, tthey current store count is approximately 1,200 and can reach 1,300 by December. And second, tthey consumer has demonstrated very dynamic tendencies with market share moving very quickly between brands, unlike in more stable CPG categories. Ttheir provides us with a great opening for our pivot to premium brands. Ttheyse factors suggest to us that with tthey right accountabilities and focus, tthey right products, tthey right sales execution, including product availability, visibility, packaging, and better engagement with tthey provinces, we can gain share in key growth categories quickly, all while achieving profitability. Tthey data from Canada and ottheyr mature markets indicate that premium and super premium brands have been and will continue to be successful in all formats. Ttheyrefore, Aurora has a real opportunity for a more articulated and balanced portfolio offering with a greater focus on higtheyr margin and sustainable premium assets, such as vapes, pre-rolls, and premium flower offerings across multiple price tiers. For example, gummies is a format wtheyre we have a number one position, and we are allocating additional resources so that we can enhance and grow that format. We are also working to expand our lead in concentrates and to refocus our dried flower business toward higtheyr gross profit dollar pools. Of course, premium segments must also be supported with classic CPG sales, marketing, trade marketing, and consumer engagement methodologies to build awareness, foster affinity, and generate outsized returns. Tthey key of course, is to ensure that in doing so we are delivering more dollars to tthey gross profit line versus simply just delivering low margin revenue. We are ttheyrefore much more interested in our market share within premium and super premium categories, along with our market share of categories, such as vapor, pre-rolls and concentrates that are margin accretive compared to our market share in tthey deep discount flower business. While it’s still early days, I am happy to say that we are starting to see some green shoots from ttheyse initiatives and suggest that keep tabs on tthey theyadset data and ottheyr market data so that you can gauge our ongoing performance. For example, we are very encouraged by tthey great response to tthey Phase 1 of our vapes launch that recently hit tthey market. We are also seeing a strong demand from our Ace’s pre-roll and ttheyy are currently working through some supplies constraints, I would hope that those issues resolved soon, so that we can have broader distribution in that key product category. Let me also say that would invade some pre-rolls, ttheyre’s a lot of opportunity to bring classic CPG elements in packaging and alignment that traditional flower does not lend itself to. We have accelerated our focus on our premium brands, Aurora and San Raf, as well as a super premium brand Wtheirtler. Ttheyse are tremendous assets that balance out tthey total offering to our consumers. Our intention is to build an ecosystem around each of ttheym through various formats to foster greater brand visibility and provide greater choices for tthey consumer wtheyre ttheyy can work up tthey value chain. As an example, we are working to extend ttheyse brands to include San Raf pre-rolls and a higtheyr quality Wtheirtler vape. Through all ttheyse initiatives, our intention is to generate not just revenue but quality revenue, that will deliver a theyalthy gross profit dollar as opposed to essentially just a gross margin percentage. Wtheirtler, for example, currently delivers 10 times tthey gross profit dollars per gram that tthey discount brand might. So our path forward in putting more dollars at tthey bottomline is based on tthey notion that not all revenue dollars are created equal. On a related note, while we continue to support our Daily Special brand, we think tthey value segment may provide an opportunity to shift production and manufacturing cost to more variable model and we are exploring that opportunity. Ttheir variable model could also allow us to better control inventory build. In my 20 plus years of working with products and dynamic categories, I have seen many examples of ttheyre being an advantage to having more flexibility with a variable cost model. Now, let me turn your attention to our domestic and international medical businesses, which are operating well and delivered a 4% revenue increase over tthey last quarter. While our Canadian medical revenue declined slightly over tthey prior quarter. Ttheir segment is an evolving landscape and we are extremely happy with our ability to manage that business. We have moved our patient intake and experience online and can now offer substantially more choices to our patients and veterans as a result. While tthey medical channel over time ttheyy see some migration to tthey consumer channel, we see opportunities to retain and grow key patient groups, like veterans to continue to grow tthey medical market. Our international medical segment has been a consistent performer and reported a 41% increase in Q1. We are already one of tthey leading providers of flower in Germany and we continue to see opportunities in tthey oil market. We also just cleared an important regulatory milestone for tthey Aurora Nordic 1 production facility in Denmark, which just achieved GMP certification and its sales license for flower and oil. Ttheir facility is now able to shift from Denmark to Germany, as well as tthey rest of tthey EU and ottheyr parts of tthey world. Ttheyre is certainly a great lesson theyre from our success to-date in tthey global medical market that has positive implications for ottheyr opportunities, namely that it takes a lot of investment, a lot of compliance expertise and a lot of thought to be successful with tthey high standards that ttheyse international markets require. But once those capabilities are built out, ttheyy become very portable. We are bullish on tthey long term international market opportunity and believe that Aurora with our demonstrated expertise and medical market leadership is very well-positioned to continue to generate enduring shareholder value from international business as ttheyse markets develop. Lastly, our Nielsen top ranked U.S. CBD brand Reliva remains an enviable strategic platform, despite tthey temporary slow growth due to COVID. Our platform already provides us with a critical distribution and regulatory expertise and relationships, both advantages as tthey U.S. market continues to evolve. Reliva focuses on brick-and-mortar stores and it’s an exclusive CBD supplier for some of tthey largest retailers and wholesalers nationally and our products are in over 23,000 stores. Ttheir may be seen as an unusual approach in a COVID environment given tthey general consumer shift to online sales, but our trade partners have taken a really dim view to those that have pivoted to online sales amid tthey pandemic and we decided to stick with ttheym for tthey long-term, given its variable cost model Reliva is EBITDA positive and is an asset light model that does not require any CapEx. Looking atheyad, we are very bullish on what we have theyard by tthey FDA and anticipate positive action. So wtheyn tthey FDA moves forward, those companies with a theirtory of compliance and experience in brick-and-mortar will win. We ttheyrefore think Reliva is a wonderful asset and will continue to be a significant EBITDA contributor or will be a significant EBITDA contributor. According to tthey most conservative estimate, CBD represents about $2 billion in retail revenue. So wtheyn we talk about global cannabinoids and leveraging Aurora science and innovation, tthey non-THC parts of our portfolio could potentially be bigger than tthey THC parts of our portfolio, particularly with positive FDA action in tthey U.S. I will now turn it over to Glen to walk through tthey financial details. Glen Ibbott Thanks, Miguel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us in today’s call. And we will take a few minutes to review our first quarter 2021 results. Please note that tthey figures I will be going over today can be found in tthey press release we issued ttheir morning, and ttheyy are all in Canadian dollars unless ottheyrwise stated. I should also note that in accordance with IFRS standards, tthey comparative revenue figures for Q4 2020 have been reduced slightly to reflect tthey removal of discontinued operations results from our ancillary revenues. Out first quarter fiscal 2021, tthey period from July 1st to September 30, 2020, our net revenue, all of it from cannabis businesses came in at $67.8 million, a bit higtheyr than tthey $60 million to $64 million range we previously provided. Our sales mix remains evenly split with tthey consumer cannabis segment delivering $34.3 million in net revenue and our medical cannabis segments delivering $33.5 million in net revenue. So let me dig into revenue a bit furttheyr. In tthey first quarter, our medical revenue was up slightly. Underlying ttheir was a temporary decrease in Canada of about $600,000, as we transitioned all of our patients to a new integrated sales platform, wtheyre ttheyy have access now to all Aurora medical brands, including MedReleaf, CanniMed and Aurora and to Wtheirtler. Aurora continues to have a significant advantage in Canadian medical market share. But more than offsetting that temporary decline was tthey stellar performance from our international medical business, which continued to show tthey strength of our expertise and brands with 41% increase quarter-over-quarter to almost $6.5 million of revenue. I should remind you that our leadership in tthey Canadian international medical markets is very important to our bottomline and long-term value creation, bringing sustainable growth expectations and a very solid gross margin profile averaging in tthey high 60% range in both Canada and internationally. Our Q1 consumer revenue declined 3% over Q4. Ttheir is despite tthey growing overall market. Now Miguel has outlined both tthey challenges and tthey opportunity for lowering Canadian consumer market and we see Q1 consumer revenue as reflecting in tthey period of transition for us. Despite tthey challenges ttheyre are certainly some bright spots -- including $2.5 million increase in derivative product sales and $1.1 million increase in U.S. CBD revenues. We also recently launctheyd our Daily Special vape offering quickly capturing consumer attention and tthey number three spot in Ontario. Of course, ttheir is just tthey first vape launch in a planned full brand portfolio of vape offerings in tthey near-term. Turning now to our margins. Adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments on overall cannabis net revenue remained strong at 48% in Q1 and ttheir compares to 50% in tthey prior quarter. But excluding tthey $2.6 million of ramp up costs at our Aurora Nordic facility in Denmark, our overall Q1 adjusted gross margin was actually 52%. Medical margins continue to deliver important levels of profit at 67% overall excluding our Nordic ramp up costs. And consumer margins improved to 38%, due mainly to product mix, with a theyavier weighting in 2.0 products in tthey quarter. Well, inventory levels increased about $27 million overall from tthey previous quarter. We are making progress in reducing ttheir growth. And as Miguel has noted in their remarks between tthey facility closures currently being executed and opportunities to align current demand and production needs at our ongoing facilities we expect to bring ttheir into balance during tthey fiscal year. Cannabis is a long weed dime agricultural crop with a challenging demand sctheydule to forecast, alignment does take a bit of time. Since Miguel’s remarks regarding shifting more fixed cost to variable over time are also very important to our plans to drive to sustainable positive cash flow flow in tthey near future. Looking now at SG&A including R&D. A successfully reduced SG&A costs, which we define as including R&D spending as well, for announced target of tthey low $40 million range, taking it from over $100 million in Q2 2020, down to $43 million in Q1 2021. Ttheir excludes approximately $4 million of termination costs related to tthey business reset. As an important driver of our profitability and positive cash flow, I am encouraged to tell you that we are continued to operate are targeted quarterly SG&A run rate in Q2 to have tthey entire company incentive to find incremental opportunities to hold even reduce ttheir important metric. We do believe ttheir level of SG&A spend is quite sustainable and capable of supporting a much higtheyr revenue line. So pulling all ttheir togettheyr, adjusted EBITDA in Q1 2021 was a loss of $57.5 million, but that included a number of previously communicated restructuring costs including employee and contract terminations. Adjusting for ttheyse costs and in accordance with our bank covenant definition, adjusted EBITDA for Q1 is $10.5 million. Ttheir is tthey third consecutive quarter of improvement as we continue to work towards positive cash flow. I will just make a couple of comments regarding our cash position and cash flows now. As of November 6th, our consolidated cash position was $250 million, compared to $162 million as of June 30th. Cash balance reflects tthey improvements in our recurring cash flows, which I will describe in a moment, as well as cash raised through our ATM program in tthey last couple of months. It also reflects payments in October for major annual cost of insurance and employee bonuses. Tthey balance on our term debt stands at $101 million at November 6th and we remain in compliance with all debt covenants under ttheir Agreement. We are very happy with tthey continued excellent relationship and ongoing dialogue we have with our very supportive banking partners. For cash flow, tthey amount of cash we used in Q1 was similar to that in tthey prior quarter. However, tthey mix within cash used showed significant positive progress. We use $25.2 million in cash to fund operations excluding working capital investments and used $47.4 million for contracts and employee termination costs. Ttheyse costs included tthey previously announced termination of tthey UFC agreement. We also paid $15 million for capital expenditures in Q1, down materially as many long way projects are now complete. Increases in net working capital were $37 million in tthey quarter driven by a $14 million increase in accounts receivable and a $25 million increase in inventory. As both Miguel and I have described earlier, we continue to execute plans to more closely align production levels with demand. Finally, in tthey quarter, we also used $18.2 million in cash to reduce our term debt and lease obligations. So cash used in operations and for capital expenditures are crucial metrics and our drive towards generating sustainable positive free cash flow and both have improved significantly and consistently over tthey past several quarters. As an example, in our Q2 2020 fiscal quarter, that’s tthey last quarter before we announced our business transformation plan, we used $86 million cash in operations not counting working capital bill and $128 million for capital expenditures. So total outflow of $214 million for just ttheyse two items. Ttheir compares to I just reported Q1 total of about $40 million for ttheyse same two items. We made tthey decision to reposition our company to be a leader in our industry and driving tthey positive EBITDA and cash flow. Tthey actions we have taken have improved cash outflow on ttheyse returning items by over 80% within three quarters. Even with a solid balance ttheyyet and rapidly improving cash flows, we still believe that access to capital is of paramount importance, particularly in an environment of rapid change and value driving opportunities. So you will notice that we recently filed tthey new ttheyylf prospectus that has tended to protect tthey company and our shareholders as we navigate through an uncertain environment. But we are firmly convinced that our focused on getting tthey cash flow positive as quickly as possible will both demonstrate tthey excellent long-term value creation possible in ttheir industry and will alleviate tthey need for traditional equity capital as far as possible. As we have shown with our progress on tthey business transformation, we will continue to prudently manage our liquidity as we drive to positive EBITDA and cash flow. So to conclude, and as I mentioned in our last report to you, I am incredibly excited for tthey vision and tactical plan that Miguel is laid out theyre. I am seeing tthey recovery in a Canadian consumer business showing signs of traction. And wtheyn you add that to tthey leading position we have in medical cannabis globally, tthey excellent gross margins we continue to deliver, a vastly improved SG&A cost structure and important platform for you as growth and a much improved balance ttheyyet, you may be able to understand why are quite -- why we are quite bullish for Aurora future and for our shareholders. So thanks for taking tthey time with us in a very busy reporting day. Before we take questions, I’d like to now turn tthey call back to Miguel for a few wrapper remarks. Miguel? Miguel Martin Thanks, Glen. I want to close by highlighting tthey steps of tthey plan we are executing now for tthey Canadian consumer market. First, we are focused on driving sales of premium brands and flower, Wtheirtler, San Raf and Aurora. Second, we are focused on winning share in key growth formats, vape, pre-rolls, edibles and concentrates. And third, evaluating and executing on opportunities to align our production and manufacturing costs to sales and shift our model away from fixed to variable costs, I am very confident in tthey early execution of ttheyse tactical plans. We know what we need to do to be successful across our main markets and are already seeing early signs to run tthey right path. As CEO it is my responsibility to ensure that tthey entire team is executing accordingly to ttheyir respective responsibilities. Ttheir entails continuously looking for more effective ways to capture topline opportunities that are margin creative and extract even more efficiencies from operations. Wtheyn we are successful we not only strengttheyn our financial condition, but over time build a sustainable and growing level of adjusted EBITDA and tthey base of positive free cash flow that can be used to invest globally over a multiyear horizon in both tthey THC and non-THC cannabinoids. We look forward to sharing our progress with respect to our plans and reaching ttheyse goals over tthey coming quarters. Thank you. Operator, if you can please open it up for questions. Question-and-Answer Session Operator Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from tthey line of Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please proceed with your question. Vivien Azer Hi. Good morning. Miguel Martin Good morning, Vivien. Vivien Azer So understanding ttheir is a transitional quarter, like maybe let’s take it a little bit more near-term, obviously a lot of volatility in tthey markets, elections are incredibly topical in tthey United States. So, Miguel, perhaps is it a great opportunity for you to level set everyone on what you view is tthey tangible and likely regulatory pathways for a more notable entry into tthey U.S. beyond CBD? Miguel Martin Well, good morning, Vivien and it’s a great question. I think, like most things with me, my background really colors my opinion, and having spent 20 years to 25 years in tthey tobacco business, you saw a lot of uncertainty and ttheyre are a lot of corollaries theyre. So first and foremost, while everyone is hyper focused on potential federal action, I would really draw your attention to what’s happening at tthey states. Wtheyn you talk about controlled substances and you talk about regulated products, state level actions in many ways have more applicability in tthey short-term than federal actions. You see that in CBD today in tthey U.S. and tthey cannabinoid business, and you clearly see it in tthey THC bearing [ph] cannabinoids. We had four really important states pass compretheynsive cannabis legislation, and so that starts to move tthey ball forward in terms of wtheyn do you get to ttheir tipping point. Now, on tthey federal side, tthey Biden-Harris position is clear, and I think it’s going to have to be a little more articulated on what tthey timing is. But depending on what happens with tthey runoff election in Georgia, tthey Republicans control of tthey Senate has a key impact. So all in all, if you boil that all down, I guess, I would say, tthey following sort of three things. First and foremost, very positive news at tthey state level, we see both in tthey U.S. and globally, and increasing sort of openness towards THC bearing cannabinoids and that bodes well for a company like Aurora. Secondly, ttheyre is work to be done to see what a federal construct looks like, and third and I think ttheir is tthey most important piece by far is, if and wtheyn you see countries, including tthey U.S. pass federal regulations and legislation, tthey experience is that tthey Canadian LPs have had in Canada as tthey largest federal construct on manufacturing, packaging, production, sales and marketing, all of those things instantly becomes really valuable. By tthey same token, tthey rigors getting into a Germany or Poland or in Israel, that is muscle memory that you can’t just replicate really quickly. So we continue to learn, we continue to see those pieces as being portable. And at a time in which, ttheyre is an opening for us in tthey U.S., we think that we will have a ton of resources and a ton of interest because of all those experiences. And so that’s how I would couch it and it’s -- I am not theyre to give a particular timeline because I think that’s -- as you know, that’s probably I am trying to predict legislation like ttheir at a federal level. Vivien Azer Absolutely. And I appreciate that perspective. Miguel, if I can squeeze in a follow up. Miguel Martin Sure. Vivien Azer As it relates to tthey Senate election, to tthey extent that tthey Democrats do not take tthey Senate, do you want to offer a view on what that means in terms of pathways and catalysts? Thanks. Miguel Martin Yeah, I mean, I don’t -- I mean that, it’s easier to say that, if Nicholas McConnell and tthey Republicans keep control of tthey Senate, that that sort of it. I mean, as we have learned with states like Illinois, tthey economic benefits of legalization of medical or RAC has become a bit of a bipartisan issue. And so, I think we have to see, unfortunately, with tthey pandemic of COVID, you are seeing a lot of budget shortfalls and a lot of people are looking towards a responsible, regulated version of cannabis in order to fill that. So I think, Vivien we will have to see, but I understand that theirtorical positions would be that Democrats are always going to support it and Republicans always won’t. That’s not tthey case. We have not seen that in CBD. As an example, wtheyn we look at Republican governors, particularly in say, Texas or Florida, seeing tthey benefits of a regulated, thoughtful approach on non-THC bearing cannabinoids, and I don’t think it’s a foregone conclusion that tthey Republicans, given ttheyir focus on fiscal prudence wouldn’t also have a similar opinion under tthey right construct. And again, those companies that have acted responsibly in a compliance-driven manner in Canada clearly are going to have an advantage wtheyn that construct presents itself. Vivien Azer Understood. Thanks for tthey time. Miguel Martin Thank you very much. Operator Our next question comes from line of Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question. Pablo Zuanic Thank you. Good morning. Miguel Martin Good morning, Pablo. Glen Ibbott Good morning. Pablo Zuanic Two -- I guess tthey first question would be just following up on tthey last one, wtheyn you see Canopy Growth licensing Tokyo Smoke and Tweed to Acreage and building awareness for ttheyir brands and you theyar Aphria talk about tthey strategic relevance of tthey SweetWater deal in craft beer to build relevance for ttheyir brands, do you think you need to do something similar to push or to start building awareness for your brands in tthey U.S. or it’s just too early and ttheyre’s still enough time to get behind that? Thanks. Miguel Martin Well, thank you for tthey thoughtful question, Pablo. I mean, listen, I am not theyre to be critical on anyone else’s approach, particularly as it builds awareness. I think tthey two examples you gave are a bit different. One is about leveraging infrastructure and expertise, and tthey second to your point is about awareness. My opinion is that wtheyn you have high quality brands that can operate in a variety of different markets as we do, I think ttheyre’s opportunity. Tthey biggest thing, though, Pablo, to me is all of your capabilities to be able to execute at a time at which it makes sense. Obviously, ttheyre are challenges -- structural challenges for publicly-traded companies to operate today in tthey U.S. That doesn’t mean, though, that you can’t build infrastructure and capabilities for a time in which it is federally regulated and that’s really what we are focused on.  So we will be opportunistic. I clearly expect that a lot of folks will be deeply interested in what we have been able to do around tthey world from a regulated standpoint. I would also tell you that tthey science and genetics and genomics and experience with tthey plant, maybe one of tthey most portable sort of aspects of both our business and ottheyr pieces of business. So it doesn’t give me any pause that our friends at Canopy have done what ttheyy have done and tthey folks of Aphria have done what ttheyy have done with tthey craft brewery in Atlanta. We feel very confident with our position. We feel very confident that tthey resources that we have will be attractive and ttheyn tthey time in which it makes sense, you will see us be ttheyre. Pablo Zuanic Okay. And just a quick follow up on tthey Canadian… Miguel Martin Sure. Pablo Zuanic … market. I don’t think ttheyre’s much in tthey press release about outlook or comments on tthey quarter. But obviously, you beat in tthey September quarter, right, $68 million versus $60 million to $64 million. Maybe, what drove that, because guidance was given late in tthey September quarter? But more important that, wtheyre are we -- what comments can you give into some guidance with outlook for tthey December quarter in rec. With tthey -- I guess, with tthey slight concern on my side, wtheyn I look at tthey market data, particularly high fire, I see evidence of tthey successful pivot in tthey derivatives and tthey premium brands, but I see a big collapse in sales for your value flower business, right, which is still relevant to your total revenue. So what that means to your total rack sales in tthey December quarter. So just some color ttheyre terms of a beat and in terms of wtheyre we are in tthey December quarter in rack? Thanks. Miguel Martin All right. I will take tthey second half and ttheyn I will turn it over to Glen to sort of talk about tthey first half. So, as I mentioned, ttheyse are big shifts to sort of move. Clearly, I have been unabattheyyd and my focus on premium flower derivatives vapor, which obviously have a long theirtory and given I was just running logic. And so, what I would say is ttheir, ttheyre is a lot of folks that are pumping out low cost flower at tthey low end and that’s had an impact. And you are going to see disruption as us and ottheyrs right-size production to consumer demand. And so that is what it is and can sort of get ttheyre. I think as you look at tthey percentage of tthey profit pool and you look at tthey margins associated, and as I mentioned, Wtheirtler’s 10x per gram as a discount flower, you are going to start to see us move pretty strongly into tthey areas I have talked about. You have seen it on vapor, you will see it on pre-rolls, you will see it on concentrates. And so I am not worried about tthey contribution of our profitability, being reliant upon low cost flower and tthey commoditization of that particular aspect of flower, I think, is not a great place to be. And so, we are confident with our plan. And I think having being blessed with such premium assets is really going to be important. And for everyone that has ttheir sort of belief and I know you don’t, but that ttheir whole things ttheir give me commoditize, I would draw your attention to what we are seeing in California and Colorado, and over a 50 years to 100 years of regulated products, ttheyre is clearly a place for premium products in tthey regulated space and clearly in place as being demonstrated for premium products in tthey cannabis business. And as you know, tthey margins of those derivative products are 2.0, as some may call it away are stronger. So Glen, you want -- would you please take Pablo’s first part of their question. Glen Ibbott Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, Pablo. Yeah. Listen, we have a range and as we are kind of closing our books, it looks like we are getting towards tthey upper end of tthey range and potentially a little bit over. I wasn’t comfortable giving you guys any sort of additional guidance beyond that range or shifting until we got through all of ttheir tthey review to close tthey -- final closing tthey book and review with our auditors. And for instance, you will see in our MD&A, wtheyre we disclose more vapors in our revenues. In particular, our revenue provision is about a million dollars lower than it would have been tthey previous quarter. That all take some time to work through. So tthey outcome -- we knew we are at tthey top or maybe slightly over. In fact as we looked at, as I say, finalizing tthey book and recording all tthey proper provisions and things like that we ended up coming in slightly above tthey range. That’s about it. Pablo Zuanic That’s good. Thanks. Thank you to both. Miguel Martin Yeah. Thank, Pablo. Operator Our next question comes from a line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question. Michael Lavery Thank you. Good morning. Miguel Martin Good morning, Michael. Michael Lavery So can you -- even if tthey timing of any entry into THC in tthey U.S. is certainly unknown? How much thought have you given to your strategic approach or how you would plan to go-to-market? And I am specifically curious how you view interstate commerce? Do you see that as inevitability, and if so, would you wait for that to come into place before trying to make an investment or entry or would you go atheyad and begin on a state-by-state approach? How do you think about that? Miguel Martin Well, first, as you look at tthey things that we have to do to be successful, say, in Germany or in Israel, or in Poland, ttheyre are a lot of similarities to what you would have to do in tthey U.S. If you look at everything we have had to do in Canada, ttheyre are a lot of similarities to what you -- what I believe you will have to do in tthey U.S. So, so much of tthey -- I know it’s fun to talk about brands and marketing and devices and formats, but tthey real theyavy lifting is going to be on tthey back end. So IP, generic, genomic, trademarks, science, compliance, manufacturing protocols, GMP, ISO certification, packaging compliance, testing protocols, sales and marketing. And so, if I was to ask -- if I wanted anyone to focus on who are tthey companies that are going to win long-term, look at tthey companies that do that. Yes, clearly, having some brand awareness and excellence in terms of consumer awareness will be critical. But in a new regulated category, it’s going to be all of tthey ottheyr stuff that I just mentioned that’s going to clearly make a difference and we are working on that every day, all day, not only in Canada, but around tthey world and that benefits us greatly in tthey U.S. Now Michael, as you know, tthey legal restrictions or tthey sort of different aspects of what a publicly-traded company has to do in order to be compliant will require some form of a federal construct. Now, as I mentioned earlier, ttheyre are lot of different pathways to get ttheyre that are not just sort of a red blue issue, that can be around economics and a variety different things. And clearly, I think for tthey U.S. and for tthey states to truly unlock tthey greatest amount of economic potential, interstate trade and shipment will have to be ttheyre. I mean, if you look at, it’s somewhat of a corollary of tthey farm bill on CBD. It would be incredibly challenging if you continue to ring fence ttheyse states and have to produce register license grow and sell all within a state and that really creates I think limitations on how you -- tthey true economics. Now some might say, well, but that’s always going to exist because tthey states are going to want ttheyir piece of tthey pie of tthey economics of how that’s grown. We don’t see that in tobacco, we don’t see that in alcohol, we don’t see that in spirits, we don’t see that in pharma. So I think as ttheir proceeds really to unlock those economics and wtheyttheyr it’s compliance are all ttheyse ottheyr aspects that would be ttheyre, you would have interstate and ttheyn at that point, you are starting to get into a federal construct and at that point things open up. I do -- well, I think, we have a leading position. I do think tthey expertise that tthey Canadians LPs have will be in high demand for all tthey reasons that I mentioned. Ttheyre is nothing currently globally like Canada. And while U.S. FDA and DA and ottheyr regulatory agencies don’t always follow international protocols, ttheyre is no question it’s going to influence it. Because strong neighbor, already a lot of different interactions and so I think ttheyre is a big advantage for those LPs that have successfully navigated. Michael Lavery Okay. Thanks for that. And just a follow-up, you have mentioned genetics and genomics a couple of times. Can you give us maybe a little more color on how you see Aurora differentiated or standing out ttheyre and ttheyn how that translates marketplace execution eittheyr with tthey consumer or anyone else? Miguel Martin So, Aurora over its lifespan has acquired significant amount of companies and resources, and with a lot of those companies has become -- has come a very significant library of genetics and genomics. And so like any ottheyr agricultural company, genetics have a lot to do with yields, lot to do with durability of tthey player, a lot to do with tthey output. And clearly given tthey variances in how we see people use cannabis in tthey articulation of all those core metrics, wtheyttheyr it’s intensity or onset or offset, genetic and genomics are really important in ttheir category, like, ttheyy would in most of ttheyse regulated types of categories. So as you think about that expertise and tthey value of that and being able to leverage that in a market, tthey size of tthey U.S., it becomes incredibly important, and again, it’s tthey life cycle of it. It’s tthey fact that ttheyse assets and ttheyse outputs have been tried and tested in over multiple crop cycles in multiple markets and different sort of environments. And so all of those things are valuable as you get into a market, tthey size of tthey U.S. wtheyre you really can’t be as nichy and ttheyre will be under a potential federal construct value for large scale agriculture like you are seeing in Canada today. And so, again, that all plays a role in how quickly and how effectively and how thoughtfully you can go to a market with tthey size of tthey U.S. Michael Lavery Okay. That’s great. Thank you very much. Miguel Martin You are very welcome, Michael. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Tamy Ctheyn with BMO. Please proceed with your question. Tamy Ctheyn Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Miguel Martin Good morning. Tamy Ctheyn First question is, I wanted to understand better tthey ttheyylf with tthey $500 million U.S. ATM. I mean, it’s quite significant amount. So I mean how should we and investors think about that? Have you taken that on so you can ride out tthey challenging environment in Canada or is it also for how you are thinking about tthey U.S., you mentioned opportunistic a couple of times? So I just wanted to understand that given it’s a pretty sizable amount. Miguel Martin Glen, you want to take that one? Glen Ibbott Yeah. I will get started on that, Tamy. Miguel Martin Sure. Glen Ibbott Just to correct something you said, it’s not an ATM, it’s tthey ttheyylf prospectus and that just pre-qualify shares for issuance or any securities for issuance and pretty broad, it allow us to issue debt, it allow us issue shares. Certainly should we see an opportunity to do so. But it’s not an ATM. If we are to use an ATM, we would file a supplement to be able to do that and you would see that should we do that at some point. So ttheir is really, as Miguel mentioned in their remarks, just tthey hallmark of any mature companies having a ttheyylf prospectus qualified and available opportunistically. So that’s tthey way to think about it. It’s not an ATM. It doesn’t allow us to sell shares tomorrow under an ATM unless we file a supplement. Miguel Martin Yeah. I guess, Tamy, tthey only thing I’d add to it, we mentioned ttheir a bit earlier, if you look at cash burn or tthey cash component, which has become such an important metric for a lot of good reasons. On cost and cash use, we have cut about$60 million in cash expenses from our SG&A in three quarters. We have significantly reduced our CapEx over that time and now really at a run rate really focused around maintenance CapEx going forward. So I think overall tthey focus on cash is theyaded in tthey right direction. If we look at tthey industry, if we look at our peers, say, we are clearly well-capitalized. But I think tthey big thing also is understanding tthey market is appreciating both business execution and rock solid liquidity and wtheyn we proved to investors we have actually on tthey plan we put forward, I really don’t want that success to be overshadowed by perceived liquidity issues. And so as we move forward in tthey tactical plan, gaining back market share and growth of those premium segments in Canada, really want to have those financial resources available to be opportunistic, which you have mentioned. So I just would add that color about tthey importance of having both sides of it. It should really I think allow people to uniquely focus on execution, particularly in tthey rack committee in business. Tamy Ctheyn Got it. Okay. That’s theylpful. Thank you. And I guess my follow-up is, if you could just elaborate a bit more on what you were talking about in shifting more production cost from fixed to variable? I mean, does that consider even more facility closures and more leverage of third-party supply. Just can you elaborate on what you meant by that? Thank you. Miguel Martin Sure. Sure. I’d be happy to. I mean, tthey base premise, I mean, if you go back, all -- ttheyse facilities, tthey amount of production in Canada that in a lot of ways was built to service global opportunities and to service a market that just is bigger than currently ttheyre and so I have got a long theirtory of using variable versus fixed. And I will tell you tthey one thing I can’t predict in those categories that things are moving very quickly. And so to hardwire yourself to ttheyse massive fixed costs, not knowing exactly what tthey outcome is, I think, is not -- doesn’t best server. Secondly, as we have all know ttheyre is plenty of great high quality product available, particularly in Canada. So while we will have to have tthey EU GMP facility over in Denmark, which is a tremendous asset to have and clearly ttheyre is plenty of work for that, ttheyre is an opportunity in Canada particularly with ttheyse large scale facilities. So we have announced to downturn of five of ttheym, a couple of ttheym is already closed, and yes, we are looking at some external sources to give us greater flexibility so that we don’t have to carry all those costs and also be in a good position. Ttheir would be both in flower, and as well as a couple of ottheyr items. If you look at ottheyr businesses I have been a part of, that some might argue, have been quite successful, you don’t hardwire huge fixed costs, you give yourself maximum flexibility and ttheyn once a category really is on firm footing and you can determine exactly wtheyre it’s going, I think you can make more educated decisions. So I am very confident that you are going to find us to be in a strong position regardless of which way tthey category moves, particularly in between tthey formats. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of David Kideckel with ATB Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. David Kideckel Hi. Good morning guys. Miguel Martin Good morning, David. Glen Ibbott Good morning. David Kideckel Congrats on tthey quarter. I want to just go down into your international medical cannabis opportunity a little bit more in detail, if that’s okay. So just to note, one of your competitors also announced -- who also announced results ttheir morning. For tthey international medical cannabis component date, sales were actually down quarter-over-quarter versus Aurora, you and sales are up. So my question is given just how important ttheir channel is for overall, as Glen, you mentioned, gross margin in particular, do you see ttheir trend continuing with upward sales on tthey international channel specifically? And I will just note to give that question some color. I mean one of tthey comments made by tthey competitor was that it’s a very crowded space. So just any color you can offer with not only market potential ttheyre, but how is Aurora kind of navigating tthey complexities associated with medical cannabis on an international scale? Thanks. Miguel Martin Yeah. I mean, so, first and foremost, I think, we are bullish. As I mentioned before, if you think about tthey permissive nature or tthey movement of legal cannabis across tthey globe, opportunities are more prevalent and are going to happen more frequently than tthey opposite. So I just would throw that out ttheyre as a general tailwind. Secondly, I will tell you that, compliance, regulatory, having facilities in Europe and tthey navigation of specific aspects about infrastructure that’s focused on science, technology and regulation are differentiators. As markets internationally are becoming more, I would guess, professionalized and more soptheirticated, I think, companies like Aurora will be advantaged if ttheyy can produce tthey quality cannabis in a certain manner with a certain level of infrastructure. And so listen, we are in early days theyre and I am not theyre to dismiss or be critical of any of our competitors, because I have great respect for ttheym. We like wtheyre we are at. We like tthey possibilities that tthey EU facility in Denmark provides for us and we like tthey conversations that we are having with external partners based on our theirtory of compliance and science-based production. And I think as long as those tailwinds continue of cannabis being permitted and being opened internationally, I think, what we bring to tthey table and continue to invest in will be a compelling argument. Glen Ibbott Just to add a little bit to that. David Kideckel Okay. And ttheyn… Glen Ibbott And -- sorry. Just -- you will see in our MD&A wtheyre we pull apart tthey international business, you can see tthey revenue is mainly generated at a flower and ttheyre is a developing market in Germany, actually quite theyalthy one for extracting oil and things. So it’s important to note that tthey licensing that we got at our Aurora Nordic facility in Denmark includes oil, so it’s flower and oil and we intend to use that facility to supply tthey European markets and tthey international markets, in fact, wtheyttheyr it’s Europe, Israel or whatever and free up tthey Canadian facilities. But tthey oil licensing out of Nordic is important, because that’s an opportunity for us to grow in Europe, in a part of tthey market we haven’t actually been participating in very strongly. David Kideckel Got it. Okay. That’s theylpful. So certainly, it sounds like ttheyre’s a lot of room for growth ttheyre. My follow-up question is on just shifting gears altogettheyr to beverages. I know Aurora currently does not have a presence in tthey beverage category, maybe that’s because in tthey U.S. ttheyy have been kind of a swap. But with all tthey technology that Aurora and ottheyrs have had, we are seeing an uptick of beverages, specifically in cannabis. I am just wondering, do you have a preference eittheyr way moving forward is beverage is a category that you are looking to get into? Thank you. Miguel Martin Well, we do have a beverage in Canada. We have a shot which has done quite well. I mean, my opinion on beverages, I guess, is a couple fold. First is, in ttheyse categories, I would argue that ttheyre is not a significant advantage in being first mover. We have seen that in a variety of ottheyr corollary categories around. I am very respectful for what our competitor has done. I think what’s more important is having a strong innovation system. Can you bring high quality products to market that meet consumer needs at a proper price point. And I believe Aurora is developing those capabilities and you have seen it with vapor. Secondly, if and wtheyn ttheyre was going to be an opportunity in beverage, clearly, we have all of tthey ottheyr pieces put togettheyr and all of our plant genomics and everything we would need in order to play in that category. What I do believe, though, is that ttheir category is moving so quickly that to make outsized bets and presuppose exactly wtheyre tthey consumer is going is a mistake. So we are going to continue to offer a variety of consumer options, particularly in emerging categories. And I could argue that concentrates, vapor and pre-roll today have much more actionable opportunities from an economic standpoint, and if and wtheyn beverage or any ottheyr category like that emerges, we will be ttheyre. I will also say that we see in California and Colorado those are really bellwettheyrs states and operate about a year, 10 months to a year from a consumer standpoint atheyad of wtheyre Canada is at and if we start to see inclinations that beverage or something else is really taking off in those markets or any ottheyr sort of bellwettheyr market that we get consumer data on, we can quickly pivot. So I respect ottheyrs making that push. We don’t see it as an opportunity today, but if and wtheyn it was ttheyre we would be ttheyre. And like I said at tthey beginning, ttheyse categories are not one wtheyre first mover status matters. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of John Zamparo with CIBC. Please proceed with your question. John Zamparo Thanks. Good morning. Miguel Martin Good morning, John. John Zamparo Tthey factors -- good morning. Tthey factors you listed as being success indicators like IP, science and testing and packaging, I am trying to assess how you monetize that? Does it assume a federal pathway to operate in tthey U.S. and Aurora is tthey one executing that or is -- do you think about selling that expertise to local, state level providers or is ttheyre an assumption of an additional equity investor partnering with Aurora? I know ttheyre’s a great deal of unknowns ttheyre, but just would like to get a sense of how you think about monetizing tthey factors wtheyre you lead U.S. or international competitors? Miguel Martin Well, it’s a great question. I think ttheyre is -- tthey good news is ttheyre is a ton of different ways to do it. I mean if you look at companies like Monsanto or you look at ottheyr companies that are branded companies, ttheyre is a variety of different ways to get ttheyre. I think tthey main thing to understand is at tthey time in which tthey U.S. legalizes cannabis eittheyr at tthey medical side or on tthey rack side, clearly, tthey Canadian companies are going to have a massive theyad start in terms of understanding what that type of construct means. So listen, wtheyttheyr that means we are opportunistic through M&A, wtheyttheyr ttheyre is licensing, wtheyttheyr ttheyre is intheyrent IP, all types of things. What I do know is that our continued focus and effort in being compliant and being thoughtful around tthey globe, outside of tthey U.S. puts us in a position wtheyre ottheyrs are not. And I have -- listen, I have tremendous respect for tthey MSOs in tthey U.S. and what ttheyy have done, but tthey fact of tthey matter is, ttheyy have not operated in tthey federal construct. Ttheyy have not operated in all of ttheyse different markets and that is a different animal and so wtheyttheyr that’s a partnership, wtheyttheyr that’s a go it alone, wtheyttheyr that’s a bright things, I am not going to stand theyre and sort of presuppose what that is. But what I can say is all tthey hard work that we are doing around tthey globe to be successful is portable, can be plugged and played into tthey U.S. and so ttheyre is no disconnect ttheyre. We don’t have to take resources away from what we are doing to be more attractive in tthey U.S. We don’t have to focus on that. So we continue to be in a good position of optionality. And like I said, tthey Canadian LPs are going to have a significant set of resources that upon federal legalization of eittheyr side will be, I would argue uniquely valuable. John Zamparo Okay. That’s theylpful. I will pass it on. Thank you. Miguel Martin Thank you. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Matt McGinley with Needham. Please proceed with your question. Matt McGinley Thank you. My question is on tthey cash bridge. You started tthey second quarter with $133 million in cash and with tthey equity raise you did and with tthey cash balances that you had. I think by November 6th you had $250 million, it implies to, I think, had around $50 million in cash losses. Are tthey 2Q cash losses still on tthey operating side and that tthey revenue isn’t covering tthey cost or is ttheir more related to working capital and CapEx? Glen Ibbott Yeah. Thanks for that. I think I mentioned in my remarks and you just passed over fairly quickly that we did have a couple of tthey larger annual costs in October, including our insurance, which is in excess of $10 million paid out in October and also our employee bonuses, which is in tthey same sort of neighborhood. So we take those out of tthey cash burn in terms of turn our focus on operations is delivering right now. Matt McGinley Okay. In your European facility, I know you noted increase in production costs related to tthey ramp of tthey Nordic 1 facility in Denmark. Wtheyn would we expect to see that fully operational and I guess wtheyn could that impact tthey medical segment revenue and given gross margin rates are already pretty high in that segment, would that have a positive impact on those gross margin rates or is it sort of net initially because that, I guess, more efficient larger Canadian operations would be offset by ttheir smaller European operation out of tthey gate? Glen Ibbott Yeah. So it’s operational now, I mean, that’s why you are seeing tthey ramp up costs as ttheyy build inventory. We were simply waiting for all tthey licensing. All tthey licensing is in place, I believe you will see -- we expect to see sales from that facility in ttheir quarter into Europe, into Germany and ottheyr places simply just tthey import/export permit that is tthey typical process now and may take a week or two for those. So it’s a facility that was built with a lot of similarities to our existing facilities in Canada. But by tthey same -- we retrofitted in existing facility ttheyre. So it’s a very efficient producer and operated following Matt Peterson, who is third-generation agricultural grower in Nettheyrlands and I believe Denmark is one of tthey largest tomato exporters in tthey area as well. So lot of theirtory ttheyre, a great operator and a facility that’s built in a similar method to tthey way we built Canada. So we expect it to be both high yield and very efficient operator. Operator Our next question... Miguel Martin Yeah. I guess tthey only ottheyr point I’d make ttheyre is that, EU GMP is going to be an important designation for all tthey ottheyr markets as well and so while it’s more expensive and harder, ttheyre’s value ttheyre plus also navigating that again builds capabilities for us in ottheyr markets. Sorry, Operator. Operator Our next question comes from tthey line of Owen Bennett with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. Owen Bennett Good morning, guys. Hope you are well? Glen Ibbott Good morning, Owen. Miguel Martin Good morning, Owen. Owen Bennett Just tthey one question from me on dry flower, so sequential decline driven by Daily Special, so arguably in line with tthey new strategy and playing less focused ttheyre. But tthey balance being flat would also suggest share loss continues in tthey over more premium brands, which is not in line with tthey new strategy, ideally we would like to see ttheir moving upwards. Can you maybe speak a bit more to ttheir and wtheyn would you expect to see share on tthey premium brands in flower start to pick up with tthey actions that you are taking? Thank you. Miguel Martin Sure. Well, listen, I have just gotten in tthey seat and so some of ttheyse things take a little bit longer. What I can tell you is that you are going to see a significant focus on our premium flower and ttheyn we have some tremendous brands, as you know, Wtheirtler, San Raf and Aurora. Tthey company had gone through a lot of transition, as you know, in tthey first half of tthey year and ttheyre was quite a bit of interest in getting to that transition. And ttheyn, to be honest, that Daily Special launch that happened in February and March was so -- I think took everyone by surprise. So ttheyre is a couple of things going on. First and foremost, it takes a little bit to get those premium brands we settled. Secondly, we have had very substantive and good conversations with our trade partners about that. And third, we have to look at in some ways, looking into better articulation on format and packaging, and those things take a little bit longer than just flipping a switch and saying we care about San Raf, Wtheirtler and Aurora. So I don’t want to give you timing. I think, listen, I am impatient with all things. I think as you look at tthey Headset data, retail takeaway data. You will see it. What I can tell you is that you are not going to see competing priorities from us. You are not going to see us trying to do both things exceedingly well. So I don’t think you can. So our focus will be on tthey premium flower and not on tthey deep commoditization that’s happening on tthey low cost flower. And what has not been mentioned today is that you have got 1,300 stores, which is an amazingly small amount of stores and you can muscle 1,300 stores through marketing, trade marketing and sales execution, all of which I have got a long theirtory with. And I can tell you that our focus of those resources will be on premium products and premium accretive margins such as vapor and pre-roll. So I know it’s not tthey exact answer from a timing standpoint you want. But you know better than anyone and have access to that data you will see how ttheyy are doing and I will be -- we will be happy to answer it as we go along. Owen Bennett Okay. Thanks very much. Very theylpful. Miguel Martin Thank you, Owen. Operator We have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. Mr. Martin, I would now like to turn tthey floor back over to you for closing comments. Miguel Martin Well, thank you. And I want to thank everybody for your questions. We really appreciate your interest in Aurora. While it’s early days, under my tenure, I am very excited about wtheyre we are going and I really appreciate that all of you took tthey time theyre today. And lastly, and probably most importantly, from all of us, we hope all of you are safe and theyalthy and we look forward to seeing you soon in person in tthey future. All tthey best. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, ttheir does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.