Aurora Cannabis Inc. (NASDAQ:ACB) Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call February 11, 2021 5:00 PM ET Company Participants Ananth Krishnan - Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations Miguel Martin - Chief Executive Officer Glen Ibbott - Chief Financial Officer Conference Call Participants Vivien Azer - Cowen Michael Lavery - Piper Sandler Pablo Zuanic - Cantor Fitzgerald David Kideckel - ATB Capital Markets Andrew Carter - Stifel John Zamparo - CIBC Tamy Ctheyn - BMO Capital Markets Matt Bottomley - Canaccord Genuity Matt McGinley - Needham Adam Buckman - Scotiabank John Chu - Desjardins Capital Market Operator Greetings and welcome to tthey Aurora Cannabis Second Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. At ttheir time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow tthey formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a remainder ttheir conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn tthey conference over to your host Ananth Krishnan, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Ananth Krishnan Thanks Elijah and good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us for tthey Aurora Cannabis second quarter fiscal 2021 conference call for tthey three months ended December 31, 2020. Ttheir call is being recorded today, Thursday, February 11, 2021. With me are Aurora's CEO, Miguel Martin and CFO, Glen Ibbott.  After tthey close of markets today, Aurora issued a news release announcing our financial results for tthey fiscal second quarter. Ttheir news release and tthey accompanying financial statements and management discussion and analysis are available on our website or on our SEDAR and EDGAR profiles.  Listeners are reminded that certain matters discussed in today's conference call or answers that may be given to questions asked could constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to tthey risks and uncertainties relating to Aurora's future financial or business performance. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in ttheyse forward looking statements. Tthey risk factors that may affect results are detailed in Aurora's, annual information form, and ottheyr periodic filings and registration statements. Ttheyse documents may be accessed via tthey SEDAR and EDGAR databases.  Since we are conducting today's calls from our respective remote locations, ttheyre may be brief delays, crosstalk or ottheyr minor technical issues during tthey call. We thank you in advance for your patience and understanding. Following tthey prepared remarks by Miguel and Glen, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. To ensure we get as many questions as possible, we ask tthey analysts to limit ttheymselves to one question.  With that, I'd like to turn tthey call over to Miguel. Please go atheyad, Miguel. Miguel Martin  Thank you, Ananth and good afternoon. Let me begin with some high level comments about tthey quarter. I will ttheyn turn tthey call over to Glen for their financial review. After which I'll come back to discuss our progress to date and why we believe we're very well positioned to take advantage of tthey massive global cannabis opportunity atheyad of us. In short, we'd an excellent second quarter. And we're pleased to be tracking to tthey strategic plan laid out in September wtheyn I became CEO. We are now executing a proven regulated CPG strategy that I know very well. One that we are confident will give us maximum flexibility to drive growth, cash flow and shareholder value in tthey coming quarters.  Our fiscal second quarter represents a pivot for Aurora from a full year of tough, but shareholder friendly decisions that will ultimately lay tthey foundation for tthey future. We essentially reorganize tthey business, reset strategy and mobilize our entire team, wtheyre ttheyy are now organized behind our strategic plan. We're squarely on offence. Early progress is already reflected in our financial statements and market share data. But beyond our financial statements, we've made significant strides pursuing margin accretive initiatives. Rest assured that in tthey coming quarters, Aurora's intent on continuing ttheir trend.  As you know, our core business has four parts. First, high margin Canadian medical wtheyre we are number one by revenue; second, International Medical wtheyre we continue to see strong growth. In fact, we just recently announced a strategic relationship that should accelerate tthey business. Three our US CBD business Reliva, which is tthey number one Neilson ranked CBD brand and continues to be a platform provides us with significant optionality in tthey US. And four, our Canadian rack business wtheyre we've seen tthey market react positively to both our Generation 1 and Gen 2 products and our ability to enhance quality across both efforts.  We're pleased that for tthey second quarter, our total cannabis net revenue excluding provisions was 70.3 million, an increase of 11% versus tthey year ago period. Adjusted gross margin was impacted slightly, but relatively steady in tthey low 40s. It's important to note that margins would have been 52% had we not applied tthey full fixed costs of tthey Aurora Sky facility during a time wtheyn we significantly reduced production and initiated targeted product returns in order to open tthey channel to higtheyr velocity products. Fortunately, ttheir was mostly offset by steady margins in our medical markets in Canada, Europe and US CBD. Combining tthey margin in ttheyse businesses are generally 60% or higtheyr on a run rate basis.  SG&A was 42.3 million excluding a onetime charge associated with our strategic plan. Ttheir represents a dramatic decrease of 55% from last year's second quarter. Finally, as it relates to Q2, we materially improved our year-over-year adjusted EBITDA loss with a $58 million swing to 12.1 million excluding restructuring and revenue provisions.  Anottheyr big positive for tthey quarter was tthey improvement in our cash use by more than 74% versus Q2 2020. And our cash on hand as of yesterday was 565 million. Tthey reduced cash burn plus our newfound balance ttheyyet strength and flexibility allows us to act quickly to an opportunity to grow and take market share rises.  So tthey bottom line is we feel great about tthey quarter and our strategic progress. We're building momentum as we execute our plan. And we firmly believe we have tthey team, tthey tools and tthey strategy in place to take advantage of a dynamic and exciting market.  I'll now turn it over to Glen to walk through tthey financial details.  Glen Ibbott Thanks, Miguel. Good afternoon, everyone. Please note that tthey figures I'll be going over today are all in Canadian dollars and can be found in tthey press release we issued ttheir afternoon. I would also note that tthey comparative period for our analysis today is Q2 2020. We believe ttheir best represents tthey measure of tthey company's transformation and improved performance. For appropriate, I will also note tthey sequential period comparisons.  For second quarter fiscal 2021, tthey three month period ended December 31, 2020, we saw a strong performance in our medical business, especially international sales. And we continue to transform our consumer business with tthey shift to higtheyr quality higtheyr margin products. We also made tthey decision to significantly reduce production volumes to align with demand. We expect our sales to production ratio in Q3 to be in tthey 90% range. And we initiated targeted product returns in order to open provincial sales channels to premium product.  Yeah, ttheyse actions impacted recorded revenues and gross margins for Q2, but ttheyy provide a sturdy foundation to support higtheyr margins and accelerating cash flow in tthey coming quarters. In Q2, 2021, our net revenue all of it from cannabis businesses was $70.3 million, excluding product return provisions of $2.7 million. Our consumer cannabis business delivered $31.1 million in net revenue prior to ttheyse return provisions, and our medical cannabis segment continued to accelerate, generating $39 million in sales.  Adjusted gross margin before fair value adjustments on cannabis net revenue remained strong at 42% compared to 48% in tthey comparative quarter. Excluding tthey $2.7 million of product returned provisions, our overall Q2 adjusted gross margin is just 300 basis points lower than tthey prior period. Importantly, I should point out that our decision to reduce production at Sky to align it with demand and to reposition it to produce our premium flower brands did impact gross margins in Q2. So under utilization of capacity resulted in close to an 8% reduction in overall gross margins. Some of ttheir is expected to reverse in tthey future, as we have a full quarter of reduced cost at Sky.  Now I'll provide some additional insights into recorded revenue and margins. Firstly, let's not lose sight of tthey importance of our medical business theyre in Canada and internationally. Our medical revenue was up 42.3% year-over-year, and 16.4% sequentially. Ttheir was primarily due to strong performance in tthey International Medical business, which was up 562% year-over-year, and 84% sequentially. Not only was revenue growth significant, but ttheir segment also carries our higtheyst margins.  So growth is driven in part by continued progress in Europe, which is now five times tthey size that it was a year ago and up 36% sequentially. But ttheir quarter also saw our first shipment of medical cannabis to Cantek Holdings in Israel. It's also important to note that we continue to have an ongoing advantage in tthey Canadian medical market share. And ttheir is underscored by 5.5% increase in revenue year-over-year.  In our medical segment, adjusted gross margins were 56% relatively consistent with comparative quarters and our Q2 margins were impacted by tthey capacity under utilization at Sky as production was smartly scaled back and our overall medical gross margins would have been 66% at full capacity. I'd like to draw your attention to tthey fact that we've been selling in Canadian and European medical markets for over four years and have seen a little to no price compression. With revenues currently at $39 million dollars and growing and tthey 60% plus gross margins, it's clear that tthey medical business is a key differentiator for Aurora and should be an important driver of future cash flow.  Looking now at our consumer business, Aurora's Q2 revenue was $31.1 million down 7% from Q2 2020 not including return provisions. However, with provisions included, our reported revenue was up 24.7% over tthey comparative period. We're very pleased that our consumer derivatives net revenue was $11.5 million, an increase of 18.4% sequentially. Ttheir was driven by our focus on higtheyr margin products such as vapes, edibles and concentrates. Our consumer average selling price rose 6% in tthey quarter due to increase in derivative sales and a continuing shift in flower mix towards our premium brands.  Consumer margins were 27% compared to 38% in tthey prior quarter, and ttheir is because of tthey underutilized overtheyad costs at Sky and an increase in product return provisions. Adjusting for just tthey return provisions, consumer gross margin would have been 34.2%. Also related to our production and demand alignment, we halted construction at our Sun facility in Alberta. As tthey route forward for ttheir facility is not yet clear, during tthey quarter we recorded a non-cash impairment of approximately $228 million for tthey shutdown. Looking now to SG&A which includes R&D, we are pleased with our $42 million run rate in Q2. Ttheir excludes approximately $2 million of termination costs related to our business transformation. So stepping back a bit, we've engineered significant change year-over-year and that's highlighted by ttheir past quarter's SG&A coming in at 63% of sales versus 143% of sales in tthey prior year comparative. We continue to believe ttheir level of SG&A spend is quite sustainable and capable of supporting a much higtheyr revenue on.  So pulling all of ttheir togettheyr, we regenerated an adjusted EBITDA loss in Q2 2021 of $12.1 million and that's excluding revenue provisions and restructuring costs. That's a dramatic improvement from $69.9 million dollars adjusted EBITDA loss in prior year comparative. Ttheyre was a furttheyr $7 million in our Q2 cost of sales that was related to facility and production rationalization. I'm pleased to see that our run rate EBITDA continues to improve.  Now a few important points regarding our balance ttheyyet, cash flows and cash position. Inventory in biological assets increased $16 million from tthey previous quarter. And that's a significant improvement as we made progress, rationalizing production levels to current demand. As you know, with an agricultural product alignment does take time. But our December decision to adjust our production was an incredibly important step towards our goal of shifting to a more variable and agile model.  Anottheyr area of dramatic improvement ttheir past quarter is cash and our use of cash. We used $20.6 million of cash to fund operations excluding working capital investments is tthey furttheyr $2.1 million in contract and employee termination costs. Both are down materially from tthey prior quarter and cash used in operations is down over 75% from tthey prior year. We also paid a net $8.8 million for capital expenditures in Q2, down from 15 million in tthey prior quarter and down from $128 million in tthey prior year comparative.  We continue to expect cash used for CapEx to be below $40 million for ttheir fiscal year. Increased net working capital used $30.4 million in tthey quarter. However, ttheir was mainly due to shifts in tthey levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable which we expect to settle out over time. Critically, tthey net change in inventory and biological assets used $10 million in cash during tthey quarter, a marked improvement from $25.1 million in Q1, demonstrating our progress to more closely align production levels with demand.  Finally, as of today, we have a very strong cash position with $565 million in tthey bank, and about $97 million of outstanding term debt that is not due until tthey end of calendar 2022. We also expect to receive some additional non-diluted cash inflows from previously announced facility sales and COVID related government grants over tthey next several months. So what I think people really need to take away from our Q3 results are tthey following.  We continue to deliver excellent results in our high margin medical business both in Canada and internationally. We're seeing a positively changing product mix in our consumer business and have taken important steps in rationalizing and repositioning production. SG&A is well controlled and cash flow items continue to improve, supported by a strong balance ttheyyet. I'm very pleased with our recent performance and I'm quite satisfied that we have tthey company well positioned today and on a firm financial trajectory.  Now I like to turn tthey call back over to Miguel. Miguel Martin  Thank you, Glen. As you know, calendar 2020 was a difficult year. We made some tough decisions and faced several challenges, tthey least of which was right sizing our cost structure, strengttheyning our balance ttheyyet and dealing with tthey pandemic. Yet by tthey fall we formulated and introduced a new strategy. And I know I speak for our entire team. Wtheyn I say we're thrilled to be back on offence, pursuing profitable growth opportunities and creating an economic model that strikes tthey balance between wtheyre tthey industry is today and wtheyre it's going. Tthey goal of tthey plan is simple, drive revenue from mostly premium products over more variable production costs and significantly lower fixed costs. Tthey upshot will be higtheyr margins, stronger cash flow, long-term shareholder returns and having our financial house in order in my opinion will attract new business and lead to untold opportunity.  Before we go to questions, let me take a deeper dive into our businesses and subsequent strategies starting with medical. Our domestic and international medical businesses delivered a 42% revenue increase over last year's second quarter and generated consistently high margins in tthey 60% range. As I've mentioned, we are tthey number one medical cannabis company in Canada by revenue today, yet we still have lots of opportunity to grow in tthey years to come. Just one of tthey many initiatives we have is moving our patient intake and experience online wtheyre we can now offer substantially more choices to our patients and veterans. Over time tthey medical channel may see some migrate to tthey consumer channel, but we see pockets of demand in tthey Canadian medical landscape that represent meaningful growth opportunities for Aurora.  Aurora is uniquely positioned with tthey infrastructure, regulatory experience and compliance systems in place to continue to lead and take share in tthey medical market. Ttheyse investments represent a significant barrier to entry and key patient groups represent a very sticky patient group for our products. Ttheyse attributes of our medical business support our expectation that tthey Canadian medical channel can continue to generate 60% gross margins for tthey foreseeable future.  Our international medical segment has been a consistent performer, and reported 84% revenue increase quarter-over-quarter. We are already one of tthey leading providers of flower in Germany, and we continue to see opportunities in tthey oil market. In November we entered into a strategic supplier agreement with Cantek n Israel, providing us with a great opportunity to expand our medical cannabis brand and industry leading science.  In early January, Aurora and our partner Ethypharm were successfully awarded three of nine lots, which included all available flower lives to tthey French Medical Cannabis tender program. Aurora has one of tthey largest global footprints generating revenue in 13 countries today. We're excited about ttheyse opportunities and tthey global momentum ttheyy represent for medical cannabis regimes. Additionally, in January, we announced a long-term strategic agreement with MedReleaf, Australia to exclusively distribute tthey Aurora, CanniMed and MedReleaf brands in that country. MedReleaf has an asset light, sustainable growth platform in Australia and theylp physicians, pharmacists and patients access to high quality range of Aurora cannabis medicines.  We're also seeing ottheyr countries began to approach medical cannabis more favorably and compassionately and we expect our experience in Germany, Israel and Australia to position us to be a front runner in new markets. That won't be by accident however, it will result in Aurora's commitment to science, compliance, testing, EU GMP compliant cultivation and our ability to operate in a highly regulated framework. Ttheir is unique to Aurora and provides us with transferable knowledge as we enter new medical markets globally.  Now, let's turn to our US CBD segment, which has been receiving a lot of attention due to tthey democratic control of tthey Presidency in tthey US, as well as both houses of Congress. Our Nielsen's top ranked US CBD brand Reliva remains an enviable strategic platform, and we're excited to be announcing a new brand extension called KG-7 [ph] an athletic focused CBD brand in tthey coming weeks. Reliva provides us with critical distribution, regulatory experience and relationships in tthey key high growth US market.  Reliva focuses on brick and mortar stores and is tthey primary CBD supplier for some of tthey largest retailers and wholesalers nationally, and our products are in over 23,000 stores. Given its variable cost model Reliva doesn't require any CapEx, but as ttheyy said it's a foothold in tthey largest cannabinoid market in tthey world, which bodes well for Aurora's global positioning. We'll continue to leverage our science and innovation and it wouldn't surprise me if tthey non-THC parts of our portfolio are as big as tthey THC parts of our portfolio, particularly with positive FDA action in tthey US.  Stepping back and specifically on tthey US THC market, I would say tthey following. Tthey US is clearly one of tthey largest markets today. With legislative reform that would allow companies like Aurora to operate THC businesses in tthey US. I would expect it could be much bigger. We firmly believe that as a company with deep roots in science and experience and operating under federally legal frameworks, Aurora will have an opportunity to participate in that market in a meaningful way.  I will not commit to how we we'll gain exposure to tthey current US THC market, but I can say we won't simply wait for compretheynsive legislation. Although, we are assessing ways to legally address our shareholders today in addition to wtheyn compretheynsive legislation is in place. One thing I am confident in is that tthey competitive landscape in tthey US will look very different if THC is de-sctheyduled. And we believe social justice and economic reforms will ultimately drive it. For clarity whatever we do in tthey US, wtheyttheyr that be in THC or non-THC businesses, it will be carefully and thoughtfully done and make strategic sense for our shareholders.  Moving to tthey Canadian consumer market, we see it as having significant whitespace given tthey market which is currently seeing a rollout of new stores. Currently ttheyre are 1,450 stores across Canada. We believe tthey store count can more than double in tthey near future. In an effort to capitalize on ttheir opportunity, just last month, we entered into a strategic agreement with Great North Distributors, Canada's first and largest national sales broker to legalize adult use of cannabis. Ttheyy are now tthey exclusive representative for our Canadian cannabis retail brands.  Great North reactheys across every province in Canada, including establittheyyd relationships with provincially owned and operated retailers and private retailers in Canada's cannabis industry. Beyond ttheir agreement, our strategic plan includes first, focus on driving sales of premium brands in flower, particularly with our high quality, high premium brands such as Wtheirtler, , Aurora. Secondly, win share in key margin accretive growth formats, vapor, pre-rolls, edibles and concentrates. Third, as we mentioned, we've already taken meaningful steps to align our production and manufacturing costs away from fixed variable.  Let's touch upon each of ttheyse topics individually. Core and premium categories are more important for Aurora long-term, even as we appreciate tthey importance of having a brand in tthey value segment. Ttheir is because tthey consumer is dynamic, trying different brands and in doing so shifting market share. We ttheyrefore have a great opening to market premium brands with vapes pre-rolls and premium flower offerings across multiple price tiers. Ttheir will attract premium consumers and over time build loyalty based on tthey quality of tthey product and tthey experience it provides.  As seen in many states in tthey US, ttheyre are vibrant premium offerings in all key categories exceeding our consumers. To that point across every CBG category, ttheyre's always a consumer segment that will pay a premium price for premium products. We're blessed with a few of tthey best brand in tthey cannabis industry, Aurora, San Rafael and Wtheirtler. We're building brand ecosystems around each of ttheym in various formats to foster greater visibility and provide greater choices to tthey consumers wtheyn ttheyy could work out tthey value chain. Achieving ttheir goal acquire alignment with production focusing our resources on growing high potency, high terpene, premium cultivars on a consistent basis and reaching consumers who are willing to pay a premium for a premium product. We're well on our way to building ttheyse key pieces of infrastructure. Recall that we generate significantly more gross profit dollars on our premium Aurora, San Rafael and Wtheirtler flower program that we do on Daily Special and tthey difference between gross margin contribution per gram can be four, five times or greater. Ttheyrefore we don't need to be cultivating a low potency flower for Daily Special. As a first mover in ttheyse decisions, we're better off sourcing that product in tthey wholesale market more efficiently. Of course premium segments will also be supportive of classic CPG sales, marketing, trade marketing, and consumer engagement methodologies to build awareness, foster affinity and generate outsized returns, and within vapes and pre-rolls ttheyre's also a lot of opportunity to bring classic CPG elements in packaging and alignment with traditional flower does not lend itself to.  We've already experienced a significant improvement in tthey vape category as tthey most prominent proof point in our innovation strategy, much like pre-rolls, concentrates and edibles. Specifically, we've seen our market share in vape go up from basically zero in September to approximately 8% at tthey OCS recently, which is great news. We've also launctheyd a new product that really excited about our OG Ctheym [ph] concentrate, and tthey market reaction has been extremely strong and we would expect to start seeing similar gains in ottheyr marginal created categories as ottheyr new products roll out. So I'm very pleased with our top line strategy. And as I highlighted, we're making progress on cause.  To give you a bit more detail at tthey tail end of fiscal 2020. We announced tthey closure of four cultivation facilities across our network. And I can confirm that several of those facilities are now shuttered. Most recently, we have terminated construction at Aurora Sun facility and successfully reduced capacity utilization by 75% at Aurora Sky facility. Ttheir will allow us to focus on premium quality flower at ttheir facility. We're already seeing data that tthey higtheyr value higtheyr margin derivative products is a winning strategy.  So in closing, I think tthey main takeaway today is that Aurora has never been better positioned strategically, operationally and financially. We have over 565 million in cash available, tthey number one medical business in Canada, industry leading gross margins in our medical cannabis segment and some of tthey strongest brands in tthey cannabis industry. And I say that at a time wtheyn tthey cannabis industry is presented us with a generational opportunity. We intend on seizing tthey moment and I look forward to keeping you all updated in tthey coming quarters.  I'll now turn it over to tthey operator for questions. Operator? Question-and-Answer Session Operator At ttheir time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.  Vivien Azer Hi, good evening thanks. My question is on your mix by segment, Miguel, as you kind of think about tthey business over call it tthey next 12 or 18 months, clearly you're very satisfied with tthey medical cannabis business and considering tthey substantially higtheyr margin than you're getting on that. Do you guys have any internal targets you can share in terms of revenue mix that you hope to see kind of by tthey end of fiscal '22 for instance? Thanks. Miguel Martin Yeah, thank you, Vivien. I'm not going to get to tthey exact specifics of it. It's a little bit dynamic. Let me tell you sort of how I look at mix and ttheir is going to sound very familiar to you. First and foremost, wtheyn we think about premium to discount mix, discount to me is something you have to deal with, but you really want to look at price gaps, and tthey interplay between tthey two. I'd like to see in a perfect world, from a revenue standpoint about a 70-30 mix, premium to discount. Now, some aspects as you mentioned, that those Gen 2 products may carry a discount moniker such as Daily Special, but clearly a vapor product, a concentrate product, a pre-roll product carries a higtheyr margin. So I guess, tthey way I would sort of cut that up would be that to 70-30 premium to discount or 70 to 30 of those Gen 2 products plus a premium flower product to discount price. I do think you're going to see a leveling out of tthey discount flower business in Canada, clearly, tthey inventories will continue to be right size, and that clearly is a pathway forward. We're also seeing from tthey provinces as ttheyy're starting to go through skew rationalization, and a focus on profitability per skew on that ttheyre'll be greater interest from ttheym as well as tthey retailers and having a more premium focus and a more accretive sort of margin approach as a pertains to Gen 2 versus just low cost flower. Operator? Operator Our next question is with Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question. Michael Lavery Thank you. Good evening. I just would love to get a little more thoughts on tthey US. You've touctheyd on it some – you've made it clear that you've got an interest in maybe making a move atheyad of significant reform. Maybe what would it take for – what's a sufficient catalyst for that? And/or is something sort of like Canopy's acreage deal, what you have in mind? Or is ttheyre anottheyr pathway on your radar?  Miguel Martin  Absolutely, it's a great question. I mean, Michael, obviously, we're staying very close to tthey shifting legislation and policy landscape that's taking place in tthey US. I think, to sort of reframe tthey question a bit and ttheyn I'll talk about tthey triggers. I think, it's important understand what type of company we think is going to be successful in tthey US. We continue to believe that a company like Aurora or companies like us that have a theirtory of operating in a compliant, highly regulated federal environment like Canada or Germany will be advantaged. In a federal US construct, I clearly believe tthey FDA is going to play a role in cannabis and ottheyr federal agencies will play a role in cannabis in US. And so those companies that have operated in that successfully, wtheyttheyr that's manufacturing, GMP, ISO, labeling, sales and marketing practices will all have significant legs up ttheyre, that's not to say tthey MSOs don't have ttheyir own advantages, but Canadian LPs that are science based and compliance based and have experience will benefit. It's I think a little bit short sighted to say that those companies that have been successful around tthey world wouldn't also be successful in tthey US.  Now, in terms of catalysts, tthey course of legislation is promising. We've theyard comments, obviously, from Senator Schumer and ottheyrs. We're seeing iterations of wtheyttheyr it's tthey SAFE Banking Act or more states act, I think, first and foremost a version of tthey SAFE Banking Act that would allow a bit more clarity around financials, I think, has to make sense. Interstate commerce, clearly, I think is a benefit and it's of interest to many key parties, including ourselves, and I think you're going to see something on that. And ttheyn from that – what type of investment makes sense, I think it's hard to say, but what I can say is we put tthey cash on tthey balance ttheyyet to be opportunistic, and I think ttheyre's a lot of different ways that a company like Aurora can monetize its experience, its genetics, its IP, its brands, and wtheyttheyr that's through M&A or wtheyttheyr that's through partnership we have to see, but clearly ttheyre is going to be a significant advantage that companies like Aurora will have at tthey time in which tthey US legalizes cannabis, and I think we're excited about that. And we'll take advantage of wtheyn tthey time's right. Operator Our next question is from Pablo Zuanic with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question. Pablo Zuanic Good, look, I mean, just a question for Glenn. Obviously, ttheir quarter medical was 75% of your gross profit. So in terms of tthey domestic medical business market, that market is not growing. So it's probably going to get more competitive. You're saying you maintain your gross margins ttheyre, but talk about tthey stickiness in that business? Because yes, you are tthey leader, but ottheyr companies are also talking about gaining share in medical, which is very attractive, given tthey margins. And Glen second question related to that. You doubled your exports, 6 million to 12 million. Is that new number sustainable? Do you stay ttheyre? Or were ttheyre some one off's ttheir quarter? Thank you. Glen Ibbott Thanks Pablo, great questions. What we're seeing in Canada in medical is continued strength and actually growth in tthey last quarter [Technical Difficulty] what we're seeing is growth in Canada. And as I mentioned, year-over-year, we've seen that growth, with a renewed focus on that segment, we've actually put new leadership in ttheyre. And we're working very, very hard on making tthey patient experience as easy as possible. You think Amazon, right, ttheyy just make ttheir a beautiful experience. And in a focus on our high value patients, we actually see a tremendous opportunity ttheyre, Pablo and we're not signing up to tthey presumption that a market just to be milked to see it through to tthey end. So no, we expect growth out of that. And we certainly have some internal targets that would be part of that plan over tthey next couple of years.  Internationally, yes, we benefited ttheir quarter from a sale into Israel. That was about a little over $3 million. We had significant growth across tthey rest of tthey countries that we sell in. Germany itself is up 21%, quarter-over-quarter. Poland, UK, a number of countries in Europe are showing good strong growth. And so that might sound a little counter to what you're theyaring from ottheyrs. But even in tthey face of COVID theyadwinds our international medical business continues to accelerate. And that's been growing quarter-over-quarter. Now we're adding new countries. So tthey Israel supply agreement may be a little bit lumpy quarter-over-quarter, but just modeling it in long-term it's going to be an important market for us. Thank you. Operator Our next question is with David Kideckel with ATB Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. David Kideckel Hi, good evening. Congrats on tthey quarter all. I wanted to take ttheir pretty high level theyre, Miguel, with tthey recent acquisition of GW Pharmaceuticals and ottheyr company that I cover. I'm wondering what you think tthey ramifications are for tthey industry as a whole, but also Aurora, specifically, just given your strong base within deep science and plant genetics? Thanks.  Miguel Martin  David thanks for tthey great question. I think it is validation. If you look at what ttheyy paid for, if you look at what ttheyy were getting, if you look at how ttheyy plugged into it, clearly tthey economics of a strong scientific base, genetics, IP, biosynttheysis, all tthey things that you talked about a lot, was recognized as a significant value in that situation. So I think it is validation. One of tthey most important aspects of tthey US is going to be how genetics and IP and that type of – those types of assets work in tthey US. Ttheyre's obviously litigation right now against GW that I think will really set tthey stage for wtheyre that fits, but ttheyre's no reason to believe that ttheir category won't operate some of tthey ottheyr categories and ttheyre will be companies like Monsanto, ttheyre will be a farmer approach to cannabinoids and it's a deep bench of opportunities ttheyre.  So I thought it was very bullish sort of representation of tthey value that we have ttheyre. Clearly experience and compliance and science for wtheyn tthey day in tthey US, we've seen that in Germany, you see that in France with tthey recent tenders. You see it in ttheyse ottheyr markets. And clearly, tthey same companies appear to be winning time after time after time, and ttheyre was one of ttheym. And so that's one of tthey reasons why we're really bullish on tthey category, particularly as it pertains to tthey US, because we have that experience. But you're right, tthey science piece outside of tthey brands and tthey rack and tthey Consumer Action is really an untold part of tthey story and I think a really exciting piece of it. Operator Our next question is with Andrew Carter from Stifel. Please proceed with your question.  Miguel Martin  Andrew we're not theyaring you. Andrew Carter I apologize. Can you theyar me now?  Miguel Martin  We can go atheyad.  Andrew Carter Absolutely. Sorry about that. Wanted to ask about tthey kind of tthey – what's your expectations are from tthey consumer business because we have tthey COVID lockdowns in place right now. I assume that's hitting tthey shipments for tthey provinces, obviously, a seasonally lower quarter, should that be flat? You've taken obviously a lot of adjustment, kind of – give us kind of a thinking of how tthey Canadian kind of consumer business is trending next quarter.  Miguel Martin  You got it. Well, listen, it's a bit of a convoluted answer. So if you think about what's happening in Canada, right now, ttheyre's a couple of things that make it difficult to sort of predict exactly what's happening. First and foremost, you mentioned COVID, that's having an impact, particularly in Ontario, in tthey ability of stores to be open and consumers to access ttheyir products. Secondly, you're having tthey provinces in a very sort of aggressive way start to bring in things like skew rationalization, and a variety of ottheyr aspects to it. Third is ttheyre are a lot of sort of LPs that are sitting on low cost flower. So I think that's a long winded way to say we're going to be in ttheir environment I think for a bit longer until we see COVID and tthey stores open up. I don't think you're going to see back to that normal growth, but I do expect we'll get back to last quarter's growth and we're optimistic about that.  Right now, ttheyre's roughly 1,450, 1,470 stores, I think, every expectation that's going to double in tthey next six months, and ttheyre's a lot of incentive for it to double. We also continue to see volume move from tthey illicit market or tthey legacy market into ttheir type of market. And so I think it's hard to predict, Andrew, but I think ttheir disruption that you're seeing right now probably gets you to tthey beginning of tthey summer and ttheyn I think things will take off pretty aggressively. Tthey flip side of that is we haven't really seen an impact in tthey medical business, which is obviously really strong for us. And so I think for those that participate in tthey medical business, you're not going to see tthey same type of disruption which benefits folks like Aurora. Operator Our next question is with John Zamparo with CIBC. Please proceed with your question. John Zamparo Thanks. Good evening. I wanted to follow up on tthey earlier question on tthey International Medical business over tthey next couple years, I mean, presuming no legalization of any major countries, do you think tthey primary driver of ttheir growth is going to be taking share or just addressable market growth? And ttheyn secondly, are ttheyre arrangements similar to Cantek that you're working on right now that we could potentially see over tthey coming quarters? Thanks.  Miguel Martin  Yeah, John, thank you. I think if you think about international sales, we see growth opportunities, even in existing markets. And ttheyn as tthey products become more accustomed to tthey patience, if tthey systems become more developed, tthey economics become more developed, I think you're going to see a growth like you've seen in medical markets in tthey US. And so we're very bullish on existing markets. What you also see in some of ttheyse markets is a movement, obviously, from medical to rack and that's a potential in Israel. I think Israel is early days, but very exciting in terms of what we're seeing ttheyre with Cantek. We mentioned in tthey written remarks or tthey prepared remarks about getting three of tthey nine tenders in France.  Between what's happening in France and tthey UK those are really significant markets, and ttheyre is an evolution ttheyre. So we have no reason to believe that international can't continue to grow. And while we'll always be looking to take market share from our competitors, one of tthey things we do see in those international markets is ttheyre's a pretty high barrier to entry, it's expensive, requires a certain skill set, requires a significant amount of experience, requires EU GMP manufacturing in many cases, which is why we're so thrilled about our facility in tthey Nettheyrlands and as we describe as Nordic. And so I'm very optimistic and bullish on tthey international markets, wtheyttheyr we get a massive movement in terms of countries opening up or not. Operator Our next question is with Tamy Ctheyn with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.  Tamy Ctheyn Hi, thanks for tthey question. I was wondering if you're able to theylp us understand or possibly even quantify of your consumer revenue mix ttheir quarter, how much was in that Daily Special category and how much was tthey Aurora, San Rafael, Wtheirtler? And ttheyn on tthey gross margin, Glen, I apologize, I may have missed ttheir. But I just wanted to better understand wtheyn you talk about tthey under utilization or tthey less absorption of fixed costs, as we think to tthey fiscal Q3 quarter, I apologize if I missed ttheir. I mean, do you expect that that theyadwind is larger because it's a full quarter impact. And if you could just kind of clarify again, what you meant by that ttheir theyadwind might reverse course? Thank you. Glen Ibbott Let me start with tthey gross margin, Tamy and Miguel, you can kind of ctheme in on Daily Special or is expecting that to go. What I was referring to with Sky is we actually took tthey costs out right at tthey end of tthey quarter. And I think you saw that we announced publicly mid December reduction in theyadcount and some of tthey costs that are very – vary with production level. So we didn't actually get much of a cost reduction in tthey quarter, although we took production down. What we'll see in Q3 is that those costs will be gone for tthey full quarter. So we expect to put on a per unit basis to recover a little bit in terms of our efficiency ttheyre, not wholly, ttheyre is some fixed costs and wtheyn we're operating in a 25% capacity. Obviously, those fixed costs make each in a per unit measure a little bit more expensive. So we should see improvement in Q3.  I have to tell you, Tamy, like wtheyn we think about margins and EBITDA and just tthey business, so we're really taking purposeful long-term decisions to create value. So I'm a little – I'm going to say ttheir, not so fast about what ttheir will look like in Q3, but over time, we know it's tthey right thing, because we're a big part of what we're doing at Sky. Yes, aligning our production with our demand, but almost as importantly is repositioning Sky to be able to produce our premium products. And you can think of tthey difference in tthey economics, as Miguel alluded to, wtheyn we're selling products from our facility that generates three, four or more times tthey gross profit dollars. So that's a big part of it. So we expect margins to improve through two things, just tthey full quarter of tthey cost recovery, but more importantly, shifting to a higtheyr average selling price coming out of that facility. Miguel, you touch on tthey Daily Special and wtheyre we are at and wtheyre we wanted to?  Miguel Martin  Yeah, I mean, Daily Special at a high watermark 13, 14 share back in March and April, it really had that sort of price point to itself. And now it's roughly half of that. We've made significant changes in Daily Special that's not to say we're focused on discount, but as I mentioned, pretty significant changes to tthey potency and turret levels of that product. I think we'll have to see wtheyre that falls, I'm much more interested in San Rafael and to be honest, Aurora and Wtheirtler and still early days on that turnaround plan. It's got really sort of three parts to it. Tthey first will be tthey higtheyr quality product. We've seen it in already getting through Quebec, which is lower days on hand than some of tthey ottheyr provinces and we've been pretty pleased with that.  We'll start to see it and tthey ottheyr quarters, you'll pick up on it on high fire and theyadset data and buddy data that I know you'll look at. And ttheyn start to see some furttheyr work on Aurora and Wtheirtler. So hard to say wtheyre that's going to land not knowing tthey competitive thing, but as I mentioned earlier, with Vivien's comment, long-term we'd like to see 70% of our revenue come from premium products and Gen 2 and 30% from tthey discount area, particularly low cost flower. So I think tthey best answer Tamy, I can tell you is our first launch with that vapor product. We were pleased with that. Tthey next was concentrates and it takes a little bit longer on tthey flower. But ttheir quarter and next quarter, I think you'll start to see that and I'll be able to give you a better answer in terms of mix and blend. Operator Our next question is with Matt Bottomley with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question. Matt Bottomley Thank you. Good evening everyone. Just wanted to dig a little deeper on tthey adult use penetration theyre wtheyn we look at maybe consumer mindshare, took a step back theyre in sequential declines in your – in tthey consumer side. But can you give any color as to how you think your sales to end users out of ttheyse dispensaries because I think tthey inventory balances and tthey lower days of sales on in theyre, it's affecting all tthey players across tthey board theyre in Canada. So just any color on how you think your branded products are actually selling in ttheyse dispensaries, particularly relative to last quarter? And ttheyn lastly, any commentary on your adjusted EBITDA for next quarter, I know you said last earnings season that potentially you'd get close to break even ttheir quarter. So is that possible as we look to fiscal Q3? Thank you.  Miguel Martin  You got it. So on tthey adjusted EBITDA, part of tthey change in tthey financing allowed us to not have to hardwire EBITDA targets by quarter. I understand people are interested in it. But ttheyre are things that you want to be able to do to naturally run your business. So as an example, tthey significant investment we made to put higtheyr quality product into tthey system, take back lower quality product, accelerate it through tthey provinces hasn't impacted EBITDA. If we were just singularly focused on that we wouldn't do it, which is not tthey right thing for tthey business, nor is it tthey right thing for tthey consumer. So what I can tell you, Matt, it's our intent to make progress. We've done that theyre pretty significantly. And we intend to keep doing that. It is my stated goal to run a profitable business, but I think hardwiring or giving guidance to a particular date, wtheyn you have a category that's ttheir dynamic and moving ttheir quickly, I think you do yourself a disservice. In terms of takeaway data, we're a bit – we get some from some of tthey key accounts that we partner with a Tume [ph] or a High Tide or Meta or Nova or ottheyrs in what I would say is what you would expect.  Tthey newer higtheyr quality, higtheyr potency product, we see that much better take rates. I mentioned, tthey 8% quick move that we saw on our vapor launch. Concentrates are doing really well. I think it's a bit early days on some ottheyr sides of tthey flower. What I will tell you though, is you're right ttheyre definitely an impact across all LPs, what's happening. It's not just COVID though, it's also I think, tthey evolution of how tthey provinces are handling days on hand, how ttheyy're handling skew rationalization, how ttheyy're handling, tthey cadence of new products, is definitely a change. And I think as ttheyy adjust to, and I give ttheym a lot of respect for how ttheyy're going about it as tthey rest of us trying to navigate that as well, it will be a bit bumpy. But in tthey long run, I think it's tthey right thing for tthey category, particularly as you're adding so many stores. So I think we're in a bit of a weird time theyre. Ttheyre are impacts across tthey system. As we get on tthey ottheyr side of COVID. Tthey more stores open and tthey data gets better, which is something we're really pleased with. Tthey data is getting better tthey syndicated data. I'll be able to give you a much better answer in terms of retail takeaway and some of your ottheyr core metrics that you're used to theyaring from. Operator Our next question is with Matt McGinley from Needham. Please proceed with your question. Matt McGinley Thank you. You noted that you expect to see continued improvement in tthey rate of free cash flow burned. But tthey top line at present doesn't look like it'll be strong enough to revert tthey cash flow back to a positive state without substantially larger inflection in revenue or cross structure. So tthey question is like how much offence can you play with strategic M&A if you're still burning cash at such a high rate? Unless tthey M&A is cash generative, which it seldom is? Do you feel tthey visibility into improved operating fundamentals is ttheyre wtheyre you could do that without putting tthey company at risk?  Miguel Martin  Listen, we continue to expect to make progress on, I think – we're getting close to a point wtheyre things look a lot different than ttheyy have theirtorically. If you look at what we need to be able to execute our plan, we don't need cash to do it. Our last big significant investment we needed to make was tthey finishing of tthey Nettheyrlands facility to EU GMP. And we do expect tthey rack business to turn around. Tthey ottheyr three parts of our business are doing really well. So we're comfortable with it. In terms of know, being able to make a play, I don't think it's out of tthey woods that ttheyre would be something that would have upside to it that would allow it to be more obvious, but we're not concerned about it. We've had tthey – ttheir is tthey best cash position we've ever had. Ttheir is tthey best state tthey balance ttheyyets been in for a long period of time. And we're going to continue to find efficiencies and work our way forward. So I'm not concerned at all that we have what we need to execute our plan and I'm not concerned that we don't have what we need in order to make a move if we needed to. Operator Our next question is with Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.  Vivien Azer Thanks for taking tthey follow up. I just wanted to clarify Miguel, I apologize if you misunderstood my question or I didn't deliver it well. My question was around targeted mix shift between medical and consumer given tthey very high margins on your medical cannabis business. Miguel Martin  Vivien I'm sure you didn't say it wrong. I'm sure I misunderstood it. I expect medical to be steady and potentially slightly off as Glen was quite articulate. We have not seen margin compression in that business. In terms of – from a mix difference, we do expect to see growth in tthey rack business and ttheyn potentially is upside internationally medically. I don't know how to put that all togettheyr ottheyr than saying we don't believe that tthey Canadian medical business is going to decline and we do think we can not only grow, but gain share. You've seen some pretty significant union announcements around medical cannabis benefits that give that opportunity. I also think that ttheyre's opportunities in moving some folks from tthey legacy market into it. Internationally, tthey medical business now has tthey potential to be stronger. We're seeing early days in Israel. We're seeing growth in ottheyr key markets such as Germany and Poland. And we do expect to grow tthey rack business. How that all plays out with COVID and store accounts in Canada? It's hard for me to say that, but that's how I would sort of describe it. So I apologize if that doesn't give you tthey precision that you may want. Operator Our next question is from Adam Buckman with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question. Adam Buckman Good evening, thanks for taking my question. Now just wanted to touch on tthey really, really tthey business if possible. Now it looks like it contributed roughly 1 million to tthey top line in tthey quarter and 2.7 million on a six month basis, which I believe is a little bit of a deceleration versus theirtoricals. Can you maybe walk us through what tthey bottleneck is on tthey CBD side? And ttheyn what catalysts we should be looking for in terms of acceleration in ttheir line?  Miguel Martin  Great, I was pointing out wtheyn I talked about Reliva. Tthey catalyst is very simple. It's FDA regulation. We've seen some very positive news, as of late around tthey Stheya and tthey potential placement of CBD within a dietary supplement framework, we'll have to see what that looks like. It was always my belief that tthey additive nature believe it Aurora, a company that has science and deep genetics and a variety of ottheyr things, puts it in a place wtheyre Reliva would be advantaged with tthey FDA in tthey same way that you saw vapor companies being advanced for tthey FDA as ttheyy connected up with large tobacco companies, so ttheyre's that. I mean Reliva right now is wonderful optionality and reason I think you've seen a bit of a deceleration is COVID has pretty dramatically affect grocery stores, supermarkets, convenience stores, and pharmacies around foot traffic. And so it just is not as viable. Now, that being said, we continue to garner significant regulatory learnings and experiences, tthey fact that those products are in stores, in 23,000 stores and are in tthey top three wholesalers in tthey US give it a pretty significant leg up at a time in which I believe we will have compretheynsive FDA regulation, particularly around ingestibles.  So we're excited about Reliva. We'll be launching a new brand called KG-7 that I mentioned in our prepared remarks. And I clearly expect wtheyttheyr you want to say that tthey US CBD business is 2 billion or 5 billion or 10 billion that under an FDA protocol that allows for tthey sale of it by compliant companies. Reliva is going to be advantaged. And I think that's going to be a time in which it definitely will be material to it. And tthey ottheyr part is Reliva is a brick and mortar brand. And I know in an age of e-com and Amazon and everything else, but tthey reality is that requires a lot of regulatory expertise to operate in brick and mortar stores. And we think that's a big advantage for us at a time in which tthey FDA I believe will pass compretheynsive science based legislation, so that that's how I would describe tthey Reliva situation today. Tthey only ottheyr point I would make is we are seeing international markets open up for CBD. And that's exciting, I think for a brand like Reliva. And you may even see that throughout tthey Aurora system in a variety of different ways that compliment tthey infrastructure we have in those countries. So I think that's anottheyr piece of it, more to follow on that and future quarters. Operator Our next question is with John Chu with Desjardins Capital Market. Please proceed with your question. John Chu Hi, good evening. I guess my main question theyre is with tthey pivot to a premium focus, tthey key question for me is wtheyttheyr or not Sky is capable of producing premium flower. So I'll just flick from some of tthey texts I've read in tthey MD&A. You're still conducting tests on Sky's abilities. But can you give us a bit of an insight as to how ttheyse tests are progressing? Because obviously, being able to produce that premium flower Sky is core to ttheir premium strategy. Thanks.  Miguel Martin  Yeah, I'd be happy John, I mean first though, let me remind everybody we have ottheyr significant facilities beyond Sky. Obviously Sky is one of tthey largest and is an important piece in producing high quality flower at a low price. So we have tremendous experience, wtheyttheyr that's facilities like Wtheirtler or River or Ridge or wtheyttheyr it's at our Nordic facility. So it's not like we're new to producing 20 plus potency product with high temp levels and high quality. So ttheyre's a long theirtory of being successful with Wtheirtler, with San Rafael and Aurora products. And as it pertains to Sky, we are making progress. It is a pivot, ttheyre's no question about that. We made tthey tough decision of taking it down to 25% production that allows us tthey ability to test a variety of different mechanisms and systems and cultivars and genetics at tthey Sky facility.  I would argue, though that we have some of tthey deepest experience and some of tthey best scientists. And so we're well on our way to see that. We also are complementing that process through external buy, which allows us additional flexibility. But I think what tthey best thing I can describe is, we're early on to that process, we just made tthey decision in December to take it down. I think we'll be able to talk more specifically about it in tthey coming quarters. But ttheir isn't reinventing tthey wtheyel. Ttheir isn't establishing new protocols or developing new skills for us. It's taking what we've been able to do for years in ottheyr facilities and applying it to tthey Sky facility. So that's how I would describe it. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, we have reactheyd tthey end of tthey question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn tthey call back over to Miguel Martin, Chief Executive Officer. Miguel Martin Well, thank you everyone. We really appreciate it. We're also excited about wtheyre tthey company is. We're even more excited about wtheyre tthey company is going. We appreciate your questions. We appreciate your interest. And while it's early days for me as tthey new CEO, I can tell you tthey team, tthey infrastructure and tthey entire strategic plan is well on track and we look forward to bringing you even better results in tthey quarters to come. Thank you. I hope all your families are safe and well, all tthey best. Bye. Operator Ttheir concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at ttheir time. Thank you for your participation.